Sports radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Linerdale presents the Neil Rogers show. So what do you think? Or by short? 560 560 toll free for David Broward or pound 560 on your cell call. The opinions of Neil is guest callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley Reed acquisitions or the Beesley Rodcast Group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAL. Some days I feel myself. I hate to get out of here. You suck. My short fat. Did it? I just didn't think I'd know. Daddy, you're a loser. You said here from heaven. And you said it's little girl. I would back home in my pants. I think mommy keeps on you. But what if I can't bear time for it? A little my smile has been burning. Nice and damn it, I'll be here. I don't want to get a job. To be served, I'll give it more. To butterfly kisses that night. Daddy, you smell like beer. I'm trusting out of place. Daddy, I'm pregnant. I don't know who the father is. Ask the turn chick. I drove the car into a tree. Can you just send me some cigarettes? I'm not going to die. Hang out by the adults for the brightening world. Daddy, I'm getting married again. I'll give her away. Dad, that's my ass. Standing in the bride room. Just staring. I think I have a simple ass. I have to be one of my kids. And I said I'm not sure. I'm not a dad or girl. We're all always. Hey, pop. We're moving in. And butterfly kisses. Dad, I have news. I'm a lesbian. All right. So what could be wrong with that 10-04-560 WQA? I'm happy Monday too. Boy, a lot of crap went on this weekend. And have me. Have me. Doody Cran. Tom, jick is got a thing in here. But nobody in this audience cares about Joe Rose blowing up. And all that's thing begins suspended for two days. Nobody cares. I meant to not unfriety that anybody care. By the way, I played that for all you fathers out there. Even though it's one day late, better late than ever. Because I wasn't going to come in and work on Sunday. Perfect for fathers day. But nevertheless, Tom, jick are right to piece in here in the Saturday Sun Sentinel. About the fact that Joe Rose blows up after one to many commercials. We'll get to that. Then Gary Bettman does it again. Nice going. Gary. I'll tell you about that little Jew from Cornell. Hi, Tonya. Piece of crap. Sitting there watching that game four and a half hours almost five God damn hours to one 25 in a morning Saturday night. Only the National Hockey League that has a death wish. Only the National Hockey League would let a champion. If you know they're going out about this is the most difficult trophy to win in the world. It's a four or seven game series after winter. Five games series. Four or seven games series after winter. The wind is standing up. So why not give it a awarded on a bogus school that shouldn't have counted in the first place? Why not do that? Right, Gary. You're still for the little bastard. God, he's the anti-Christ. I'm telling you that right now. The National Hockey League will never make it until I get rid of that guy. They have a little Jerry Bettman. His ass should be kicked out now. Oh. Now I'm in more than glad to stick my foot up his back. Boom. He's a cramp. But anyway. Of course we had the, you know, I go out of town for a couple of days. I go off to Toronto. See all my good friends up there. Most of those names I don't know, but nevertheless. Hey, listen, you don't have to know somebody's name. Okay. You remember a face? Whatever it is, you remember, you know, Yeah, that too. Put it anywhere that comes back here. And it's like the world has come to an end down here. What's going on? Customs first lady declined a chance to amend declaration. I thought we had these right wing good intentions people in their anti-aliency. And that would you people wanted somebody who was a real good Christian. Somebody who's would never tell a lie. The wife of Florida's governor was quite reluctant to tell US Customs agents in Atlanta's Heart School of International Airport that she bought $19,000 in clothing, jewelry, and perfume during her recent vacation in Paris in gay Paris. Oh, I hope she didn't hear that word gay Paris. She probably have an arrest break down. First, Colomba Bush. What kind of a name is that? Anybody? Well, she's the Mexican one, right? Yeah, he's the, that's right. This is the governor that's got the kids. Whatever they are. The Mexican. Anyway, Colomba Bush declared only $500 worth of purchases. Then when customs official stumbled upon a receipt, tucked into her passport, he'll pass a port though. She still did I spending more. Lyrly or pants on fire, Colomba. The receipts were for old purchases she said. Another lie. We gave her an opportunity to change the declaration. And I believe she said, oh, said US Customs spokesman, Patrick Jones. It was only when they found the goods after searching her luggage on Thursday that Florida's first lady finally passed up. How do you like that? Was she lying? Yeah, she was lying through her goddamn teeth. She could have been more upfront, Jones said. Instead, they found the items Bush had bought during the four day Paris vacation she took last week. It was a vacation promise to her buyer husband, Guayona, Jim Bush during his campaign last year. Bush was treated no differently than anyone else would be in the same situation Jones said at any agents didn't know where the governor's wife until after were. Several calls to the governor spoke to the spokesman, Corey, Tilley on Friday and Saturday when I'm returned. The governor was scheduled to be at a 730 pm dinner on a Republican party chairman Alberto Cardinus Saturday but didn't attend. Colomba Bush was able to pay $4,100 civil fine. Three times more than the duty she would have paid on the merchandise if she would have declared it stupid bitch. Then catch the next life to tell her has he. And a statement released from tell a has he had Friday. She said, I'm sorry for exercising bad judgment and a kind of sure everyone this will never happen again. What you said till next time until I can get away with it. How do you like that, huh? Are you Bush liekers out there in this audience? That's right. Are you people that think that we got a governor who's a real outstanding great guy? Never stole a freight train with those great the license plates we got. Choose life. Don't choose the truth. Just choose life. There you go. Don't choose to be honest. Don't choose to pay the guy dead. Dildy. On this stuff you just brought in here from God damn gate parry. So don't do that. Choose life. And like I've always told you for the last 4,500 years now all these people, not most of them every God damn last one of them. The holy pontificators, every one of them is nothing but a God damn hypocrite. The louder they scream about how pious they are and they're better than everybody else in the God this and the Lord that the more that means they're full of crap. Okay, you can smell it. Let me get back to the cutting stage and probably could smell it. They didn't even aid those goddamn drug sniffing dogs you should pardon the expression. Speaking of drugs by the way, this building. We're going to have to do something about that. I think we're going to get a permanent DEA guy in this building. Now seriously, this is the drug building. Somebody said to me last week this is the Tanner Building. This isn't the Tanner Building. This is the drug building. I think we need a raid in here. We need a good DEA raid clean this place out. Excellent show last night, Harald. On time, when you do 50,000 show a sooner or later, you're going to do a good one. We'll get in at that in a minute. About the juvenile approach to the drug problem in the USA. The war on drugs. Is it a war on drugs? Is it a war? Is it working? No. No. We got all those people behind bars locked up. All those hardened criminals behind bars. That was a gut wrenching show that I came across by accident. Anybody see that? No. Well, it's going to be a brutal day to the damn tune. I just want to pluck a guy named alarm clock. 9 minutes after 10 at 5.60. Nobody QM. You want to go out and have yourself a good time at this town. Not easy. It's almost illegal in the state of Florida. Thanks to our governor. But nevertheless, you can't go to Hollywood. Seminal gaming in the town mood. Stretching. You may be getting a little bit lucky too. Jeff. Hey. Hello. Melrose plays won't be on tonight. So don't miss for beer of the new CBS show. Good. One full hour of nothing but girls. Tall one short one. Glond Burnett's Redhead. Kate. A model. We can't remember what she had for breakfast. Laura. Athletic. If it's hard, she's on it. Bush. Girls. Girls and more girls. For one solid hour. Do it in tonight and see. Good. Who? I'm going to show you. Okay. Give it a rest. 10. get any calls this week. I thought maybe we actually had one there with somebody with like a real call because everybody's gone now and thank God and God bless them anybody that cut out of here that packed up their little kids and got that a lot nice going guys Anybody that would stay here during the summertime is either a got no choice about their mind or just a Schlepper one be above even a Schlepper's ought to be like hitchhiking just get out of here do yourselves a favor find a real place WQA encourages his personalities to be outspoken and to express controversial opinions on here. It says This policy does not extend the matters of the station so says Tom Joe Rose one of the try host of the first him has been suspended for two days Criday and Monday meeting today for the intro office blow up on Wednesday Rose became Incented when a commercial break during his morning drive program extended a nine minutes see this I think to break the news The commercial breaks on actual ben nine minutes for his long before Jesus was a baby, okay. What are you talking about Tom? And exceedingly long period that encourages two now says Tom the O' Rogers is a closet is WQM contract that limits breaks to four minutes Rose took his anger out on program directed duff Lindsey who has no power over the situation See now why don't you explain what that means Tom? I mean technically you're correct But again what you should be saying is the program directed doesn't determine a commercial load on his station, okay Using colorful language as in And your mama and at two which would get bleeped off the year rose be rated Lindsey and the station in front of several staff members The insubordination in front of the co-workers as much as what he said led to roses suspension and he said don't call me rose The matter was exacerbated by Rogers is described the scene in detail on his popular program Nice going Tom Didn't get me in the TV book yesterday, but he got me in the article on Saturday and it's going Tom Always liked that Tom's it you know it always said good things about it was separate the fact that But other than that look at that I'm coughing up crap from this weekend. Ooh look at that So anyway there you go So Rose out for two days Friday and this morning and they got to it. Okay, default was still waffling all over the place like he always does I think I don't know you know like he always does you know we all strong opinions in it The pho good guy, but the wimpy and guilty was bad. Did it did it yeah how doing his thing So what's the big deal? Okay, all those mint and then I hear people talking I did it were watching Two things this is the QA module and so can you wonder why the world's going to hell in a hand basket watching a golf tournament over the weekend and women soccer I'm gonna tell you something if there are any of you people listening right now who watched either golf or women soccer during weekend Please please have them turn off the respirator right now before it's too late. No, no seriously golf Which have told you for years if you want to go out there play get a little exercise Have a few beers with a guy's whatever. You know go ahead. I won't tell anybody But people who watch golf on television and people who would watch women soccer and see this is what's going on now Because the American public are so goddamn bored Because they were there convinced that they're missing on something. I'm not sure what it is, but they've been convinced the good bill of goods that they're missing out on something And so we have to have more and more leagues and more and more sports and we got indoor at soccer without door soccer and outdoor football And arena football and turn around to start another guy's input ballics and just on and on and on how the Managers doing by the way Yeah, how the fusion do you know Yeah That's what we need like I told you before. I think I was way ahead of my time a stadium and an arena on every goddamn street corner We'll tear down the acreage in a wall greens and instead we'll have a stadium and a guy dimmer We're not every corner with some guy damn ball game going on in there something there won't be any fans in there But there'll be some guy damn event going on on every goddamn street corner in America And then all of you sports the redot there can say yeah, right now We got something to us think our teeth into yeah, think your teeth into this. Okay, it is Lifeless fools Watching golf and women soccer watching a bunch of big ugly hairy bull dikes out there kicking it around in a soccer ball too Just what we need then of course we got the WNV8 coming to Miami I live bull dikes you know something I'm discovering the older that I get There are as an endless supply of bull dikes in the world. I mean there must have been a factory without seriously There must be a place where they stamp them out They're hairy just like that very nice dive call from plantation we hear two ago on a show and she was bitterly complaining About all the ugly bull dikes. She said aren't there any like attractive lesbians down here? Oh no Do you all have a lot of facial hair a lot of hair under their armpits? Some hair on their back bone and all over the place. I think we even have like a little hair on their breast to just to make the cheese more binding And that's where it's at okay Lesbians all over the goddamn place the world is loaded with lesbians so we got to have more sports, you know More stuff for them to compete in participate So anyway, who are all those got to show that I came which I can't stand her while though He makes me physically ill just a see him but I'm channel surfing last night and here's a show on NBC Which finally for once in our lives, you know how come it's got to be her all though? It's got no credibility at all anyway. Why can't we have these all over the place these shows? Exposing this fraud that goes on here America's war on drugs. Oh, yeah, that's working good in it. It's a working It's really doing a job And her all the points out that in like civilized places like in all of Europe, Australia and Canada That they deal with drug problems as health problems people that are like hooked on drugs people are like a screwed up on drugs It's a health problem not a crime problem not a puts this bathroom jail for 20 years and locked the door Throw away the key problem But in America because you progress out there Like to feel like you're doing a really good job, so let's see Maybe we can get like 90% of the population behind bars Huh, yeah by the end of the next century maybe we can get like 98% of the population behind bars Then imagine what note don't traffic problems Huh And then we'll have a captive audience will just make sure there's a goddamn radio and every cell they can put out arbitron die reason all the prisons Everybody in America's gonna be behind bars because everybody smoking and we can weed everybody's yeah, right They deal with it like a goddamn crime in this country and it's a joke It's an insult to our intelligence and there's a significant segment of the public of the people out there in radio land all over this country Who believe this crap? Oh, yes the government has to keep fighting this isn't that great They just confiscated another big level of weed that just was coming in from wherever was coming in Probably from inside this building is where was coming in from Oh, they won't live any out or like I said it wasn't from inside this building they keep it all inside Oh, by the way before I get back at the drug thing very big news time jikkiy But I put this into the condomorrow power 96 was blasting the music again this morning before I came in See they don't do it after I come in because they know I'll bitch them out They were blasted at the walls of Jericho where tumbled it on in this place and default and guilty We're in a little bit too loud. Yeah, I like that But leave it to our program directed the fact that the you know Greg read is still out of town They're that Mary you have something to do with his newly found muscle at these flexing he's flexing it and His muscle too He has fired the entire suspended the entire staff of power 90s Oh, for crack at that music up too loud. How do you like that? He don't even work on power 96 kid current. Oh, I think about it yet, but the entire staff of power 96 Suspended for today Oh, for put the music up to loud and screwing up with our morning show. Nice going tough. I told you he'd butcher up some day. Did I'm saying? So when we're getting back to the guy dead drugs All of Europe Australia Canada are neighbor to the north where I just was this week and I guarantee you won't see anybody on church street or young street or any other guy Dem Street getting busted up that there are smoking weed openly up there because they're not but nevertheless They have better things to you know they have better more important things to worry about up there Like who want to guide them hockey game serity night and how come they let that ghoul stand? Those are the kind of important things that they're worried about up there and Is the mulsans, you know, cool those are the things that they're concerned about Not as somebody smoking a little bit of weed they had two women on their last bite. It's enough to make you scream So it up to make you go nuts And of course they happen to be black women not that we have any discrimination I see I know this is gonna come as a shock and I have a difficult time saying this but I'm starting to reach a point in my life We're on beginning to understand even though I don't agree But I mean, you need to understand the just total frustration of black people in this country with it makes them Embrace OJ okay even OJ is a scumbag He's not one there people he's the wrong person there but nevertheless What they're really saying is okay one of our people got away even OJ may not want to be one of our people He can't change his skin color one of these shards has got away killed two white people and finally We got a little bit of a payback okay, that's what they're saying and as much as I find that repugnant and disgusting Nevertheless, I'm beginning to be able to relate to it Here were these two women and one woman. She's got two little kids no police record. You need the one of these women ever have any kind of police record any kind of problem with the law or anybody else And a one woman she was given a a bag she transported the bag with three ounces of cocaine and under the great Nelson Rockefeller law Anesthet in New York that piece of crap From 26 years ago in 1973 she's in a slamer 17 years no eligibility for parole Let me say it again no eligibility for parole. We have people who murder people first and remurder who get out after serving seven or eight or ten years How do you like that that's your criminal justice system for you, okay? That's the American Wait a minute Then they had the one guy on there who you know his big crime was growing weed in the backyard He's in for 20 years in the state in New York under the rocky fellow law Is this what you want and then they talked about the fact that the these people on average do longer than people of the Medviolent crimes We're talking about nonviolet crap But let's just keep building more jails and more prisons and put everybody away because God only knows we have to we have to We have to profess to be a bunch of goody two shoes. That's the problem of America. We love our guns and want to read in the morning the other night there is daylight Friday morning The NRA bought out your Congress again as they always do One thirty more in what everybody was asleep and nobody could see the embarrassment. That's okay guns are great But drugs are evil and people and have anything to do even I wonder what I have what happened to Columbus She would have had a little weir something in her suitcase there come the back from Paris Poor Columbus bush all she did was try to like smuggle in about $20,000 worth of stuff that you bought and the boy having to pay the goddamn duty on it. I say Doody on hers what I say But if it would have been some schlepper that would have come in would like a half an ounce of weed from Amstever and somewhere straight to jail baby drug smugglers 15 years easy We're talking crazy people is what we're talking about and we're talking about this hypocritical double So it's like the thing with Baba and Monica you know with the blow jobs, you know airbie every guy in this country wants blow jobs Believe me what I tell you Everybody in this country wants to get head, but oh my god if the president's doing it then we got to have an inquisition Then we got to have a big then he's a perfect. We got about big son of the ants because the president's getting some head I say if Al Gore would come on a year tomorrow and say hey guess what I like to get good head Just as much as Baba his pool ratings with his pool would rise and his ratings too That's right And by the way, I hate to break the news to those Nazis on Sunday morning on ABC or still given a song to dance about how Hillary Clinton is behind Hey, they break the news here New York Daily News. I bought it to your port in Toronto yesterday Tell her is eight points ahead But don't confuse George Willam, all those other factions on the Sunday morning our fascism Let ABC with the truth because they're in their papapapapia I'm manipulating public opinion in that cookie Roberts She should only croak be criminalized put in Florida Yeah Moon Oh Oh Alright. Hey, everybody in their brother in this country. They talk one game and they want their lives to be another. But it just all sounds great. Here's a classic example of what goes on in this country. How juvenile we are from El Segundo, California. Mattel incorporated is changing the packaging of its Tars and action figure. After some people said the doll's movements were sexually suggestive. How do you like that? Tarsan, he's doing it. Raising the right arm of the 30 centimeter high, rad repeat in Tarsan, switches on and recording of his jungle deal. The problem is that the springloaded arm can be pumped rapidly up and down from Tarsan's chest to below his loincloth, a motion some people call it suggested. That's why he's making those sounds, baby. What do you think he's yelling about? Squirt, squirt, exactly. Although nobody has complained that the company Tarsan's performance has been noted in messages on seminar chat rooms since that I'll restore three weeks ago. The jerkin Tarsan. He's jerkin is jerkin and everybody's excited about it. I think this is where adult look at things through a different set of eyes. Mattel spokesman Sarah Rosalay said yesterday, no changes if it made to the ballot self, however the company's making sure the arm will be secured in the open front package. So it cannot drop a load Tarsan's waist while the toy is still in the store. Once you take it home, he can puff away like crazy, okay? Until he's in the prone position and passed out. But other than that in the store, we don't want Tarsan's hand, but it sounds like a drone Crawford thing, you know? Or she used to tie her kids hands behind his back when they went to bed at night because God forbid his hands should slip under his waist. We're got Tarsan. He'd like to swing from the guy named Ropan a jungle, but we got his hands tied again, okay? Like everybody else. That's what Duff Lindsey said. I'd like to get more done around here, but my guy named Handsard died. And he seems to be enjoying it. Here's a fact that since Jeff loves license plates so much, here's a new one for him. Choose to pay import duty. There you go. Choose life and why you're ready. Choose to pay import duty. Ouch! Bitch! How do you like that? All these foamy luck I told you. Henry hired his hide in it. Dan Coats, he was hired in it. The more they talked, the more they're full of crap, and the more skeletons you'll find, all of them. Not just in their closet, every room in a house. Even the tea room they got closet swinging from the ceiling. Here's a mobile in a cable. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How are you today? Great. Listen, I was watching the news over the weekend, and I've the only person that realized this at the Russians when it's possible to hold the phone. They went into Kosovo to hold us hostage and have debts reduced. Did you hear about that? So what about this? Well, I think it's bogus. They're doing the same thing. They did in a second world war. They all had a sector of Germany. They got it. Yeah. They wanted a piece. Everybody wants a piece and the Russians want a piece. Have you ever seen those Russian women? I would like to see that out there. That's why they left Russia. That's why they want a piece someplace else. Excellent points sir. God bless you. 560560, ponp 560 on a mobile one line. It's going to be a long, ponderous week, but it doesn't bother me. Because I know that most people from down here, there's someplace else. Having a really good time. And God bless them. Here's a mobile in deer fields. Hello. Hey, me. Okay sir. Listen. Did you know that two weeks ago in Miami at the FACC? No. There was a conference by the National Association of Drug Court Professionals. Do you know what a drug court is all about? About what? What professional? National Association of Drug Court Professionals. No. Well, drug courts. The very first one was seven years ago in Miami. And they've been tracking it ever since. And it's grown to the point where we're about 400 of them operating in this country right now. So what? What? Drug courts. Now tell you what drug court is. When someone gets charged with a drug offense, a nonviolent non-dealer drug offense. Yeah. Sometimes they're given the option of going to drug court. Where instead of putting them in jail, they're given a option of not an option. Like it's up to the judge into the case worker and the prosecutor of either going for probation with random drug screening or to refering them to inpatient or outpatient treatment. Yeah. They're referring them to Trump stuff, you know, recovery fellowships. But here at the kick. They've been tracking us for seven years. And the reason why they're backing it now. And it was part of the National Drug Control Policy. I mean, my campary was that this convention. Yeah. Where we got to spend on drug court. They're saving $10 on incarceration. And it's criminal justice system. Yeah. So all things really not about what's best for the person has got a drug problem. So about $1. And as long as they're attitude is how they're going to save money and not how we're going to deal with the problem. They're never going to deal with the problem. So I just want to let you know. And we were angry that it was literally like, well, well, we used to say the problem first of all. It's a problem that they created. Well, when you say the problem first of all, it's a problem that they created. If you're talking about people that are like hooked on heroin or have cocaine brought out problems to the point where they're like, you know, ripping off 7-11's and gas stations, yeah, then there's a problem. Well, you know, if you allow 10 tons of stuff to come into Miami every month, you know, someone's just... 10 tons of what? Of whatever. Of weed. Of weed. Of marijuana. Of weed. Of weed. Some of the citizens are going to get screwed up. With what? With drugs. With weed. So, man. You won't wish that it doesn't matter, okay? Doesn't. How about a regular, well, that's a two? No. Huh? Oh, my God. This guy's got too much time on his hands. This will the TYME with an H? Give me a break already. William. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6. I understand. You can't have a conversation about this in this country because like I've told you before. Most of what's in the mind for the American public has been planted there by somebody else. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. They've been very well brainwashed. Not bad enough. We're going to have the 10 commandments. You know, want to walls at all those schools. That's really going to change a lot, isn't it? No. But now we got the polite police in Louisiana. And the kids have to say, yes sir. And yes, man. That's you're going to change a lot of things. They had one as you came around and just more and talking about. And of course, what we see is always at the bottom of the list. Even worse than Florida and per capita spending for students. The worst education system in America. They got no classrooms. They got no textbooks. They got no teachers that can say, you know, say, a spell or name. But the kids would be more polite. Now I say put them in nice little brown uniforms and have the little goose steps. Sounds good. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes, man. Whatever you say, sir. Teach them how to put that arm up in the air to 45 degree angle. Yes sir. Good little obedient Nazis. That's going to do it. Just calm down. Okay. Just don't expend all your energy on another place. 21 before 11 at 5. 60 WQM. In fact, when you get all worked up like I am right now, the best thing to do is take a deep breath, sit back. Put a nice big round when you're pushed from next to the guards. And just say, it's good, you know? Just say, that's right. That's what I'm going to do. It changed the world. Just sit here and do the best you can. So light upon those great predominant reserve actors. Or one of those Cuban bullets. Yeah. Speaking of a field alley, even he never had a Cuban bullet. Once that one, I will not have that idea. Neil. God. You feel me, thanks. Love my love. Ah, I know that you keep on taking up my love. Don't play me, come tell me. You can't help my breath. So can I must study here? Alright. You come on to me and let the things in my head. And it sounds so hard. But if you wanna take me slow, the thing is about me, don't think you know. I'm on the way. Yeah. You should make it a day. So you could go to Canada to be with me. It's a free. You live a friend on me. She was 25 but she's just a team. Look at me. I've been my life a dream. Daddy called her. I've got some perfectity. Because I've got some to be. You're not my cousin. Which money do you want? And I've got some things right now. Oh, my show. She's on the way. She's okay. She's on the way. She's just a kid. Yeah, the men's role in those grandmothers and daughters. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. Hey, 46 and 560 WCWM. So anyway, here's a fact. This goes to show you the kind of idiots that we have out through the so-called sports band. Wait until you're this fact. From Lone Star 22, he calls himself a ball, whichever one he's calling himself today. It says, who is the Stanley Cup champion? The Dallas stars underlined with a whole bunch of crap. Does anybody care here? Oh, no. I know you don't agree with the goal I was scored. It's not a question whether I agree with it. The goal shouldn't have counted. Not a credit. It's not a good. It's not like a multiple choice question. Okay. Was it a goal I should have stood? No. But all I've heard you say all season. Too bad. If the role is where he versus you'd be saying just that today. Too bad. If Dallas didn't earn the last goal too bad. How do you like that? So in other words, a Stanley Cup championship they play four freaking rounds. You have to win 28 games to win or whatever it is. 16 games. Four seven games series to win a goddamn Stanley Cup. And it's idiot because his team wanted or a support from the Carlos Cach de Beton a guy in game. He's happy that they won regardless of who was a greasy go on. You're in the counted. Nice. Go on. Gary Betman. You idiot. You simple. Then compute. Idiot. Here's a call from Texas. What about this is about? Yes sir. I just want to let you know that missed you very much. I was formerly from Miami, Florida. You were formerly from Miami? Yeah. I got transferred over here for federal agents and here in the valley. Yeah. Protecting our borders here. Just want to let you know that. You don't want any more of those next to Cansin. No, no, no. I'm not going to drug agent. Yeah. And I just want to, you know, our mayor want to find this incredible. Where are you guys? These are just up to 500 to 6000 pounds a day. What do you mean our problem is incredible? What's the problem? Oh, the mayor want to problem. That's what we're not. No, no, but what is the problem? Hello. I'm sorry. Are you listening to me? Yes, I am. Somebody say hello. Why not? We said hello like two minutes ago. I'm a telephone. Yeah. And it's kind of a, okay. Okay. Cutting out. Okay. Let me say again. What is the mirror want to problem? Is that like re for madness? Is that the problem? No, you know what? It's not the problem. And so, you know, the problem is the trafficers. That's the problem. And those are the ones that you get into heavy, healthy and, uh, uh, punishment. But those are the ones who are behind bars. Exactly. And last night's a roller show that kept calling the drug kingpins. And most of the drug kingpins aren't the, in fact, the two black women they had who were in jail for 17 and 20 years. They said, I don't even know any blood drug kingpins. Uh, you know, I just made one mistake. And I'm in here for 17 years and one case and 20 years and the other can't get out. So people that are getting arrested are not the drug kingpins. Yeah. So then what are you guys doing? So what's it all about? Well, I think it looked good for the public. So people are scared talking so they're not going to, they're not going to, So so then what's the point? Exactly. Why not put the drug kingpins out of business by legalizing, or at least be criminalizing it like they do in any place else with a guy brain and they take away their whole industry. You know, this, this is just like how we made all the money for the mafia, you know, prostitution, gambling, all the stuff, you know, when we had the prohibition with booze, all the stuff that the public wants and the government will let them have. That's where the mob makes all their money. Well, you know what, the thing about marijuana, it's something that it still hasn't been completely started because marijuana is a gateway drug to other drugs. Oh, just like alcohol's a gateway drug. Just like having a beer is going to make you an alcoholic. You know how old and stale that argument is sir? But you know what, you know what, you know, marijuana's more normal. It's you and how come with all the people smoking pottenin in the Netherlands? They don't have all these other drug problems. How come that is? Because they don't have access to the other drugs as much as much as they don't. They're how they don't. They're how they don't. But it is very controlled by the drug. And how come in all these countries in Western Europe or the drinking age? Some countries they don't even have a drinking age. How come they're all running around stone out of their minds all day and drunk driving like we are here? So I hate to break the news, do you see or there's something called the forbidden food? And when you try to prohibit people from having something that they want, then they want it even more. Because it makes it, you know, that much more glorified. How long have these cultures been exposed to the drinking and no age? You know, they've got to the whole world. For instance, law for instance, God made little renapples. That's right. Anyway, you know what happens if we legalize it now? We have a couple of hundred years where it's going to be horrible. And then maybe we're talking about marijuana? Yeah. Couple of hundred years it's going to be horrible. People are going to be holding up convenience stores and gas stations so they can go on by marijuana. And then eventually we'll be stable. I was like, just send to your fingers. Sir, are you, are you, are you, we have an conversation. When's the last time you heard of somebody holding up a goddamn convenience store so you get money to buy marijuana? About crack. I'm talking about, we're not talking about, okay. We're talking about marijuana. Okay, so cheap right now, you don't have to do that. Okay, thanks. We'll give us some numbers. Okay. Give us some phone numbers. We got a whole building to supply here. Okay, thank you, sir. Hey, well, there's one of your DEA people calling from Texas allegedly. Oh, my God. I rest my case. Oh, we're going to have 200 years of hell here. Let's get that re-for-madness thing out again. Okay. Crazy people is what we're talking about. What a fix. Let's just be gifted. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh. Hmm. Hmm. But anyway, don't get so kind of upset because like I said before, it's a whole DEA, the whole concept of it. It's another one of those bureaucracies that has to justify its existence. And so as a result, we got assholes like this guy saying all of these things, you know. Here's a tamarack, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Listen, something you just thought you're well ago. I'm a Broward County school teacher. Yes. I will never. I don't care what the state set. I will never post a tank of monuments from my classroom. Never. All the Catholic. Right. But there's something in this country that when this country was founded, called the Constitution. Mm-hmm. That's the separation of church and state. I was watching these two bird brains the other day on CNN, who was it? Ralph Reed and Pat Robertson. Oh, my God. Saying that Jews and mufflings are going to go to hell because they don't believe in Jesus Christ. Can you believe that? Yes, I can. Of course. I think. How? And this country believes in these people. Like this the Asian that Jesus has. Yeah. It's not. I mean, help. Bird brain can be God. I've been doing hundreds of hell here if we had to criminalize marijuana. It's not his education. We're going to have people like just staggering around all over the place. And it's a gateway drug to bigger drug. Right. Right. Like a beer will strike you into booze, right? That's like something that if I eat a can, if I eat a can, a Franco-American spaghetti, I'm going to become a pasta freak. All those wine drinking, Italian, you've been in Italy. Help me. That's in the ocean in the oldest trada because there were drunk. That's correct. You know, the public drunken is so frowned upon and all of Italy. I've never seen anybody staggering around drunk there. And oh, I've been there 60 times. Never seen it once. I mean, I'm American. I feel I'm a, I'm a shame. The new bit to the bird brains in this country. In fact, you know, remember, leave it to Bieber. We got a new show. It's called Leave it to the Bird brains. Yeah. You want to be the new show now. You see what Congress did with the gun control. Yes. It's on the list. They give us the Buffon rule of 130 in a morning. Right about the same time the hockey game ended tonight. Later, they gave it to nobody was watching, right? Thank you. Nobody was watching. That's right. I mean, it's incredible. Okay, I'll see you with your real pot support though. Let me tell you. I'll be the first one in front of the Supreme Court saying to Ben, to 10, come on. Just say no to the 10 commandment. No. Now, I'm going to put something, what I don't only have to have a big sign. That says DNA ton of water. It's good enough. Really? In my classroom, I don't only have Catholics to have Jews. At bufflings too. Well, they're all going to burn and hell anyway. That's right. Okay. I'll see you there. See you later. Bye-bye. See you all in hell, because that's where I'll go and hey, by the way, Pat Robertson, here's a message for you. Go to hell. Yeah. Of course, we got to have the uniforms. We got to have the kids at yesterday, yes sir. I mean, the teacher respect is one thing. Of course, anybody with a brain of views with that because we have like Madness going on in the schools today. But here's another one of the big stories over the weekend. Not nice. She'd come as a great surprise, of course, to all of us. Athletes get a free ride teacher say. Four more are claim grades altered. Isn't this like something new and, oh, yeah. But going on since before, like I said before, Moses was an infant. In the wake of a Harold reports documenting and played a grade to prominent athletes, court and former teachers at Central, New Orleans and Jackson High School, say that F that they assigned a football and basketball players were changed to B. Oh, hey, and F looks a little like a B, you know? There's a service. How do you be? How you be doing? F's were changed to B's because when you're a jockey, don't have to go to class, you go to win surfing maybe once a week. That's about it in between like turning the sprinklers on in the morning. And that's all you got to do. Bunch of hypocrites a bunch of phony baloney, but if we say yes sir and yes man, everything's going to be just funky door. Oh, we're talking. That's the American way. Very simplistic idiotic superficial solutions to otherwise complex. Demanding problems. That's the way to do it. Just like Nancy Reagan said, just say, oh, yeah. Just say no to drugs. Just say no to sex. Just say no to everything. Okay. No to booze. Well, we should have done was just said, Oh, and auntie and Ronnie, that's what we should have done. Just like this other. Yeah, and let me say it again. Here we got this guy. This bush is waiting in the wings. We got the one here in Florida already. Whose wife is this smuggling and all kinds of stuff here. $20,000 flying through a teeth. And they're supposed to set an example. See, I'd rather have a governor just like bubble up there. I'd rather have a governor's getting blow jobs every couple of days. Okay. Then worry about a governor whose wife is trying to avoid paying her fair share, which they got more money than God, by the way, the bush family. They got more money than God. That's for God damn sure. And she don't want to pay her fair share. She's breaking a freaking law, okay. But God forbid, like I said before, if somebody should be bringing an 1.5 ounce from the Netherlands or somewhere else, they're going straight to God damn jail. Probably for like 10 to 15 easy. Here's David, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. You stole a little bit of my funder. I want to dimension about the governor's wife. I read that article this week and sank demonious bitch. I kind of turned in a little late. I know that interesting article I was in the paper. Did you read the thing on the will of fair? Oh, yeah. Oh, that's the little one. I'm so glad you reminded me. Jerry Falwell says the will of fair. Oh, wait. I've got that somewhere. That's a little bit. Whoo. This is a conspiracy of the demons are behind the will of fair. Yes. Oh. I wasn't bad enough that the Tiki Winky turned out to be a faggot, but now we got the will of fairs. A bunch of demons and goblins. Give a women. Oh my God. Thanks for reminding me, sir. I heard you talking about the peace this weekend. The drug problem. Right. I think it was said best when you said that America has lost the role on drugs, but we've never surrendered. Yeah. That's not a good piece. As much as people make fun of us. I'll be over there. Yeah. That's pretty good work. It was great. In closing, I'd like to make a request. Yes, sir. Erection. Okay. Thanks. I owe an Erection. I'm not a kick off my shoes. Drop off my dress. It makes me wet when I see you get a big Erection. That's a great form of my mouth. I want it. Merchants every end on top of you. And take it out my looper. I hated poop too. Reck them. Yes. We have an Erection. Oh, no. I'm not a rat. Hey, I'll be through the wall. Here are E.P.T.I.O.S. I want to drink our ball. I want to laugh and walk the out of me when you do the dirty. And that'll give it a blow. Here's a morning basis. And take it. As we just fill the youth, take up the sum on a record on the surround. You're closing too. And make your wonder for a big club with food. That sum in red. And it's on circle side. E-R-E-C-D-I-O-L-N. I want to drink our ball. I want to know three or five dishes. I'm going to go over some of the food that's been thrown away. I'm going to go over that thing because that's been a lot of time. I got that schedule out. I'll leave you close. Pick at it. We got you mad dog mad at 6 to 10. Yeah. I'm going to have a couple of 10 o'clock. So no ball game today. Oh, thank God for that. How about those marlins, baby? Doing it every day they're doing it. Day after day after day. Here's a thanks by the way. It says, I hope that Jack has caller who doesn't have the guts to respond to you when you ask him about marijuana. It's happy every day when he knows that people like that poor black woman would absolutely no criminal record. Are running in a cell for almost 20 years when she could be a productive member of society. That guy is exactly what's wrong with his country. A brainwashed robot just repeating something he's heard like a good little parrot. I'd like to know if any case in which someone who was high and marijuana went for circumcried to gouges eyes on Robah 711, got into a fight with somebody in a bar. Shot somebody, etc. And so on. I sincerely hope that somebody pants drugs on your ass. And you can rot and jail for a change. We'll all be better off without you. And you also has a thing here about milk. That's right. Milk is a gateway substance. And when you start feeding your kids milk as little children, they're going to start becoming hooked on God damn dairy. Right. All their lives are going to be going around. Spit it all at God damn heavy flim up because when you eat a lot of dairy, nonstop plums we'd already put it at right now. Gateway drug. See these are the kinds of cliches that America loves, the kind of mindless horse crap rhetoric stupid idiotically shades. Oh, if you have a, you know, it gets good curre nation back. So she can break a bottle over your God damn head sur. Because let's face it anybody that takes a drink of a beer, a sip, a goddamn martini is going to become a raving out of control alcoholic. Running out there in his car just killing people left and right. Anybody that even even in hails like I mean, God, that Bubba didn't inhale. We'd have already been dropping nuclear weapons all over the world if he wouldn't hail one puff. God, what kind of invicels are we talking about? A country that refuses to grow up. How many times have I told you that? And by the way, you know, something I thought about it during a break in a white dollar span, I'd say I'll take it to you. You're right about that, but I'm not. And the fact that I was rooting for Buffalo that makes me even more pissed off, but if you're going to decide a championship, don't do it on a bogus call like that. How many times have I been holding just have a toll in the creeds? Happiest skaters in the crease that piece of crap bread hall. Okay, can't stand them. You play till one thirty in the fricking morning and you let's think if decided on a bogus call, go. Nice going, Gary. I would say send them back to Cornell, but I found out that they won't take them. 560, 5050, 5060 on the mobile one line. Here's Hialia, hello. Body, come. Okay, thank you. That's his weekly contribution of the show. Here's a pay phone in Miami Beach, hello. That was a very weak one, two yes sir. Yes, come on in, you know. Are you aware of the pay of history of Columbia Bush's family as far as the Columbia? Is that an organt? Columbia. How come it's filled with no eyes as Columbia? Columbia, okay. Anyway, Columbia. Why don't we just refer to her from here on in, you know, as a f***ing bitch. I would make it easier. But is there any way that the her family was caught laundering drug money to Costa Rica years ago? Yeah. I don't know if you're familiar with it or not. All right. Some of you listeners might be, well, some maybe it runs in a family, small room stuff in. Right. But I've ran with the crap that you bought in Paris that you don't want to pay you in for duty on. Anyway, it was a number of years ago. I remember hearing about that and I just wanted to bring that to attention. Yeah. And there might be some more, for it. And D pills are, you know, some follow up on that too. Well, what's there is going to make? Well, just, well, nobody cares about that. Stop nobody cared in the first place when this guy four years ago ran as a goody two shoes as a pawn of the religious right. And now all of a sudden we're supposed to believe that he changed his spot like a goddamn leopard. Right. No, it's just, you know, it's whatever somebody's exposed to, you know, like that. It's, you know, it's just kind of a work to general public about that, you know, but I don't see anybody that's worked here. I don't know. It seems to give a crap. I don't want any other. Well, you're, you're, you're the only one who cares. Yeah, what? And what are the things? I think I'm going to make a rule change in the, the hockey next year about the, Yeah, but two lights for this year. I understand. I know it's too late. Anyhow, nice talking to you. And have a great day. Only the National hockey league, like I said, whatever championship decided on a bogus cool, nice going Gary. You little asshole you. No, we don't have any outrage about that. The probably, you know, they're more conservative studies going out there and smoking a little bit of weed. That's evil. But if the governor's wife is trying to smuggle in about then lying about it, that's the best part. She gets caught with her gun day of pantalones now and she lies about it. It makes a bulk kinds of stories. How come harasses and then jail by the way? She lied and said that this was the, the receipts that they found were for old purchases. Then they go through her luggage and find out that it's not for old purchases. That the stuff is in there. And she has to pay a $4,100 civil fine. How about how about attempting a smuggle of stuff and put her ass in jail? I say, let the two black women out there run the goddamn horror show and NBC lies. Let them out of jail and put the governor's wife in it. Is what I say. How do you like that? Yeah. Let's take a pull on that. Let's put the fucking bitch right in there behind bars where she belongs. St. Demonius, like I said before, hypocritical assholes and they're the ones that are running the country where everybody else is out there playing Majong. That's the problem. They're playing shuffleboard and Majong down here. And the rest of the country are too busy trying to find a good weed. I see if they would decriminalize it and they could go out of the cannabis kind of stores like they have an Amsterdam. They're walking and, you know, or they go into the neighborhood cafe and they're a little brown cafe. Yeah, that one. And that's it. No big song and a dance. They give them a little menu. What's the son of a man you did that? Here you go. You know what I'm talking about? You're not here. Why do I speak to those Jamaicans? Wow, I read something yesterday. I don't want to get our Jamaican friends upset the boy. I know that the Lord even loves New Rogers. This is Robert St. One of the most best unsolved mysteries of our time. Namely, who and what? This thing they call the Will of Fair. What's with the name? Where does it come from? It's the actually a fair of this group. You know, Roger Gaines and a prize for the largest water. Will on this case, maybe the largest milk. So, no. I recently visited the Will of Fair and couldn't find a single fair swim. Not even a single sheep's sharing contest or homemade apple pie. And who is this elusive Will of it? The only love a scientist can come up with is the old TV series The Monsters. Could she be part of this fair? And if so, where are the rest of the monsters? Get me in her mental festests. After some intense investigation, appears that the Will of Fair is not a fair at all. A bunch of screaming women trying to form a singing group. Except that none of them stay on the group long enough to make it work. So, to revolve in door of different women getting together from town to town to try to get it right. Jesus, what's wrong? Don't they pay enough for the conditions too bad to stay for longer than a gig? A ton of who this man is worse than being hellin'. Question remains, whatever happened in a stable woman singing band. Like Diana Watson, the Centrey, the Sherel, the four of the sisters. What a no-no-no-no religious band. Sister Hazel, she sounds pretty nice. This note from Mrs. Stack regarding the Will of Fair. Do you think the lines for the ladies' room and a regular concert along? Try the Will of Fair. Every door she hits at employees' own. Everyone! Cheddo Sebastian, find for a job! Somebody has an answer. Who advice them? Help is women can get their acts together. Call me hero amongst some mysteries. It's a goddamn conspiracy, baby. The feeling that the witches and the cobbles of the devil just asked Jerry, he'll tell you. Oh! 1115 at 5. So if you think out of these religious people aren't like you into a lot of boo-doo and superstition and hockess Pocus? Because like in a radio, we do a lot of hockess pocus groups. Here's a call from Dallas. It's been on there for a long time waiting to glow. Hello? I'll take it too. Yeah. Sorry, I just wanted to call him. Paul just for that game. Yeah, it was bad. Well, you know, we had a great series going on. We haven't seen it in like this. I mean, what's the point of playing for like 4.5 hours when you're going to end a goal on a game on a goal that shouldn't account it? Shouldn't account it. We feel bad. That's no you don't. For hate's calling on and on and on. Right, huh? Uh, no, no. I'm always be tainted. There always be an actress next to it in the record books and greasy goal. I'd like to put everybody back on the ice and gone back and continue to gain. Because that was unfair. I think they should do that. I think you could go back to Buffalo tonight. Finish the game play as long as they have to until somebody scores. And then if Buffalo does win and still come up again, seven and Dallas tomorrow. Exactly. We'd like to see that. I want to see seven games. I'm not, uh, not slushy. You got their past office ice, you know? Well, they put some new coolers in to keep the hot air out, but that's really not helping. No. That just wanted to kind of apologize for that one and actually feel a little bit better. Maybe San Antonio's stomping next. And maybe that one will be fair and thanks to the last one the one. Okay. Have a great time, pal. Thank you. Okay. I'm not going to be wanted about because I don't do I keep a crap about the next. No, about San Antonio. Oh, about it's going to go a sweet. No, care couldn't care less. That's full ball. That's for the dark folks. Okay. They got to have their thing. 560, 0560, pound five 60 on the AT&T waters line. Speaking of the dark folks athletes and I'm sure not all of them were dark, but some of them may have been get a free ride. Going back to that great story again. Does anybody care about that? It's been going on for a long time. Goes on college goes on in high school. Pretty soon. It's going to be going on elementary school. I'd say I caught 12 grade changes over the past eight years. As the year says Mike Banzo 34, who taught health and lifestyle management. Health and lifestyle management. That's like win surfing at Northern Jackson before resigning in 1998 to go on a one year sabbatical. He said, I'm going to student athlete and F or D in miraculously. A C rugby would appear on a pork car. It's like a miracle. I'm actually like you went ahead something to do with that. You see, if you just believe in the Lord, that after ends into a beat. Oh, my. Because the Lord works in the serious way is the Lord likes the student athletes, especially the athlete part. You don't care so much about the student part. He likes the job part. The Lord is a jox niffer. All right. That's why I need locker rooms always painted the Lord. Or like Chris Antley said, if God would want it as to win today. Five six. Good one. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. And what do I tell you about the government's wife? Does anybody care about this? Oh, I won't go ahead. That's to the people ought to be up at arms about this. They don't care. They couldn't give a crap less. Here's a mobile in West Palm. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How's your weekend? Great. Good one. Great. Listen, oh, that was a fast when you pulled on everybody Friday. That was a good one. What do you mean by that? You never said you were leaving it. I don't say that. Why should I say I'm going to be leaving it 12 30? Because then there might be a few people out there that don't want to give Georgia chance that he didn't like poison because. Oh, it's great. Because they think he's going to come on here and rip his mother in an ass, which he did. You know, so why should I promote it? It's like holding up a flag, you know? I know. It was great. That's what I'm in. That's the way I like to do it. Yeah, it first of all, that Jerry Farwell, he's an asshole. Second of all, you had spoke about a study that some college had done a couple months ago that Merra wanted to not lead to harder drugs. Right. I don't remember what school I was going to back here somewhere. Right. You know, I mean, he's a gateway drug. Don't you understand it's a gateway drug. People are going to be going crazy. They're going to be doing cocaine. They're going to be doing heroin. It's going to be through the glue. It's like the one guy called Irly and said the guy's just a robot. Man, he just goes by whatever the government tells us. They're all I can tell you. He's a total absolute asshole. Yeah, he doesn't want to know. He's working for that bureaucracy, which like I said before, they have to pray that the stuff keeps on coming in because it's selling, you know, it tastes self-sustaining thing. They have to continue, you know, justifying their ongoing existence. Right. And as far as the governor's wife, man, I mean, that's just, if that was you or me, we would've been like, we'll straight to jail. Straight to jail, man. That's BS. That's right. That's just to be in jail right now. Two other things. And a people on this state don't care. How do you like that? They're worried about public getting a couple of blind jobs on the side, which is his business. It doesn't affect anybody else in any way shape or form. But here's a woman who's the wife of the governor of this state. And they can and is more realistic, holier. Good at two shoes. Holier than now, bull crap, but there's, and she's trying to smuggle in 20 grand and line through a teeth. I know, man, like I said, if it was you or me, we would've covered it. If you were in perfume down at bitch. Right. We would've been in jail with the two black girls. That's why I show off time. Wasn't bad. The one who wrote the dead. Wasn't bad. That's a great show. He's ever done in his life. It goes to show it like I said, if you do 50,000 shows, eventually you'll do a good one. Yeah, was a shame. Yeah, was a shame. I'm glad you guys that on this station. Was ashamed that the drugs are sitting there saying that all this money that they spend for go fast boats and all that, but not one. He's he was saying 50% and it was way less than 50% of their spending on people who who want to break the habit of heroin and all that other stuff. And this people waiting for beds and they just basically tell me, come back in six weeks. Right. And then we want to kid on the skateboard that's going out and making another crime. You know, two things. And because of all that stuff, can we hear the thing about, can we hear a Duane stop about alcohol? No. Okay. That's cool. And clothing, Wayne is a big black guy and he's a douchebag. Okay. Thanks. And you're welcome. 560, I'd like to see some passion out of these people. I'd like to see the people getting pissed off in the governor's life. Didn't this guy get elected based on his moralistic who all is bull crap? And are going to be worried about education. That's a good example by the way for the youngsters in this state. And while they're worried about Tom women, what to do with their bodies. And all these two life license plates that they're going to be making this fall. And probably, you know, saying, take up for the abortion clinic. Can't mind around God damn business, but when it comes to their own business, they just can't clean up their act. Can't clean up their act. They should be like on a front page. They should be a major, major scandal. And instead, you got to like somebody had a fact this to me because I was out of town on Saturday. It's probably like, very, very who the hell knows where. First lady declined a chance to amend declaration. So wasn't bad enough she lied in a first chance, but then when they gave her an opportunity to say, Now, you sure about this? Maybe you forgot about all this stuff that your suitcases are loaded with. Who is we found all these receipts for this crap that you bought? Oh, no, she lied about that too. That was on some of my previous trips, which got only noticed by the way, how much she smuggled in on those trips that she didn't pay in for duty on. God. Like I said before, all you young people out there that kids are out of school for how many young people listening just remember that people who screamed allowed is to want to make the most noise about being goodly too shoes and better than all arrest of us. Those are the people you better look out for. Better hide your candy in your goddamn marbles in your pennies when you see those to your piggy bank because when those people capture are coming you got real problems. Here's a. What's Palm Beach? Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. My name is Chris Nielsen and I'm HIV positive. Yes, and I'm living proof to marijuana works. Right. I've been HIV positive since I'm 12. Right now I'm 25. Incredible. And I've been smoking since I was 16 and it helps out a great deal. Right. With the eating and everything and I can't believe these these asshole who. And it's a devil drug and it and leads to other things. Yeah, reformedness, baby. If that were true, then all the old foot, all the old hippies should be rockets by now. Right. That's right. Oh, God. Have a good day. Okay. Good luck Chris. And there look what it did for Dan Quayla. Oh, that's pop that he was smoking. I got that guy locked up in jail and Texas somewhere that they are trying to keep his quiet as possible. I hope maybe he'll cork someday real soon before all the work gets out about the. Special now the Danny boys running for persons again. Oh, my god. Five, six, seven. And of course, blah, blah, blah. Well, I tried it once but I didn't inhale. Right. I didn't inhale my fat ass. Okay. But these are the kinds of lies because the American public too immature to deal with the truth because they've been sufficiently brainwashed. You almost get to feeling like just like clockwork horns. They've all been sat down in a big gigantic movie theater and had the toothpicks stuck at their eyelids to make sure that they keep their eyes open long enough to watch reform madness over and over and over again. All these things that go on like in civilized and civilized work, which I keep trying to tell you about. And this D.E.A. guy. Oh, yeah, but how long have they been doing this for forever and ever? But we'd have to go through 200 years of hell here first. Well, thank God that we don't have any of that going on now that nobody is smoking weed in this country yet. So if they ever get the idea, here's West Palm Beach, shallow. How you doing? Pretty good sir. Well, you know, you're talking about Bush. You know what happened? How many people do you know can pay $4,000 right there for nine of check? That's why she didn't get locked up. Because they got more money than God and that's the point she's trying to say if she's trying to cheat the guy named government or the money that she's supposed to pay on the import duties and she can afford to pay the $4,100 grant because they've got more money than Jesus and Moses. That's right. She pays $4,000. There are numbers too. The referees in the hockey game. You can find out who they're betting. That's how you know who's going to win. They bet the game. They're literally there. You mean beans. They got to make a bet. Okay. Well, call up any cable. Find out tonight where they're betting. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. And of course, the people listen to this radio station. This like when a big scandal with Miami high came down with a bank's football. And there are all these people calling it. Oh, you know, these poor kids. You're going to destroy their careers. Well, what is that all about? Destroy their careers. Like when that girl up in Paparoba, you know, when I hit and run the thing that they did there, oh, you know, she was a promising student athlete. How about the person that she killed. Yes. How come I can't hear what you're saying? They still get recruiting good at major universities. The ones from the Miami high basketball team. Yeah. It's a spending. They still got recruited. Oh, thank God. We didn't screw up their careers. Oh, I feel better now. Oh, thank God. Because the last thing we want to do is screw up some student athlete. Okay. That's the mentality of the jobs that prisoners got in town in this country. Because that's the important stuff. If somebody were in a jockstrap, that's the important stuff in America, right? Getting the goddamn education, having a brain larger than a goddamn, uh, your toenail. That's not important. And we just can't figure out why all this crap is going down. Can we? Can't wait for that George Foreman, a Tyson fly, huh? Can't wait for that. I bet you George hits him over and headward one of his goddamn leeming grill and machine. That's gone, George. There you go. Chop is guy damn ear off with your leeming grill and machine. Oh! And you know something? Some of you assholes out there. You're going to pay to watch it. That's the best part. That's the part I love. The only sister though. And you will. You'll pay to watch it. If my tensor on there fighting the Taco Bell Chihuahua, there are guys out there that will pay to watch it. Oh, my God. You. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was more than, among this dream it was a false sea, and she told me when I was so intrigued. I see you don't want to in this journey is enthringeneless and they'll go. I sat in the garden nice and seen some beautiful stories about your thoughts. Being cathed by sweet distrust turns out that there ain't a very old ant that we've filled with. Yes. Usually we can go and go. Mother well, we still meet the devil to do. Don't let your career head for a fall. Yes. And mother well, we still meet my goal you set it down. And of all the chats you can't see on the way this one of all. And she was like, I'm on a... Get just a go and set up our dear love. But here's what I'm from your train, son. We're on a land of people. Okay, it's all in the 32 of the 560 WQA. So anyway, here's a fact from somebody that's pissed off by the way. It's about time we got some passions and emotional abuse banter. It's a downright admissions boistery attempt to smuggle goods in without paying duty. She lied to a federal officer when she said the receipts were all, which is also a federal crime. But choose life right. How about telling the truth you f***ing and then of course it's got the CU ward, which we see the next time. All right, there you go whoever sent this. Also by the way, in case you weren't impressed enough by the Haraldopiece last night, if you missed this, 2020, with the I can't speak 5 words the way it's supposed to be spoken by our Walters. 2020 and ABC last night had another great religious segment about that couple. Anybody see that? No, who were starving their baby to death because the father, the young guy who's the Chris, whatever whatever his name was, they're crazy people. Religious fanatics. All of the scriptures say to each spend all his time on the internet and as a result, they wouldn't feed the baby any meat. They wouldn't feed the baby any protein and the baby's like, I forget how 18 months old and it's always like about two ounces. And they had a chase them down and try to take the baby away and then they came and stole the baby out of the hospital and it make a long story short the government took their kids away. Crazy crazy religious fanatics. I mean the ward by itself fanatic. You get a religious fanatic, you do know what a crazy person. I'm talking about. And that is if that weren't good enough, when I finish watching that segment, I turn over to CNN and they're doing this millennium thing, you know, this, which is pretty interesting stuff. And they just happen to be on a gym, John stuff at that point. Jones town. Anybody want some cool aid? Oh, yeah, there you go. But I know it's only me. I'm just a trouble maker. I know that. Our letter to the editor and by the way, our friend at Total Floring who's a chronic factor. I already had this clip out. Okay, my friend, but thank you so much for facting it to us 800 times. Letter to the editor by Paul Viscobitch, Jr. and Weston in the paper this morning says, the philosopher Nietzsche might have had the right of the writer of the letter. God didn't help students to come by high in mind when he noted in the beginning God created man in his own image and ever since man has returned to compliment. An expectation that God should act as we want him, presumed he should be as wise as we are. Okay? But who are we to second guess the architect of the universe, the intelligence behind a law of science and mathematics and the creator of the cockroaches and the mosquitoes? Sometimes his actions don't make sense to us, but does this mean that he, with the capital H's bad or not existent? My Christian mother once explained to me that God wishes you this, the God's plan is like a complex tapestry he is weaving. What we see from the underside is incomplete and indistinct, but what he sees from his bad is point is marvelous in its beauty and perfection. If all his kids that got blown away, it was beautiful from his side, you know. The writer applies that God doesn't exist because he didn't intervene at Colomboin High as the writer wished him to. This denial of a supreme intelligence is as greatly perfeith as the belief that there is a God. Instead of giving up that, that would be like my sin that if you tell me there's 50,000 illegal aliens in the room right across to the window for me there, that if you tell me that, it just as much of a leap of faith or might as well say that they're not there, then Paul goes on to say, And wait till you hear this, instead of giving up this God concept, we should start caring about our fellow human beings to include the tolerance of their faith, even when it differs from our own. When that kind of start, is that going to start any time soon? No. And as far as caring about our fellow human beings, do we need a God bull crap to do that? No. And he's fairy tale, bubble micees, goblin, angel, no. Purgatory? No. The brain washed masses are asses, baby. Don't ever forget it. That's my best lesson, all you young people out there, number one, DNA's do no harm. That's all you need to know. It doesn't cost you a dime to join. And number two, the masses are asses. Just talking to Ronald this weekend, just the area where we get every major city in the country, you walk a downtown. Here are crazy people handing out religious pamphlets on three corners. Oh Jesus, this is coming. Jesus, this is coming. Scored score it all over the place. Get a mop. Crazy people. I mean, just look at them. They're like, yeah, exactly like that. Crazy people like that, Columbus Bush, you know. I just can't stand that so much. Yeah, neither. Here's four lotterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. My name is Jim Cox. I'm a prominent Catholic. And I want to know why. Well, what does that mean? You're a prominent Catholic. What does that mean? What does that mean? Yeah. That means I'm a prominent member of the Catholic Church. And I thought, well, what is a prominent member? Is that like, as opposed to your ordinary pedestrian member of the Catholic Church? I come to church. I go to church every Sunday. I've been up. You know, I was raised as a good Catholic. We've been up. Were you bent down? I've been up. You've been raised as a good Catholic. Yeah, I'd like to father or two, make sure you're been up. But anyway, go ahead. I was raised as a good Catholic. And I, I stumbled upon the station. And I can't believe they actually that this on the air. Why is that? Think about. Why is that? Why is that? What am I speaking about that you don't like? You speak against God. Oh, so in other words, if I speak something that you don't believe, you can't believe it's on the air. You sound like some kind of a fascist to me. You have any concept of what your government is all about about freedom of speech? Yeah, but you don't need to be thinking about these kinds of things. Sir, I, I have a big, I don't speak about whatever I want to speak. How do you like that without your permission? I don't need you to call me and tell me what I should be speaking about. How do you like that? The young youth doesn't deserve to hear this. The young youth, how about the old youth? How about the young youth here in both sides? Also, I didn't make it up to Rome. I didn't like that, do it because you like to brainwash them. Don't you, sir? Brainwash, no one is giving people a chance. It's giving people a chance. They are a bunch of bubble micees in fairy tales. You can brainwash them and they can go out and keep reproducing like rabbits. Okay? And shooting abortion doctors. Isn't that what you want? No, I, what do you want? What do I want? I want peace and happiness on the surface. Yeah, well, I'm not going to be everybody. Okay, leave everybody alone. Cut the crap. He's a very prominent Catholic. There's no fact in the church. Well, we know that. Here's a fact that says, sorry. I'm talking about their hurricanes. When you're talking about the stars game, but I can't go over it. What do you think about the canes? Do I think about the canes? No, they're ugly. So I can't tell you about the canes. Okay? Nice going Jim Morris. Great. The atmosphere out there. Very collegiate, which is the way it's supposed to be. Here we go. Hurricane. There we go. You know, see, that's a college thing. If you want to do that, a college game. Your high school gives. Don't go to professional sporting events and go. Here we go. You know, whatever the team is. When I hear that, I know I'm dealing with a town where nothing but can do that. Okay. I'm trying to think of different sports venues of major league sporting events where you hear people go. Here we go. Yeah, card. No, I mean, come on. Come on. Grow up. I could just hear into Ronald out the Urcan of the center. Here we go. Maple Leaf. Here we go. Can you imagine that? No. Even at the macaruna. Are they going to tear we go? Panthers. No, they're not doing it. They're not doing it. So all you people want to feel better about yourselves because you have a lot of people who are going to be in the ball game. Great. Nice. But there's one thing I want to remind you though before you get too carried away. Okay. All right. Okay. Go. Anybody have a heart or a liver? Here. Here. Where when you go to Malawau every time you ask to use the tone and listen to you. And that's fine. But when you're going to do it for you. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. And then you have an emotional heart. Here's Hialia. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I have to follow that prominent Catholic. He's a very prominent Catholic. Right. That is named. Is that scarier is it me? That you shouldn't be on the radio. Yeah. He can't. I get so much of that. I can't believe what I'm hearing. Well if you don't like it turn it off. If you're too much of an emotional cripple. Go, well, you know, find, go rub your rosary beads or something. Get out of my face. Go say a few dozen Hail Mary's. Yeah. Listen. I'm a paper today of that goal. He wasn't a crease wasn't he? Yes he was. You're answering me like it's debatable. Of course not. I'm a crease. How long I'm going to have this idiot as a commissioner of hockey until somebody rises up. Didn't the favors get screwed last year on a goal like that in a game? Yeah. Geez. Yeah. Jesus. That's terrible. I feel like I've been cheated of at least two or three hours of my life. In fact, the whole five hours that I invested watching from the pregame at 730 on a 30 until 130 that six hours of my life, I feel I had ripped off watching a first. I mean, what's the point? If you're not going to stick to the rules, what's the point you've been playing a goddamn game? That's terrible. What are our chances this year of maybe getting a linty rough back with a panther? Yeah. Okay. Why do one of the people say these things? Why do they do? Yeah. We're going to get a linty rough back and then we're going to get a race shepherd's going to back and stew bars. And by the way for that jackass that call Hank two weeks ago. Another one of those hockey experts here in South Florida about two barns. Stew barns not only played a great game against Saturday night, but Stew barns scored their only goal. That's the only reason they played the one 30 tomorrow was because Stew barns got that goal. And one of what seven goals in a playoffs, not two like this jackass said. You know what I'm talking about, Hank? I think he ought to stick to the static calling and show. Yeah, it was pathetic. 560, 560, 550. See, this is your misinformation station. Thank God we don't care. Because all you do is we got a telephone, you know, and people call up into the Beth Beth. I thought you know, talk is cheap and they're here to prove it. Talk and all the crap that they have gotten a lie to you and for this last guy. Yeah, we're getting linty rough back. Not. And we're getting Marty Strockaback. Not. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Nobody cares about the, you know, athletes in the Stokehull, and they're getting their grades from a Beth to a B. Nobody cares about that. Certainly nobody cares about the fact that the governor is wife. The governor who is elected based on being so much better than all of us being a Holy God fearing. Goody two shoes. No good rotten. Whatever it is, fascist piece of third. And his wife decides that he's above the law. And at not only she above the law, but when she gets caught with her guy, they Imperfumed. She's going to lie about it and compound the crime. And still binds a pain 41. A box of walks away. Scott free. How do you like that? I just can't stand that. Scott. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Hello, New. Yes sir. I want to just give a shout out to that predominant Catholic guy. The prominent Catholic, you know. He's listening and he's watching. I bet he got a great weekend. Had a hand down some ghost shirt. Maybe you can go to pregnant. Maybe you had a guy. I'll hand down some guys pants. Who the hell are those? That's that. Maybe he had his hand on father's old tool. More power to him, you know. And for the dope smoking. Can't live with it. Can't live without it. But it's in the air. Something's too. Can't do anything about it. Okay. I'll see you Mexico. This guy. He's a see it on over at the E.A. guy. Right at the border. Okay. I'll see you south of the border. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. I'm going to tell you something. This is the goddamn truth. The people are even forgetting about the religious notes. I haven't scream about that for a hundred years. And I'll never stop. But even beyond that. I'll tell you something. Well, those people are crazier than a religious fanatics. They're the craziest of them all. And unfortunately, this country is dominated by that. That's that's why we need you know who we need. We need Jesse the body. Jesse the body. We can't afford to wait another four years. Forget about Al Gore. Forget about George Bush. The last thing we need is more bush. We need Jesse the body in there. Right now. We don't need wooden Al Gore. We've got a personality like a guy. Damn dead man. Like a cigarster Indian. And we certainly don't need any more bush. That's right. We need Jesse the body for president right now. Who would have started National Graph Campaign. Here's the guy. The criminalized marijuana. Stop it all. A bullcraft. Keep religion out of the guy. The end government. Here's the guy knows what side is bread is butterned on. Got a guy to have a brain. And admits that he's a screw to on more than a bubble and girl. And all of them put together in his happy about it. That's what we need here. That's the problem. Is all your guy to have politicians or in snatch. All brother. By the way, the rumor is, you know, half said that he might run wouldn't that be a great ticket. He could be George Bush's vice president as a candidate. Then we could have Bush and snatch. How do you like that? Yeah. Orange and snatch runs with George W. Bush Jr. Bush and snatch, baby. Go over a bigger than that guy than Brittany Spears. I'll tell you that right now. Or maybe just stick her like in the middle. Here's the girl's brain. Hello. Yes sir. You know, the government is wife lies. Okay. Then I guess the governor lies and that means the good George W. Walk a walk of Bush lies. Yeah. I mean, does it mean that the new Bush didn't lie about that bank deal, you know? Yeah. The worst thing they did on Potter was I drove the speed limit on 95 once. That was about it. The worst thing. You know, there was a kid. The genius kid last night on TV. Oh, you were the one driving the speed limit. That's the only one pot. It was a genius kid on TV last night. I don't know if you saw it. He's like 12 years old. He's finished with college. I'll hold that. No. And he's going to go through 24 years of more schooling. There were national officers. Oh, yeah. But if he watches a movie and already did movie that has three. He goes straight down on a probably go on and starts shooting up his class and Rob and got him 7-11. No, he said it watches a movie that has three curse words in it. He says that he leaves the room and shuts the movie and won't watch it. And they asked them why and he said because that's a blessed event. To leave. So he no matter how smart he is. The one thing they say somehow got in his brain. Very sad. Yeah. So you're late. Thanks to the bad news. I thought there was a good story coming there. Another one of those brainwashed little punks. Oh, it's a blessed event. No calls about that. It's through at 2020 or Bob was said 20, 20 last night. This crazy young guy. And of course those are the people that are reproducing. That's right. It wasn't bad enough they were starving the first kid to death. But then they were out there hiding from the guy named cops and she gave birth in the car to their second young kid. What a story that was. Because the Lord says you can't eat meat and you can't do the. And then he tells them when they were running from the cops, he shot a couple of squirrels. And Lynn Shierer who was doing the interview. She says, well, did you eat them and feed them to your kid? Oh, yeah. Well, you know, well, you got to do what you got to do. You got to survive. So even though they're the excuse was that they had to keep their kid pure and holy by not feeding him any meat or meat products, which is why the kid weighed about four ounces. When it was convenient and they were running from the police and breaking the law, then it was okay to feed them a little squirrel. Scorley was the operative word for that couple. I'll tell you right now, and him especially sitting there 24 hours a day right now is scriptural crap. I mean, this is a guy. He should he should follow report. Stolen brain. Do you know how many millions of people in this country should be filing a guy and criminal report for having their brain stolen? We got to have a guy named search party going on right now to see if we can find a brain that have been stolen from millions of people in this society, including that little kid that this guy was just talking about. And keep in mind, there's all kinds of intelligence, you know, there's book learning, there's an In fact, just go watch Rain Man if you don't believe that. But he's a very good driver. Even though he does go to Cincinnati by his guy there, I'm underware, nevertheless he's a very good driver. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, sir. Full play today. Hey, don't. Great. I did watch the guy. I got a full play in lunch, you didn't even hear yet. Go ahead. Thanks, too. If the first thing out of his mouth, lots of yesterday, I think one of the tournaments. They didn't say I've got things, did he? I want to thank the Lord. Oh, no, God damn it. Because without him, I wouldn't have been here. Yeah, God was betting on golf. Is that actually how desperate it is? God's betting on golf tournaments now. What's that all about? I bet the Lord was watching the column line. Yeah, exactly. Hmm. She didn't know that. Like I said, that's why the kids got shot there because they were praying to God, including that one girl that they made into a mortar now. They were praying, but he's busy betting on golf tournaments. You know, the pot thing. I hope that the EPA agent glistened. I'm a married guy, two kids, 35 years old. And I smoke weed. Yeah. It's so big deal. It's no gateway because I've never done coke and never done crack. And I have no desire. Oh, yeah, but you just wait man, one more hit. That's going to put you right over to you. That's what this guy's saying. It's a gateway drug. I'm just, I can't stand those people who use these cliches. Everything is a gateway to something worse. You know, it's the company line. And I do it. I don't do it around my kids. You know, it relaxes me. It's good before bogging. Yeah, I'm on. Yeah, I don't go around. You know, something I'm going to tell you of John Henry wants to fill up that ball that ball part to rest of the season. They couldn't. They came when a fixed game in the Marlins. They lost six in a row again. They're 21 games under 500. They're not going to be drawn flies in the June July and August. He wants to fill up that place free weed for everybody. Okay. I'm there. I'll see you at the ballpark. All right. I'm telling you, they got to rest of the week. They're on the road. And he ought to be thinking about this very seriously. Oh, but it's a family thing. Okay. Well, just a little, a little numbers for the kids. Okay. Just real small ones. Yeah, I know. Don't start. I would love to talk. Okay. They'll be raiding this building before going to clock. If they knew that our guide damn program directors both of my all three of my think Bob McCay. That's what made us here. Oh, fall out. Too much bad weed. Oh, yeah. You know those country shot kickers, baby. Oh, they're puffin' on it. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I'm on. All the time. They don't, they forget to wipe the off it. But they don't care. In fact, in some cases, could only improve that aroma. Don't like the smell of weed. I hate to break the news. Yeah, I mean, I don't mind if you want to smoke that. Don't like the smell. Mm-hmm. In fact, when you walk in a street to Amsterdam, you know, like down there, you're a rude of gasoline, some of those streets. And you're really not sure is it the weed from the, uh, have phased that's come out here or is it the, all the dog crap in the streets. It kind of, uh, a combination of those aromas, you know. Plus maybe a couple of guys who took a leak in the street. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's been through the sea hole watching Mom and Dad. He's been through the sea hole. The most we ever had. Mom and Dad were playing text. My pair on the bed. Mommy was so boldy. Had the pillow board daddy's had. Mommy, 10 was stopping. Geo almost got whipped rash. I don't know what she was drinking, but you've got a note mustache. It's been through the heat hole. And show what I see. But I sure do like you are and say they like TV. Mom and Dad were hooked together. Like my Lincoln wand. What a sign-like book something like that. Mom went to yell at the doors. Dad was breathing heavy. Mom was on her knees. You have been caught up with a bull-cross. She just went and were thinking. She's been through the sea hole. Watching Mom and Dad. He's been through the sea hole. The most we ever had. When we watched those little wander. The nice body could get sick. If daddy's name is Albert. Why mom asked for dick. Daddy growned his eyes. Go back. Mommy, will you let that work? She's going back on top of the sim. But oh, he did was huge. We've been through the heat hole. I've been many cats. I can't wait to drive in. I'm done throwing my class. I can't wait to drive in. I'm done throwing my class. Too many fans doing it. 5.50 W2M. How big are you? I can't believe this is on here. I just don't know if my favorite colors. The ones that call and the course most of it that's put on anyway. Not full of meat, pal. I prominent Catholic friend. You're not full of meat. It's probably father's tool. I don't know if you're going to be able to do that. And especially with a kid's out of school, this is the best time. This is the time you ought to strap all your kids in and cheer. Turn around. We allowed enforcement to listen to four hours of reality. Maybe if they're emotional, cripples. Maybe have to break it in short. Even though maybe on the hour day. The first week. The break into them that they've been lied to all their lives. Most of life in America is a bunch of bull crap. I've gotten hurt this the right. I'll be not a town for the weekend. I needless to say, didn't make it all the way up across the border. But I'm so grateful and so glad that I got this in my hand right now. And a story too. I'm framing it. I'm saving this. Because this is so typical. Just like that minister over there. What that was his name. The one that went to jail for about 500 years. Lyons over there in Tampa. That defrauded the church from all those hundreds of thousand Henry Lyons. I'd go on Henry. I'll be first to those. Yeah, sure. Not to mention Jim Baker. See there. There are whole segment of people in this country that want to be ripped off. They want to be raped. They want to be alive. Do they want to be a cond. They're like into the ex-denenting on the inside. And believe me, they're never disappointed. Has always told me they're to do it. 560505050 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile on a turnpike. Hello. You got. Yes, sir. Hey, listen. I'm on the Florida third-pike. I got a 12-foot-year-old strapped my truck and after 10 years, I'm getting the hell out of Florida. All right. Yeah, I just want to take a bite. Thanks. Well, catch on the net. Hey, listen. You know, I was a cop. Some of the years I just left last month. Right. Got the scuffs because I wrong people were getting put in jail. But at the third-at-time I arrested a lot of violent criminals, but never once did they say the weed made him do it. How do you like that? Yeah. So, but that's not it. But the public Catholics and the rest of those religious fanatics, they want to take a bullet for Jesus. I don't think that's a good one. I'm going to take a bite with me. Okay. A good luck, pal. Thank you. If anybody out there wants to take a little order, go right ahead. Okay. Will a pass. We'll take a pass this week. And all the doctors are abortion clinics and 10-parent or clinics. Yeah. We'll pass. El Paso for the guy in Texas. 5-6705-60, 5-60, 5-60, on a mobile one line. Nobody saw that 2020 piece about those parents who are starving that kid because they're religious. Not last night. Anybody see that? No. And I had like two or three people that saw the Harald O'Peace on the so-called drug war. It sounds so good. It sounds so American like Mom and Apple Pie. It's an over those things that are just, how can you possibly say no to the war on drugs. It sounds so patriotic. Way of that flag. Come on. Get out that six-year-old. Here you go. Man. How can you be against that? Here's a mobile and color-rated, Jello. Neal. Yes, sir. You get idiots. They call all the time. But because he idiots that pretend they're intellectuals. Yes. John Kennedy was a prominent Catholic. You know, my ass was your remedy. So it was done, so it was done, Carlione, two by the way. Exactly. My ass sticks out. So it's prominent. I mean, Jesus. Again, you know, with the, you know, Louis times down. You know, he's down. Listen to Neil, I guess, he's going to turn me into a flame and, you know, what? You know, I mean, a flame queen, right? Exactly. Listen, for good old times, they can, for Kelly Mitchell, who seems to be following in her footsteps. Leather, who's an actor with a whip? Yeah. Please. All right, Kelly Mitchell got a leather under the desk now. Haven't you seen her? I don't know. I watch, Hamilton. Oh, man, she's like, ambitious, is taking over her body. I mean, she's giving me a stronger, but you're a little bit till. Oh, man. Nothing should be hanging out with Sandy Peyton before you know it. Oh, okay, you've had it, pal. Hang it out. And have a great day. Okay, like, man, it says, driving around with the windows down. Man, it should be on after hang by the way, six to ten tonight. Then a cap of a, but a chronic compulsive gambling show tonight. Pretty much, I want to bet like on the, uh, wooing soccer stuff like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm five, 60, animal, animal, animal. I'm not going to show you. I'm going to tell you right now, as far as I'm concerned, compulsive gambling in America is a much worse problem than people smoking a wicked lead. How do you like that? And, of course, you do know that when you go out there and buy a lottery ticket, that's a gateway to, uh, you know, compulsive gambling. Am I right? No. It's a gateway habit, you know, when you go out there and go to church finger, isn't that a gateway, yeah? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm, see? I still say we ought to pay like, like, one part of the country, like, maybe the Dakota's would be good. It's pretty boring up there. Whether it's not too great. All the people who don't want anything, you know, don't want anybody else. Have a good time. Let them have that part of the country. Go up there and you can all like sit inside and play Maja on all the, whatever you want to do. Okay, you can all be religious. You can all be wonderful. You can all pray all day. What do we want it to? Leave everybody else alone. That's all we ask. That's all we ask is leave everybody else to have alone. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. If you watched the post came in a news after the game, then it joking. I shut it off. No, I, uh, one third evening morning was enough for me. Well, I watched it and that one dad was clear, thanks God. Well, thank the demons, the coaches themselves, the family, the X teammate and also the Russian Discussion to see you. They should have thanked God for that. So Sony Goli wanted on it. They should have thanked the Lord. Yeah, but you know around it because most of them are European, from Canada. They're not from this, they sell church driven. Do you like Mike Madonna? Well, most of them are. Oh, okay. Thank you. Okay. Well, there you go. Let's hear it for the star. I can't stand in my head. I'm like poison and I don't. Oh, that coma style that they play. They have done. They've done irreparable harm to the game. I hate to say that that crappy ice they play on Donner and Dallas and the style that they play just the puke inducing. In fact, what I didn't want to go into it once two barns tied up again, then at least it open up a little bit, but before that when they had a one off and leave and they kept icing at nice and all over and over in a spionless cowardly way, do you know, try to fake their way into a stand-let cup. 600 open lines all of a sudden here, I guess probably it's lost time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. You'll Rogers, guys. Well, he's a Dallas has the nasty. Oh, who got the money from his daddy? Oh, and if I step by little, Brad, he, whore with the agenda that's practically. Oh, well, he's a Dallas has the nasty. No, I'm a fair fella. You've turned. Well, he's a presidential son who doesn't have to run and one of his daughter when he's running. He's high. He's high. He's high. He has the golden spoon. He was born with up his ass. So look out on you, dude. Get ready for the gas. He's a Dallas has the nasty. Oh, he's in our middle right the way. Oh, I think the Tyler has the nasty. Full of a fair fella. Well, he's a fairie. Well, he's a fairie. Well, he's a fairie. That's a few. We'll never take his shoes. I make sure we're walking through. She's hard. She's hard. She's hard. She's hard. She's hard. And he's smart with that gray against buddies. But, hey, why don't you think they call it killer? The Tory-alanyway. He's a Dallas has the nasty. Oh, he's a Dallas. Oh, he'll make the cake pay fancy. Roll. I mean, the Tyler has the nasty. Go, Bobes, my lady. Go, home, let's do this. You're a guest man. You're a guest man. You're a guest host. Kid's up at O'Sysville Brown uniforms. Get him, go step in. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, man. Whatever you say. I mean, forget about text books. Forget about classrooms. Forget about any education. Forgetting about teachers. And like, you know, put a sentence together. Like better than 10 to 20. I don't know. I don't know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line here on a, not too bad of a Monday to be honest with you. Life, better than I thought it was going to be. Boy, I thought this was going to be. And it just, it's still might. We got a long way to go. It's still might turn out to be a big polycrack. Although I'll say one bizarre thing yesterday. I come back last night in your port. And I expect, at that point, the airport is still be pat me to park a lot. To be packed. I mean, jam pack. Wouldn't you think it would be? Uh-huh. I have never in my life driven through my middle. I've never driven through my middle. National to the parking lot. You know, the dolphin and the flamingo and seen so few cars. It was empty. It was kind of like everybody came back and it got their cars in a hit the road. I don't know where they went. Amazing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. I had Goldberg show it to you from Shulose, they do. Managed to six, head cap on a 10. Here's the rail. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hello. Let me get you out of speaker. I'm holding it. Hey, I just got back from the venue. I told you, last week when I was heading out, I'm fortunate I'm back. And not getting back. I know that six feeling in a previous step. It was nice to be out. You know, I actually pick up a decent newspaper and read some about something else inside the XL. Right. Exactly. Oh, yeah. I see again. I've get my newspapers for over there. I get all my stuff catching up on all those papers. And they're pandering here and they're pandering especially here all over the place. Yep. Yeah. Of course, I tune you into the, you know, basically around North Florida coming in and tune you in and now I hear about this. Co-amba. I like that. I'm just a disgrace. I'm surprised more people are not giving you a call and the board. Yeah. How come you people out there aren't pissed off about this. Okay. Here's our hit the critical. They're better and all the rest of us. Goody two shoes. Okay. These religious wonderful shoes. Life. No abortion. No this and no that. And praise God. And Jesus. And many times, he's a freaking liar. He should know that if you should be walking on eggshells, you know, knowing that her husband's a governor and this is definitely going to. And it come to find out that they do need the import duty that she tried to screw the government out of was a lot less than the 4,100 year to 1 up in. Now, what's two or three grand whatever was going to be your however much. And they're doing a lot of people who are millionaires. These are multi millionaires. They're a brom with a silver golden spoon in there. Correct. Yeah. And I work with custom people before they give you a chance to, you know, you dug herself into a big hole. That's what she did. A very deep hole. They pick up your chance over there. And, you know, it just is hypocrisy. And I think more than anything, apathy on the, on the community. I'm apathetic. I just, I want to, you know, screaming isn't going to do anything about it. Yes it is. At least if these people make some goddamn noise about it. Okay. I mean, if somebody took away the early bird dinner in his time, they'd be right. Seriously, they'd be riding in the streets. They'd be throwing their falls teeth at each other. They'd be squeezing each other's colossly. Back to they were running over in the streets. I'm telling you. I want me to, you look as if they happen to know his email address, I'll write them a letter and then go to another one. Excellent. Let's find out the email address for the guy named Governor up there and tell a Hasey. Those are those stickers up there. And then a what for? And tell him that his wife is a guy named Lair. And then his families get a disgrace to this state. And another thing, one of them, Well, I get on a goddamn horse and right out. One last thing you're, how did he, you had no experience. He became governor from nothing. This man never worked on this man never worked on. One honest job, one day in his life. life okay never held public office never was even dog catcher in all of a studies that governor of the state of Florida real scary real scary already I can get the yeah okay we'll get it for this governor is out this country is obsessed with bush that's the problem obsessed with bush I've been telling you people out there for years a little bush okay but too much bush even that's not good five six seven oh five sixty in my way speaking of the heroine and they're pandering by the way here which papers this yesterday's hero special report I don't want to say the hero that's always screaming about ethnic sensibilities you know here's a special report after welfare what now caught my attention because there happens to be a picture of four people here two women and the two little kids temporary housemates and guess what they all happen to be black now of course anybody knows that the a far greater number of people in America white people are on welfare than blacks it's one of the ugly stereotypes that all black people are lazy and chifless and they're all on welfare that's one of the ugly stereotypes that races like the promotes and here's the hero special report what now after welfare and here's a four black people on a night's gone hero nice going thank god there's no Hispanic people on welfare by the way thank god for that yeah so we're static about that thank our Georgia and here this morning they're open up a big mouth about that and start waving at white card here's around five six seven in fact I hear he's been deported is what happened five six and here's the food from our good buddy Brad and Tony thank you so much now we feel like it was worth coming in today god bless Brad at Tony's which will give you a dressing room everything else look at that what is there six hundred pieces there do we take care of this place or what take care of the colleague in with the water take care of the food we feed everybody in it's amazing and then like last week or whenever was that some food came in in the kitchen for everybody else did they invite us huh oh no that's okay that's our right your day is coming five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line we have sixteen hundred open lines here today we're waiting to find out if the masses are a pissed off if they're psychotic or if they just don't as usual give a crap they don't care here's a mobile and pop in a hello hello yes sir name how are you today okay that's good me around this call and to ask you do you really think that goal is fair no it was not there was a illegal gold to the county this game was an agrees that I say I've already been due that four thousand times like I said get those kids back in school please I don't you see this is I'm not gonna go into it you know I'm one one on five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here on your one show on a station where we talk about important crap and not a bunch of stupid ball games okay we don't talk about a bunch of stupid sports stuff like golf tournaments and women soccer which they were hockey and a china you talk about desperate I mean and then defaults in here I'm signing autographs through defos mother how do you like that this morning that's right I mean you know how how little people think of themselves when you work with and I worked with the default for what about 72 years now on two different radio stations comes in asking me for my autograph this morning here's a lady in tamarack hello yes man how are you doing great listen can you getting my best to Jenny doesn't make me happy he makes me sick him and his wife and the got some your sprocha who can't even know what that means I'd like to tell you that this this right here is a gateway broadcast right that's right and it's good it's a good it's working right here is a gateway to a bigger and better things that's right they will try thinking they will try thinking and I am a person I am such a prominent person on my phone right and I had my first fish food experience this weekend well now you're talking important stuff there's two prominent people I love has been in jury and you know the hobby game it's just because you see the devaluation of something that's been a long good tradition and what is that that's a good question that goal even though it would have been in the union yeah even though it would have been well they wouldn't have to get all those people off the ice they had to look at it for about ten seconds yeah I want to take a little bit too much effort and Gary Batman you know what I had to go off the ice again and come all the way back on you're number number ninety nine will never be want to get oh he just makes me nauseating I just want to die he's like a billboard for anti semitism Gary Batman I'm interesting you hear yeah well I'm very important prominent do you know I am what was it that one of the greatest intro is to be called I'm a very prominent Catholic yeah like I have a prominent asshole I'm showing it to you in the audience right now with his role you know Sebastian at least three times what exactly do you mean by that what do you mean the new problem the first anyway what was that you said about the little is there I didn't see anything about that where was that I was in one of the wars it really no but I mean I'm more the story was it was in the local papers I guess I forgot to clip it out over the weekend like the link where those maybe no no and then the main line main stream and the hero to the son sent me okay and a big thing about Jerry fall well he's all better than his news paper remember the same news paper that had the thing about you know Tinky Winky and all that the right the purple Tinky Winky is really the purple people either would at the triangle on his head he's really in a gay pride parade and out turns out he apologized to Tinky Winky but now he's after the little affair and it's demons and witches and it's a satanic plot and etc I got to find the balance between laughing at it and doing something about it so that you can make your cry so that you're right in the passport office they please let me out of you if you're like devaluation is so many things anyway enjoy your show and it's a gateway to a life have a great day great line this is show is a gateway to something bigger and better okay like maybe tomorrow show or maybe like lunch yeah sounds good to me thanks again Brad over at Tony's is the address in the box there drawer on there today a send us a thing you got it oh it's a 193 29 northwest second Avenue Minutes right in the box that makes sense instead of those generic pizza boxes that some places have they have like their own look at that Tony's pizza right in the box nice going Brad great stuff what a good pizza now they have great pizza that's just good pizza want to keep pony tail on his toes you know he's probably I can lead right now anyway you don't have time to be listening to show 560 50 50 560 on the mobile one line here's a cross-pring hello yeah now I smoke up all day and I ain't got no problems with it I smoke it all day and I ain't got no problems yeah at all yeah yeah I don't know what all these people are talking about yeah they're just crazy yeah yeah yeah okay well listen we'll come up with some flowers okay we're bringing some lilac okay okay okay he's puffin' all right now okay it's 25 past noon at 560 WQA and everybody light up for quite smoke a number for Christ that's what we say here instead of taking a bullet there's our poll question when you have to take a bullet for the Lord or light up a number for the for Jesus or Moses or whoever 560 50 50 50 50 50 50 on the mobile one line here's a four-laterdale hello okay Catholic in the Hollywood hello are you a prominent Catholic sir no I'm a in common oh non prominent everyday pedestrian no fucking some of the prominent Catholics are adult Hitler and uh... era i pray right those are an almost everybody in the SS by the way what do you think it says behind the SS buckle would be with that's right got me what I will of course they were people consider they were atheist is something not only were they could cantless but the appropriate their blessing that's right god we cost with the pope we hope and all others take action the pope's most still bright okay thank you uh... so there was a not so prominent Catholic that's our new poll question which one did you like better the not so prominent one who had at least a sense of humor or the prominent one who was a real jackass maybe that's what he meant maybe many had a prominent asshole five six seven over a four hundred open lines for you now that lunch is shown up by the way this is very good that lunch is shown up but i don't want to start getting pushy but i like you could put some of that on the plate for me with like a forker uh... yeah a little mixed in match i don't want to get pushy but i'm one of those people in the middle while i'm talking here wants to get up and wander around while i don't pay a lot of attention once i've just to put on an act in pretend that i pay attention to show which after all these years the audience and realize that once long or lunch shows up nobody pays any attention about here he wanted to why because nobody cares that's right nobody cares they don't give a crap that's why a duff lindy is suspended the entire power ninety six and country kissed after two days after country did anything do anything over there but just deflects his muscle again okay bluff lindsey after all those comments about how he's uh you know the pussy and a galore and also that he wants to show that he's a real macho guy now he's not mucking around he wants to be the program director more than in just name the oracers on he's a show day here at the world when the screening days meet the best of the girls in the closet no more that's what day day is for it's a day day after all it's a day of fun when we wear red shirts and when we all come you can hear the squirts we can pick golden days with our manicured goaties is a day day after all we'll be holding hands in a dead shell and watch the lies of a deadly marching band we'll make a restrict with the kiss on the cheeks it's a day day after all where tight shorts in a gold lung leg and where mask out like buildings we can't win so way as we transcend such a it's a day day after all and GM will have a liberty ball hosted by a wrist aller and room ball the leader of a hockey rock Matthew mentioned people like hot day after all it's a day day after all it's a day day after all it's a day day after all let me go hang you up to your in property to a five 60 WQM we have a 28 open line five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line bad record northbound ninety five south of Fort Lauderville somebody called maybe somebody else will call and give us like more specific where that is so stay down off northbound ninety five I think we better do five before here's a mobile in on US one hello hello we're gonna get off ninety five right now yeah okay we lit up which one this is what you're holding here oh yeah we didn't yeah the handle right and when we're up in New York we miss you like crazy we're back to Fort Stown here so we're real happy to hear you yeah and I can't believe I call you but we lit up for Jesus great and we ain't gonna go out for the Lord baby that's what I say anytime anytime really nice to don't you Neil okay and clean up that ice tray absolutely okay yeah okay okay you know I got created the roast don't you to get your cut by those porters that's why five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one I good pizza thank you so much Brad and our buddies it's Tony's for a great lunch that's a good sign they were real busy today and they should be got real good stuff never forget those first days when we came over here we're down on the second floor me in George heard some of the other people on here talking about paying who who's buying lunch today and we were going people over there are paying for their lunch what kind of broadcasters are these who have to pay for their lunch have to pay for their food we're all chuckling like oh yeah have to teach these people listen or two I don't want to mention who it was you know that was funny here's a mobile and del rate be chillin hey Neil first on call yes sir hey we had to be thankful for a jab the bush in Texas knows you were anchored when we got you were ready about this guy George up here and what yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah the fact that this guy has been considered for the position of leader and the only reason being that because his last name is bush how do you like that we did well I got you it's been wrong I got you six and a half years ago avoiding his damn father out and all of a sudden the countries obsessed with bush again on the subject of the hypocrisy in the far right this may be old news but did you ever get a copy of the one report of the one report the flint report about one uh they're Larry's flint and response to the whole republican thing regarding Clinton yeah well or he was gonna name all one there was great read great read all areas read okay yeah just build my bond water got to go okay see everybody's not for Jesus today okay that's a new deal man if it was good enough for John Lennon it's good enough for his and of course John Lennon took a bullet for all he christian or whoever the hell he took that for for the maheri shimae jogi for yogi bearer i think he took it for he was a big sports fan John Lennon and he was a good one for yogi come on here he goes John five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line nobody saw that piece on 2020 last night thank god you'd be sixty years time against right in middle one time is poor little underfed baby course these religious nuts they're all concerned about the unborn about the fetuses but those babies once they climb out of their mother's womb once they slice that a billacle court they couldn't give a crap less because the lord says and i was beautiful i mean talk about people are there right there what have i was told about forced their realization there was my case right there last night on 2020 and she's another one by the way if you think that there's any any sense of what goes on in this society just turn on your TV any weeknight and watch the NBC evening news with tombo call who can't speak at all and it's getting worse and worse they're gonna have to have a goddamn interpreter if they don't put them out of a package of pretty soon he can't speak a lick he can't look at and then bobble who's like uh of alia and put things to all i mean what was that she's become like a parody of herself she can't speak towards and she's on there making millions of dollars and it's such a big by the way that he'd down who's only 110 he had a win early retirement because he hit it like poison here's uh oh we got the governor's email hello yes i got the governor's email is email address is for the underscore governor at you know a way away from it start slow okay okay now as in for the fl underscore governor at eog dot state dot fl dot oh u s now we got to have an easier one than that well i wish but that's when i think there's more find a better one on that i hope so good luck thanks okay there you go none of that's uh that's hopeless and i'm telling i couldn't uh begin uh heads or tails of that we'll find what it's like you know two or three letters easy for all of us five six one the accident south of sherry action in south of sherry and i'm 95 by the way if you're headed north on a 95 don't go over to u s one go to four forty one just pull off the side of the road and let up a good one okay just wait till it all clears out that's right we're gonna have a we're gonna have a year long smoking as we live up to the enumalenium for the rest of 1999 or 96 months of this year everybody's gonna be puffed away okay there are those cops to come and put the whole guy dead cut me in jail the weed police oh it's a gateway drug he could have been one of the biggest assholes i've ever talked to in my life so gateway drug you know lunatic you and all the scrooge and we're about the company and you have to have your attitude on this and about this i feel a personal body you can do it by bringing about some personal education on the subject of our topics in general but right now the water he's a oh yeah there you go little me for madness here on my day oh it's big deal it's digging above rigid white for his gamble soup hey nothing like I hot balla soup you know we take the back to a time with my man that don't need our whole neighborhood smell like can't tomatoes wait like that no more without a new flavor from gamble soup like jigger boots too with chunky rat ball the watermelon bit and my favorite cream on the list how good with Eagle poop to make it you say oh and I don't want them is in lunch and samples no more co-stables to be good that's what's gamble to be some channel surfing yesterday morning and here on CNN was it well and what about it hello was and who do they got on there Reggie white i'm under 85 sports shows they got over the weekend CNN sports it was ready to fill out an empty time and okay there's not much else going on and so she's got reggie what i know whoever this novice reporter was this make believe reporter and what you talking about oh well you know about letting the female reporters in the lock room and about the guys should be given an opportunity to shower and how evil that is and then of course about the faggotts and about the this one and then that one and the Catholics and everybody else is going to burn in hell and she's talking him like say this is like the guy to call before the very prominent Catholic I wonder how this can be on the air saying these things etc when so on and yet they take somebody as grossly bigoted any responsible as Reggie white who's a metal midget at best and a moron at worst and they put him on her and she's like sucking his ass like oh yeah when you know when Reggie speaks people listen it back about about you know all this other crap and she's given him a forum to spew all of his hate and his stupidity and he's going yeah yeah yeah good point Reggie yeah good point and you're about keep them bitches out of the locker room okay keep them in their place and to your right to you know schoolman to beat the crap out of them keep them bitches out Reggie you're right you be right and then he reached over kind of like squeeze one of her breasts and yeah that's right 560 560 560 560 560 I'll tell you what and she was thank god she was black not real black but like you know because we're starting at a little bit nervous about all these dark jocks with a white chick okay a little bit is okay a little bit too much that we start getting really raw I said 560 560 560 560 on our mobile one line we discovered today that the governor's wife she's a lion piece of crap and of course the governor he's an asshole here's Haley hello hey Niel yes sir I have two things first of all I went to make a suky gaming uh over the weekend and I was very disappointed I lost a hundred bucks and I didn't want to damn thing yeah and second of all so what do we just wanted about well because I went in there with the faith in in the good lord Jesus Christ I was gonna win some money yeah well that's just sounds like a gateway to compose a gambling a better call up at capital insert and the second thing is uh Jesus told me that you're not going to be allowed in heaven yeah good okay thanks for the good news okay I'll see you down below 560 560 560 560 560 560 brilliant call one of our holios 560 560 and 560 on a mobile one line pretty weak material are sure and of course you know some things sure and man now because that's the way we're supposed to do it in America if we could just be some a little more polite to each other we'd stop fully set us crap away right anybody believe that oh set the governor or minister sippy or louisiana where the hell it is oh not try to forget was that minister sippy or louisiana somebody will know maybe 560 560 560 560 560 on a mobile one line here's a mobile in medley hello what is it Neil yes sir when dad chants said no goal I felt great as soon as Brian Lewis got on I never saw a script in my life that was so poor yeah and the other thing they made up a whole new deal now it was a continuous action I mean well what is that there is no such thing you know but they had to make up a whole story yeah because it was on that uh well you know what it's all over now pal that's the way it goes that's great but that's the way to leave off the room I couldn't have anymore Scott Russell's one of the things I'll burn it to your family one of the things that's you on give us a break please it's been a pleasure okay anybody said no no 560 560 560 560 on a mobile one line here's a mobile in candle hello yes sir your phone bill is man your phone is the worst phone I ever heard in history okay call us back call us back I'm going to be a full go see Alexander Graham and borrowers instrument okay call us back on a phone that works 560 560 560 560 on a mobile one line here's a mobile in four-laterdale hello under the oh you doing okay sir good I haven't done agree with you on several things that you've been talking about go right ahead pal suck away go ahead it's number one to hockey game what a force I stayed up like you did till law pass one o'clock watching a great hockey game I don't know how great a guy in the over time no I wasn't great because they were both trying not to lose the game How great can it be when nobody's taking any chances at all and they're playing desperately everybody's terrified That they're gonna make the bad mistake that's gonna want to lose in the game and it really got to be ponderous Yeah, what you're right about that one So maybe we should kiss the ground because who don't need to stay up till three or four in a morning to watch that kind of ponderous crap when you come right down with Maybe they didn't want them to break the record. I don't know. Yeah, that's true. You're noticed they were very close to breaking the old time record for longest game And then they stuck that one in there, but I meant to tell you third day when I talked to you about the Herald over therapy so you know it was coming up. Oh, that was great Absolutely because it shows you and even the drug trafficker even said 90% of the people he did business with were white white Right and the other percent that are in jail black that's right, you know Like you know and then the other thing is that This is Bush See we just following in our husbands footsteps Yeah, okay, have a great day whatever he said You can't think for shit. Okay. That's right any full of crap Yeah, that's where it goes. Okay. They got her he lied to his teeth. You know he wasn't gonna be upon the religious right and he gets in here We got the accused life on the license plate and all this other bull crap and of course the You know vouchers for schools and try to put the public school system out of business nice going there Jebster You're not fool any of us. Oh, and he's so much against casinos You know as you get solid evils. It's okay for his wife to go to Paris and try to smuggle 20 grand What's the crap that you bring in here without paying the import duties on it to customs? That's okay But he's against casino gambling because it's evil and God forbid that you know it's like a gateway That's right everything is a gateway Once they put the him in there, there was a gateway to hell is what it was But hey, you wanted him you got him Here's more waterdale. Hello, yes, sir. You're fat tag. Okay. Thank you. Thanks for the bulletin I'm a fat bag. You got it. Oh, right there's a bulletin for the whole America out for the whole world universe I'm a fat bag. Thank you so much coming on the money my good religious people out there. Okay Hey pal take one for Christ 567. Oh 560 palm 560 on the mobile one line the crazy people yeah, yeah fact that but you're like thanks for listening to 560 QA and by the way, sir. Thank God for you For people like you who are so much better than the rest of us like the governor is goddamn wife Okay, you know the one I'm talking about that didn't pay the import grant at the cash stand. That's Exactly Here's Hollywood. Hello Yes, sir. Well I'm calling about that hockey game. Oh, what are all of a sudden people are calling about hockey all season long? I can't buy a call about hockey here Well, I mean, I couldn't get a crappy call. They're all of a sudden everybody's interested in this I've been interested in the whole time. It's just I really didn't have an opportunity to call you too much Yeah, and all of a sudden everybody's got an opportunity now that you know the horses out of the barn I hate to break the news here the game is over the season thank God is finally over It's only the 21st of June. It's only the first day of summer and we finally got the goddamn season over with already Well, you know and somebody told that little Jew hey guess what maybe we have to start the season a little earlier next year October 1st And he said oh, yeah, that's not a bad idea That's what he said a little piece of crap from Cornell It just it just pisses you off because all of these games that that would determine by by goals that were Disallowed by a stupid toe in the crease and all of a sudden that sounds like something to me Now it's just stubby Yeah, you dumpy oh no have a great day stumpy don't call me again call me it about two years when your voice changes 567 05 60 pound 5 60 see now all of a sudden these people are coming out of the woodwork all a hockey experience there you go Right away. I noticed that they were real hot to try like I said before to get Roman turrets is the backup going here yesterday That was in the paper and they're gonna do this and all of a sudden you get up this morning. Oh, he just signed with saying Louis Sorry That's why I see that's the truth be no that's the reason they had a cough up the $10 million to get popbell buries because every other deal I ever tried to pull off one right into you all the crap are okay. Oh Great one by the way for those of you don't get CBC which is most of you will be delighted to know That at the end of the second period after two barns cut up the game on Saturday night with another great goal His seventh at the playoffs by the way for hanks a little with audience And they're talking down cherry and run a claim at the end of the in between periods about a stew barns and Don Cherry for the 500 time a sin cheese. How come they ever let him go down there and Florida and Romma claims is all they wanted a guy named Chris Wells And I just about what my pants when I heard that Well, okay anybody seen him lately oh And then Romma claims is on by the way. They forgot what a wooly in that deal too and cherry just gave it that look like oh boy Since they almost had an interruption down here when that happened 567.0560 560 on a mobile one line I think that's what happened after they did that. I think even though these people keep showing up They don't care what they can see the goal lights are not around this other stuff because I don't give it Shots anymore that's right. They took the guts out of the fans with that with that deal So they just you know we don't care we just this is kind of like your QM we show up. We really don't care 567.0560 pound 560 on a mobile one line here's a mobile in the crawl game. So hello Yes, how you doing Neil sensational Listen, I went to with squishes weekend. Yeah, they opened up one of our what about where I went That's when I hear they opened one of the cables. Yeah, they did actually and it's amazing amazing. I had this away And it's funny because for Mother's Day I went to Smith and Willan's ski and oh you went there I were mentioning Smith and Willan's ski in the middle of my lunch Oh my god. I can't believe you did that. Yeah, not only was a fake mediocre at bats, but the service was horrendous And I mean I'll believe they're consistent That's true. I mean I want to thank you also because there's a root squish One of them I think of friend of mine says mom To stake it came back a little bit too well done for her taste and they actually Compared to Neil really. I mean that's what was really Well, I'll try that next time. Yeah, so I mean I just want to thank you for suggesting that rest time Okay, and glad you did a good time. Yeah See there's nothing better than after you've eaten the entire steak and say you know that was a little bit too well done You know it's all gone. It's so there's nothing there. I want to play not even more gristle a little bit too well done How about a freebie and I want to say hello I'm not gonna go back into that root squish stuff again because nobody seemed to care about that You know they don't give a crap out of the they treat me well or not and if you don't then why should I be Be labored the point. I'll talk about it tomorrow again 560 560 pound 560 on the mobile one line Can't beat their meat. I'll tell you that that should be their slogan. You can't beat roots meat. It's unbelievable It tend to be a little bit cheaper times, but that's where it goes Here's Miami. Hello How you doing great my first time calling I'm got the governor's directing me with rest great. I hope it's easier than that other one not quite No, it's almost the same that was horrendous Other email address goes to his staff. Yeah, this goes to record him it's bush bsh j at what wait a minute bush j at E O G dot state What wait man and what the E O G has executive office of the governor's oh E O G yeah dot state dot F L dot U S oh There's no short of version. Okay, bush j at E O G dot state dot fl dot U S I guarantee you the reason they made it that complicated is because they know that a lot of people are gonna be screaming bloody murder They don't want any goddamn emails. Where you can mine today We should we should get a toll free number whatever the toll free number is rubbed there and tell a has you for the governor's office We should get that too. They don't got one. They don't have one now. I checked already They don't have a toll free number so the people in the state are constituents that pay his damn salary Which he needs like a hole in a head? I can call off their and scream bloody murder about his wife being a line piece of crap No, how do you like that Anyway, he's kind of mouthful for me today. Okay. I'm like let me have two mouthfuls. Okay. Thank you. There you go people are pissed off. Okay About the sanctimonious hypocrites and joking me a song to dance about well, you know It was just a little bit of oversight She not only lied once she lied twice. She got caught with her goddamn goods down and she still lied about it All of a sudden I smelled Jim and Tanny Faye Baker and Jan and Paul Crox and all of these fakers all over again. That's same aroma Just keeps coming back over and over again 560 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line by the way if I mentioned today what a jackass Todd Drecke is oh I Forgot to mention at at least 20 or 30 times today. You know something maybe you think you're full in screw-and-o-vader who's too busy I would do whatever she's doing. Oh whoever she's doing. Okay But you're sure it's how not fool on me taking an old piece of coffee with the same mistakes that had before And it and sticking it back in here again and putting something back to you think you're fooling anybody Todd No, and I know the piece of copy that you were so psychotic about last Monday here. It's a full week later Is there any changes made yet? No Who are you fooling baby only because you worked raw huh huh horse crap operation like this one a Bum fork radio station for the general managers out of town probably eating free meals right now and a program Directors running around suspending everybody trying to feel like a real man That's the only ways you get away with this crap. You're not fooling me sweetheart Three and oh I see Jeff Cohen came into the check out some good pizza. Oh boy. It's the one to two hours That's What oh two at five sixty W come by the way speaking to Corey Saban if we had one call from four Myers yet from our best audience Over there about how he's doing on TV and four Myers. Oh no. Well what is with that? I even went out of my way and asked less because I said I'm sure we got at least what ten or twelve people Let's be over there on the west coast. How is Corey doing how does he look is he like pummeling and he doing okay? People over here would like to know we have any response. No Bastards five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T wireless line here's sunrise. Hello sunrise Hello Neil. Yeah, okay Let me give you the real poop on the governor's email. Oh geez here we go. We'll spend the whole right to this show Give a different email. I'll go you work and most of the people in the audience wouldn't know where to email if you stuck it in there I can you believe this comes in? You got the paper today in front of you. Yeah, not well somewhere. Yeah, the local section six be a whole article title Cyberspace links to governor with the people and it gives three email addresses really six be in the local In the Broward in the Broward local. Okay one moment, please It is upper left hand corner six be couple kept apart by the lion as policy. Oh, this is the hero You're talking to some oh, let me hear the hero love. Okay. You don't make the mystician and there's one better email address than the two previous ones Which by the way, we're accurate Okay, here we go six these cyberspace and you got a governor love people Voice send and get to 100 emails today. He ought to begin 100 thousand emails on this on a goddamn wife of his look on the Inside of that column second paragraph. Let's see one is jab Oh, jab j-oh, now that's not today. He wants huh? That's an easy one. Jim jab dot award Jab.org That's pretty easy. Yeah. You got to read the last two paragraphs of the article off through it. Okay. Thanks. All right, man Okay, it's his bushy gets more email from supporters that opponents But he says he gets enough criticism to be reminded that not all agree with him You also get email from angry folks at one event. I let them vent but when they vent and vent again I give up here, right. Yeah, give up throwing the towels we'd art quit now before it's too late. Get out of town But at the same time we're saying knows it's important to be exposed to critters It's very easy to have a cocoon be built around a public figure. What do you say about that? Cooing Adding it will be dangerous to let the cool know the cocoon grow. Yeah How much are there to many cocoons up there in telehacia? Yeah, yeah, like a speech impediment. Yeah, we don't want it too many a cocoon's here That's the way the bushes are of course 560 50560 pound five 60 on the 18 T wildest line so jab jab dot org. That's all you need. That's pretty simple Even we can do that Here's Miami. Hello How you doing okay, sir? What do you think about all these kids coming out of summer school? What does that mean? Well, a lot of traffic and a okay grade 560 50560 what do you think about all those people crossing the street kids? I Mean talk about week talk about pathetic talk about a simple didn't with no life. Okay, you know that banana boat I understand 245 this afternoon there's gonna be banana boats leaving every half hour and a half hour We're gonna have to keep it on her to hand you one is your hop on a banana boat and we wish you well. Okay, just don't come back. Please anytime soon 560 50560 pound five 60 on the 18 T line You know the sports people that can't wait till two o'clock so we can get some more those golf calls come back. Oh, yeah See you know for sure now the hockey that's all over right the NBA. It's not over but my as well as my as well But that's gonna be a sweep at the joke. That's uh, you know, so in the Marlin's they lose every day So there's no story there So what are they talking about now they're talking about golf this morning when I'm driving work and they're doing it seriously Like anybody who's a sports fan. Oh, and I hear guilty talking with default about oh, yeah Well, you know even sports fans who aren't that much in the golf would appreciate the job that pain steward to be as today talk about a pain If you're a sports fan does that mean you're into golf. No, they you pay any attention You care once on stupid god damn golf tournament. No You have to be out of your mind to believe that default okay and by the way, I want that guy Them autograph back. I want five bucks for that Has me autograph a picture card for his mother 567560 pound five 60 on the 18 T line. I mean at least when jelly says that we know he's just the screw in around okay But default Beful here's a mobile and Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, Neil God. Yes, they're speaking first time long time. How's your cholesterol? How is it how is it? It's still there. I don't know well I got a couple things for you Number one there's a fruit in Spanish. It's called Lima If you'll drive over to Lima he was another great golfer there It's a Valor show Would you if you direct his fresh quiz will help your cholesterol magnificently my mother's Can't have no fruits here. I'm diabetic no fruit. Well no all right Second thing comment on South Florida drivers you know the accident North found 95 Did you just comment on little right I was in the sick of it I was following the guy and some kind of utility and All it happened was that he basically hit a puddle started skitting apply the break Car Turned more severely toward the Media and before hit the wall a rolled over The guys are right I was able to not be in the accident but four people behind me Evidently weren't watching and They took it on the chin. They took it on a chin and the chin and the rear and back to him. Yeah There you go. Okay. Well, thanks for the good news. I'm glad you are not like that. Okay, and the many ways of action and See a five six seven oh five sixty palm five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Yeah, what are we gonna do about all these kids being out of school about those pedestrian's trying to cross the guy The industry and a chicken's trying to give you the side of the roll right. Oh, he was a great call Here's a sunrise hello You're yes sir The addresses for Jeff Bush through in that article in the front of all oh So glad I asked this not Sorry, they're wrong though the Sun Sentinel still stuck in the 1970s. They don't know premium I presses it don't have to set an at-line So Jeff Org is gonna bounce it's Jeff App Org I'm up on the grid. Well, I did not hang up on you sir. I'm sitting here listening very politely Sir How do you like that? Oh, we hung up on me click. I'm trying to get the goddamn thing you're correcting us I'm sitting here listening very polite like they like it always in an in Mississippi. Yes, sir. No, sir. Yes, man And right away here seems I hung up a click. That's it. No, you will not find me. How do you like that jackass? You hung up on me Okay, so take your aunt and sticking up your echo. Okay get out of my face no more emails, okay? Nobody's gonna email him anyway nobody cares his wife could have brought a goddamn to a while with 50,000 pounds of goddamn Cocaine in its public and nobody cares So stop putting on a good act for me to try to impress me about how everybody is so concerned about this nobody gives a flying crap If anybody in a state give a crappy we never got in there in the first place anyway and they never would have run a dead man against them But in a case what do you expect me to keep running dead people though for office, okay? Republicans run Bob dole he spends the next few years running around telling everybody can't get his Yeah, I can't get it up and then we got plenty of a K who walks around going you know Everywhere he goes the same Can't imagine why he didn't win it I'll say it again Jesse the body for Emperor right now We need that's our only hope is Jesse the bottom telling him Get rid of Al Gore get rid of this goddamn George W. Bush Jr. a senior the third whatever the hell is name is get rid of all of them, okay? Cuz it's the same old tired song in a dance get somebody in there is gonna revolutionize this country and bring us in at least the 20th century before it ends Don't forget tomorrow's the truth it's free weed day for everybody We got hit a bomb and took his in woody act like Chee Chan Chan And get some munchies and make brownies filled with hats and woody cherries with Jesus and the same thoseides I am a bachelor for a lesson just in and most it's getting cold On a great hunt for students To get some better, you know, growl Something all so time back to day cold It's the most important thing It's the most important thing One fifteen and five sixty wqm It's a gateway, they need to get a bigger way to get a better and more There's more things, you know, that, does everybody know that? Huh? Get the cramp Stop smoking, I would get weed. Stop doing all these evil things You want to go back to the stone age Let's get the pilgrims back They know how to cook a good turkey 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pon, 5, 60 On the AT&T, where are the slides? Here's Delray B, chillin Hello, Neil Yes Two things First of all Get bushes and an asshole Okay, thank you Here's a mobile and pombie, chillin Hey, Neil Yes sir Why is this just a wife crying I mean, he knew she spent 20 grand over there How did you know that? Won't they travel in the gathering? No They won't? I don't think so, it's not what the story says Oh, okay, well I haven't read it, I'm just going on Well I've read it, I've got a writing front of me, it doesn't even mention his name It's like he doesn't even exist Well if they were traveling together, he knew she spent 20 grand Again, it doesn't say that they were traveling together Okay, it doesn't say that Well, maybe somebody in the audience is ready a bigger, a more expanded I really don't know, I have my doubts But nevertheless, I don't know See, I'm not one of those people that jumps to conclusion And even though as much as I find him, anxious, at best And grow test-good work I'm not going to start like casting stones in his direction But the fact is that regardless of whether he was with the or not That these are people who got elected in part by putting themselves up Setting themselves up is rate more or less to the right of us And being wholeier than no vow, etc And so on and they're not, they're full of crap They're like the coin They're like common smoklers Okay, thanks 560, 50560, POMP560 on the 18 Did that guy want to have a conversation? No, did he want to be bothered with a fact? No, no, but that's okay, just be pissed off And at email address by the way is Here's more waterdale, huh? One thing that's underneath, oh Okay, here's coral gable, so long You know, yes sir Love you, show, got to say that That all these people that are calling and complaining about What Jeve the wife did as some reflection on him You know, I mean, she did something very wrong I don't think anybody's arguing that But for that to be a legitimate point of criticism against him All those people who are saying that And this is all across like the whole national media Now everybody's talking about it Well, what about all the lives that he told about How he wasn't going to be upon the religious rights And he comes in with his shoes, life bill, crap on a license plate I don't know, wait, I would like to say There's all these people there I don't know, I'm feeling that lying runs in the bush family And I'm saying read my lips, okay? Well, all these people who are going to criticize You know, I'm going to have a conversation or not Yeah, we're getting a little heavy for the conversation I'm just saying that these people who are criticizing Yeah, the governor based on something as wife did I'm saying people who are going to be crying foul When people start criticizing Hillary Clinton And her center rate for stuff that really happened I don't know if you know the news, but the New York Daily news poll Show us you's eight points ahead now of what's his name The Jackass, Julie Annie That's fine, thank you I want to put it by 15 points, you mark my words, okay? But they're going to be when people criticize her We don't live in New York State, I don't give a flying crap about Rudy, Julie, Annie, or Hillary Clinton, okay? We live in Florida Okay You don't think they got to write to criticize this? Not to quit a fair yet Yeah, criticize her, you're missing the big point obviously Maybe it's too big, I don't even know what they're saying I set up these people when they're whole campaign thing You all had the family and the kids in the Mexican kids and the whole They set themselves up as good as they choose, and she's a lion's bitch Well, that's debatable, they set themselves up as good as they choose They start really shabby It's debatable, it's that she wasn't in the ads that they set themselves up It is model, family, how wonderful they were and write this in Godfaring It's set her in so on I don't know about all that, they set that up Well, then go back and take a look at the ads, okay? Because I saw them and so did everybody else, you don't know about it Because you don't want to know about it You're not that bad, another partisan political animal, that's all you are You're just another bush liquor Air me time you turn around, here's a bush liquor over there And here's another bush liquor over here, yeah, air me where you look There's another bush liquor right there 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line Here's Kendall, hello Anyhow, I'm telling you sir Okay, great, you're 10 years old and let's see, call me back in five years Don't be putting your pucky little kids on here, okay? We got 200 open lines here to talk to adults over the age of 15, okay? We don't want to talk to pucky little kids because they're out of school And you're too much of a pussy to get on here and talk to me yourself There's nothing in the world, and I was a little kid on Or was an adult to cut on Huh, an adult, yeah, see, the adult calls, this is the oldest trick in the game They get on hold and then they put the little pucky kid on Hang on, five years old You're 10 years old, how about you if you want to make it to 11 You can do that again, okay? Sir, and you know what I did, call him sir, because I want to be polite Like they're doing in Mississippi and Louisiana And all those other mungworm states, you know, in the deep south Where the education system is basically about to Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Just be polite and when, who's step real good, where you're a little brown uniform Make sure you got enough guns, you can only buy one a month now You know, follow us on the stuff, go through what they didn't get through, you know what I'm saying Oh, gee, what are we going to do for you only buy one gun a month? My god, what the So much time and so little ammunition So many abortion doctors in the, you know, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line Here's Pompano, hello Hi Neil, yes sir Yeah, Neil, or you're right, I wrote a finally had something with substance on last night And I don't hear any of these people talking about it, you know, I wanted to watch because they can't deal with it Because they're so damn brainwashed about the evils of marijuana They're still going to be for medicine, that was 65 years ago that stupid thing came out Wow, you know, I'm a recovering addict and I'm, you know, I'm looking proof I'm a lot, you know, I went in treatment 14 years ago, Neil, and I'm a small business man The only thing I could come up with is that the government has such a big agency now It all these DE agents might really have to go out and find a real estate I'm a relonic job, yeah, instead of this guy talking about the enormous amount of weed coming across the Mexican border Oh my god, what are we going to do now? I thought I'm going to bring it out Well, you know, and let's face it, you know, Bush's wife, where she from again, Mexico? Yeah, yeah, well, she's probably smuggling weed in a foster border too She was probably one of the ones he was talking about Well, she did what? I thought about that She didn't want to declare it Yeah, and one more thing, Neil, John Campbell in North American Cup this weekend, buddy Okay, whatever you say, call one of the gambling shows, okay, 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, Wallace line Don't start with his harness racing crap, okay Nobody here has any idea what I'd see with all of us They wouldn't know John Campbell from Glen Campbell Here's Coral Springs, hello Hey Neil Yes sir Hey, I'm a 10 year old boy, I'm my doctor doesn't have me on the right to talk to him medicine He's working on getting the dose right, how you doing? Okay, listen, you know what I was thinking this time I think we got a few people out there in this audience that has a gut of dose Yeah, this deal with Kevin is wife You know, this could be his chap of quidic You know, because when you would like to press it, we don't know if he's even talking about this I'm sitting here screaming about it, nobody seems to care Nobody seems to give a crap, in addition to which who died in this How do you compare this with chap of quidic? Because this is always going to hopefully, it's always going to come up But the point you missed is, number one, Kennedy has been reelected at the Senate every time he's up since 1969 But he's still on there doing a hell of what? Not for president I don't know, Jeff Bush was running for president Yeah, we got to get George and they were got to get the older brother in there for two terms And they were going to show the candidates the thing or two Well, the idea is you don't only elect the man, you do it like the presidential wife Two and a way And this guy before, that called a minute ago, thank you so much This guy that says, well, I didn't see the family The head you didn't, every guy damn Eddie had his little fresh face kids there And his Mexican wife and they're like pandering and pandering all over the guy damn place And she's like, I'm just crossing his R, see, I thought it's funny And you know, he's Mexican And of course, a lot of unsuspecting. See, she don't have to panic again in Dave County Because those people fap up by you know the ones I'm talking about, the ones that are all good I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know There's a one sick out there, I'm gonna grow silly and blow up ballot home Those are the ones that always go for whatever Republican candidate there is anyway We shouldn't have to worry about that Because anybody that's left of the gang is gone Oh, come on, you said come on, if this is the hot cadet's name will crap Okay, that same old tired stupid crap Because they never met a fascist they didn't like But anyway, being sitting at a side What about getting worked up about on a Monday, you know? You know, you get all bent out of shape and worked up Why are we going to give a crap? Oh, of course now, what's the point? What's the point? It all kind of like ties in together As you watch these desperate people coming up with these idiotic solutions Oh, let's ban freedom of speech And let's make the kids rest up in little uniforms and goose step And yes, there are ideas, man, and make a much more polite God forbid, we have any fewer guns out there in the streets Or that, oh, one of the greatest lines I ever heard in my life One of these right wing asshole Republican congressmen as they were debating, you know, one 15, 120 in a morning few nights ago He says, well, you know, and a lot of people really enjoy going to these gun shows Isn't that great? A lot of people enjoy doing heroin too, we're going to legalize that Oh, I don't think so Yeah, a lot of people are like, well, we're taking away there I think it's right there in a constitution, isn't it? Yeah, you have a right to go to a gun show at least one a week That way, that was beautiful Not that the NRA's got to hold of these guys, you know, understand that, don't you? Yeah, the NRA don't have a hold of, well, there's some of these people who really enjoy going to these gun shows Great Somebody ought to tell our good sheriff up there in Broward County, Ken Jenny Did a lot of people enjoy going to these swing gloves too, how do you like that? Oh, man, can't have that There's sex going on there, that's evil, okay? Chudent people, that's okay But swing gloves Oh my God People, we don't like that A lot of people enjoy it, therefore must be okay Hmm, that's quite safe, she's only got one eye Before Bill tucked in after Ronald Reagan during Desert Storm, our president was George Bush Yeah, the guy that said no taxes and lied and gave us taxes anyway Whatever George Bush's wife was on the dollar bill and they had a child No way Millie was a dog, now it's dead George Bush is a son of our former president and now a politician in Texas And now he was to be your president We already had George Bush's president Look, it's a different guy's or shut up It's never too early to think about our next president George Bush, what is running mate, Ireland's specter Bush Inspector Bush Inspector The next time you're in that voting box, think Bush Inspector The team, the snatch some president's age What did you say? Bush Inspector That's what I thought you said Hey, sounds like a pastry ticket Not the van is in swallow No, the young George Bush team with the oldest statesman, Ireland's specter The ticket we call Bush Inspector Bush Inspector, cool I can get into that Where are we signing up? In the voting box What do you for some fuck? Great, let's party The Republican party More about this Bush Inspector thing, are you into this? Oh yes Mind if I inspect it? That's the ticket Hey, what are you doing? Oh yeah Oh, right there Oh Bush Inspector I can't wait to be pulled How would your Bush show me your mountains? I've figured it out I like it Bush Inspector The one, too big Alright Once he won it 560 WKM, we got thank over Sure from Shula State 2, come up with 2 o'clock We got your mad dog Man, it's a 600 Kapplin 10 For those members of GA who they got out after the weekend Oh boy, you know, it's just the same old crab, same old tyrants But if I could understand why most of the public are worn out They just keep getting screwed over Right side lied to That's why I want to see more sightings stuff like golf That's what does it for me Give me a good golf term at 8 o'clock Lock me in the house out of weekend Tune in there watching pain, stew it All these other girls are guys, this smack at their balls around That's what I want to see Here's a mobile in mirror There's that line eight again Line eight 5 inches to one of those things It's just crappy won't system, okay? Do we care about it? No When it first started happening, when we moved up in this studio Back in March, I used to get psychotic and screaming Yeah, but do I care anymore? No, because Gildy said screw it You get paid almost on time every couple of weeks So what's a big deal? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 We got 400 open lines and we got 27 minutes to go We're going to make it today Go, and doubt it Not one person saw that show on 20, 20 last night With the religious nuts starving They're a little kid to death We're doing their damn vest until a state had a step And it take them away because of the religious nut One person saw that right? Oh, and we had two people that saw her while the last night Who finally after the first two million shows Did a good show that was worth talking about 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Pomp 5, 60 on the AT&T line Here's Miami, hello Miami Yeah, yeah Yes sir How about this, uh, well, Louisiana That makes the school kids tell their teachers sir I've been talking about that all day sir I mean, what's your health with that? Yes sir I mean, kids shouldn't have to do What are you going to do? Put a cop in every class We're going to have a yes sir and no sir police That's correct We're going to have the polite police You know, we got the word police Like the got there in Michigan That did his thing The cursing police up there They got 90 days in Spanish, Michigan And a hundred dollar fine he's going to get Well, we're going to have the politeness police And if low kids don't say yes sir and no sir We're going to give them what for Because of all those damn Christian fundamental There you go, because we got some plastic answers If we just said we're more polite and put the tent Commandments up, then all of a sudden the crap is going to go away What kind of a moron believes that? Yeah, here you go And good luck to us sir And thank you for calling sir Five six seven in fact You know something people are too polite They make me nauseous, you know what I'm saying? People are like polite to the point of being obnoxious It makes you want to barfe Being a little bit courteous like you know holding the elevator open For women or for people older than you which in my case ain't too many anymore Except when I'm down here Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two line Some plastic answers. Let's just turn the clock back okay to the fifty's Let's bring back Aussie and Harriet. Let's go back to father those best Let's go back to the old let's go you know leave it in beaver. I'll add stuff Here's Miami hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir I got a question about the The candidates for the upcoming future The upcoming what? The future that's coming up I want to get it for the upcoming future. Yeah Yeah, first of all I enjoy your show very much and I think you should be on national show. I should be Yeah, then I might actually get some calls but anyway The mix and sound what I'm trying to figure out Yes sir, what I'm trying to figure out is what would it take to get on the ballot Something to find out how much this country would be in favor of legalizing marijuana What's the next question sir? Now I've done the comedy this is done comedy. What's your next question? What's your next question? I'm going to happen pal. I'm going to be sitting in it's not going to happen That's the American way. They just barely got it through the marijuana for medical purposes in Arizona And a couple of other places they barely squeaked that thing through But the idea that marijuana is going to be decriminalized for the general population. You must be dreaming Well, if enough people are going to declare a mom and apple pie illegal before they're going to do then Yeah, well, that's right. Well, that's why I think you should have a national form If you ever ask your company if they could get you on a national This company won't even give me a guy they made a hundred lines So people overlusting on a west coast and four miles of Naples and people listening on the audio And all over the country's willing to call in This company is cheaper than it's beyond belief Well, I think there's enough of us out here that appreciate what you're doing to Kind of maybe we should call in and get you on a national and how you're going to do that sir Are you and you have a magic wand? You have a mario a miracle worker Well, I wouldn't say my wand is magic There's a better chance of you going to go out in the backyard and finding 25 million in small bills right now Then this company putting me on national or any other guy in place Well, I'm only placed a guy on a sport Myers because they don't have the pay me for that And they want to fill up a lot of free your time over there Yeah, well, maybe if you could get from type of advertising campaign between you and the whiskey for cigar Yeah, okay, there you go work on it. Okay, okay, we got an in-menso for you here sir just keep it out of your Reckdom 567560 Pomp 560 on the end. That must be putty's boyfriend right there. Huh that business. Oh, yeah, there's little cigar shops Oh, brother You're a real comedian putty. You think after 70 years in a business You know something about it to the obvious answer is oh, you don't and by the way nice suck up job there with what's your name from channel 10 Which I forgot a name already and take Diane Magnum For what a bitch that is huh why do you want to say actually get this story right? No Here's a mobile in a four-laterdale, huh Mobile in four-laterdale. It sounds exactly like you Hello Neil God. How are you great? I didn't get to watch 2020, but I did get to watch Charles Grogan last night Oh Jesus Oh Good Bob barn in head You know tell them there hit the Christmas stand So why do we need to keep seeing Bob bar over again? You know this ever since the guy damn it He's an apple we don't we already know that why do they have to keep giving him all this airtime? Okay, well, I won't mention his name. Don't we already know that he's an asshole doesn't everybody with a brain Always an asshole. So what do we need to see him anymore including that one congressman from California that had to hurt down over the side of his head What do we need to see those assholes all over again? We are put to a year and a half of that crap You're right So anyway, I just called to say hi and just tell Bob bar nice mustache. Okay, never trust a guy with little mustache like that 560 560 Pomp 560 on the idea. Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised if he comes back as a house painter when his next life that Bob He's a crap But that one guy that gets up there. Oh, yeah, well, you know who are we to take away the right of so many Americans who enjoy going to their gunshot Those Wouldn't the pilgrims be proud to hear that? Oh, yeah God take away those muskets shows that they wouldn't know what to do how can they shoot their turkeys if he took away their muskets right good point If you're sick and tired of all of this crap, okay, and I know I sure am especially that thing would have website. Oh, please with that email Just put a big roundbook in your mouth right now. Okay from our friends at Nicksegar is just sit back Get some real good smoke and pleasure trial one of those great predominal reserve exes boydozer good or the Cuban bullets wow Man if they would have had those back in 59 we wouldn't have to be in this mess today. I'll tell you that right now And all the other great cigars the next makes the dose reostey locked to this you on the San Jose and They're all great. Yeah, they in men so the big fat round one and a cigar too. Oh You You You You What's 25 at five 60 WQAM Another great day for the Irish no Marlin game today Everybody's such a good move. We can't get bothered about that bull crap. How can you how can you worry about stuff like that when you got golf to talk about you know You know something I was so astonished this morning coming to work and of course the little dog being suspended So there's only guilty in the beef hole and a girl on and on and they kept coming back to that the neighbor They got one call finally some of one of these boring nerd golf guys out there and that CD went flying in there 560 560 pump 560 on the AT&T where I was like oh, I sure whole pancake that I talk about golf today Jesus Christ Not that I wanted to talk about it. Oh, please at least wait until I get home. Please no golf Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. I'll be going great in weekdays buddy here good as high school breading yeah Since you were talking about you give a ticket shower then make you did we go through this once before? Yeah, we went through this yeah, and I know I got the ticket shower Oh I know about Jeff Bush I also want this test with a with a son and I just want to let everyone know that the first time I do try cocaine Was in dead bushes home. Uh-huh. Yeah, let's wait to drive you and you know Any other good stories you want to make up sir? Well, yeah, I need awesome with you Yeah, you're self go look at the mirror. Okay. Go snort this Go snort a good number 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line three little Julio. I was remember that thing three little things We got three little Julio sitting in the tree F how's echo? Here's a highland beach. Hello. Yeah, sir. I saw that wide eyed non-blinking wacko on 2020 left night. Yeah What does scary to see the watch and talk? Is it like a robot right? Uh, yeah And then he's smile in the whole time like this was some kind of a big joke and this is after the fact you understand What about the wife? No time she's talking she's like killing silly. Yeah, but getting divorced right? Uh-huh That is a strange stuff I've ever heard what would mean? Little three stuff this goes on all the time religious nuts having her kids and brainwashing them in the and doing all sorts of things Do man and again in the name of religion and yet the guy who over there in Hollywood you just see the update on that story That put the trellis on the house the Hindus or whatever hell they are that are bothering anybody that are good decent people And ever stole a freight train and Hollywood says no I forget what the they were supposed to have another final hearing on that Well the neighbor said that it was unsightly and also that should be your worst problem Okay mind your own goddamn business over there these people are trying to do their thing and keep the evil spirits out I wonder if they came along and tried to take the Mazuzah off every old Jews door and Hollywood what the hell they would say Yeah, then they'd be singing different tune 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line two calls left in the board are gonna make it till too Oh no chance. I feel real a big musical thing coming on any second now. You can almost smell it Here's what buyer is hello I know yes, sir. How you doing okay? I want to sound a Connect last week how do you know how do you like the new Cuban bullet? That's why I've just been talking about I just got you saying I like five minutes ago and you like it I like the Cuban bullet yeah, I'm Q and I got I got a bullet between my next if you want to smoke Yeah, okay, yeah, but you do I think you probably got in between your legs in the back like in your back That's where you got a bullet 560 5056 the pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line I'm off that heavy cheese diet. Okay pal. So save it. Here's Miami. Hello Miami and yeah, yes, sir. I just got a question ready why don't those damn Congressman just legalize Buzz already You give me a quick answer that or what One more ritual smoke or I smoke every day. I hope here's your rancher proud Okay, that's that that cleans out the board five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. That's it that's the end of our reaction today Oh boy, it's just the tragic and that doesn't make you really you're wondering you get down there like I said on the road You look around you look to your right you look to your left And just kind of like shake your head and disbelief in this may Here's Hollywood hello Okay great five six seven oh five sixty why they're coming out now usually it starts about one 15 Today they waited about 145 now they're all coming out of the world because as usual They've run out of material we've all we got to plate that so full and it's spilling over to guide the images today But these people got nothing I guarantee if we were talking about golf and pain store today this phone would be sizzling they'd be smoking off the hook Were they doing at this morning? No no calls Maybe that's what we got no calls today. Maybe we're good like out of business. We just don't know yet 567560 palm five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Here's Papa no hello I thought I was doing pretty good. I'm trying to be Classifying this group. I will Certified in what group what's going on before a cardboard cut out Yeah, I vote for Jeff to have the bush. Jeff the heb. Yeah, what a jerk and He's an asshole yeah, and I'll tell you I would like to say I would hear the man that never was even elected dogcatcher before in his life Never held public offices in bed and Bob them got only knows how many shady deals and all of a sudden He's the guy damn governor. We wake up on data's man to the governor and he tells us whose life his wife is to He's choosing the smuggling he says choose life. You know, I wrote in a vote. I did not vote for that He should trash have these a moment. Yeah, you'll guide knows what does keep well. Thank God for you sir That right in votes you're helped a lot, didn't it? Yeah, I really did it I think if you just voted for body that I put them over the top. Okay, but thanks for writing in some Minglos name. Okay, like Alfredi Newman. Nice go answer Really making your voice count