Sports radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers show. The club to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for date in Rower. Or pound 560 on yourself. Yeah, the opinions of Neil is guest-polar's or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. The two AMBs we read acquisitions for the Feesley Broadcast. No, no. Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QA-AM. Broadcasting live on Shueless Tech 2 in Miami Lake. Here's Pay-Solver on Sports Radio 560. QA-AM. Hey! Stop it! Yeah. Oh, you get my day! Oh, yeah! 560. God damn fucking idiot, yeah. The three-terrass I got. You live. That's the camera. That's incredible. Incredible. Oh, no. That's incredible. That's incredible. What an incredible shot. What an incredible shot. That's incredible. That's incredible. Right? Hey! Stop it! You bastard. He's not a man! He lives only well! It's crazy! Very wonderful out of day一點! So much of it. Yeah. He's a good player. Oh, he's got my friends. One another barrel Mint . Rob Oak Deouscock Oh, he's eating the ribs. Hey, stop it. Are we on guys? Oh, no. Do we use it? I mean, I want big shoes to give you guys to pay a time range like that. Use it in a month. You all, hey, that's okay. OK, 10, 0, 35, 60, WQMC. The reason I play that is because the timing is perfect. Everybody around here, I told you things were going along too well. Then people start getting a little bit psychotic. They start slack it off. They're playing theme songs for like five and a half minutes. Like, you know, it's kind of like just come in and get a check. It's basically the way we all look at it. Except you're between 10 and 2. We work our big fan. Back home off every day to try to pretend we're doing a show. So the timing, like I said, couldn't be any better for very jackass to wake some people. I don't want to mention no name. What a joke. I don't want to mention. To wake them up out of their doldrums. OK, to bring them back to reality. Because you know something, the prospect of liking a mad dog and they have to know sounds pretty interesting to me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Front page of the Miami-Herald. I don't like this. I don't want to say, you know, that article in the New Yorker, the other day again, timing is everything. And the timing of that was perfect. You people at the Harrel have proven that even in the Tavian New York, you couldn't compete with whatever. It would be a candidate with daily mess. You're a candidate with the York, you couldn't compete. That's the kind of phone-evaloney newspaper you people are over there at the Harrel. On the front page, OK? Front page. We got Miami Beach cops to impress the tuition rings down there in Kendall, which I do realize they had something about that yesterday. And on the news, and all the nightly newscast last night, the neighbors there at the complex talk about all the cops that were coming and going mostly coming, by the way. Gorgeous. A lot in there with the underage, prostitutes. They had in there a couple of about 16 year old chicks. And he adds they had in a paper. Big busted barely legal, which turns out that barely legal was a little bit of his aduration. Stuff like this, always scrap that's going on. And the woman with the abuse baby and all the other good stuff. Mayor Pena's there in Dave County, which I realize that's also on the front page. Trying to speak to a guy named vote in the middle of the summertime when everybody's out of town. As they always do, just like the back-ass thing they did with the stadium with Mickey Eros and what is arena after he lied to get an office, all these things go on. What's the Harrel concert about? What's important enough to make it on the front page of the Miami-Herald today? It's a little vendetta there by the Harrel and very jackass. That's what it is. This all way can't cut out of his letter to anybody else on this radio station and by the way, we had a call about this and it's my fall. I didn't believe it. We had to call off the year several days ago from somebody saying, hey, you're just like Godfather one. You remember he says, you think I bought that comedy you played with my sister? You think you fooled me with that little comedy acting play with my sister? When he went to Carloe, we was doing this thing when he was getting ready to go to Vegas, he thought only he didn't quite make it out of the car. You think we bonded that comedy act that Joe Rose played with with our pussy galore here the other day last week to get suspended for a couple of days? This man was in heavy-duty negotiations with the new sports talk station. I want to think a lot of tell you. And by the way, you'll be very pleased all you people over there at 1700s know that our general managers went and run a building going. I'm not a real good act like, oh, we're going to bury them. We want to have another one of those parades like when you bury WNW and WN. I'm saying, what are you talking about? You can't even pick up the goddamn station on the dial on most radios. We're going to have a parade. Not that he's nervous you understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. But this has got to be a bloated regs ego because he wants to be the sports maven thing. I mean, if they're like, if two people, if they play like a pickup game in somebody's neighborhood, we want to have the exclusive rights to with here on QM and we'll pay any amount to get those rights to by the way. You know what I'm saying? You want me to ask you though. That's right. By the way, so you people over there at the, at the Athens. Yeah, that's going to be the call of the call of the call of the, they've applied to the FCC for W a f n. The Athens. You've got to fan in New York. You got the aphid in Miami. Oh, well, I can't get aphid in. There's already an aphid in. So they wanted the next best thing. The Athens. Ha ha ha ha ha. This is so perfect. Everything about this, just when we're in the middle of the dog nae the summer and you think nothing could possibly be going on. And now that give us some juicy, beautiful material, the sink our teeth into and there's nothing like having something juicy, the sink your teeth into. Exactly. Got all mighty. Sports radio fans to get new station in South Florida, writes very jackass on not on the front page of the sports section on the front page of the front section. I freaking hailed out like that. Oh my god. I got up this morning. I get my newspapers that come back in and I took a look at that headline. No problem at all. This was this was better neat than the pizza truck, right through me. Just like that. Okay, H bomb hit my intestinal track. Yep. Thanks Barry Jackass. You fat little puddwacker. You know who I am? I'm very jackass. And you know Neil, a lot of the stuff you say about me is true. Yeah, you're a fat little mama's boy puddwacker, Barry. That's it's around and I want to call yourself the couch potato. Man. Writing for a major market news paper. The night reader people know what you know something to wonder they had a leaf town. I think it's the embarrassment factor. That's why they had a leaf town go to California. The embarrassment factor put not this rag day after day pretending to be a major market newspaper pretending that they wore what they used to be like 25 30 years ago. I got your bill cost for it is rolling over in his grave and lots of other people who have writing in a big newspaper in the sky who've written for this paper back in those earlier days when it had a little bit of credibility. When it wasn't just a pandering rag. Yeah, see they hate us and we hate them. So therefore here's a story that ordinarily might make it, you know, back in berries or in your recall on the back pages in the sports section. But this makes it on the front page of the front section believe me. I would have bought a publicity they want. I'm going to spend the whole day day to day promoting Robin Cox or whatever her name is Fox Cox, whatever it is Robin Fox, she's my favorite. Yeah. And the the Aston, 1700 WL Aston. This is beautiful. So you know, I hate to break the news to you, but the sports nerds they just don't get it. See there's not even a room in this market for one sports station much less for two. We're just faking our way through here. But by the way, you guys over there, Tony, whatever your name is, kind of call out that you whatever your name. If you want the Marlins, you can have them after tomorrow's game. Oh, you go. We got a nice 105 start tomorrow for the pregame show. So we're keeping a Marlins at least to tomorrow. But after that, they're all yours sweetheart. And you can also pay a John Henry to while you're at it. And that's right from the horses. Back to him. I'm going to say after 10 to 5 60 WQAM, one of only two sports stations in this major mark. We want you to make sure you know that 1700 on the dial. Can you pick it up on your radio? And nevertheless, go find somebody who can pick it up and then the station too. Oh, yeah, me. It's fun. Oh, can't know. So far. Fine, I'm going to go number. I got up that plane after shopping in San Coo City, or the money away. I thought they're going to throw the expensive bottles and jewels. And doing the band's producing, actually, I could identify who's my goal. And they would just let people go there. I'm not there yet. But I did not get them trouble. So I just got them those wives. Get them get their videos like they were silly about my life with special favor. After all, my husband's brother will soon be your dictator. I'd like to go with a Vita. I'd buy anything. I need an adjustment thing on. I'll be just receiving the value. When I get back from this fall. Oh, yeah. 15 at 560 WQM 11117 all sports stations in San Florida. And to watch the way that they reacted to this stuff around here, I remember back, I was still a L. I would do when they put this 1210 F.Y. And everybody was going, oh yeah, there's going to be other all sports stations in QA. I'm in big trouble. And I can only even begin to imagine how they were like, what in their underpants in this place back then. Now, all they're doing is running around a hallways going. And then Greg, we came in there four times this morning and went, and our program director, Pussy Golo, he came in there 16 times. But of course, I know what it came in here for. But nevertheless, sports radio fans to get new station in South Florida, very jackass on a front page of the prestigious Miami-Herald. Why if you're asked with a baby, don't put it in the bottom of the bird cage unless you hate your bird. WQM 560 AM, South Florida's only all sports radio station. Thank God. It's about to get competition from a new sports station whose line-up will include popular New York based talk show host, Don Iman, who died 16 years ago, and nobody told him. And former Marlins for Spaceman, more test these to strata. There you go. Yeah, more test these. That's what we need. Anybody remember him? No. Couldn't his wet, a head is wet of a paper sack. Several sources said to that master media group of Miami, led by former WQM sportscaster, Tony Colot by Yud, has signed an agreement to least WRNU 1700 AM, a Miami-Stace that's been Final casting Spanish language radio, UNICA programming, but also wears on 12-10 AM. Colot the Yud, who will be the new station's majority owner and general manager, confirmed that by the first week of August. Give us much time to prepare. I'll tell you that. By the first week of August, the 1700 signal will switch to an English language all sports format because right now they're not doing English. They're going. They'll pick it in place. The 17-embracineral will switch to an English language all sports format except for IMSs general dead talk show from 6 to 10 AM, where you can turn on a dead man sitting in a chair on a radio. Or you can watch him on MSNBC too if you got the cable like all the rest of us. The strata who played for the Marlins their first two years, 1993 and 1994, owned a significant minority interest in the new station. And we'll host the four, of course, that's your only way to get on here here is to buy his way in. We'll host the four to 17-embracineral with Kalata Yud and possibly Harold Kalamaz, Dan Lobastard, who's in negotiations with the station. Dan Lobastard, at least any won't be up here screwing up our phone calls near the room all the time. Like he was a couple of months ago. Get out of here, Dan you jackass. Oh, the Marlins didn't win the world series. The Cubans won it. I'm a Cuban. Yeah, go be a Cuban. Okay, Dan get out of our face. Oh, this is the best. The station has applied to the FCC to change its call letters to W-A-F-N. The A-F-N. It will be known as Sports Talk 1700 Defense. The signal can be heard throughout South Florida. Now let me interrupt at that point my reading of very jacksons and brilliant column. That was on the front page and he heard this morning that started on the front page. And that continues on page 7. Let me just interrupt at that point. And yeah, not that very whatever make a mistake you understand. You don't talk at about... Hey, stop it. Not that very whatever make any mistakes. But unless he was alone or with somebody. Like mommy. The signal can be heard throughout South Florida. The problem being that if you have a car for example, that's older than a year or two, your car radio won't see this is the FCC created the so-called expanded frequency, which most of us forgot about. Thank God. So most radios don't pick up 1700 in fact W-S-R-F, which is like 1610 or something like that. Barely makes it on a lot of radios. It's like on the right hand edge. Just like we're on the left hand edge down at the bottom of the dial. I think five 30s like the very end on the ass end. 1610 or 1620 used to be the upper end on the right side. But now they've had this expanded frequency thing. So if you've got a car radio that's like a very, very brand new. Or if you went out and just bought a brand new radio, you are one of those 400 people that can pick up this thing. I have a radio in my kitchen. And when I read this this morning, I went to the kitchen to turn on my radio. And it goes to 1634. Will it pick up the affin? No, no. We have a little radio that David Gravy line gave us as a present. When we moved into the studio downstairs and came over to QAM, we'll let pick it up. No, it was the 1600. So I'm very jet and of course I did listen to the signal in my car. Leave it for work. And yes, I can't pick it up. And it's got a real annoying super headed line. Why not signal number one and number two. It's crackly and poppy. It makes our signal sound fantastic, which is saying a lot. But nevertheless, getting back to Barry. And this is the best. Okay, everybody, strap yourselves in. Okay, strap yourselves in right now. You're writing for it. Get the shovel out. I believe we can be on par with WQM in a very short period of time. Kalapayud said the programming will be incredibly cost effective. In other words, everybody's working for like 50 cents an hour. What is really saying? I'm talking about cost effective. Unlike WQA, I'm the station will not have rights to any of the local teams. Usually an important element for all sports stations. WQA is spending more than $35 million dollars along to your contracts for the Doffins, the Marlins and the Panthers. WQA is also the process of finalizing a multi-year contract to carry a university of Miami school. So if you think there's a lot of spots on there now, just wait. See, one thing, let me interject again before I continue and believe me. This is a long. It's got their whole schedule. It's got the name is everybody who's going to be listening to it. I mean, Harold really went whole hog this time. You know what I'm saying? The whole hog. But those people that were complaining in it's very timely, too, by the way. Nice phony act in there, Joe, little dog. That comedy you put out with our program director last week. See, he was just trying to get canceled and get out of his contract to go over to where they are. They didn't work. All you want to put is getting a two-day suspension. Loosen two days pay and looking like a hard ass. But nevertheless, those people that are complaining and bitching, which is become very fashionable out about the intensive spots on this radio station. Well, you can switch from one end of the dial from all spots radio to the other end of the dial to no spots. Oh, anybody going to buy a spot on his station? Oh, no. How about a dollar a hour? You want to buy some spots on the affin? No, no. Of course not. And by the way, let me just also interject one other thing. I've spoken to 54,000 people since Joe's unacceptable tire weight last week. I mean, the nine and a brace are long. What we need the money to pay John Henry and Wayne. But the problem on his radio station with a format isn't so much all the spots. It's those stupid goddamn sports updates. I'm listening to Hank going home yesterday when he finally came on after four minutes of theme song. And I'm listening to go on home. And he does his first segment there. And then we go to the first commercial thing about two, fourteen. That goes on for about six minutes. Okay, 220, which is a long break. But 220 become back. Do we come back to Hank? No. They didn't sip and horrible update music comes on. And as soon as you hear that music, you're like, oh, God. Please tell me. We just got through here and the same updated to a clock. Hank came on and said, hello, here I am. I'm a chulas. And here's what I'm going to talk about today. We play six minutes of spots. And then we go into another update, which you already heard this crap. The worst format in the history of radio. And that of course that does fall. So Joe, I take back what I said, you're right. No. Oh, Jesus. Tell us. Build it. Anyway, getting back to bury Jackasses, bringing calm this morning. And by the way, we're in big trouble. You want to know why? Because I heard that they got the secret weapon. They're going to hire a way to sand the shandas. Do their promotions over there. Uh-huh. That's the deal. How can we possibly compete if they're going to have sand the shandm over there? Going to vacate that temporary orifice of his over across the whole. The whole. I don't think he'll ever vacate that orifice. Anyway, getting back to bury his brilliant calm. I'll not let you do. Did my pronouncing his name right? Does anybody know? So the station eventually will pursue rights to proteins. How do you like that? You believe it, huh? No. WQF. These are guys that haven't got a pot of pee in, okay? That more testies this throttle is a big plan to find. He's coming over selling his house, moving out here to Miami again. And they're giving him a part of the station to be on the air. Here, you want a piece? You want a piece? Here's Robin. Yeah. Show give you a piece. No worries. We're going to promote the hell out of here. Show. We're on SPR whatever make police station you're on. This is a town with make believe talents, make believe radio stations, make believe signals. And everybody's in a dream world. Oh. Including Greg Reed, by the way. Mr. Sports, Mr. Hatcha. We're going to have to have a parade when we've been. We're going to knock them off in three months. No, they're not even going to make a blip on the Richter scale. Don't you understand that? Not even a blip on the micro Richter scale. You idiot. And he's running around here. Trying to tell him to forget about it. Nobody can even pick the station up and he's going. Yeah. He's psychotic. So it shouldn't make you feel real good over there. All you people at the app and that you already got this guy pulling his hair out. And you don't have much. Anyway, Kalata you said the station eventually will pursue rights to pro teams. WQMs, dolphins contract is got three years left and WIOD's heat contract is got four years left. The marlins are in the third year of a five year deal with QAM and the relationship has been rocky. Says Barry, both parties and Faul lawsuit against each other. And like I said, you want the marlins after tomorrow's one o'clock game. You can have them, okay? And that came right from the head. Geez. Kalata you would station already has acquired rights. Now here we go again. Very jackass. I don't want to say you never make a mistake unless you were alone or with somebody. Has already acquired rights to Sunday afternoon and FL games. As long as they don't their opposite dolphin games on QAM. Is that right? No, we already have the rights to that. College football, college basketball. The Stanley Cup playoffs. We have the rights to that. So is that right? The 2000 Olympics. So we've got a whole list of things that QAM's already got under contract and so on up. But don't confuse Barry with that. You can tell Barry anything and he'll put it in the paper. And of course, there's nobody at the end to hold a text at the time to check if any of it's true. Because you know, accuracy is not part of the hero's goal anymore. Just putting all those ads in there. Like us. A lot of ads. Only we're honest about it. They're all pretends it's like a real newspaper. It's just a lot of pages so they can stick all those ads in there and make a lot of money and rate the public and rate the community. We've stayed in doing for 100 years. Anyway, let me put a little after this gun and we'll get back because I want to make sure that I give them all the publicity in the world. I don't want them to come on and say if only that fat bag would have talked about us. We might have an audience over here even though nobody can pick us up on their radios. So I'm going to talk about you. Okay? Cause we're terrified over here. We're being in our goddamn pants about the app. That's right. Oh my god. Front page in the Harold. This thing barely even merits like I said. Barry's usual column stuck way back in there with the race results and all that crap. You know, on the second-alized page of this board section, it barely merits even being in there. And it's on the front page like something revolutionary is going to happen to broadcasting it to the entire software community. You people need to got them shrink over there. You really do need to shrink it. 1026 at 560 WQA. I want to give you the real thing in here. 560 WQA is about to present the seniors' gun in joy with their hoog in it for hours of golf. For those of you who have no personality, no sense of humor, really don't care about your life. Except for golf. And the whole can is now approaching the whole. That's the board's green-plad belly spending with all of her hands. Look at that stain of the back of the nose. And this is, well, it's a beer result from being a POW back in World War II. I think he was a cartel. I could have showed you. And we're finished putting the nine iron back into his bag and pulling out a brand muffin. That's a brand muffin. Yes, I believe it looks like a brand muffin. He's getting back into the hole and closing the coffin door. I thought he was dead already. That's difficult to tell of this game. So this is your store on WQA. Yeah, they'll never get that on the Yaffe and then by the way, on this show, we're laughing at the Yaffe. So when are we getting back to Barry's column, which is very amusing when you come right down to it. And especially, you know, about a subtle as an elephant in your goddamn bathroom. Putting this on their front page like your fool and somebody over there to hear all okay with your goddamn vendetta's, which is what you're all about. Oh, yeah, we're going to get them all right. We're going to give these people a big send off. Well, maybe if you can get them on a spot on the dial or somebody might be able to hear them, then people be concerned about, okay? You idiots over there, you far-bissing a glam, but anyway, getting back to Barry's great column. The strata, this is more testy now. You remember him? The strata? No. 37 had been working as the Tampa Bay Devil raised director of community development until resigning in January. He's selling his home in Tampa and he'll be able to buy a residence in South Florida. Are you ready for this? He's got a buyer residence here? Oh, fire house. Oh, my God, more testies. I'm quite comfortable talking about sports besides baseball says this strata, who retired after playing in Japan in 1995. He played one year at Coral Park High in two years at Miami Columbus High. I follow the NBA and college basketball quite extensively. He says, I used to have a TV show a couple of times a month in Tampa. There you go. Calapa, you 36 was a successful investment banker before becoming a part-time host on WQM in 1995. Anybody remember him? No. No. He was a sportscaster at the ABC TV affiliate in West Palm Beach. I guess that's channel 12, which I guess Barry couldn't just say channel 12 in West Palm. In West Palm for your an happy 4 leaving in January of 1988 to care for his son Anthony, who since overcome cancer. Calapa, you said, two unidentified, unidentified, unidentified, and he's not a businessman, also on stakes in the station and he's talking to a few local pro athletes about investing. I don't understand any of this. No. In other words, they've bought the station. They're changing the format the first weekend August. And he owns a piece and more testies owned a piece. And two guys who are want to stay anonymous and probably for obvious reasons. And he's still, you know, he's like, can't even watch. He's still looking to sell a piece here and a piece there. And he buyers? No. No. And then that is if that isn't enough. Okay, this big front page article for a Phantom radio station on a Phantom frequency that most of you can't pick up. I will never find on a real radio. Here, Barry Jack has just got the likely lineup for the effort. The stations weekday lineup will look like this. 6 to 10 am. Don, I'm a boy. Who's popular morning show, heirs on the, What was the nation's first and most famous all sports station WFAN in New York? The fan. I'm as discuss sports politics and other topics when he isn't taking deep breaths and sucking oxygen to try to look alive. What you don't do very well. 10 am to 2 pm. Oh, oh, now it's time to get real nervous. Okay. 10 am to 2 pm. It sounds like right opposite. Oh, God. Likely former WQA of host Scott Kaplan and Sid Rosenberg on a sports talk show that will run opposite Neil Rogers spelled wrong with the D. Neil Rogers highly rated general talk show on WQA. Don't fire house. Oh, my God. Kaplan a former kicker at the University of Pittsburgh at a graduate of Crosst brings high. Currently does a show with Rosenberg on four-later day LBCBS sports line, a national service on the internet. They do a show on the internet. Is anybody listening? No. Okay. Now, I remember that on this station on Saturdays and the weekends before the beastly weed people bought this place. I'm trying to think it was they make a Lenny Martiz. They make Robert the grim creeper sound like watercrunk. That's ugly these guys are okay. Are you getting the drift of this? Yeah. Yeah. Scott Kaplan and Sid Rosenberg, the two live Jews on the tend to do midday. Bring them on baby. Oh, you're your best shots sweetheart. Oh. Now, Hank's got some real problems here. I'm telling you that right now. He's in deep. Deep crap, Hank. That was funny. To the 4 PM, two options are being considered. Taking up two hours of mic-francessa and cross-rucose popular show, Mike and a mad dog on the York's WFA in, or airing two hours of Washington Post-Con, this Tony Cornheiser's program on ESPN radio. Airing two hours of gym roll misindicated show is the third option if neither of the first two materializes. You know, gym roll with the contract controversy. You know him? Oh, yeah. For the 70 and now it gets really heavy heavy studio. Okay. This is where I think we could have some real serious problems as if my kid and mad dog ain't bad enough. And I'm missing the two live Jews. Tony Kalata Yud or more testies this strata and possibly Dan La Bastard, 4 to 7. How can you knock off a line up like that? I think we're done. You think we're done? Uh-huh. We're finito, baby. Finito, but it's all. Kalata Yud had interest in WQM's Joe Rose, but Rose says he'll stay at WQM. How do you like that? Just when we thought he was out, Jamf, he comes back in. La Bastard also works for ESPN ESPN radio and is full of crap. If you ever read one of his columns, you know, he's really full of crap. 7 to 9 p.m. The sports night club talk show, which he'll originate from several software locations will include a woman and the two young Hipp males, Kalata Yud said, the woman will be Judy Prado, a sports anchor for her tele Miami, a Spanish cable TV. In other words, it's starting to sound amazing with Dan La Bastard and Judy Prado and all these other Julios. This is going to be like a Julio sports station and more testies this drama. Maybe they can do the shows in Spanglish. That sounds good to me. 9 p.m. the 1 a.m. Yeah, let's get her on here too. Yeah, let's get Robin Fox on there. That bitch. Come on, sweetie. Okay. Anyway, 9 p.m. the 1 a.m. at least part of the four hours will likely include sports junkies. They syndicated to a Washington DC featuring four guys in a bar. There you go. Just like what George is always said, a sports bar with a microphone. Yeah. A gambling show from 9 to 10 p.m. is also under consideration. Oh, this is what you will need a gambling show for when we are going to have to hand get a cap on. We already got two gambling shows on this station. We need another gambling show. Oh, like we need a hole in ahead. A gambling show hosted by the late Muggie Solomon 9 to 10 p.m. on the Aphan. And then overnight several options that are in the next generation including national programming from ESPN radio. There you go, boys and girls front page story. Today is Miami Harold something we can really sync our T- Our Tuts and do now. The Aphan 1700. We have anybody in the audience, by the way, that's tried to pick up 1700 on their radio either at home or in your car or rather a little transistor sister and can't find 1700. Let's hear from them immediately. We've not seen them. Okay. In fact, I think of better way if anybody has been able to pick it up except in their brand new car like yours. That would even be more elucidating. 1700. No speaking in English. All sports radio. 560, 50560, on the AT&T wireless line. I'm telling you the audience is probably like. We're ventilating especially the sports there's man. Can you imagine the options now all the way all that will be back and forth from one end up from the bottom end of the top end. Just like Ricky Martin says, there's nothing like going from the bottom of the top. He likes to better run the bottom. Oh God, Neil. Uh-ey. Hey, this has been from Manmaster, right in the cycle. Hey, if you're fishing for a good time, come bring up. Feel free to stroke our pole. Give them a shake. Feel how hard these suckers are. That's right. Or you use your pole better fails. Wow, we have a fine selection of bashing conscious corrective eye glasses. For those who use their poles a little too much. No, no, no way. Playin' master, right in the cycle. We're our ladies, partners, world famous because our pole 5 right. Lady, want to get that fishy smell off your hand. Sleep in Master Bacon's cycle. Man, you after the big one, we got some big hookers for you and their shape hookers too. Wow, we even got jailbed only 13 years old. Can't be a snake and sprain your leg and good. Hey, and why you're out there on the boat? You might want to get off. Cause those are my skaters with carry away. Get on them. Hey, you're a master of your own domain. Get a grip around your rod and stroke it on down. The band master bite in the tackle. We're not hard to find. Once you come play, you'll come again. That grip, the moment down. We're not hard to be found. And the master bites and tackles the bestack. Ooh, the round. 1044, 560 WCM. By the way, for very jackass and the people at the hero than Tony Kalato, you would know he's in the more testies. I don't want to say that Greg Reed is psychotic. I run around going, uh, yeah. He was just in here again during the last break. I'm like, uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, I'm dead. Love competition. You know, nervous. There's a goddamn chicken in a, in a Fox house. If there's such a thing. Just calm down. Okay, this is a, I, I would love to be a fly in a wall. Back when we were going to put that 12-10 PS go on here. And everybody around here was going, Ah, this guy is falling into the world. Don't you understand, there is no such thing. There's no marketplace. Nobody cares about these things. They still don't get that doing. Oh no. God. In fact, I'm going to tell you something. When they go on the first week in August, the best thing we can do is stop talking about a lot of this golf and lady soccer and all this other book. And let these people talk about some general stuff. It'll be full-possed. Double the goddamn audience. Okay. Instead of talking to the same talking is narrow casting. So we can make Greg Reed feel good about himself. It comes in this morning. We're in a jack strap. Okay. Comes back from two weeks vacation. Comes in a we're in a jack strap to prove that he's Mr. Sports. Mr. Macho. And we still don't believe it. And by the way, where those doctor pictures of you being a plan 40 years ago, we're still waiting to see those. God. It's working like a charm guys. You've got these people as banging off the walls around here. They're psychotic. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Let me say it again. Yes, sir. Oh, my phone was crepping. I say I have a brand new pioneer stereo. I can't pick up that damn thing. It only goes to 1600. Oh, my God. The only thing that I don't anything that can pick it up on is a cheap transit to radio. And it sounds like. What? Like that. Yeah. With a home in the background. That's annoying. Well, thanks for tuning into 1700 the F. Okay. And that'll be the last time. Hey, and even more important had you heard the news. They're going to make another godfather movie. Yes. Thank you. We're laughing at the F. I heard the news and also President Lincoln's better bed. Hey, okay. Thank you, sir. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I don't see any excitement about this. Of course, there's nobody in town. Boy, it was a pleasure coming to work this morning. It was like, they just dropped the nuclear weapons all over town. There's nobody out there. All right. But after spending 45 minutes on this, I think there'd be some kind of response. And specials since we have all these sports people that are so concerned. And think that all you people that's all you care about all god damn they long is like golf and soccer. And if I hear one more, I'll worry about basketball. You know, I'm driving a work this morning. And I do punch over there to 17. I'm going to see what it sounds like and what their signal is. And if I can pick it up in the car. And I punch back over to us. And I'm thinking Jesus Christ, how come they're not talking about this? What are they talking about? Banski at ball basket at the next this and the next that at basketball and the rules. And I thought to myself, I'm going back to the Athens. You know, and they're not even speed. They're going back to the in the Espanore. Let me know what they were. I'm going back to the Athens. But I'm going back to the Athens if they don't start talking about something more interesting than this. Talk about one dimensional. 560 5960 on the 18th year. This while we're looking for a spy reports from people that can't pick up 17 number on their radio dial. Just to make Greg read for you a little bit more secure. In fact, the thing is calling and say, that's coming in loud and clear by me. Please do it. Here is a candle. Hello. candle. Do you believe the power of the school is the same? Do you believe this? We can speak it. Hello. Yes, good not that speaker. Get on the phone. This is a high price radio show. Yes? Okay, that was good. That was beautiful. 560, 560, pound 560, I don't even see what I'm saying. Only the degenerates like that bitch are less than 10. And probably that Robin Nushlock. Whatever her name is. Yeah, she's in town. She's on WSBR by the way. She's coming in a radio near you as soon. Maybe she'll call us back on these days and tell us what time she's going to be on. But not for too long honey. Okay, don't push it. See, she was on WAMI. That's where that all came in. Somebody over there at WAMI put her up to make a net call yesterday. Right out of the box, right out of her box. At the beginning of the show. Oh, yeah. Siphon off that Neil Rogers. He's the only one that's got the audience. And so, and plug this show. She don't look all that bad. She's got the huge hudders. I'll tell you that. Geogenic teaps. Or as managed would say, 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Pompano. Hello. Yes. I'm no big fan of the hair all the rain and my bad. But sometimes the EQEM can get a bit ridiculous with it's broadcasting. In the morning show sucks. No, no. What is that guy doing with the hair all of? Well, they're out for more in this new station. Yeah. But is this a front page story in any market in the market? Of course not. Of course not. But realistically, when you hear Hank interviewing a pitching coach for Miami, higher, the morning show. First thing I'd like to try to run this morning, I'm a golf at 6 o'clock in the morning. Right. So let me talk about something. What do you think they're going to be talking about on the app? Okay. Well, at least I want to listen to 40 minutes of commercials on the hour. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I don't know. Welcome to 17 number. Never good time with a two. Okay. Great. You can't with it. There's a guy that can't wait. Let's hear from all these other people that can't wait. You know, I encourage you to tune in when they start. Because you know, it's going to be like bad high school radio. I was going to say high school radio, but I always catch myself because that I want to interrupt. I don't want to insult my friends at KPX if I have any since that music is because we all know it's better than all the other FM and this market. It's going to be worse than bad high school radio and you know that. You know that, sir. So this guy wants to take an opportunity to remember if you don't like the radio station fine, I understand that. And there are plenty of people there who listen between it 10 and 2 who are interested in sports talk radio. Okay. I'm not interested in sports talk radio. I couldn't give a flying craft less about sports talk radio. Especially when there's a whole bunch of punks on a year talking about stuff they have no idea about or other guys on a year telling us about how much money they made gambling that I'd be for, which they're lying through their teeth anyway most of the time. Who is that interesting? Is it anything? First not. It's crap. Five, six, seven. That's why it took me the first two months. I had a fight to thumbnail here with these idiots out there to try to convince them. Hey, I hate to break the news today. I wasn't hired here to do a sports show. I don't do a goddamn sports show. Okay. I don't come to work with a jox strap on. They won't even let me in a goddamn locker room. Okay. So cut the crap. To me, two months, convince this guy they're modding into that. The sports holes out there. Oh, dude, this is terrible. He's not even carrying that press conference today with the lady-like golfer. Yeah, I remember very Jack Ash wrote that in the beginning. Oh, my God. What's going to every time Jimmy comes his hair again, Neil isn't going to interrupt to show it to put it on the air and suck Jimmy's ass. You got to let it heal up for four hours a day anyway. Okay. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I get 1700 in loud and clear of course you need a tramboiter to understand what the elders say. Oh, right. Yeah, I think they're going to be doing spanglish sports is what it sounds like to me with a press Prado and all these other people. More techies, Bill Dronna. Yeah, they're running a, the pigs are implantation or out and forced on not pill just before Broward. We had three of them on motorcycle sitting on the side of the road. Okay. Thanks for the good news. I'm keeping laughing at the happen. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, right off the line. Like I said, if it's a stirmed eating here all those spots, you'll love turning over the no spots radio. There was anybody in the right mind that would buy a spot on at station. They're going to have no audience. They're going to have like a bunch of money. And again, this reminds me it's like the whammy of radio. Same thing. Oh, and by the way, we had the inside story that Joe Rose was over there. So, we were seeing there. This is a very authoritative spy report that Joe Rose was negotiating with them and they broke it off in the negotiations too. So maybe then had something that would Joe carrying on over here and putting on that sham act of his with Tony in a hallway last week. I think that's what that was all about. Think we buy that comedy you played with our pushy galore there in a hallway, Joe. We don't buy that. You're not fooling us. Nobody fools a call, you only. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the 18T on how do you like that Joe Rose? You know something here's a guy. These ex-docs they make me crack me up. You know what? Here's a guy who want to kiss the guy named Brown. And he's a pretty good guy. He's got to head the size of Montana. And I'm not talking about Joe. And then this guy's running around looking for something better for a better deal. He's over there talking to a bunch of little, a burnt ops who are going to make play play though radio or got an director set. And he's negotiating with them. He ought to be kissing the guy then. Ground that he's on a year. You know what I'm talking about? Yep. Yes you do. God. And when Burrison and the fixing the guy damn Gapin is teach so it could be until I've been without people being in their pants watching on their on channel six. Wasn't embarrassing enough that he was on there with Tony Sugar Wedder. That would be embarrassing enough for almost anybody else. But he's walking on it with the ten minute Gapin is teeth. Come on, Joe. You better stiff the panties. Okay, kiss the ground. You're getting paid to do this crap. Here's Cape Coral. Hello. Any other company allowed to clear over here. Where are you? Coling Cape Coral. 17 never comes in in Cape Coral. 17 hundred loud and clear in a cold free number. All right. Not you, Littick. Okay. Excellent. They got a toll free number for the West Coast. Of course you can't understand what they're saying. In fact, I got a toll free number for all of North America. That's it. Let's start making up a bunch of stuff and embarrass this bastard. And then, because he, I'm telling you, I've seen more him this morning already in the first hour and a half. I've been in the building that I haven't lasted months and believe me, I'm not too happy about it. Boy, boy, every five minutes, Greg reads in here again. Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop and. Oh, and the Harold, alienation of affection, whatever he's talking about. I don't know what he's talking about. Where's it hinting that to anyone who's talking about. He's talking about malice and alice and malice of forethought. I mean, just relax. Okay, what is wrong with you, man? What is wrong with you? QAM is mentioned here, 50,000 times. Are you really that stupid? You don't understand that we're the ones getting all the free publicity? Are you that dumb? Huh? What do you got to say about that, Greg? Yeah. Here's a Spire Report in Heaven, sure, hello. Yeah, Neil, good morning. Good morning, Tuesday. Good morning, Tuesday. Good morning, Tuesday. I have one of these. Boats, wake, ready, yo. Can't get it. You can't get it on a boat. You don't want to go away. Those expensive, wave radios. That's right. Can't I pick up 1700? Boy. Have a good day. Thanks for laughing. Waffin, thank you so much sir. This and you've seen those things that have been advertised. Those are really great radios. You know, with a great sound and the, those waves. Those are very fancy, fancy radios. Can you pick it up on there? No. Can't pick it up. And we got this general manager with his black suit running around here. They all dressed in black like he's going to a funeral running around here. Go on. But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, like that. About a station that you can't even pick up. You know something I love to see. I'd love to see somebody buy IOD from Clear Channel before they put the condos up there and black out the signal I have to shout it out here. I'd love to see somebody buy that thing and put it all sports. And get somebody's people off their ass. Get them all. You know what I'm saying? That's what I think we need in this joy. Some of these people are a little bit too complacent. They need a kick and a ass. Get off your duck. That's right. That's what they need to do. Get off your duck. Right. Right now. God damn it. Put a little bit of pressure on these people instead of just sitting there thinking they can mumble their way through four hours. And, uh, everybody's going to kiss their fat ass just for showing up every day, you know? Take a little bit more effort than that. You can't just mail it in. You don't want to talk about your can't just mail in the show. You can't just sit back there in a chair with a big goddamn Salami and she's sandwiching your mouth. I'm sending that you're a sort of a big hug. Yeah, it was hysterical. I thought so. Put a little effort in there. Pretend you want to be here, okay? Be like me. Be a maniac. Be a madman. What do you think people tune this in for, okay? This show is like a mega. I mean, magnet. Magnet rhymes with. That's right. We're laughing at the app in 1700. So far we've taken 728 calls. 710 of them can't even pick the goddamn thing up. And our general manager to show you what a rocket scientist is guy is. He's running around a building, uh, making a hyperventilating sounds. Like, that. Yeah, he is. maniac. I'm telling him just relax. Don't read the Sun Sentinel. Girl read time, jick is calling me like this. At least he likes me anyway. In a capplin. God. 1056 at 560 WDQN. And the best part of the whole deal is this is Greg Reeds. Good buddy. This is the only guy who returned his phone calls is very Jack Ash. Did you return my phone call? No. Thanks. Anybody else that works here? No. Okay, she'll call him back in a heartbeat. This is his good buddy. Who stabs him in the back on a front page of the newspaper. Nice going, Greg. The best part of the whole deal is this. I'm going to call him back in a heartbeat. I'm going to call him back in a heartbeat. I'm going to call him back in a heartbeat. I'm going to call him back in a heartbeat. I'm going to call him back in a heartbeat. I'm going to call him back in a heartbeat. I'm going to call him back in a heartbeat. I'm going to call him back in a heartbeat. I'm going to call him back in a heartbeat. I'm going to call him back in a heartbeat. I'm going to call him back in a heartbeat. I'm going to call him back in a heartbeat. No matter how hard it's right. Yes. Can't be so today to gather to power with you. She won't touch up his name. Chastady, I'm grieving. It's so hard in the living. For the three and the last sun. Today to guide you freely, huns, huns, huns. I can believe Jesus that's the end of the year. I'm not gonna die. You must be something wrong to get. I really don't know where I went wrong now. I can believe Jesus that's the end of the year. I really don't know where I went wrong. Maybe he hurt something, he'd been out so well. I'm going to let him know. I'm going to 3560, WK Reneword winning the AROUND. Show her in the Wednesday where everybody's in the building running around in circles. Screaming and shouting and having a risk breakdown. You know, just stay calm like me. Why are you? People so goddamn. Excitable. One is wrong with you people. God damn it. Just stay calm. Christ. Papa. Papa. I've never seen so much activity in here. And in the year and a half that I've been working in this day and joint. They're all running around here like a bunch of radals in heat. They're spinning around. They're bouncing off the walls. and off the walls and the good ship and I didn't even come any yet today. Good stuff for incoming until about two thirty is what I hear. What is wrong with you people huh? God damn fucking idiots. There's a little piece in the paper there because there's somebody want to take a son on a station and nobody can like I said before can you imagine can you even begin to imagine if somebody if these people would have bought out I O D if they would have robbed a banker something and the bought out I O D from clear channel or some station with a real signal that somebody ever heard before like on the dial that you can actually find that I can't even begin to imagine what these people would be doing here. They they'd be jumping out of windows. And in some cases with some assistance to by the way, but I'm going to tell you I feel really wounded our good post personal friend Joe Rose going over there and consorting with the enemy you got some their mister okay. Anything good I ever said about him in the past I would draw it right now. He's a snake just keep your eye on him he's a snake in the grass he's a children of wood pile the little dog. Here's Miami hello. Miami. Nice talking to you okay have a great day here's North Miami Mobile and dear field hello. The other morning yes sir. 1700 whammy mountain static. Say it again. 1700 whammy mountain static. Whammy. Yeah just like the whammy. P.B. station. Okay thanks to the good news. 567. 560 they can pick it up in their field there's a guy in their field Greg you know what I'm saying you better get all real panicky now fire you. 560. 560. 560. And I would give you the whole line of his anybody got any comment about that. Oh you want to know why because the sports they're journalists in this show anyway. All of a interesting yesterday when I make an offhand comment about people that play golf are all about to have faggotts. People that watch golf on television are a bunch of no life whims and all of a sudden we had four hours of history out there. You would have thought that I just said that the governor's wife is a croaker something like that. My god these people had an ever spiked out. Because I told him that golf is boring and terminal anybody who watches it is a no life low life scumbag and I stand by that statement and everybody has spoken to by the way since that shows that yesterday said absolutely correct that's right. They said what kind of a lifeless piece of turrets sits around watching other guys hit golf balls. You've got to be off your rocker you've got to and talking about that. Talking about people playing golf. In fact there you go you people on the app and baby because there's so many lifeless assholes down here. Why not a 24 hour golf channel? How good to be on a radio you can broadcast all the tournaments live. 560560. On a mobile one line here's a mobile in Volca. Yeah Neil. Yes sir. Yeah I have a core event with the boat's gold stereo system. Yes. And it kicks up excellent reception. Like 1,700 sounds terrible. It sounds like you're in a electric storm. Yeah you can hear the dialogue. But it just sounds really bad. If you feel like those last moments of Ted Bundy you know when you hear in that crackling and popping and puking. Exactly and speaking of Ted Bundy. On the how about a she must request on body augmentations. Okay have a great day. Thanks a lot Neil. That's what those were Ted Bundy's last words by the way is what I heard on MSNBC last night. It was so large and in the basket. That's what he said. It was just misunderstood. 560560 pound 560 on the mobile one line. W AFN 1700 we want it now we can't wait till the first week in August. Okay we wanted on there now. In fact if I could pick it up on this guy then that Julio talk of this. I put it on here but I can't pick it up on this uh here we go. Here it is. There you go. There you go nice single guys. Excellent job Tony. Whatever your name is. I think this is a guy that was a board up here for about five weeks. Wait till Robert Greeper starts his own radio station man. Oh come in next week. I bet you I want to make a bet okay I'm not one of these compulsive gamblers like we have on this radio station but I'll bet you by the end of this year we got 17 all sports stations in his time. I can smell it. They're going to have to bring in oxygen for Greeper. If this is the way he's behaving just on the first day keep in mind they haven't even changed the format yet. There's a lot of station that's gone. I bet that you know the most of our people know comprending. What's going to happen at first week in August this man they're going to have to have to have him hooked up the life support system just to keep him functioning. He's so psychotic and I don't care if he denies it to anybody. I've seen firsthand evidence of it if he's been here a hundred and twenty two times already and it's only a little after a little clock at the morning. What does he want from me what am I going to tell him okay? That he's in big deep past trouble. I told him my first advice is let him have the marlins after that want to clock in to our let him have the marlins with your blessing okay tell him they got a page on Henry but they can have the marlins and the ship they wrote it not. Another neck get there a lot of here let me do my show that's all I said. And he's still going. I don't know. Still bouncing around like he's going to a goddamn funeral out there in the hallway. Oh no here old and we're going to sue the hell okay sue everybody okay. sue the world because you were the dummy that made the deal with Wayne that's paying them all a goddamn money that the underlings here ought to be making wishes why half of them are going to jump ship I hear and go to the Athens. That's the scuttle what I'm getting from inside the building all these underpaid underlings around here. They'll all they'll be the first ones out to door. If that guy over there can pay him like 350 an hour they're gone they're history. In fact I wouldn't be surprised starting the first weekend August tanking down to like 15 people doing the show every day instead of 42 because there's somebody who's kids going to pay a lot of here. Wait till they find out about well let's find out who's more testies okay. Hankard at first basement. Drugs the location on its skin or else it gets the hose in there. This is Kevin. Hello, I'm Debbie I'm reducing going through operations time. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Mm-hmm. So there was wondering if it's some tummy tuck and the lip augmentation does not confess so there you face this all of these things. Mm-hmm. And those wondering. Oh you like to start with? Well I need to get everything done. And probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay we don't do that. No could you do breast implants though? Uh I can't be done. The name of the daily would be the worst. The location in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the limbs stop crying yet mommy. It should be. Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It works the location in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction if I saw it to be. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well we'll have to see you first and then upon looking actually we can tell you that we'll only see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? Uh if you'd like to. It works the location in the basket. Well if you like to make an appointment. Yeah. Okay um there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay um. My name is Papal O'Bell. Okay let me get a little information from you okay? Uh probably you. It works the location in the basket. I understand. It works the location in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation fee? It works the location in the basket. Okay. Do you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me back? Okay. It works the location in the basket. I understand. I got my skin suit in the blink of an eye. Bill. It works the location in the basket. I understand that. What you're like? It works the location in the basket. What you like to make an appointment? It works the location in the basket. Okay I will talk to you in the channel okay? It works the location in the basket. Hello. It's flooded the guy I asked for that because a Gregory all morning long he's run around here going. It works the location in the basket. He's lost at baby. He's lost at he's runnin around, uh banging off the walls. By the way, here's a very good fact about the investment of the junior pan and games. Which we lost here in South Florida because the assholes in the day county are all busy going. I also put out accurately by the way that Cuba missed the registration deadline. So they're not attending any way. So it's a mood point. But God forbid a young Cuban athlete should come in here. So the games are going to Tampa and the guy that Hank had on yesterday made a very good point and that is you can forget about any international competition ever coming to the day county again. Eight times the next 500 years. Nice going guys. You banana boat assholes. That's because that's because the Alex penis he's too busy trying to sneak through a penny sales tax in the middle of the summertime. Another bogus election in South Florida. Big county famous for bogus elections. If you're for it, you vote no if you're against it, you vote yes or they have an election but everybody's out of town. Nice going Alex, you faker. By the way, a sandisham in the in the infugust came in here and handed me something really I'm touched by this. Look how looking all the work. If he did as much work on promoting the radio station as he doesn't putting up these stupid things like this, it's like almost a golden boss invitation to me personally invited to be a celebrity golfer at the second annual WCU and celebrity golferman Friday September 24th at the Lago Mar Country Club. God, am I impressed by that? Look at all the work in the time that they wasted putting the other this full color in boss invitation for me to play a stupid German girl. Nice gone sand. By the way, you want to go to the to the to the the happen go right ahead. Will give you a big kiss on the way out. 560 will pack your sandwich. 560 560 and Tom 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. I'm a regular listener and infrequent color. Yes and if a third of put sand and levacard. Well, that's your down. We I don't know if they but but he you can't listen to him. It's impossible listening to him. And if they at that's how I want to I mean when when he goes on that station on on Sunday mornings. My radio collects and I said something morning just is here that four to seven every day. No he's on your station that's. Oh you mean on here yeah. Yeah. And you can't listen to it. Yeah. Well thanks for the good news okay what are you saying? Oh, I probably won't follow. Yeah is there anybody like who didn't come here out of banana boat going to be on his station? Oh no. Like I said it's spanglish sports talk on 1700. 560 5050 5050 and of course we know how big the a who we are. Love that baseball right. That's the a propaganda to keep beating us. Are they going to those games? Oh and they supporting their facial. Oh, they're not. They're not even eating their fish. You know what they're eating. 560 5050 5060 on the mobile one line especially those old trolls. We're doing a show on at the bar by the way for the first time this week old two bin trolls. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi, New. Long time list there and the first time caller. Yeah, I just finished getting a 99 a quarter couple months ago. And I picked up that station with the 1711. And I like and here's a bunch of mumbo jubble. I mean, okay great. Okay that's what I call mumbo jubbo radio. Have a good time with it. Okay that's his first call on is anybody believe that? No 560 5050 5050 on the mobile one line. Let's go to a higher lia. Hello. Hi, Alia. New God. Speaking. Okay, I'll check this out. Up in high, Alia, we can't really get $1,300 as many big antennas with a human family stranded contact to love on the back of the table. Yeah. Okay, whatever you say, pal. Whatever that means, anybody understand what we're talking about? No, but it sounds good to me. You better move the station. Okay Tony, whatever your name is. What does that guy? Tony Katalunia. Whatever his goddamn name is. 560505050 and these people, the best part of the deal is not that they are put on the front page, not that Barry Jack asked wrote as usual, a bunch of misinformation, but the fact that people in here are like taking it seriously instead of laughing or asking with instead of wiping or asking with they are all this morning. See, when you don't know what you're doing, that's what when you're insecure. When you haven't got the foggyest clue of what's going on. When you just locked into a bunch of crap, because somebody else haven't only had a lot of money. You know what I'm talking about? Oh, yeah, I think you do. 5605050505050 on a mobile one line. I thought that these phones would be blazing. Here's your opportunity. Mike at a mad dog. Don, I'm a citizen of morning. Here's your chance to really have a choice. A choice, an alternative. All these people belly it can about too many spots too much of this. They don't like guilty. They don't like this one. I'm waiting to hear it, okay? I don't see anything going on. And this guy's running around in a hallway like he's got same light as dancing his black pants. Of course, you know what Roy said? He said he's got something black in his pants. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Me, you? Yes. First time listening to one time call it. Yeah, good. 56050505060 on a mobile one line. Maybe if you stop looking at bad asses so much, you might be able to have a little less spirit trying to go out and find a life. That might work for your pal. Just a thought. Here's your field, hello. I don't know. Yes, sir. Any other, if I knew God, if I knew God's name, right? Goal thing, I'm waiting for hours and gone. I'm not talking about golf. I'm waiting for hours and that crap yesterday. Well, let's let me just say this. Yeah. I was I was there in the business when they in the building. God damn well, no. You what? I went to the house. Now I woke up the goddamn old. Yeah, you was sleeping? Yeah, and then when I woke up, I seen this guy put in the bow in the room. Yeah. Then it went to a replay today. They say that's that show you the other game. Uh-huh. I'm going to fill up the bed. Uh, they can do it. We're going to hang this up. After pulling back to sleep, yeah. One more thing. Why do you need three full mail? What is this? Why do you need three full mail? I have a dollar price. Yeah, okay. Good question, excellent. What do you need three, four? He's supposed to say like that old bitcher. What do you need three, four? Go back and practice pal. I have to get out of bed. What do you need three, four? Haven't seen that bitch again, by the way. Thank God. She's the epitome of what this town. How could you say all these things about this town? Because they're true. That's why very simple. I'm not the one who invented the banana Republican day county. I'm not the one that chased the guy that didn't panning and games on. No, it's all my fault. I'm just a bad guy looking to create a problem. It's usual. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60, you got a mobile one on here. He's a mobile and pop in a Hello. Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I listen, I get 1700. Unfortunately, it's all Spanish. Yeah. But I just want to ask you, there's a film bit that happened to hurt it in a long time. It's not a woman who calls her husband. Yeah, okay, great. You're not going to hear it today either. It's an old and stale. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You want to talk about what the audience is. Just audience man, one dimensional, same old, tired stuff. If I gave in, if I let the audience run a goddamn show, we played a bridge, tender, spousal arousal, anterior, for other things, until I become an out of your goddamn ears, until I fell out of your record. We've time your shutdown on the throne, okay? One dimensional I got one call on the board. That's how that's how stimulating the audiences. That's how moved they are. And Greg Reed is running around ability. See this audience here between 10 and two, where all your audiences are, hey, the break the news team. Mr. if you can read the book, this audience doesn't give a crap about all this sports nerd bull crap. They don't care. They're not interested. That's why they listen here between 10 and two because they get entertained and it's a breath of fresh air, a tremendous diversion from that same monotonous boring direct 24 hours a day. So the idea of having it in stereo, having it on both ends of the dial, is enough to make these bastards puke. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Great. The reason I called. I thought I was doing great. I thought I was just full of it today. And this audience is usual. Just because there are a lot of talent with those wrong with these people. And the whole of I know. Good. The reason I'm calling is because I never hear you talk about before with MTV. There's a show on their call, Road Rule. Right. And as a funny gentleman, I like before last. I think in her introductory show, they had a young Cuban girl from Los Angeles. And they started off on a round-a-world cruise. This year, I think the theme is going to be a one-year, um, a two-day gentleman, a little Mexican. I don't think there's too many Cubans in Los Angeles. No, it was a Cuban in LA. And they started off from the Bahamas, and met the ship, and they did them first little steel thing they do. And their first, first excursion was into Nevada. And they played a softball tournament. Oh my God. I knew near those cartos. So the, the, uh, Davos players all be flipping them today. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Thank God. They've been a lot of happen here. It's right. Okay, that's really good news. Okay, don't watch that road rules. That row MTV's been banned in South Florida, by the way. We're going to put up a big blocking thing there. So I can't come in on your cable, because they're consorting with Fidel on road rules. You hear that? They're banging on it down there. In fact, I think that's probably Greg. Greg is so distraught, and now he's banging on it. Five, six, seven, oh yeah. Well there's no sense. There's no fear. And he's still looking for the East. He's still got his finger on top of his head. He's searching, you know, bowling ball, man. Five, six, seven, oh five, 60. Pound five, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? I'm doing okay. Oh, you're not going to get a lot of passion about this new radio station. Nobody really, I mean, nobody really cares. Nobody wants you to handle the I'mists and an old man on the radio. And I send my dinner to the Jew town. Yeah. I mean, I just don't know, you know, I don't think you're going to get much response about it. I mean, when is the post of the start? You know, the new radio station. First weekend, August, they said it's a very latest. Well, watch out for the ratings, right? Yeah, I'm peeing in my pants. I'm a member of us about those two Jews. They're going to put on you. And who's on there, exactly? I read the article briefly, but who's who? Don, I'm a, I'm a, yeah. Scott, Kappa, and Sid Rosenberg, who got kicked off this station because they were so boring on a weekend. They could make it on a Saturday. They're going to be intended to opposite me every day. Where the hell is that? Michael, I'm mad dog. And he afternoon from the, uh, I'm not going to get a good. Huh? Not, not, not our mad dog. Oh, Chris, my kind of mad dog from the real mad dog. Oh, yeah. I said that, but it's true. You're like, shaking in your boots. That's your home. Yeah. Tony Catalonia, a more pessimistic strata, Danlla Bastard, and a bunch of other people. Oh, I'll tell you, Rob. And it may be a gambling show. Rob, Rob's pretty cool, though. Who? Rob. Bill, not. You know like Rob? Rob is crap. He's the worst sports talk guy in the history of the world. Oh, I come to do really. The tribe controversy. He is so fake. And he's like the Steve Cain of sports. But you must wait, but you know what I do respect to the guy, which is kind of like how you he did his own thing for many years. He didn't really give a crap. And then he, you know, and then he made it. And now he's got a fake act. I don't care if he made it or not. His whole act is fake and forced and he does. You know, oh, woman, you're, maybe possibly. I don't think your act is fake, though. And you've been, you know, I'm not trying to compare you. Oh, my God, you're doing a gym. Oh, hi, like, well, but just, all right, you're not to show. Have a great day. So you're out of control. You're losing it. If you like gym room, I'll be more happy to promote if they get him on here. I'll tell you exactly when he's going to be on. Keep plank on his toe. Oh, my God. The thing is, they're shortened down a little bit. Okay, now you want to repeat that or one. 1131 and five. Well, see, I'm trying to do a radio show here. Show here. And we got people worried about breasts. Five, six, seven. Look at the tremendous interest we got here today. And it's, uh, top again. We got any interest in this at all. Oh, of course not. And if this was like a real place, you see, they would realize that the majority of the audience don't care about any of these things. That's why it's boring because nobody cares about this craft. Don't they get it? These people here are desperate. They're pulling newspapers and magazine articles out of the waste basket. They throw away six months ago. Just praying they can get through the football season starts. So they can fake their way through. And this guy's running around here. Oh, we're going to sue the hell that it's alienation of affection. That it's, uh, uh, malice, uh, forethought and malice with Alice. I'm telling you, it's just, uh, you know, whatever happened to those few weeks of bliss and heaven. Where could just kind of sit back and give it the old guilty college try and say, I don't give a sh** me more. Yeah, that was fun. That was great. And now all of a sudden it's like everybody's out of control. Joe Rose, he's screaming the elements swearing up a storm in a hallway, trying to get fired because he's trying to get over there to, uh, they happen. And our general manager comes back from a very peaceful week for two weeks for us vacation and he's running around here. Bounce it or not. Look, you got the rubber ball off the wall like a racket ball. We like peace. We like it nice and quiet. It's just like the phone is right now. Real quiet. That's why we like it. Not all of this history over nothing that nobody cares about. With all the, these New Yorkers down here, and we were anything about Mike and a mad dog. Oh, no, I know who they are. Have I ever heard them? No. No. You think we get a little bit of input here if there was any interest. What's the weather, but it doesn't seem to be none. More testies to strata is anybody give a crap about him or remember him? No. No. Plantation, hello. Meal. Yes, sir. Got a call to that question for you. Is somebody like me, we're in a combined new bed. We generally recommend these recommendations on where to go. What do you mean by that? I mean, you know, where do you get yours from? You know, they're good dealer. Move back road to the best. Cool. Is there specific sales from New Yorkers? OK, have a great day, sir. Grossing Greg Nelson and Lou Bakrodo. OK, and tell my son, hi, because obviously you're a friend of his. Oh, my god. Yeah, he's the best Greg Nelson. Of course, I've been trying to get them as a sponsor for years, but our sales department. They're too busy calling on people that I want to talk about. That's our sales and see that these are the kinds of things that Greg read. If he was a real radio guy, should be worried about. Is this gross test business that's going on here? Would Todd's recon some of the other people? And the fact we got copied that was written before with those. What was the baby? Those are the kind of things. But you see, he's not because those are radio things. Does he know anything about those things? No, does he care about those things? No, he just cares about the fact that he's Mr. Sports. And don't let anybody else be on his parade. If there's anybody out there like, I guarantee you, the WNBA will have those games here on QAM. Start any other kind of sport and time if they got a part cheesy team that comes in. We'll have it here on QAM for a whole hurricane. We're not just doing hurricane football and basketball and baseball. We're doing the swimming. We're doing lacrosse. We're doing track and go fields. We're doing why we're doing a tapy poll. Pocket poll. Whatever they're playing over there, you event. We're going to broadcast it live right here on the... Because there isn't a goddamn so-called sporting event that's ever invented. That Greg, we don't want to have the market corner done. No matter how much it costs to be easily, Greg's wife. 560, 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, O.K. Yes, sir. Are you doing great? Unfortunately, I've been getting good reception on this 1700. What do you mean, unfortunately, what does that mean? Because I don't want to listen to it. Well, then nobody's been a force yet. Nobody's going to get more at that point. I know. God, I miss. He's the biggest loser, no, to radio. Yeah. Okay. And Jim Rally, what do you need to want that was punched out by Jim Everett? Yeah. Got my little grid right. Right. He's another loser. Yeah. But now, Mike and a mad dog, Neil. They are very good. Yeah. I think Hank's got a problem here. Oh, definitely. Definitely. Hank doesn't know anything about sports Neil. Yeah. Okay. I mean, you know much more sports than Hank. There's no question about that. I'll be a little hockey. I'm still trying to find out about the continuation play in hockey. Right. Okay. Well, what's that pressure up on that? I guess maybe I can catch up. Right. As long as I get to listen to you from 32, I don't care. Okay. I bless you, sir. So there's our first call at the Hankson Big Trouble because Mike and a mad dog are great. You're like that. I don't know. I've never heard him. I heard a lot of bottom. Mike Francis and Chris Russo. You people over there at the Aff and if you're listening, we're going to try to give you some pointers today to put some people on here that might actually give us a little a little tremble in our. Correct. You know what I'm saying? It's a post of much of local local loser, board ops, glorified. What is that? Everybody, everybody board out that comes down the pike in his market. All of a sudden, they were broadcast here. They got a radio show. They're at Poxio host. But somebody's got a magic wand. You know, pull for your talk show host. Okay. Go entertain somebody. Well, yeah. Especially in this dead ass town. 560, 705, 60, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Let's hear it for Mike and a mad dog. Come on. Let's find out. Let's get to that information on this guy. The M radio station. All you losers sitting on your ass out there. Let's put a little pressure on those people on this station. Of course, hidden back under fat haunches. Maybe too much. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, baby, how are you doing? I don't know if you'd caught last week the New York Post. They had an article about the Lowman and his brothers. And then they were talking about Dickie Martin there, Ricky Martin. That's not a New York Post thing. And then it was a on the wire service. It was all over. Why caught it in the post last time? We had that on the air about how Ricky Martin allegedly was molested. Right, by the fog. Right. Anyway, I just thought I'd run that fire because I didn't know she knew about that. Yeah, okay. Thank you, sir. We got it. Whatever. Whatever. Wait down. This guy's talking Ricky Martin. We're talking about Mike in a mad dog. That goes to show you what kind of a sports intensive down is, is okay. We're talking Mike in a mad dog. And here this guy brings up Ricky Martin again. Do we ever want to hear about Ricky Martin again? No. Long as we live. No. We ever want to see him. No. He was named. No. No. No. No. We don't want to know from Ricky Ricky. Tickie, okay. Keep him out of our face. He makes me sick. God, almighty. That's fantastic. I can't stand it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Yeah, NLD. Mike in the mad dog. You and Mike in the mad dog are going to go to the greatest there. They are so good. Thank you. It's going to end up like Eric Bonzippa. Really? They got that good. I, I, I, I, I, I, I can't listen to radio forever. But I, you, the three hours, then the three hours, then that's good. If you're really intensely into sports. Two to four. I'm, yeah. Two to four. You got like 10 to the am to four or any afternoon. Sounds like your day is pretty well. Well, yeah, for a loser like me, I got a mate. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay, sounds like ancient big. More than show. I say it because that was a dead man and I'm safe because they got those two Jews on there that couldn't even do what we can show on this station. But Mike in the mad dog, there might be something there. You know what I'm saying? I wonder Greg Reed was running around the whole, going, moving, moving, moving like that. He's still going, moving, moving like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on a mobile one line. Nobody cares about the effect that Mayor penis is going to hold an election in the middle of the summer. To put another penny of sales tax in there in Dave County. Nobody cares about that. And of course, nobody cares about this. Nobody here anyway, which is why they're going to have the election in the middle of July. Just like yesterday, we talked about the governor's wife, Colombia. We talked about that two days in a row. Guess how many are responses they got? 44. 44 people took time out of their big day yesterday to email the governor and tell him his wife. And by the way, a few of those were supportive. Including one guy, let's see, where the hell is it? Somebody from Jacksonville that was given her tips and where she can buy all this other good stuff. And I'm having to pay the adudianna. How do you like that? That's the kind of concern people we have in this town. I got that here. So where the hell is that thing? Some asshole in Jacksonville. Facts as a thing and says, oh, yeah, here it is. One Jacksonville man wrote the tele governor about his wife's consignments store, which offers upscale designers like Chanel and Gucci and suggested that Mrs. Bush purchased clothing there to afford further media attention and afford a course paying her fair share when she smuggles in all that stuff. How do you like that? That's the kind of responses you get in this state. That's how concerned the people are around here. Nothing phases them. Because this is Florida, baby. This is La La Land. Just sit back, fry in the sun, get a nice melanoma gomen relax. That's all. And go out and play a few rounds of golf. And have a couple more. At the farm! In drug stores now, it's time for an action kind of dirty enough for a dark fighter to do enough for a two-byte. Oh, he's been an opera principally. Yeah! And pick up the number of you. I'll be there. So our wars action kind of. And coming soon, maybe kind of. So our wars action lubricant option. This is 145 at 5.60. WDQM. So I was just talking to Tommy from the morning show and he's telling me the same thing. You know, Greg is running around. Oh my god, we're going to sue them and it got information wrong. You know something, you better calm down. Give the mansion value. Okay? Give him a few doggy downers. Wait till a good week comes in and let him do a little number in there. Okay, coming down. Like I said, can you only imagine if this way real competitor coming in here? Right out the window. Guerantied. 5.670560, pound 5.660 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale, hello. Any other? Yes sir. I would consider my command was to be like your cousins. They don't care any code, anything. They don't think anything from an organization. And they tell how it is. Yeah. So it's a good thing that I'm down here and it's a real sputty out of the new. Okay, thanks for the good news. There's another vote for Mike and a man dog two to four in the afternoon. Oh! Seems to me like there's a groundswell of opinion that they're going to kick some real big fan ass. 5.6701 call out that an award in that said, I thought I really thought. Did I think that this was going to win? Oh, of course not. Not after coming to work this morning and seeing the wide open spaces out there. Everybody's gone. Now anybody with a life, anybody that had more than tenacles to rub together, they're long gone. 5.6705. 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one. We may have to play at what's your name in the whole show today. But that was your name that ditch Robin Fox? Yeah, we have to do the Robin Fox show for four hours today. Strat it on. Come on Robin, get with it. Robin. Hey, the baby. Don't say me baby. Come and give me what I came you for. All right. Get out. And stop it all. Come and do me baby. All night alone. What's going on? Fantastic. All right, glad to. Come and do me baby. All night alone. On the floor. I'm feeling for more. Oh. Come and give me what I came you for. I'm okay. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. And so. And so. Okay, what did you say there? Well, I know what you said, but you really could understand. You know, I could have said, yeah, is it? Now, what you said something like that? Oh, I don't know. That's okay. That's Robin Fox, boom, boom, strap it on. She's going to be a big radio star on WSBR. A station with 16 watts up there in focus somewhere that nobody even knows is on a dial. Everybody's abroad casted with this town. Everybody's got another five-lot radio station. Everybody wants to use the aradrars to become a star and more power to it. It kills him good time. Here's Tamara. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. You're going to look like an Amanda. Yeah. I've been a social center 10 years ago and they just started and a family with the British hockey. Yeah. You can travel for fat hanks. Really? OK. Last thing when you took it about the most boring sparp, that'll be on aeration. OK. Thanks for the good news. OK. He was going good until he got to that. Five, six, seven. I'll see you at Roosevelt Raceway. Were we building it by the way right out there in Westboro, on Long Island? So maybe you'll go back. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the on the mobile one lines. He went credibility is a guy I have like that. Tell me how great Mike and Amanda are, and then he's knocking harness racing because he doesn't understand it. You'd rather sit out there at the Ethereum Reg. You know, for half hour, baking is brain and the sun. Chained to you in my 200 times. Always re-reading that goddamn racing form with the other official workouts that haven't marinated the right horse, but nevertheless, here's a four-laterdale, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I want to talk about the signing of Edwards for dolphins. The signing of what? Six and Edwards. Sir, what are you talking about? What line would you are you speaking? I think the dolphins sign the line, Why are you talking to me about that? Why would you talk to me about that? Sports talk show. Oh, this is not a sports talk show. Well, you're talking about crap. I'm talking about crap. I'm talking about crap. That's the, let's talk about crap. What do you got to say about crap? Mind me, Harold. The whole story about that. I don't even want to listen to it. Well, then go find, go find some, somebody else to play with. Okay, pal. Go find somebody who's going to jackstrap. Maybe the two you can have a good time together. Fix it, everybody. Yes, see, this is the problem. Guys like this. Kids, punks, punks. Pumps who think that this is important stuff. I don't give a crap about dictionary. It was about dictionary and a day of diction since he just died. In fact, I'd rather talk about day of diction than dictionary. It was how he liked that. What do you know about anything, pal? We're not talking about crap. We're talking about important crap. Mike in the mad dog. Do you know who they are? Oh, no. You don't even know our mad dog. Jesus, Kate Christ. See, this is more right back to this again. Okay. You know something, I'm going to say this very and radically even a Greg Reid would have tears in his eyes. This would be the best thing to happen for half into coming here. The big stop, laughing and laughing. Big 17, and kick this place as sports shows right in the ass. So we can start putting some people on here talking about something interesting and humorous and amusing and entertaining. Besides, Dixon Edwards sign up with a goddamn dolphin. It's 150 goddamn degrees in the shade. It's the 23rd of June and his punk is calling up here about football. How about going over there to Barcelona? Maybe you can take a shower, Lawrence Phillips too. Okay, before you beat the crap out of your girlfriend, you jackass. They wouldn't let you rest into Barcelona. Okay, they take one look at you and they go. Eeeeh! That's what they would do. Puts. Here's a mobile and haven't sure. Hello. Hey, Neil, you're a lawyer. Okay. You know, where is Mike in the mad dog from? What do you mean where they from? Are they from another state? They're from the fan in New York, of course. Also, it's going to be through the, you know, through the whatever they call that. It's not going to be live. It's going to be live, but it's going to be syndicated. Not going to be on tape. I got you. Well, actually, it's good to bring some new blood into this business. I like it. Besides, you're show and, and Mike, it is really nothing more to listen to. When you can't listen to Hank and Mike in the mad dog at the same time. Oh, it's going to be at a different patient. Right. That's up. I come five, six, you didn't pick them up. They're going to be. It's going to be on ad 17 hundred. WF, this is a big story. It's right on the front page of the hero this morning, sir. I got to get it. I got to get a copy. Right on the front page, very jackass, Roddy. You know what might be true or not? 50% chances, true and 50% chances. It's true. They're coming. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Oh, my God. Well, when do you people go, we don't know his paper. Turn on us. See, this is the problem again. This radio station. I never figured why I was still at IOD. And they went to this all sports format. And I would every now and turn it on and it really sucked by the way. And I would turn it on. And it would come time like we were like in war in the Middle East. Or like some road test thing was happening. And no matter what was going on, they were talking about it. They're news breaks. We're sports breaks, sports updates. And we keep repeating these things over and over again. You know, like it's important. Like people will actually larger than their thumbnail. Give a crap about these things. We can be having like they can be slaughtering 25 minute people in the US lobby. And we're talking about our casey stangles. Making a comeback. Okay. He's been always been dead for 20 years. And I thought to myself, what kind of mindless simple things would listen to this crap? If we ever hurricane, do we have a news wire here? No. We had a ponytail come in the first day that we were on here and bring us the TV set. And we had to get the guy that had a small dish put in here by our satellite friends. Otherwise, we'd have no contact to the outside world. If we declare nuclear war on China in two minutes, will we know about it here if we didn't have this TV from potty tail? No. No. But if they're fixing Edward, trying to guide them contract or if you know one of these other illiterate jobs beats up their girlfriend to get that will have it on for you in a heartbeat. Because that's the important stuff. If some illiterate basketball player comes down here to go on here and be talking about your crap, then we got that on there for you right away. So what premise of this all sports things? It's madness. It's sickness. It's insanity. Oh, but that's the important crap man. Yeah, you're right, Palak. It's called before it is crap. You had the right word. Crap with a capital K. 560560, 560 on the mobile one line. I hope they knock all those sports talk off this radio station and forces to be like a real station 24 hours a day. That's what I hope I'm pulling for the appen. Here's my amy. Yes sir. First time call or. Yes? How you doing? It's great. What's the what's the deal with the hang I'm just tuned in late to get them off the air? What do you mean to get them off the air? What does that mean? Oh, they take them off. That's what the replay said. Yeah, he's leaving. Thanks, last day. Can I go give a vote for Hank? Don't I tell you why? Oh, I'm listening to you sir. I like to get two sentences in before I get interrupted and hear about all the bays he has at these strip joints. Yeah, I love that. And can I call somebody to do a back? Yeah, go look at the mirror. 560, 0560, Pont560, on a mobile one line. Boy, and what? And I wonder the good stuff didn't come in yet. Yeah, I'm on. He's got it. Here's a mobile and tamarack, hello. Mobile and tamarack. Amy, my my lady, I never leave this station from like seven o'clock in the morning to that six at night. But if I'm dead, Mike and Amanda are on, I definitely can get that first. Wow. This sounds like a death nil for our good close friend Hank. I used to live in New York and that's that's doing people I like to listen to over radio. So if they come on, Hank's definitely going off my radio. Yeah, but can you pick up that station on your dial? No, when you're saying, then I'm even on the internet. So I can't listen to all the on that station down there. No, I'm talking about 17. Yeah, I can pick it up on my car radio and that's where I listen to everything. You're the one. Okay, have a good time, pal. Thanks. They're how to micen a mad dog. Okay, there you go. Micen a mad dog. There I'm building a gigantic piece of momentum here now over there. Don't want to send. Maybe we'll get those 60 or 70 people that's sitting there on their ass all day during Hank show off their butt. So he was there for yesterday. If they were to say, hey, fat's so you're on the ear now. We wouldn't have had four and a half minutes ago. They're rolling stones music. Which I mean, no, that song was good the first 40 or 50,000 times. But it's a little old and stay allow, you know what I'm saying? Just like that one other one that we have to hear over and over. Yeah, I'll tell you different types of services. There's a little greenery in there. Don't make one. They were very hard for this. And we're going to do it. Okay, just like that one. Four minutes till noon is five 60 WQM, your once prominent all sports station now Greg Reed says he's waving a white flag. He's standing in the hallway right now. Wave in a white town says we already can see. They haven't even gone on an ear yet. Nobody can pick them up on a radio. Nobody can even find 17 hundred with their with both hands. And yet he already conceans. That's what happens when you really know your crap. Okay. So like I said to the punk that call before is the appropriate word. You're right on target man. You're a lot closer than you think. Hey, you Jennifer Capriotti here. And when I'm at the Lincoln Balls on the court, I'm getting zoned off my hand. And I get my best hip off the Jennifer Capriotti at a spot-hand bond. That's right. It's the Jennifer Capriotti tennis ball, can't fall. Cops will never suspect it. It isn't looking bad. Just empty the ball. Screw on the ball. Feeling with water and your set to destroy, brain sounds the Jennifer Capriotti way. Uh, this is so smooth. It's a bonnet thing. It's a tennis ball, can. A tennis ball, can. That thing's a bonnet. Proceeds benefit with Jennifer Capriotti League of Defense. But normal, approved. Come on to a 550 WCM and hangover. Show it to a clock. Six o'clock. We got one. Oh yeah, Donnie ZB talking baseball. Because we got tomorrow. And we're going to lose another one in New York. And that's 705. Tomorrow we got a big day here, baby. We're going to find the pregame show. We got a day game tomorrow. Last performance game before we turned over to what Tony, you know, what's his name over there at 17. At the Athens. See, I think it's great that this other thing is coming on because then we can divert like that punk that called before about Dixon Edwards and Dixon Ward and Dick and this one, whatever he's talking about. He can have a place to call. He can roost over there, okay? And talk to those two Jews who are going to be on their midday. Go on to talk about that crap. See, it's one thing. If you're interested in sports, go watch it. Go watch a ball game. Go play it. Whatever. But what does it even talk about? What do you have to be talking about? It's 24 hours a day. If you want to go gamble fine. Oh, I had the four. It reminds me of fat rich. I had the four over the 178. Nobody cares. Nobody wants you to hear about that. Did you catch the ticket? No. So what do we, you know, oh, in a seven broke at the wire. And he was like, nobody cares. Okay. Not interesting. It's boring. It's ponderous. Here's Pembert Pines. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to make sure I called in for one. And said, I'm really into your show. And the left board for your station, the better off, you guys are going to be. Right. And just want to face something in my can. Okay. Okay. Well, thanks so much for that. It's for me to suffer. Sir, I know that's going to, uh, that's going to live in our memories for a long time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th, T wireless line. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Mobile in sunrise. Yeah, I do a nail. Hey, I travel the state back and forth from Tampa to work over. Tampa, I work over in Miami also. And now I'm going to get the solivates coming over here. Trying to copy, kept the sports animal over there with the 12th of the other. It was the same kind of programming. And like you said, the, the role we show will pull the little, uh, the little punk side about it speaking, uh, smack, it's talking kids out of it. But, uh, and as far as QAM goes, you know, you're the anchor in through there. Your shows hurry entertaining and people that like you stick with you. But it seems like so many others are trying to be copycats of it. And if they do dialogue radio and sort of monologue radio, uh, might be interesting. What does that mean dialogue radio and instead of monologue radio? What does that mean? What is sport radio is fun. It's in control. What is that? No, it's not. No, it's not. The way it's the time. I, I never had a, I never had a, I don't know. I want to tell you right now. I never in my life heard a sports talk show that was entertaining. I hear people who can be entertaining when they're talking about other stuff. But as far as hearing a sports talk show that was entertaining. No, it's not the least bit entertaining. Well, we have miles to drive or hours and hours to do nothing. It's entertaining. Uh, you know, I'm talking. Talk radio is entertaining. General talk radio if there's somebody on the ear who knows how to entertain. Who's interesting and off the wall. That's entertaining. But talking about some ballgame and why didn't they do this and why did they do that? It wasn't really a goal and wasn't it a goal. And that's not entertaining. Well, I don't know if you're not looking to take it too serious. I'm not worried about what's going on about them because I can't change it. Yeah. I would just assume listen to an interviewer. Somebody talking about a school. Yeah, but then on the issue this is they were dropping nuclear weapons in Bosnia right now. Don't you think maybe you might want to know about it? Well, I'm sure. I guess I'd like to be cutting on that. That'd be interesting there. Oh. But I mean, as far as General happens, I've had. I don't want to hear, you know, who's a loser who's a pot to the schmots who's all this bad and the other stuff. I'd like to hear something positive. Something interesting, you know. Like what? Well, how about, let's talk about the call over there. The last call I'm standing up. There was last Saturday night. This is Wednesday. What more is there to say? It was a bad call. They blew it. They lied about it. That's the end of that. What do I want else? What is there to say about it? If you took a frame by frame, it wasn't a bad call. Sure. It was a bad call. I've seen it 50 million times. I've been watching hockey for 40 years. I don't know how many frames it looked at. It was a bad call. It came out of the crease. His skate was still in the crease. No, what? If you look at the pocket pocket came into a skate. He kicked it to us and he was out. There it was. Sure. You're going absolutely positively wrong. He had his skate fully in the crease. The puck was a good footer to out of the crease. He has to come out. Once the puck comes out, you've got to come out. And this is why sports radio is scorn garbage. Because you don't people like you don't what you're talking about. There is in one person in America, except for John Davis, and there's nothing about a fat shield. There is anybody in North America that agree with that goal. And this guy, well, if you take it frame by frame, how about there's a protofailment of the assassination of a president Kennedy? Let's take a look at that frame by frame. OK, sir. Something important. Not about some stupid gobbling scored in a fricking hockey game at one 30 in the morning. That a lot of us got sucked into watching. Which made the whole thing meaningless because it was the wrong call. This guy is unbelievable. He don't want to hear about war in Bosnia or Yugoslavia or the goddamn fish elections in Miami or they're putting a sales tax in. That's going to screw him like crazy and have an election in the middle of the summer. You don't want to hear about that stuff. He wants to argue in session. And he's what's wrong with a human race? This guy right there. Maybe he's spending too much time over doing lutes. That might have done it to you, sir. Too much time in lutes. Good. Golly Miss Molly. How could any person in his right mind listen with a scushing like that? Knowing up front that one of the parties hasn't got the funniest idea about what they're talking about. Jeff Cohen knows more about the goddamn goal on 30. He was busy getting the late at that hour. He don't have time to watch in stupid hockey games. He was in the middle of some wild orgy with about 10 under age chicks. Okay. And your call in this show and give me a song to the end about what's interesting. You're about as uninteresting as stepping in a big pile of elephant crap. Okay, sir. That's how interesting you are. You had this guy had that Tampa sound to him. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. He had the West Coast Florida sound to his voice. So maybe you ought to quit traveling over there so much sir because believe me, it rubs off. God. I did my wildest dreams. I can't believe that here on a Wednesday five days after the fact that we still got people call them. And they have no idea what they're talking about. This guy must be related to the guy that told a Hank that's too barren to have some scorts or methusal was a baby. He must be related to that guy. How can it be interesting? How can it be entertaining when most of the people don't even know what they're talking about? Like Barry Jackass. I got a general manager I worked for here. I call him up as you return my call. Anybody else call him up to the beastly's call him up as you return a call. No. But Barry Jackass calls up. He's on the phone immediately. His good post friend Barry Jackass and he's running around the building. Oh, what's so awesome. What have you got to wrong? Yeah. Maybe if you spent more time taking care of business inside here like this old outdated copy we got speaking of a fuzla and trying to work sell here striving for excellence instead of just sitting back on your ass. Maybe we might get somewhere. Instead of just having your boyfriend in there and a promotion department that doesn't do anything. Except sit around making up certificates to invite Neil to play in a golf term. That's in a waste basket right now. Maybe then we might get something done. But this guy's worried about Barry Jackass. How could they do this to me? Because you don't know which side your ass is buttered on. That's the problem sweetheart. That's the problem right there. What tell did you bring in here? They've about 500 pounds of food or something. This doesn't go into mommy's house today. Oh, I still haven't told a story about my killer mom. About the mindl to break. He took to a diabetic neighbor upstairs who's got diabetic in the property and has no feeling what in his leg. And she brings a mindl to bread loaded with sugar. Nice going, ma. And about my dog begins the veterinarian now because we went away for the weekend. Anyway, ten pounds last week and always eleven and a half pounds. And he's bleeding on the floor. And his sick is a dog. If I can use that expression. Nice going. Millie Kervorkean. See it lunchtime sweetheart. Yeah, she ought to have a restaurant abroad on big sign on the far. We'll kill you with kindness. Have some on. We'll bread where you want it or not. 10 after noon at 2 a.m. You all in. They look back in the church. This summer there's no lava. I'm so so you gotta see. Move their balloons up. Close their balloons up. I mean, 99. We'll pizza the blocks. That's a dead. Your heart. Three, four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Mark you mark in the funky bar. She's got a rocky market. Very minimal. Got a livsel hit always bar. But they'll all flush in the doors. That's you. Really nice, huh? By my way. My money that we still want. His wife will pay for the best of his fortune. He's a good eminent никак. He's a good eminent chic, from semi-incredited地. not that we're cave in anyone understand not that very jackass in a hero got us nervous over here you understand it Oh good Fort Lauderdale hello Daniel yes sir Just what we need in the sports show right yeah another sports What's that 20 sports talk stations okay yeah like so assholes like that last guy Geek calling and talk about frame by frame he's probably sitting there watching and frame by frame now Yeah like I want to hear self from Brooklyn calling it about the jet yeah and believe the jet fan right Like I want to hear Jose from Miami call about the hurricane right You know I mean it's late and can't call for me do you think five six seven oh five sixty pump five sixty on the 18 and the wireless line Here's a mobile and key west hello Yeah, yeah, sir. What's an I agree with you when you said before maybe bring another sports talk show And we'll make somebody's guy even pretend like they're having a good time. Yeah, because I just think to me Hank Goldberg is the most Outwards to the last angry Jew in Miami No, he's not the last thing. We do I think there's two or three others left and always talked about how much is getting how much money He makes the place he's gone. Yeah, he couldn't get late in the morning. I'll put a 5-4 50. Yeah, how about 20? Oh, maybe 20 Okay, thanks for the good news and Hank says thank you so much 5-670560 5-560 on the 18 of course these people that are crawling by the way continue everything the Hank said yesterday after the thing usually finally died out And every other guy damn day the week how long did that play like 20 and a half minutes that team song yesterday good When you got us we start that thing over again the song last for seven and a half minutes. Okay, that's the one thing Fourteen times that are we start that thing until finally somebody pokes Hank hit a ribs and welcome up and say hey, you're on. Okay, but so okay fine. Are we on? That's always my favorite one is is are we on? But now I think that we got Mike in a mad dog coming it might just you know then you don't become so complacent anymore It's easy to sit back on your a hunches especially when you got you know big Pontius here's a mobile in Miami. Hello You got yes sir I'm a Neil Rogers fan I never in a million years with listen to a sports radio program good That's as a lot of good things for you sir Well, sports caucus for in basalt. It's for idiots with no lives basically But I think I want to talk about golf. They want to argue about who's got the biggest ball. You know what I'm saying Exactly, I do find Mr. Goldberg pretty entertaining though, so I know something he'd be a hundred times more entertaining if he stops on you about see you see on the radio Lusher that I am I be listening to 24 hours. Okay, I have a great to have no idea what he's saying I Rather I'd like to see Hank take one day and say I'm not talking about anything about sports today because there's nothing going on And I'm gonna talk about any whatever other crappy ones that would be 50,000 times more entertaining than here It about the you know the over and under is 19 and the half and oh Jesus Christ what I tell you yesterday You gamblers out there you're killing us That's why they need a new sports talk station this time because the gamblers are destroying this radio station We got this is the only station in America that's got its own GA meetings inside the building once a week And most of the board ops by the way are forced to attend now Here's Miami hello Yes, sir. I know You know I enjoy your show a lot and I I'll follow you wherever wherever you go to 1700. I'm talking to that right now What that I said what is it? Yeah, but but you are on a on a sport show, you know, no not you're not on a sports talk and Entertainment thing. No, sir. I hate to break the news. I wasn't hired you to do a sports show. You got it. Yeah, but you carry hockey pretty well It's you're keen you talk up of storm and and You know that's what it is and that's what what is what? What did you just say that's what it is then what what is your your on a sports show Sure, you understand. Let me say it again. I wasn't hired you to do a sports show I don't do a sports show. I'm not gonna do the Neil Rogers show. That's what I was hired I do the highest rated show on a station by far. It's not a sports show Yeah, you do but if it's your hockey team it be talking because Neil Rogers is interested in hockey Okay, that's right. That's one of the things I'm interested in that's why it's on the Neil Rogers show. Okay. It's not the Jose Hamilin is Joe And have a great day. Whatever you're saying. Okay, Mr. Mr. provocative there Anybody know what he said. Oh no God you want to sports show. Yeah, right I'm I'm this spoke I said that it took the first two months to get that out of their system here We are 18 or 19 months later and they're still hockey and a Chinese because this outfit is too gutless to say sports and entertainment Talk about however they might phrase it. Oh no, it's sports talk radio is it read and then by the way They're gonna have I'm a son there in the morning of 17. I was he to a sports show. Oh that dead man of course not But that's okay. Do I give a crap as long as the text clear? Oh, I'm careless It's a golf show pad you might get it right. It's a goddamn golf show. That's what we do here Maybe between 10 and 2 starting I think the first week of August. I'm gonna circle on real golf intensive Here's a mobile and Del Rey Beach hello Hey, Neil, am I on yes sir. I'm hockey Let's end up the headlines on the Palm Beach post yesterday signs go up and forcement begins and Bokebiche no smoking on the beach on the beach. How can they have a no smoking outside? No, why you can't smoke at the stadium? No smoking. Oh stadium is is not outside. I mean the stadium is open air, but it's nice. It's still a building How can you like this back to do in the L. Yes today's Palm Beach post? Yeah, and the life guards will enforce great. Yep. Okay. Thanks It's a good news. Okay No smoking and an outdoor beach. How is this possible? You know, that coin is for my lunch Jeff Cohen definitely spoiled my lunch you bought in this any post when I'm sitting here eating some of it I'm gonna go to mommy's for lunch today But at least that way she won't kill me with overfeeding anyway Like she's trying to do to my little dog that way 10 pounds last Wednesday when he went for his rabies shots and come back Sunday night all of a sudden this dog has got 40 squats, okay Do have any idea what that's like when you come in and you look around in your house and you just want to sit down on the floor and cry You don't know where to start cleaning. You just want to cry Nice going again, mom 11 and a half pounds you wait 10 pounds last Wednesday and even after all that And you can he still wait a pound and a half more yesterday at the vet which is where he still is Because of his pancreatitis that keeps getting irritated because somebody keeps overfeeding him and feeding him people food. I don't want to mention no names And I know that if I had a neighbor who had diabetic neuropathy was losing the feeling in his legs and Was that far gone? I don't think I'd be taking him any mind old bread, okay? How about a bag of pure diamond sugar with a straw? How does that sound? Little water in it and a straw. Here you go. This will taste really good But it wasn't really that much. No, that's all it takes. Okay. That's like finding a guy somebody is dying from cirrhosis of the liver and bringing him a bottle of Jim Bean That should do it. This should put you over the edge out of your misery. Millicororkeans 567.0560. Pont 560 on the 18t line. I'll tell you one thing. I'll never talk about my mother like George did your last Friday I'm driving to my airport. Did you hear that? What you had to hear it? You I'm driving to the airport and George is calling his mother a slot in a horror and a scumbag and what is that? What the hell was that? I mean, he's always told me that nobody in a family talks to her, but it's a care stand that's enough It's so again a little carried away there, okay? I mean my mother means well the fact that she's killing everybody in her sight. She just uh, I know she can't help her so See I told you Jeff Cohen is is killing me here. I'm gagging on this. I'm eating two facts I shouldn't be eating anything at all. I got lunch coming up kill. I mean with food. Did I answer this food? Did I want food? Oh, did I stand road of armies for lunch today? I don't want any food? Huh, and he comes in here with an antipasto kill and again Jeff Kavorkian The Gotham is shpuck up the whole family is in town killing us with kindness with food. We don't want him can't eat Here's a mobile and Hollywood hello Neil yes sir first of all I'd like to tell you the only radio I listened to is your show and I snapped that sucker off quickly when the sports stuff comes on But I I was totally intrigued just that I didn't get the radio snapped off fast enough and it got the User coming in the Hank show and poking him away got I was trans totally trans six It was unbelievable and I don't blame Hank for that I blame the 72 kids that are working on that show. How come they can't get him on here? I know the beast was in her screaming and carrying on like a maniac, but nevertheless what about the other 70 kids? Production values of that show are so weak. That's unbelievable. I have a spy I have a spy thing for your friend of mine was at a lunch and yesterday were the four top PR people of the four top major league sports teams and self-lord Yeah, we're out we're there and the one of the question is was totally what do you all do about Neil Rogers and the guy for the Panthers said well Nothing You guys so knowledgeable you know it's more about hockey anybody in South Florida and what do you do about that guy But let me tell you this he kills us he kills us every day and the guy from the mile is chimed in and said he kills us too So you were the subject of the talk at the at the luncheon. Yes, yeah What what do they do? What do I have to do with them? All they you know they monitor I was talking about I'm just like they monitor the press. You know the yeah, so all screw them is what I say and have a great day I know Kolem and I'm the one that put all the ashes in those seats to the goddamn Panther games you better believe that Wasn't those crappy teams you put on a guys the last three years all guarantee of that What's someday the ish books been he'll be on the bushing hippie out of town and we can then you know get some real hockey people in here Not that anybody in town cares That's the best part of the whole deal not only do we need 45 sports talks stations. This is need a sports town in the first place. That's the best part Everyone of these colors it's the same damn thing they're calling said Like that guy to call before about watching that cool frame by frame you can watch it frame by frame I'm from now until god damn Harold Bowert comes back to life and guess what it's still not gonna be a goal. Okay jackass I'll see in the loot. Okay. I'll see at the crystal and the drive to a crystal and loot God 26 past the noon at 560 WQA One The Never make so great that keep gonna face Mason femmes Kiss the Toward before Shannon shredded It's a justory information. Cori is good on Fox. He'll be against in my local sports talk show this afternoon to promote his arrival in 4MIRS and say hello to QAM 770 listeners. Can you believe this? They're calling 770 which used to be WWCN over there in 4MIRS. Now it's 770 QAM. The only thing that's been going to come up with a scam like that, huh? How can there be 2WQAM's two different spots on the dial? Now they can do that. How come Tony watches their mobile there? Can't do a WFAN in Miami. Well, just start stealing other colors. We'll start moving them all around. I mean the AFF and we're still laughing at the AFF and I ain't going to go over but the fan, there you go. Sounds good to me. So here's a good report on Cori 7 F. So that's skating thing we got yesterday. Man, that guy ripped him an ass. He said go back to Mizzula Montana. You got off RTV forever and the guy's only been out couple of ways. Give him a chance. Then rip him an ass. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello? Yes sir. There were that guy before who was talking about like you know, sports broadcast and stuff. Yeah. There's one thing you talk about important things like that guy. Jean yesterday. If you did her life. Jean Rayburn, right. Do you know how come that didn't get on here huh? This guy's got it all the way down to his knee. He wishes. He's the equities, crack it on his P and all over his leg and somehow he didn't get on here. That was so clever you know what man? God. Maybe someday if I do this long enough I'll figure out how to deal with assholes like that. But in the meantime, 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Isn't it great all the little kids are out of school now? How the 10 year olds like that one? Dynamite. See and then used to be in the old days when a kid's right at school at the summertime we hear from young living and breathing people who didn't have chance to call us to rest of the year. Now all we get our assholes like that. mouth readers call up and go. Yeah. And then you start squeezing their boyfriend's you about to want to sit on the area. Yeah. Push. Here's a lady and pombie. What is that pombie's Gardens? Yeah, it's Mary. Oh, hi, Mary. I had joined. Okay. I want to talk about you know, I've flipped my like dry concept. Yeah. I've had it. They're really, really good. But I want to talk about this Anthony Moreno. Who? Anthony Moreno. And then college kids. I don't know if you heard about them. No. No. What did you do? This poor kid, right? Had another guy. They drafted this kid. Had a kid. Had a picture. The college kids. Oh, that kid. Yeah, you talked about it. Yeah. And then you know what? And the cops took them. Yeah, attempted murderers. Well, I call it. I would tell you that too. Yeah. I don't understand sports now. The bigger the gangsta you are. He goes like this. He was timing his. I'm just. Is that right? It's full of crap. And I, you know, I come from Boston. So we lost Tony Coney. Good. Right. What was it? Tony? You know, when it's not right. Tony, why? Can we go the arrow? Can you get your right? Very good. I'm from Boston. But I'm just saying, you know, this guy was standing off deck. There we are. We never still. And we didn't get fit in the thousand times, right? And he hit him in the eye and in 90 miles an hour. Right. Right. Now, this kid's not going to do everything ever. Right. How about the train speed well, it's right at Chokey's coast. Now, once but twice. And now, because he scored a few points in that small baller plane. Oh, hey, isn't he great in our clinic? All the other book. It doesn't make any difference. How much of a scumbag? How much of a low light? This guy's scumbag now. The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the guy's scumbag. Yeah. Yeah. Something million dollars. Yeah. It's not the kid. How about my nice. And he's going to go out there. And he's going to let's he in the 65 year old George Forman. I'm going to swing in each other with Lee Ning, Rylan machine. And he's going to make $20 million of what it was going to be. How do you like that? That way. I don't know. I don't know. I just, this is full craft to me. Right. Because we lost somebody's up there. Yeah. And we really, really, really good. That's why we're getting rid of all sports radio because it's not. No. And it's just, you know, it's just, you know, it's on the street. Right. Okay. We'll see you in Boston, Mary. Have a nice day. She's from Boston, by the way. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Where I'm flying the glamourization and the glorification of scumbags. You know, like Cecil, well Cecil, the dis and Cecil said it. And it's always on a first name basis too, you know. I'm talking about like let's dream. Oh, he'd be doing good for the next that let's dream. Yeah. He never met a coach. He didn't choke. He's choking it. See, that's another reason that I find this also anxious because it exposes. I mean, there's glaring. It's like an open oozing sore just staring you right in the face. It exposes for the world to see the fact that so many of these sports holes. These low-life, no-life sports holes. They don't give a crap how much of a scumbag you are. If they can you can win him a game or win him a bet or whatever it is. They don't care. It would be like one of the tracking finding out that every race that night is fixed in your cash and, you know, like almost every race. When does that start? Stop good to me. Oh, let's try tonight. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Hank Goldberg will be here with two. I get you. I guarantee he isn't the least bit spaced by Mike and a mad dog. Jim Roe, all these other pretenders, he'll be on their doing his thing. I'll guarantee that he'll be on their before the theme place for 22 minutes. He marked my words. And if he's not somebody in that room is going to get bitched out because he's here in the studio today. So we can see them all in their playing grass with a beast. See, that'll stop me from eating just the thought of that. 22 before, oh yeah, for like a month. 22 before, 1 at 5, 60, WQM, if you want to. Holy makin' on! This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil Gaugh. Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problem. I would like to announce the development of a new software system, which will be year 2000 compliant. This program is known as millennia year application software system or Mayas. Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show my ass everyone. We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at Mayas. We have not addressed networking aspects yet, so currently only one person at a time can use Mayas. This restriction will be removed after Mayas expands. Last week my secretary said to me, I'm a little nervous. I never put anything in Mayas before. I helped her through the first time and afterwards she admitted that it was relatively tameless, and she was actually looking forward to doing it again, and was even ready to kiss Mayas. As you begin using the program, feel free to put anything you want in Mayas. As my asker is larger, we envision a time when it will be commonplace for a supervisor to hand work to an employee and say, here, stick this in Mayas. It will be a great day when we need data quickly, and our employees can respond, here it is. I just pulled it out of Mayas. Prop 44 at 560 WQA in. Hey, Gorburg at 2 o'clock, Donnie is EB at 6 o'clock with a pre-game show or whatever that thing is, that's a killing hour. And then we got the Marlins in the midst. Nice game last night, by the way. Seven innings are there about. Okay, look at this, all of a sudden what happened here. Here's North Miami, hello. North Miami. Yeah, are you doing aale? Okay, sir. Tell me a lesson. How long are you? How many more years did you contract with the company? How many? Yeah. 28. Yeah. You're not the only one who's been here for a long time. Yeah, I'll be 84 when I'm done. 84. Tell me, all those changes without having effect on you. What do you mean by that? I mean, I mean, the WQAM, you know, don't go. Yeah, I'm over in the 1700s. So the first week at August is soon as they start over there. I want to be with the winning combination. I'm over there. Okay. I'll see you there. Oh, brother, you don't believe reminds me of a lot of people. Let me see. I'm a little nervous. I never caught up already before. But now I'm the rest. Yeah, he runs a little him. 560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. Nobody cares about this 1700 crap. Just because it's on a front page. I guess what nobody cares about the arrow. Either do they. No. Only Greg Reed is running around here like rumple still skin and heat. Here's Miami. Hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Pretty good sir. Oh, this is your one hockey fan in Miami. Yeah. I didn't know if you talked about the new rules that they made for next season for over time. I talked about that yesterday and it's a polycraft. It's your equipment continuing to destroy the entire game and the league is we used to know what it's garbage. Okay. 4 on 4 my ass. All right. Thanks. That means you could go the entire 82 games of the season. And never win a game and have a B2 point. How do you like that? Well, that's true. But the only other thing is that you at least should get five minutes of exciting hockey and not everyone trying to just keep the point. 4 on 4 on 4 and 4 and a number one. It sucks. The number two is tremendously disadvantageous to slower teams. In addition to which now when games are tied the last seven or eight minutes of regulation, teams are going to be a coma until they go in overtime because nobody's going to want to blow the one-shure point. And the last several minutes of regulation every game it's going to be a coma toast. Yeah. Nice. On Gary Benton. Okay. Have a great day, sir. Nice going. Gary. You're going straight back to Cornell. If they would only take you. We're packaging. Ken Dryden. Gary Benton. We're putting them together and sitting right on the way back to Issa. Okay. In a box. Here's a mobile and four-later deal. Hello. Okay. There we go. Mark it down in your entire diary. He's going to go up again. A day without that line 8 echo just wouldn't be perfect here at you. She is Greg Reed worried about things like that. Oh. We got cheap crappy equipment. The worst amount of advice. No. He's worried about should we sue the mommy here. Because the alienated his affections or some stupid illiterate crap like that. God. Oh, mighty. How is it possible to walk around acting like a... God damn fucking idiot. Yeah. I just don't get it. Here's homestead. Hello. Yes sir. Why don't you just get up the little gun and shoot lining. Another thing. What do you want me to do? Wait a minute. Okay. Sorry. Good work. That check a little bit. This kid threw a ball at a batter and hit him in the eye. Yeah. Hit him in the head. Why did he get up the way? He was standing in the batter's uh... ...by in the on deck circle. Oh, I'm on deck circle. Oh, forgive me. I misunderstood. Yeah. I'm going to do a right to the set and uh... ...they have a big court thing going on this. And now they are drafted. I'm going to pay this kid eighty billion dollars if he can keep his ass out of jail. Unbelievable. I want an opinion from you. You know these uh... blue hairs driving up there in Century Village. Oh. Yeah. I was going on Hillburg the other day and I'm approaching a red light. And I'm breaking. I look behind me and you're making sure nobody gets me in the rear, right? Yeah. Don't let him get you in the rear man. Welcome. Got fly by me and mail the leading or kid in the car. A blue hair. Mail the red light. How are we going to stop this? How are we going to get this you blow off the road? What's the deal with this? Sounds like that's a good start right there. Yeah. Keep it up. Okay, Phil. Telling the old beach boulevard we're going to be having a uh... ...we're going to be doing a lot of drag racing on Hilldale beach boulevard tomorrow. All the good stuff is coming in. It's free pot the Thursday tomorrow by the way here at QAM. I guarantee a 17 ever thing going to be able to match that. They may match the stupid sports calls but they'll never match the good weed. Here at 5.60 the real sports. Yeah, I'm going. Join. Okay, here's my email. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. Good afternoon, sir. And back to you. Okay. The caller about a half an hour ago. I wonder if he goes through you got to take a look at his in the mirror and go to the frame by a frame of his life and see what kind of a a pairing individual that. Yeah. There's nothing more upon the other. Yeah, but his life has no frames. There would be zero. There'd be a blue sand. There'd be no frames to that life. A lot of holes on the side like you believe in you believe that guy. Jesus, how is it possible? And I don't know if that but he but assuming he did watch it, which I'm sure he did. How could he be that wrong? Well, it's not only that, but how much can you dissect something three and four days? I mean, that's what those boring about sports. Procreate. Right. That's right. That's right. They're keeping the same old tired crap and this one didn't do crap and this one did do crap. Okay. And now what? What does it say about it? You know, I could understand if it was like like we used to have an ID two hours, six data clock and no. That's plenty. Okay. That's fine. Talk about this stuff once. But when you got to do it 20 hours a day, it's just neurotic repetition. It's like sports center. ESPN puts sports center on 55 times a day and it's the same crap. Yeah. I agree with you. I'm some more important things. I'm watching TV this morning getting dressed for work and my wife said to me, whenever I get off of a lunch box, but about this thing on his horse, the media. What are they going to get off of? What are they going to start is what I would like to know? I agree with you. I said, she ought to be in this one lot of being gay. Right. First of all, second of all, you didn't say, you know, my wife did she was saying the same thing doing the women's get in. When are they going to get off of the bar to pop this? I said, it's not going to clear up until it's all over with. If this woman's trying to rip off the government. Right. I mean, here's a guy here's a guy getting a couple of blow jobs up there, which is nobody's business. And the whole world has to be dragged through 18 months of hell because Ken Star is a hypocritical right wing lunatic. But in the meantime, here we got the wife's governor who set themselves up as holier than all arrest of us and all these hypocrites. And she comes back here trying to rip off the government from a $1500 import duty fee. And we're not supposed to talk about it. Well, that's all wrong business. That's the one you got to watch up with. The more holier than valve, the more backstabbing. And and totally off of the front. I've got to go when we can correct that. Right. That's they're totally opposite of what they pretty. I'll tell you why she's full of crap. And have a great time. Let's see. Okay. I guess you think it about that one. Maybe he's still getting a little. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's coconut growth. Hello. Anyhow you're doing it's great. Never been better, sir. Haven't talked in a long time. Why not? Oh, busy working. Typical software. And you came to money. I'm jumping down palm air area. Cross street from pump on a race. I'm trying to strike. Oh my god. The meeting is there is death plus 10 in that area. Listen to this. This is all man. He must have been like around 100 years old. Oh, yeah. And his battery operated. Roach. I said you're going to say bag. Man, something to be at a battery. I've very colossic. Anyway, he's a sign. He must have needed a booster cable. He's a big company. Yeah. He got a sign out that said, help. Because I guess I figured maybe he's battery ran right out or something. Yeah. I almost caught him up. Anyway, he's speaking of bags. So he's the least he could out there. Spare report in our banana republic on here in the county. Yes, sir. Have you heard what's happening with Tomas Rregalado? Regalado? No. He's one of the other communities. Anyway. He's an asshole. Exactly. You know, all this commissioner is they get a city gas cart. So now it's been reported that he's been putting $47 of gas daily in his car. Yeah. Decide that. Okay. Let's give him the benefit of that. He's running around the town. He has a gasoline car. He's also pumping diesel the same day. You know, these pumping diesel likes the same day. Exactly. So where is he putting all these gases getting in diesel? Correct. Thanks for the good news. Yeah. Thank God. There's no corruption in the day County. She must request please. Yes, sir. Can you play for fundamentals down here from a north. Clinton and Monica song follow by a man bitch. Follow by a man bitch in your bought hunting. Okay. And have a great day. Here's a guy that's Cory graphing to show. They better hire him over there at 1700. And that Tony Boloni, whatever that guy. What is that guy? I love that name. What name is he used on here? Kata Yud. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Why was lying? The only sports stock station in this town where we still speak a little English. Not too much just enough to get by. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay, sir. I had not the Vegas next Friday. I'm packing it up already. Oh, right. They may ask you something. His rosewood grill is good as advertised. I've been out there a couple of times. Haven't had a chance to eat there. I'll be honest with you. It's very good. But if you want, if you're big into the state, Ruth Chris is better. And there's two roots Christian Vegas. Oh, there are two roots Christian. There are people who say why. You can go to roots Chris here anytime. But I mean, if you really want to go out for a great state, there's a rosewood is very good. But it's very expensive and Ruth Chris is better. Yeah, I got a shameless request. My wife actually waiting in her car. I hope you'll play it as far before she goes in the doctor. Anything for your wife. Keep it through the keyhole. Okay. Thank you, sir. And have a great day. What a guy, man. What a great amount. He's been through the keyhole. Watching mom and dad. He's been through the keyhole. I'm also on the other hand. Yeah. Mom and dad were playing text right there on the bed. I mean, our probies at the delivery daddy 10. Mommy 10 was bobbin. She almost got whipped last. I don't know what she was drinking, but you got a note must dash. She's been through the keyhole. And she'll let us see. But I sure do like you, Marla. Maybe I'm indeed. Mom and dad were hooked together. Like my ranking one. What a fun life. What something like that? Mom was yelling at the door. Dad was breathing heavy. Mom was on her knees. You have to hide a bobbin. Well, she's just been working. She's been through the keyhole. Watching mom and dad. She's been through the keyhole. The most I've ever had. When we watched those little wongers, the nice started to get sick. If daddy's name is Helmer, why mom asked for dick. Daddy's grown in his eyes. Both act. Mommy wanted more. She's gone back on top of him, but all he did was snore. She's been through the keyhole. Has her name had a hole. I can't wait to try and get out. I'm so girly. My class. I can't wait to try and get out. I'm so girly. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Perfectly six and five, 60 WQAM. You're sick twisted and perverted station for the 90s. Oh, we want to sick twisted and perverted talk. Not a bunch of boring repetitions old sports talk. We want sick twisted perverted talk. I say, let's go around to a building and start looking at all those drawers. Well, not those kind of drawers. We're about to drawers in the desks. We're about to put some old pictures. I guarantee we'll find some real good subject matter in here. I'll go to rest of this boring long hot depressing summer. Perfect. I wouldn't be surprised if we found a few more of these. Okay. I know you can't see it because Roll. Next it up, but never less. Well, there's just something about that big black. One lady. I'll cut six feet. Oh, don't you keep playing here. I'm a family who's already dead. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Oh, right. It's the girls in Monica's vagina. You let's out of Gagos. When he makes in Wago, Monica is not the kind you can do in behind. No, but it's the girl in her vagina. She's all mine. Okay. Where's he? Don't know where a storky goes. I can see how there was some confusion Between humans or and human horror. And then I can saw the term. Seater box means to her naked. Stars reportedly to go in line. That's when he was working hard. They nighted in the ovary of this. Working on a practical joke. He took a Mac and noodle. Put an explode in. Loaded for Monica. Was flowing in the snow. Re- Duncan's asleep again another night. Mete cangng equalexia. Monaco is not theобыht singular. At school, she relieving on the middle. And she dropped the bullman. Oh, people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by a husband. Feel that Hillary was wronged. A family named Edron, she was born and born and how old was to and her with those bones. It was the cause of Monica's vagina. She left out a gigo. Every friggin' time he makes a wego. Monica is not the kind you've been through in the behind. But as a car and her vagina she'd all mine. Oh, can't be standing. Yes, that's not the respect of all year. What you gotta do is take a tip over it all. Everybody in the front, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. All night, all the problems are gone. I want to thank you in the front, honey. I've been here all the time. I guarantee you, I'll ever hear that on 17. Oh, wait, Jose, baby. Four minutes and two one and five sixty WQM. Your nervous psychotic station for the 90s where the general manager is running around up and down the hall back and forth. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Law suit that very check ass. Yeah, maybe if you talk to the right people over there, okay. Maybe if you find out who your real friend is our Greg and start instead of talking to that little back standing. You know what I'm talking about there. God, how is that possible? Here's a mobile in four-laterdale, huh? Maybe he talks to him because he's the only one who'll put his name in the paper. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale going once going twice. Have a wonderful life. Here's a mobile in Bonavent, your hello. Yeah, I see. Okay, great. You would talk before about the trail street well. How everybody, they forgot what he did with the coach. Yeah, so, do everything like that. What's the circumstances where when he did coach, you know, choke the coach? What would mean do I know what the circumstances mean? I mean, why did he choke the guy to start with, do you know why? I saw the piece, I saw it at length. What difference does it make? Right, no, the point is because you're saying how, you know, like everybody tends to get about that because he's a high pay bat Lee. He's a great student. That's correct, yeah. Okay, but isn't it the true that they play on the tremendous pressure and emotion? Yeah, I think we work at a tremendous pressure too here. You know, something that if I went in a hallway and started choking my boss, I'd be behind bars. Okay, for a soft, you idiot. You see, this is the kind of, they'll acknowledge I's for anybody. Anything they do, whether it's Mike Tyson, Lawrence Phillips, latrine, Street, well, Brian Blade, they never met a scumbag they didn't like these assholes. Well, they play on the tremendous pressure. Yeah, these guys are getting paid 10 and $15 million a year. They won't play a goddamn game. Oh, gee, poor baby. And you know, something that they lose, they still have to get paid. If they think they're joined out, they still have to get paid. Professional athletes have the most ironclad, best guy damn agent of the contract in the world. Well, the tremendous pressure they have to see here's another guy who takes it seriously, who thinks that it's important. That's what's wrong with sports talk, radio is that it appeals to assholes like this guy right there. You know what I'm saying? He's an asshole. Yeah. Plan under tremendous pressure. Therefore, if they happen to try to choke the coach twice by the way in the same day. That's just one of the twice. Well, you got to understand the circumstances. Yeah. Right. Like when Lawrence Phillips's status is girlfriend in that stand-up mailbox, they're in try to kill her after he beats the crap out of her. He's under a lot of pressure. Don't you understand it? And like when Mike Tyson had that the fender bender down there, where the hell it was in Maryland or wherever, he's under a lot of pressure. Scumbag is a scumbag pad. You can take the boy out of the city or out of the ghetto, but you can't take the scumb out of the bag. And you know, in fact, that some jackass, like you would call in a apologize and try to rationalize, on your try to do is make yourself feel better about you. Not about the train's free will. It's not about anybody else, but about you and your twisted. And then they're talking about the kids in Colorado. And these people can't figure out why the kids don't know right from wrong. And up from down and in from out. Because they're learning from parents like this, who say, I pray that this guy ain't reproducing. I pray. I'll pray to God. If I have to. Those are the kind of values you're teaching. Okay, no matter what kind of a degenerate scumbag, wife beating girlfriend beating. And here we got a Vanderholly mole. It feels that's got 175 different childrens by 425 different women. And they just can't wait to pay somebody to see this scumbag going there and put on another bum of the month fight. Like Tyson just gets out of jail. And they can't wait to see him fight a 90 year old man. Purchase your urge for him. Who's going to beat him over to head with his lean green. We'll grill him the sheen. God, I'm serious man. The sports talk the whole phenomenon is terrifying to me. Because at least it brings them into it. Like a concentration. You understand? Like they're all like in one spot. It's like all the answers. There's a thing to sugar around the account. All the ants like all are running around the one spot. And so, at least you know where to get your hands on these people. Where to put the butterfly in it. Do you know the circumstances? Do you? Uh-huh. I'm almost speechless that that's some, of course he sounded like a New Yorker to me. Sound like a real New York asshole. Yeah. And of course, since we'll train just happens to play on the next ride now. There you go. Let's hear it. And by the way, don't forget. Let's go spur her. Let's go spur her. Give the bone in San Antonio. Next. Stick it in there. Right. The next are going to get the bone in San Antonio. You can be sure that in front of San Antonio. Not that I give her crap, but in this case I'm making exception. Just thanks to guys like him. You can't complain about your value, sir, because you don't have any. You're an idiot. I'm going to San Antonio in 560 WCU. Let me talk to you after I break that song guys next. Alright. You have a nice night. What's there, Rokkhai? You have a nice night. What's there Rokkhai? On the floor of the July. Because now his cousins get up all it in the hands. What happened? We don't know. Something that she's so funny won't tell. So well as Brian. What did you do? Brian. What did you do? Seems not so long. He was standing on his phone. And he was Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. It's hot to warm in the sun. He was an ass. Then with some shut clients. I don't know why. Your age and flu claims the cops report some truth. I want to know some more. So tell me what's the song. Brian. What did you do? waxed. To leave. Or just leave. Y'all are mine. What did you do? What did you do? Yes. Now he's gone. And from this moment on. We're asking Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Oh. Brian. Yes. My God. I did. cage. I did. We're talking to a woman. I know. Actually he. Lightened. unfortunately. What about your show? You lower here the phrase high cheese or wet yard. Yeah. Tony Carreizer sucks. Mike and Mad Dog suck and Dick Curtain is the myth like failure they can do no rock. Okay, thank you sir. Whatever you said. Five, six, seven. Yeah, the high cheese and he went yard. There you go. That's the sports nerds of the 90s for you. All these idiotic cliches that make no sense that are extraordinarily annoying. And thank you. Got for that because you understand there are a lot of stress under a lot of pressure. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yeah, sir. They got to have a point. Ain't had your stress down. Won't go kill somebody. Yeah, that's right. You know, people are just unbelievable. It's very people. Right. You know, just justify just to justify just. That's what he's got. He's trying to justify to himself his bizarre unacceptable attitudes. And his willingness to accept this scumbag because he scored a few points for his team, which makes him feel more like a man. Don't you understand? It's for us. That's the whole syndrome we're talking about. I mean, you know, sports is fun as a passing, you know, you go to a ballgame. You watch the scores. You watch the non TV. But these people, this transcends the usual sports involvement of most ordinary pedestrian people. These are people who have no other life. Well, they're obsessed with this. What they are right. And they're like, and have you seen Kay lately? Okay. Now, what are you looking at me like that when you don't understand what the guys trying to say? I'm going to say a little bit of this fun. I had a chip named Kay. When they she blew away to teach you a lot of where the moon is. I'm going to do it. But in our right wing censorship, there are words in mustn't slip. We tell you how I feel. Parking. If you see Kay in the years, we want to see you if you want to. Oh, right. Now, if you see Kay, tell her I'm a service day. And he has to see you won't let me sing this song. I wrote you say how if you see Kay, take your hand. After this rendition, I'll be out in 90 days. Oh, you see Kay in here. Do you want to know that I'll see you with tea. Oh, why not go on a go. What kind of tea is this tea? Oh, why not? Oh, oh, oh, oh. One night, seeing it five, 60 WQM is rolling along. So I'm going to song it to 23rd of June. Baby, this month's almost day. Vacation time almost here. What more could you want? You know? Like I said, yeah, but if these people would just chill out a little bit, stop getting all psychotic, just when things were going so great and now they're coming apart of the seams. Everybody around here. Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop. You know, of course, now we see through that charade that your rose put on last week. If you tune in late, Joe Rose has been sleeping with the enemy, release concerning with them, and it wasn't Julia Robert either, by the way. It was 1700. It was those these lunatics, these maniacs, the the the Aphan. W. AF and the Aphan. The Aphan. 17 hundred, who the first week in August thinks they're going to put us out of business. Okay. We can't wait. No spots radio. No speaking to English sports radio, which makes it even better. Joe figured well until he gets his esponial bounty better stay here. I can't wait for that more test he show. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. If he's as good of a bronchester, he was a ball player. They're in big trouble. Yes, sir. I caught the study that I carved our central one and ordered the best of the new rod. You're sure when I come with to get it in the mail. Right. And I also want to make common on the guy said, okay, great. 560, 560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a four-later Dale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. New York Jackson for that call before. Yes. He has a rest to develop. He just wants to go back to when he was 10 years old. The lifeless piece of turd that juvenile idiot, who just is trying to he is trying to make words, you know, a wash away the fact that he's a simple didn't mindless simple that he wants to return to when he was 10 years old. All his athletes were heroes and nothing was wrong. Yeah. That's right. If defending your ring, it's pretty well. And that's why the NBA defended him till the beginning. Right. He can string three sentences together. But I don't care. They couldn't care less. I can hang out any preposition. Right. You can choke him. If I don't get the good news, his arrow is going to be ready to come back in August. Yeah. So you can choke a coach every now and then if you can put a paragraph together and speak kind of eloquently. And that's how the NBA looks at it. One last thing, a spary port, the biggest rock cuts in modern day out in Hollywood right now. You know who that is, right? Meaning what? Well, the biggest scale in Hollywood, that's in the closet. Tenfold pound. I'm listening. Yes. Two kids, they're both turkey-based. His name is John Travolta. Yeah. You knew that already. Of course. Okay. Why do you think he's in the Scientologist? Absolutely. And have a great day. There you go. Next to the Catholic Church of the Scientologist number two biggest closet in the world. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound, five, six, the animal, the one line. Celebrities making fanton babies. You know, like Michael Jackson, for example, we know that those are his kids, right? Of course. No question about it. I think the truth ended up myself. Sabers cheered by 20,000 fans at Raleigh and Buffalo. How do you like this? Lindy Ruff had two words for those fans, crammed in front of Buffalo City Hall Tuesday. No goal. And the fan, that's sent fans into a friendly and set off a chat of no goal, no goal. Some people are carried by it saying we were cheated not defeated. And one that said, that was shouting out steel. How do you like that? The ratings by the way were up 17%. I'm both Fox and ESPN. Not fantastic, but they're making a little progress. And if ESPN wasn't a screw, the fans didn't Dallas their on Saturday and let the fans see the game over regular over to your TV. They, you know, it would have been a great thing, but they didn't do it. They didn't do it because they just don't want to do the right thing. They don't care about the sport. They don't care about the game, of course, Gary Bepman at the helm. You're expecting to do the right thing. Oh, no way Jose. And by the way, let's go, Sparrer. I just mentioned that in passing. Okay. Give the next a bone from San Antonio. You stick it deep inside there. I can twist it. In fact, I say, let's get latrine with the, I mean green, lean grill and machine. That's what I say. Piece of crap. Piece of turd. Nice haircut, though. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Let's go on. How you doing? Pretty good. What's up with these black people in hockey? They can't leave it to the white people? Get some, no maturel. Okay, pal. Get your on the chair. You think there's something good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 6, 6, the on the mobile one line. It's like looking in the mirror. Nothing like it. You're on the cereal fed right back in your pussy. You know what I'm saying? You get it? Here's a, well, wrong line. Mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Walk if can be is unbelievable. Meaning what you have not even seen to begin to see anything from this kid. Medium. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. I'm unbelievable. I'm unbelievable. I'm not. You're okay. We're not to explore one of the sports shows. Call another New Yorker. Okay. We don't care. Number one. We don't want to talk about not just New Yorkers like you. Number two. We don't care about that crap. Your lifeless, imbicill man. You're a simple man. It's small ball. It's for dark folks. Okay. And you're obsessed with it because you have no life. Because they kicked your ass out on the New York and you want to appear. And you woke up one day and looked around and said, Eeeeh. And so we understand. What it was the wrong line. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. I mean, I already did it. Great. Good. I wanted to thank you and guilty especially mainly because you got me on this concept about I don't care and I really don't care anymore. I don't give a shit. That's what this world is all about. I don't care about my job. It's a crap. Right. Government officials here. There's one thing I do care about though. Right. Let's go spurs. All right. Excellent. Let's do it everybody. Come on. That's it. You got it, pal. Give me a little bit of time. Give me the ball and in San Antonio. I'm not just loud mouth. You know, and that's another problem with this radio station. If, maybe we can send all the Nixon to jet fans over the 1700. And august. That would be great. I might even start listening then, but I doubt it. What a blessing that would be. You can have them all over there. Okay. With your machine and mad dog. Because I hate to break the news here. This last time I checked when I didn't New York. We're not in New York. My Gregory this morning during one of his 48 visits in here where he was going to like that. He's telling me how he was just up in Philadelphia. And he was listening to WIP, which is the sports station up there and how bad it sucks. And how they were talking about all this fully stuff. Well, guess what? They were talking about fully stuff because they're in Philadelphia. You come down here. You turn on your sports station and they're talking about New York. The next this and the jet said and the next then he aches this. Okay. I said yesterday. If it was so great, I'm sure that there's a plane leaving in 45 minutes. I bet a lot of you are money on it. What's Palm Beach? Hello. New. Yes sir. That guy that called about a tree's perro. Yeah. He's a virgin A whole. Yeah. Can't believe it. I mean, he makes as much in one game as I make a whole year. Right. Three kids. 500 a month for health insurance, which they're going to cancel my insurance because you remember that thing a few months ago in the paper? They're going to drop the floor audience. The HMOs. Yeah. Okay. Good luck, sir. You're really going to need it. Poor Dero. What are we going to do about poor Dero? He's only had 198 chances. What are we going to do about him? And all of these others. All these other low-life scumbag pieces of turd and we're supposed to admire them. And your kid is supposed to look up to them and ask them for their autograph. Very, very sad. But you do understand, don't you? That's the American fucking way. 560, 560, 560, 560, and mobile online. We just keep plowing along. Okay. Straight ahead. Onward. We don't give a crap on this show. We just keep moving straight along. One toilet of time. More fat. Pretty old. Tell you. You. Yeah. That's so shit. Nice. If I'm the 9 o'clock movie with a defenseless kid picked up. Hey, come on. Stop that. We're me alone. We can become victimized. Oh, sure. Think my parking spot. I wasn't just waiting here for or anything. Go right ahead. And wouldn't old-relate you to attack. Out of the way, you little grunt. Ah, not painting me with your motorbike wheelchair. You all back. That hurt. It's a tack of the blue hairs. Oh, Clark, somewhere else. It's not boiling from the back pain. Too far up here. Without warning, without fear. And they can strike at any time. A tack of the blue hairs. Tonight at night at clock. 131 to 5.62. And by the way, Hank over just like he said in the door and unknown to me, he just said, Mike in a mad dog are doing it with each other. So there you go. 5.675.60. Pound 5.60 on a mobile. And I think what he said was Greg Reid in very jackass are doing it together. And he also said, let's go spurred. Okay, where were we? You know something. I don't even care about that. And I will be at the track. But nevertheless, I'll make an extra point to be sure watching that game for that. Right? Game for all the watching as much of that as possible in between my losing my ass at Pombo O Park. Just to make sure that we, who it's first. Stick it to him. Okay, and shut these New Yorkers up these big loud obnoxious New Yorkers with their big bad mouths who never met a goddamn gangster that they didn't fall in love with. Was it Steve Howe? Was it Darrell's strawberry? Was it latrine? Spring? Well, that's what we ought to do is have the big contest between Florida and New York for the Games, the teams. Because we had Jimmy, of course, who started all the games to craft at UM with those So, there's great camouflage outfits and then took it up the back door to the festival 87 from Penn State and came back with their tail between their camouflage pants. And Michael Irvin and all the other good guys. And of course, now we got Cecil and we had Lawrence Phillips and Bobby Humphrey back Before Jimmy and we had Mark Duper and all the other good and Sammy Smith. So let's have a big gangster off, okay? We went to Florida and New York sports fans. Yeah, Hank agrees, we're all peeing in our pants. We're all trembling about here over 1700. We don't know whether it's scream or eat a banana. And just keep the checks coming Greg. Maybe next one on time would be nice. Here's a mobile informe, here's hello. Hey, how are you doing? You're great. That's what Toronto is for professional sports. You know, guys like this like little, a trail, a tree well. And you know something, look at all the good talents out there that don't get the opportunity that don't get a chance that they could be in their making their eight or 10 million years that maybe 12 or 15 and play in their brains out. Exactly. That aren't beaten the crap out of their women and whatever and their choke and their coaches and whatever they're doing. And what, you know, these guys, people forget like you said, you know, they're playing a sport. They're playing a game. Yeah. And here we are working our asses off. Right. They're making multiple millions of dollars and they can't. They're they're illiterate. They can't even put a sentence together. Right. And you know, I've been trying to get that sentence. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Here we pay. You know, I remember that guy a few weeks ago, give me a song to dance about bubble. Well, first of all, if they increase their salary, the president, the sitting president can't get the increase. So it doesn't affect Clinton with your liquor. But the idea that we live in a country, talk about under stress, where the president we pay $200,000 a year. Talk about stress in there with a little black box. We're going to talk about whether the guy named my Russians are going to set off the nuclear weapons and whether they got the Y2 case strained out in time for the all of this thing. All these things that he's going to work about, we're paying him 200 grand. And yet these invicils are calling defending guys that are making $12 and $15 and $20 million a year who can't sign an ex of the goddamn contract. If we keep glorifying athletes like this, that's what's wrong with America. That's right. We're headed to hell. Amen. And God bless you, sir. Oh, we can't figure out whether it was kids who all screwed up. Yeah, in last night, by the way, on date line, or was it the which are at date line, I guess they got another piece about little tin collar right about column by high. And how the new deal is well, it was a because of the teasing by the shocks. I hate to break the news to you over there at date line, which usually has some pretty interesting shows. This stuff is vignal and on in school. Every person I've talked to about this, what they went to high school 10 years ago, 10 minutes ago, or graduated almost 40 years ago like I did. There's nothing any different today. The only thing different today is that people don't go around killing him to bomb in the school because somebody tees them are made fun of him. I mean, here we have that story today about all these jokes that had their F changed to B's and C's right here at schools in his town. Is there anybody blown up the school yet? No. And if they did with anybody with a brain justified? No. National Network TV was it to talk about desperate about reaching. I mean, I guess they can't do any more on John Bony, you know. I must actually fry mommy, daddy, and the brother and broke all the other together in the same seat. They run out of material on that. So let's just squeeze this little, take this tragedy, which is what television does the best is just absolutely capitalizing on human misery and suffering. And let's just squeeze it like squeezing a turnip until you get to last out the blood out of it. Squeezing a rock to get the last drop of water out of it. That's what you crazy people in the media do. You're sick, you're psychotic. And you come on over the straight face and present a story like that last night. They've been teased by the Jax and the Jax talk bad to one of them. So there you go. There's one for you. I'll throw away if you want to go. So she said, or the one kid said, if they wanted to really get the Jax, what then they come to the God damn steam room or whatever it is. Now seriously, he said there's like 40 kids in the in where we're hanging out. Probably taking a shower together. 40 Jax were in there. So if they really wanted to get the Jax, they knew where they all were. But nevertheless, it's not you know, it sounds good. And maybe they just missed understood. Or maybe it was all those drugs that they were on. How do you think that might have been it? All those prescription drugs got for a bit. And like somebody said, if they were to smoke it a little bit of weed that they might have been in a more melal mood. Then running around killing each other. We don't know anybody in the world that ever was smoking a little weed right around killing anybody. Unless they were killing for like a meal or something like that, then I could understand. Like for a snack. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Three weed Thursday tomorrow by the way, here at QA. Along guarantee, the liver had the quality weed over there at 17. We got here at QA. Right in the middle of Lumsurmaica. We got the permanent supply right here across the street. And Carlos just brought in the shipment. Look at that. He's in a little. I thought I was joking. And a little sector. He'll suck. Anyway, 22 before 2 at 560 WQAM. Oh god, Leo. I made it through a farm shelter. Somehow I made it through. And now how evil I was to have my food. They say we're almost eaten. We're not that. We're not that. I'm cool, but you may just be here. Yeah, you may just be here. Like with the fruit. Alright. And I can still be there. Oh. From 48 to 10. Like a set of Indian. When you're farm-fog, you can try to sound like a silly air. And the little, the little, the little, the little, the little, the little, the little. Yeah, we don't care if they're pulling up the right to the world. We're going to get our ball scores. You're at joy. I don't know. What does it matter with you, man? Cause I'm all out of trouble. Good point. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just wanted to say I haven't the same feeling about these sports people as I do when I flip around on the TV. The front row for football games, some beer good guys, because they spin it. This body pain is giant palm fingers. Right. We're number one. Right. I mean, you know, the team is really trying to say, I have no life. You said and dropped. Right. That's what the problem is. Exactly. You should just like the Star Wars. I have no life. Right. Press up in the costumes and wait 40 minutes. Exactly. It's okay if it's a little kid because the little kids like to do things that are fun. And to a point, you know, that's okay. But when a guy's like 46 years old, and he's dressed up on all his crap all over him and he's gutlin' out with his big fat perfect and spewing his beer all over everybody else. I think you absolutely correct sir. Do we really need another sports station? No. I got news for. We don't need this sports station. You said something about nuclear war. I think I think like, you know, Hank any afternoon doing his sports in gambling show. And me and then we get, you know, like, somebody in the morning on here that could be entertaining, you know, which are morning guys and I skies, but they're not entertaining. I think they would talk about an nuclear war because they'd be concerned about how would affect the pitching arm and then the person, you know, can they hit the ball with the ball? And then of course don't forget what we have to post on any games and have a great day. You too. Yeah, what, who could we put on in the morning? Okay, I mean, feeling coming back is okay. I can't come back. Bob and Tom. Hey, there you go. Bob and Tom. I love Bob and Tom. There you go. I just can't say, well, I think that, in fact, Joe can take out all of what we do like guilty. We want him doing the pantheon games. I'm putting in for guilty doing the pantheon games. That's my campaign. Not jigs McDonald plays. You were good guy jigs, but I'll gotta you boring. So we keep guilty around to do the a pantheon broadcast and the beef all well. Keep people right away. His mother happy. We don't want to get out. I want to get her upset again today. I just autographed her a picture. Betty, you're okay. You never still afraid train. Although beef will he could go out on unemployment for a few months because then he might lose some weight for beef all. Oh, I'm serious. He has porked up. In fact, Hank was just in here. He's lost a lot of weight. I think beefal was pastank. He passed me a long time ago. He has definitely passedank like he was standing still on the butcher skull on a scale and on the real scale on the weight scale. You know what I mean, beefal? Yeah, I think Bob and Tom in the morning. Huh? And then of course, at night time, we could put some non-low entertaining like Robin Fox. We ever need to go to Hank doing his fourth and gambling show to gamblers to get this stuff from it. We don't need any K. Eddie can a local Tom jico, okay? They can match hairdo's. Well, I've Robin Fox on there at night. Oh, the real radio station. Passion bones. Here's Western. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Can I get back on bush for a second? Go right back on bush. Well, really pisses me off is that it's on excuse. You know, not I wasn't hiding it from the government. I was hiding it from my husband. Yeah. Like I guess they're. And then he turns around and says how we spend our money is our business. We don't care if she spend a million dollars over there. But that's between the two of them. The fact is she was trying to screw the government out of the money. She and then she lied to a federal officer. And I guess they have so much money with the wife can spend 20 grand and the husband will never know. Right. I guess those rules will be worrying. I'll never notice. Hey, I got news for it. There's more money in that bush outfit than you can shake your thing. Yeah. Well, tonight I hope Tim is backing over the next. Okay. Take care. Yeah. Let's go for it. Oh. I'm just I'm just I'll all the way to my mother's house. I'm going to be screaming on the in the car. I give it a bow. I'm going to stand until. God damn Nixon their friend. And I don't know. And you know, the interesting part of it is when the next we're playing the heat. Not that I follow my mind. You're out there watching them in a oven. But when the next we're playing the heat, I hate to admit it. But I was hoping the next would beat them just to shut these stupid heat fans up and just to get the whole thing out of here. So we can like move it somewhere else because it's not for white people. I realize it's all that's going on. And our people on this station are desperate. They got to talk about this because there is no other sport going on except golf. And like I said yesterday, it's not a sport. It's a game for blue noses. But at least let's get as far away from here and move on to the important stuff. My Greg reaches. When you're on WIP, they were talking about the was this scraple. Is that what they call it? That they eat. It's a Philadelphia thing like they can chief police take cheese. Scraple or whatever that crap is. It's for glam. But they talked about that all morning. I thought to myself, God, it's a lot more entertaining than what I hear on the morning show here. With a goddamn shwartersball thing that goes on for four hours every day. White people don't care. I don't care how many people in their goddamn Yuppie suits and are cell phones. Tell you that it's a basketball fan. White people don't care about their shwarters board. Okay. I don't care how many people show up there at the place. It's just someplace to be. It's like the hockey games. We packed that joint. They're an 18, 19,000 people. There aren't 100 of those people that even have any idea where center-lices. Much less that there's really a game going on. Like, you know, the game will be tied one one at the end of regulation. And all of a sudden, 10,000 people leave. Not that they're in a hurry to go early. They just don't know there's going to be an overtime. Like they gotta call me here several weeks ago and says to me, Oh, they haven't played overtime in hockey in years. I said, oh, thanks for the information, asshole. Thank you. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Yeah, you doing? Okay, sir. Okay. Good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, on a mobile one line. Well, I was the right word for it. He said basketball and he says, he said, okay, and that was exactly correct. But don't be redundant next time. Here's a mobile and cruel spring, hello. Yes, sir. On a line eight, okay, line eight, screw it up again. See what I mean? Can't afford a phone system that works right. But we gotta go running around in a big black suit. He's running up there. Oh, my God. Very jackass. The law soon. In addition to my affection. Yeah, alienation of your erection. Okay. Who the hell are you, kid and Greg? Okay. Stop running around here like you know something about radio. You're not fooling any of us. We know. Just get those checks in here on time and cut the crap, and have an execution and go back on it right now. God, it was so nice and peaceful before he came back. And back in a building, what? One day, one day he comes back in town and his good best close personal friend, very jackass. You see, I don't know about you. But I'm one of those people. If I speak to very Jackass, I'd be embarrassed to admit it. The only time I ever met in the only time I ever saw him, he came up to me at the airport in Toronto like about a year ago and approached me. You know who I am? And I said, no. And there we Jackass. Oh, Jesus. And a lot of what, and the greatest line is, is a lot of what you say about me is true. Now have I ever seen anything good about him? Oh, no. And that would be like somebody you never met before walking up to you in the middle of an airport in the middle of anywhere, a shopping mall and saying, oh, by the way, I'm so and so and you're right. I'm an asshole. Oh, okay. Thank you. Thanks for your refreshing honesty and get out of here, asshole. Yeah. So thanks for admitting your an asshole very because I'll tell you one thing. You sure live up to it. And by the way, let's go spurred. 74 to at 560 WQAM. She's not important in life that you succeed but that the New Yorkers down here. The obnoxious ones that everything that touches them fails and that they all lose their bets big time and they lose their ass. Which is probably why they're here in the first place, by the way. Probably hiding from their bookies.