Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Waterdale presents the Neil Roger Show, to talk to Neil, called 567-0560 toll free for David Rarrer, or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil, his guest, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions, or the feasly broadcast group. Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QA-L. And I'm going to tell you something right now, and you can mark it down. If Brewer County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility, I will not play here. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying, Here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. You think Blackmail is going to work so far? A big blackmail specials in the shopping window behind. Through the land, you don't think Blackmailing a charity scroll. You don't know the voice on any but easy, shy and full-fing scroll. Down on the little field, right? What's wrong with your half-time? You walk at the night. You walk at night. You don't feel fine. You walk. You're well. You think a big abang to nine. I've had your hand and bruised up your mind in the way you live. Through it in. You get my bold, your long and strong. You carry my hand and hold it in so very, very well. You've found a big abang to nine. You've got a big abang to nine. You don't have to do it that way. You've got to take with the old days you've got. It's 10.03 at 5.06. You have a happy Wednesday, too. First thing I see when I come in this morning and hear it is I got in my hand right now in the calendar too. Thank you whoever whatever mystery person left this for me after yesterday's show. At least I got some response on it from somebody inside the building. If not outside, although I did have that one slime ball. That one silly guy that called yesterday that bragged to me about he watches Bass fishing on TV. Here's my 365 days of fly fishing calendar. I have a lot of experience with flies but most of them have a zipper. But nevertheless, I mean look at there's a straight bass and there's a big mouth. One in a bass too and there's like a spotted and just beautiful stuff. There we go. I've got some bad fishing on TV. What do you say? Come on. Let's put it in 4 or 5 hours. I'm sitting there watching somebody else stick his pole in the water. Here's a great letter to the editor by the way. From the Sun Sentinel, here's our letter to the editor of the day. Headlines say very short. Headlines say make drugs legal. Ray your editorial. Fight where it will do the most good October 6. The last sentence reads, you want to officially clearly need to be acting. Where they can get the most bang for the buck. I think the answer is simple. It eliminates the money and you eliminate the drug dealers, pushers, growers etc. Otherwise legalized drugs. Remember prohibition says Jean counter and coconut creek. There you go, Jean. Maybe sounds a little bit radical to me. It sounds like some Jesse Ventura or Neil Rogers might say. Like the way things work in a real country where people are really free. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Yeah, Neil. Speaking of references to editorial, you're just reading. Definitely legalized it and we'll definitely do a lot better. I mean, we can use so much difference for the money. Put it towards our deficit. Put it towards all the BS. How about that answer? The school's looking at the United Kingdom. They're telling me how does answer. I was just going to say that. I'm going to teach her myself and I think that that will definitely help us out. I mean, I have 40, 45 students in the world of classroom for a classroom of 28. It's ridiculous. I just want to tell you, I listen whenever I can. When I'm not teaching class, I put on real audio in the computer. I'll tell you one thing. Do not leave us. Please don't threaten to leave us because you'll definitely have a lot of. Hey, if you want to make us laugh, tell us we're leaving because that's all. It is to me. I really love you and have a great day. God bless you, sir. Thank you. I'll pray for your kids in school. They need a prayer. I don't want to get you nervous, Robert. But these monitors, it's just the overhead is low. Huh? You heard one. Oh, you know, that's see that. That's his level is fine. But like the overhead, it's all screwed up. Don't start. You did it on the air for five minutes. And already we're starting with technical crap again. Jesus Christ Christ, our motors. Now that they got the phone off fixed the ledger leave, but we had one call on it. Let's see how line four sounds today. Here we go. Don't rest in your computer. The main. That's it. I can't wait. Come on. Line seven. All right. I think the phone lines are fixed. Now we'll see if anybody calls on today, which of course is another story. I've been last seven or eight days. I don't have a little bit of a problem. They're going to have a change of life. Of course, the big story is, all in by the way, I don't want to, I don't tell anybody I told you this, but it's very, very, very, and nobody cares anyway. Very unlikely that Pavellbury will be playing tonight. I would say the chances on a scale of zero are like, zero, the big go. Yeah. Why do they keep doing that? Why do they keep pissing off the public? I guess that's the PR. That's what the P.A stands for. Pistoff relations in the panther of PR. They just don't get it. They don't understand. They get every time to get to it, which is like every other week. They keep coming up with his, all year long. He's got his thing is sticking out their sideways and his pinky through. But the hairs that they're thinking of both those papers. And the Sun Center, like how to downplay, that he have to read the injury report. But in the Harold David, Janiel makes no bone about it. With the picture in the whole deal. Bury may play tonight. Is he going to play? Oh, would say like I said, the chances on the scale of minus infinity. But they keep doing it because they really believe that if they lie to the public, that extra people will come out. And then of course, what they don't understand is that if anybody did come out, which they won't. But if they did and he didn't play, they'd be pissed off. I mean, if you came out to see Pavelle Bury play against the Atlanta thrashes, and he didn't play and you were sitting there stuck even with his $5 or $60 and this got from the first team this morning, wouldn't you be pissed off? Yeah. So why don't you just say he's going to be out for an independent time, a period of time until he gets straightened out in the finger too. Why can't you just say that? And here it is right there when the front page of the paper this morning. I can't believe that the phone is ringing off the hook already about this. Oh, our Panther fans out there. Let's hear it. Come on. Let's go, Jolent. Let's see that spirit. He loves you, can't hurt. Oh, I'm sorry. Well, that's the interesting story about that. Right in the front of the Harold, here's a big, big fat freaking story with a big, fat bald-headed guy, hyping a plant to sell the Panthers. Oh, I don't get panicky now. Team is tied to a arena deal for 30 years. They can't go anywhere. So it says, why don't we just start a rumor that there, you know? Huh? They're moving to the Tavia. No, seriously. It's your last chance to come out because they might get sold to the Tavia Pirates guy and they're moving to the Tavia New York. And unless you come out tonight to see him and against Atlanta, you might never see him again. They might be gone by Saturday before the Buffalo game. If wind can find a buyer. Anybody want to buy the Panthers? Oh, and you know, one of the greatest parts of this whole deal. Well, many of the greatest parts are, of course, that Wayne wins no matter what. As usual. See you on this day. Why are we supposed to keep feeling bad for millionaires and billionaires for John Henry, we're supposed to, by the way, Linda Robertson finally writes a great column today. And Harold, nice going, let us Henry's numbers just don't add up. She says he's crazy and nuts at all the other good stuff. I go and Linda, they finally figured that out. See, the Harold's interesting way to help Zappering lately. What they have been doing is sticking their finger, their crooked little finger like Pavelle's out the window to see which way the wind is blowing. Just like with Mayor Penis that there were so enthusiastic behind like the Panthers sales tax and they saw the, the result of the election and all of a sudden they turned on him like a cornered rat. And they can't say enough bad things, even though they're all true about Mayor Pinga. And that's the same thing with the John Henry. Wasn't it the Harold and a son sent, both telling us about all the great things, how desperately we need to God the stadium for the quality of life and settlement. Wasn't it our news papers to him? And now all of a sudden like every columnist, everything. They're all warning us, don't buy into this crap because we got more important things to take care of. Nice going, guys. They're late, they never, of course, that just happened after they saw those pool numbers. Remember those pools about what we can have on a Sunday? And the overwhelming majority of people said, oh, the John Henry, stick it up your ass. Okay, take your Marlins go to, would you even New York? Maybe the Marlins from Geneva can play the Panthers from Batavia. Not far to travel, sounds good to me. Give you some real cheap tickets. Come on out there, see those Panthers tonight. You come in, not Panthers in Atlanta. Thracier's baby, you'll have play, in fact. I think we're going to give you three seats for the price of one. No, I mean, we won't give you three tickets, but you'll have three seats to sit in. At least, maybe four. Don't say that. Well, I just said it. It's true. I'm like a sock, okay. I had communion in my hands, just started bleeding. This man suffers from the consequences of what some might call a civilized religion. Stick Mata, performing a leading hole in the palms of the hands. Resulting from sacrificial blunt, goes away. Hello, I'm Kippadada for the fight against Stick Mata. Now a lot of you don't gotta fight with any case you don't want to stick Mata, but you're very new. We're afraid from adjusting the body or blood of anybody, or you may never play handball again. Stick Mata, it's Stick You bring. Oh, 15 to 560 W to QAM. So what do we do? The interesting parts about this. First of all, let's hear it. I'm happy to tell about this, because we've been hoping for a long time. We get way out of our face. Remember those days when Wayne was sitting there with Don, Shula doing that big year, four years ago. Any Ed Shula down there and that whole business behind the goal. Remember those days? Oh, yeah. And there was Wayne and Marty and her yelling at the chair and then they're doing a- Go, Panthers up all out of the crap. Now all of a sudden you can't get rid of him fast enough, because number one, it thinks the hockey team is dragging down the stock price of Boko Resorts, the team's public company, which has become primarily a hotel and resort company. We saw you people that thought that you were buying into a hockey team. There's another one of those bait and switch deals that were very good at here at QAM, by the way. There's one of Wayne's bait and switch deals. Florida Panthers are holding, so whatever they call it. And they thought, oh, well, you know, we're going to capitalize on the popularity of the team. And that big year, four years ago to stand the cup run. And we're going to sell shares in it. And so a lot of people, you know, they for whatever reason. They thought they're going to make money or they wanted a little piece of the team or something. Now all of a sudden it's a hotel stock with a different name. And Wayne says, well, I like this hockey team. It's dragging down my stock. Of course he's always got somebody or something that's dragging down his stock, whether it's auto-nation, no matter what it is, he can't face the fact that everything he touches lately turns everything his name is associated with. Yeah, and people don't want to buy it. So now, Booker Resorts is they want to get rid of the Panthers. You've cut that off another make a lot of money. I think so. Oh, the neat time he's making the ones going to make a lot of money because he's going to sell the team for 175 million of his body's asking. Plus here's the best part of the deal. Oh, yeah, he says there's no NHL salary cap and he fears hockey player salaries will continue to rise. They haven't major league baseball and who won up losing his ass. In other words, he don't want to spend the money to put a quality product out there. He did spend the money for Pavlov Buray who never plays, but he don't want to spend the money for any other free agents. Did he go out there and spend a lot of money on anybody else? No, no. Which is the reason why we had this hangover our head. Did he spend money to go out there and get a center that can really play with Pavlov Buray? No, no. See, this is the reason why they're so the whole organization is terrified. Every time Pavlov has a bad bowel movement, every time he farts the wrong flavor, oh my god, what are we going to do? Because they're in a panic because they got all their eggs in one casket. And you can't put all your eggs in one casket because otherwise you die. And that's what's happening with this. That's why nobody's showing up there. Even though they got off to that good start, which was very fictitious, but nevertheless, they're sitting right there at top of their division. But anyway, the best part of the deal for Wayne not only is he going to get 175 or maybe more million for the team. But he sells it, but he also, of course, just like in the Miami Arena, he controls the profits of all the stuff that goes on here inside the macarina, even after he sells the hockey team. So all the concerts that go on in there, all of these things, he's got his big, ugly fist stuck in there. He's got his sitting fest at hand, grab it all the guy there and money out everybody's pockets with it without the hockey team. So what else he needs a hockey team for? And keep in mind, by the way, this is the same arena that the public sped that came up with this creative bed tax, whatever it was in Brought, $200 million in tax money to build for the Panthers. So cry baby Wayne wouldn't take him in move him to Tennessee to pour Lenorega where we kept writing the move him. But like I said, we ought to be celebrating. We ought to be having a party. I'll 20 of us who care because the team is tied to this deal for 30 years. It's written in bronze in Braille. They can't go anywhere for 30 years. So who the hell needs him? Who needs this guy? Let's get somebody who really appreciates hockey and those sports like Neil Rogers to buy the team. Huh? So if we can get 175 million people to donate me a dollar a piece, Neil Rogers, Inc. Holdings, whatever it is, how do you want to hold this? Yeah. Let's say Neil buys the team. I don't know if we can go out there and get some goddamn good players. We're bringing back track my hobbits. What do you say that? All of those old guys that the beefies always talking about will bring back gumporasely. How do you like that? Who the hell these people are? They don't know who the players are. We got now. They don't gumporasely? No. They don't know the gumper from the Humper. Who, by the way, understand yesterday. That's finally had a confesional year. Yeah. He had a confesional year in the admitted that it's become a gambling show. And all these boring, terminal gambling. It's like this morning. I'm listening to the worst team for as long as I can stand it. And I hear a caller saying, well, what about that? You're a teal drink. All they want to talk about is Yantel Green. And like Hank says, he ain't gonna play. He hasn't played a game in three years. He's a piece of turds. He's even more fragile and povlob. Every time he farts again, he's off for six months. What is the team is seven and one. And only in this town, they're worried about Yantel Green. And the same with these chronic sports people, man. These gambling people. Well, how come there's an eight and a half points spread in this game, a Humper, and how come, you know? I mean, you talk about terminal. I'd rather watch bass fishing for 600 hours. Then listen to these chronic gamblers, call them and put us all. And put us out of business. That's what you've done. You put me out of business just because I'm stuck in the middle of it. Look at this. I got one call on the board there. Even Robert checking you said, like, what we get more calls in the middle of the night when we got a tape out of the network show coming. It's right. We get more calls in this to a show that you can't call in. We run tape shows we get more calls in this. And one call by the way is from Naples. Hello. Yes, sir. We're at all dead over here. We listen to you. What's in a while? Yeah. Hey, why don't you come to work every other day and just play commercial role at time and say, You and not a thing. I mean, we could play the commercials on alternate days and then the other day is we could have a show. That's good. I've read it. They got too many damn commercial. Well, I've said brutal. These people are grave robbers. These beesleys. Well, I'm not over there and pick it outside their building. Say, how much is enough? Well, I just love it. Say, you a lot of time. You like to come in every other day. I think once a week sounds good to me, the way things are going lately. Once a week sounds about next. We'll have a good day anyway. Okay. Thanks so much. All right. How do my good friends to be easily? Is that what I'll tell you with them? That's what I hear yesterday. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line at line nine that we just had that great call from Naples. He was okay. 877, 785, Neil. 877, 785, 63, 45. Let's see, right from the get go today, whether we're finally going to break this streak or whether we're going to continue with like Joel and Joe to measure you. Yeah, we might just go 56 days in a row like this would like a desperate on the phone. We might just do it. Because this town is shriveled up and died. It just, you can smell it. It's just that accurate, a moment in the year. You can smell it. Here's a mobile and pop-in-o. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes? You know, once we're in the car, we'll say, you need people like me to call. Yeah. That's the real thing. You know, I'll try to give you a chance. And it's a long time. Okay. Thanks. Call the sports show. Okay. You sound like one of their people. We don't need you, sir. We don't need ever. They're talking to an empty guy. They're in board, which I am anyway right now. I'm rather talking to myself. Then people that sound like you. You're one of the sports nerds. Okay. Here's our last chance. Because I got this for. I got my paycheck in my pocket today and Robert could have a real easy day today. Because I could just plain use it. I'm prepared for that. I look in my contract last night. I've got all these technical problems that they're having here. And about the fact that we can't buy a guy named call on the show anymore. I'm not upset about those things. You know, I go with the flow. And it said, you know, they pay me to do a four hour radio show. Read it. Not a talk show. A four hour radio show. Prepare and present a four hour radio show. That could be music. That could be Hungarian melodies. That could be Chinese melodies. That could be just about anything under the sun. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Davy. Yes, sir. I got you. I want to help you. I got a bad bad person. You can't enjoy the revenue from the Confucius fans. Beats me. Why would you do that to pop in the post at the catapest? Beats me. That's right. Yeah, but if you ever tasted this stuff in those concessions, you want to taste it. I don't think so. No. Well, I kept saying. Okay. Good point. Can't understand these colors either by the way. I don't know if you can't understand these colors. I don't know if you can understand these colors. I don't know if you can understand these colors. I don't know if you can understand these colors. I don't know if you can understand these colors. I don't know if you can understand these colors. I don't know if you can understand these colors. I don't know if you can understand these colors. I don't know if you can understand these colors. I don't know if you can understand these colors. I don't know if you can understand these colors. I don't know if you can understand these colors. I don't know if you can understand these colors. I don't know if you can understand these colors. I don't know if you can understand these colors. I don't know if you can understand these colors. Did you see them? Are you going to see them? Yeah. Here's a whirlpombee. Hello. whirlpombee. Neil. Yes, sir. Thank you. My God. Yeah, thank you. Like I said, Chinese melody sounds real good to me. Where are we going, Robert? Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Okay, last week I'll try him in around and I saw bumper cigarettes that atheism is the cheapest religion Like that No, well Let me ask you if you see our report by area through last minute. No, did you hear about enough report on what? He did a thing on how there's about a million speeding tickets given each year But about 50,000 of them aren't are not a dick dismiss Because the cops don't even show up right why is it telling people that I mean That's how people get off speeding tickets all you know what's wrong with that why should we get all these speeding tickets unless you're endangering other people's lives Unless you're going really really really fast Don't why is it anybody's business? What if I'm more important is that would you want to pay your police to do? Is it a great hour traps speed traps that what you want? No, me no I'm saying why is he following? He's giving a report like that. I mean when I get a speeding ticket I don't want the cops to show up, you know, no one does yeah You know I go to court so that the cops doesn't show up. Okay. Well slow down. Oh My god Limit limit limit limit limit limit You see they are they concerned about the Panthers. Oh, I'm telling I've been telling you this for years There was no interest that was it was all such a typical front running phony it was like the model in World Series thing exactly the same thing It was a one shot deal and everybody jumped on a band of bikes They had those banners hanging out the windows of their cars They're driving up and down the road. They're doing their hockey routine hockey in the corn all over town Hey, live you pick. Come on. That's here Yeah, we know oh, we don't know we don't this is the phony is God damn mother scratch and town You'll ever find in your life and don't you ever forget it? There is absolutely no interest and that's the most pathetic part is they keep lying about Bury may play and he's gonna go out there and practice for 30 seconds and then take his pinky and run back into the room and do whatever he's doing Do somebody and in the meantime nobody cares anyway If they came on right now if we had a call right now from the from the spokesman and he said he's playing the ice for sure There wouldn't be three extra people come out there and I would there. Oh no Somebody keep lying about for Christ say three that to us That's what we have expertise at here at QAM where the lying experts we invented it 26 after 10 at 560 WQAM ji Gary Taila is back Then now he's packing out flowers and airborne PL and edited by Kternetian Specialty Uh, no bank Called by Eh, okay safeguard is dirty. Andre, Christ now you know it all is excitement I don't know if I saw you six flowers are only five. The scene is how Krishna is most powerful being in the whole universe and he do all my hair. Clean off. You gotta ask yourself one question. So what's that? You're like my own smock with do-yes. Bunk. Plenty's worth. It's just me. Smith and Wesson. And the Dally Lama. It is. Dirty, Harry, Krishna. No, judging as it is for smear juice. 1032 at 560 WCM. I think I got the solution for all our problems. We're going to turn us into a hockey show. We can get a data about a 0.1 share. We can get right in there with the babbling Brooklyn for the end of the year if we really work on it. But I think it's together. Yeah, let's get we're right here and do a couple more hockey shows. How do I ever survive those, you know? Just astonishing. There are six people. I keep saying 1020. There are six of us. Maybe the Kleinburgs and my friend Ron from Philly and me. And that's about it. John don't care anymore. But four or five of us to care and arrest the people. Baaah. Let's go fly fishing instead. Let's go check out some flies. Here's this Jesse Jackson crap by the way, which has me very, very pissed off. Because on one hand, maybe he's got a pretty good point. Because they just had this ride at the game here. Just a couple nights ago right here and down. These farts. But, you know, it's common these things happen. They get a whole bunch of crazy kids together at a high school football game. And they get a little bit all used up and all psychotic. And somebody says some starts talking trash, you know? But the only thing that really disturbs me about this thing and decay to Illinois, these expelled teenagers charged with felonies. Now, it's not so much that they were charged with felonies and they showed the video tape on CBS. 6,000 times last night. So I'm sure some of you saw it. Now when I showed that little clip there on a one hand, it looks really grotesque and like, you know, you still have to have to hand follow white kids or all running for their lives. Like, oh, I'm getting out of here, which I can't blame them. But nevertheless, it looks pretty bad. But then Jesse says, well, it's only 17 seconds. No guns, no knives, no shootings, no standing, no drugs. But no whites. See, I wonder if those kids that were, you know, I wonder if the six kids who were expelled were all white. You think Jesse would be up there? No. Indicator Illinois, make it a big grandstanding again. Oh. He says it's not race. He says it's about fairness, not about race, fairness. That's the issue. That's a lot of the way he says that issue. I just thought the way he'd be talking at the Jesse. He's something else. He's a crack. Just another grandstanding. I don't know, get it. So in other words, these kids were writing and then did jeopardizing the lives of the other people in those stands and creating a goddamn disturbance in a scene. And the school wants to make a stand on it. And then, but then they examine the video replay. And they probably had to refer to the football game coming and look in the video replay thing. Yeah. Oh, yeah. We're going to start looking at brawls like that. Do you have two minutes to take a look at this and then give us your decision. And the referee stepped away took us out from under the little hood, little white hood. And he stepped away from that thing and he says, hey, you Spartus, you're out. I like that. Like a baseball on bar. You're out, which is not usually a football thing, but nevertheless, this is a little bit extraordinary. Jesse Jackson, is this a racial thing? Or what is it, Jesse? If those kids were white kids that were expelled from the same school and the same goddamn city, if they were white would Jesse Jackson be there? No. Absolutely, positively, effing not. Everything is race. Every time somebody does something barbaric and unacceptable and grotesque, it's a racial issue. And he's always right there with his thumb on it. Grandstanding for funding profit. Here's Miramar, hello. Hey, new. Yes, sir. Brother, God. And sorry, I called you before he starts talking about Jesse Jackson. I'm not acting like pal. That's what they show us all about. We'll pick anything these days. The way things are going to last seven or eight days. We'll pick anything. If you want to sit there, we'll be moving like that. I love you. I love your show so much. Everybody loves this show. They just got nothing to say anymore. That's the problem. I went to a lot of Vegas. Man, we're out of business, yes, sir. I went to a lot of Vegas for the first time a couple of weeks ago. Yeah. I got there. And this is a story about meal change my life. Yeah. I got there about one in the morning going. The best thing I could get with the Howard Johnson's right by the airport there. So I went to the room and they had a little basket on the bathroom counter. And I was going through it to see what was in the basket head. I put this soap in the shower. And there was a little thing, a lotion. I put it back in the basket. I got there and said, my God, I just put the lotion in the basket. All right. Excellent. Yeah, I had a great time. Yeah. And that was the highlight of your trip to Vegas? No, I had dinner with the here. Yeah, I actually Vegas is pretty cool, but I don't have nothing to get to gamble. But I don't know how to do it so much. Yeah. So they kind of ride with you. They like you, she walks like you. They want a big jackpot. I had my first dinner in Nashville. Guess where it was. Milan. Milan? Yes, Milan. Loose. Well, the other guy is not much of a first guy. That's a little event on a bad day after a bomb blast. Hey, having never been to Italy. I was. Hey, you were in Milan. I thought you meant, uh, I thought you were in Madrid. Milan, Montau. Yeah. Yeah. I was just thinking, from last year, I did it. But coming out of the hotel and the police is, they get back in. Get back in. Yeah. And that turns out, somebody left the brief came out there. And there was nobody to claim it. The police blew it up. All right. Yeah. Was it the carbonary? Was it the a darker suited police with the real black outfits on? All right. Think. No, I don't really know. We just want bomb police. Okay. Found that. It was a good time. How are you? There's one of our people. Maybe he went to Vegas and he stayed at Howard Johnson. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Eight seven, seven, seven, eight, five, and Neil. Seven, eight, five, sixty, three, four, and he's five on our Florida line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. He doing Neil. Okay. I think that's a lot of people in Jesse Jackson is these kind of people, some power. They will, if they had it that way, they would screw the white man. And they really would. I think that it would make everything preferential treatment for the white man. I think that a lot of black people think it's okay for them to be racist because they're entitled to do it. Because of all the injustices of the pet. That somehow that gives them the right to be racist and hate honkies. You know, which I'm not buying it, then. I think it's a polycrane. What they still understand is everyone and every type of people have had suffered some sort of racism or some sort of beatings or killings and such as the blacks and why they get preferential treatment. I will never understand the Jewish people. They've been hated throughout throughout the being a time. Oh, yeah. Everyone, I mean, Catholics, it's just not black. Why they get a special cause and a special. I think it is because you know what, the white man. I really believe it's scared of the black man. So we'll, we'll, we'll pass the case of death. And we'll give them the white. Like I said, those kids in the bleachers, man. They saw these crazy people start with this crap and they ran like, you know, let me out of here. Please. Well, I just think it's disgusting. These people still get preferential treatment and people like Jesse Jackson. I don't know what they're like. It just turned into a jungle jam right there in the bleachers to me. Yeah, but you know what, though, schvottes, that's another act. Okay. There you go. See, there's another, there's another, and too, with an attitude. Yeah. 560, 550, 560, 550, Chris, you may have a point. 550, 60 on the AT&T line. That's Lord Aline, baby. Is it smoking? That is a door nail. 877, 785, 6345. 21, before 11, Eric, you may have no portion of this broadcast. Maybe reproduce without the express written permission of WQAMB-E-REASE as position Cool. That's a high 500 numbers to choose from. The floor of the lottery offers more ways for you to lose. Hello. I'm Bob Butterworth. And by now you're aware of my moral crusades against the Jewells of Gambling in 6. And that's why I'm proud of the new start of the lottery. Because, hopefully, agonizing over thousands of numbers might help the spirits, those of you who embrace the sin of gambling. And of course, I'll proceed to go towards education. So, scratch your bubbles and don't fix the balls with the babies inside to win. They are new, Florida lottery. There's something fishy going on. Thank you, Ed. What we'll ban for you for Chase real good. SAAA! And what did you do the excess energy to drive mom crazy? SAAA! So, what reckless cereal will you tell mom to buy? Next time she goes shopping. Snuggers, Snuggers! Snuggers! Snuggers, Snuggers! Snuggers! So, super sugarcoded sugarshuckers are little bits of raw cane to drenched in honey and coated with powdered sugar. Cool coast, fruit toast, corn syrup and other natural sweeteners. And then, that's right, Snuggers! Got it, Snuggers! Right. There's no yetty vitamins or minerals that spoil your fun. Yeah! And how does it make you feel? Like, I'm vibrating! I'm a fucking lot of people, guys! I'm a fucking lot of people! You can do this. And mom's a long sugar-jotted stew, costs inside every box. There's a free bottle of new flint stones, durable bathily of. So, fly! You can do two free sugarcoded sugarcoded from your friends at irresponsible food. 1045 and 560 W2M so, read just to all me. So, anyway, 560 and 050 just relax. Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And, of course, the other town I'm looking at at Mobile in Orlando. Hello. Oh, no! Yes, sir. Do you think we're supposed to go into the feroc? What is it? You think we're supposed to go into the feroc? Do you have a sock over the roll? Obviously, you're not. Yeah, we're the internet. Yeah, over the internet. What? Yeah, there you go. Well, maybe they're listening to both. Maybe they have one in the right ear or one in the left ear. Maybe they have an ear to hear me whirmin' enough. I have no idea what it is. Do you think most of the audience is listening to Phil? Let's take a poll on that today, sir. Do they have a hot-to-little anymore? That's not the point. The point is, I'm here to do my show. I wonder, I like them or don't like them. Okay? I show. You have a great book. We're both great, but you have a good time with Phil, okay? In Orlando. He called me from Orlando with a sock over his phone. You know what I mean? Oh, these are this. See, this line, this line, it was supposed to be for the real world. Not just for Florida. Oh, my God. Had 23 years of talking to people in Florida already. And lately, so let's find out. Is everybody listening to Phil? If you're listening to Phil, right now, call us number five, six. What are you laughing about? They can still call me and listen to Phil at the same time. They want to hear those Harvey Weirbent tapes again, you know, in Margaret and those same six to seven, but the Bob Green, you know what's very funny? The first 400 times. And he's a good talent. But I'm sitting here like, uh, trying to make a living. I'm not going to just sit here roll over. Hey, Phil, you know, I already gave a lot of publicity. A lot of promotion. He's already gotten the news paper last Friday. I've been here for two years with these gigantic numbers. Bringing in these people millions and millions of dollars. Do I have a newspaper? Do I have a guy named Bill Boot? Do I have a sandwich board? I'm Lincoln Road, Mom. No. Do we have anything? No. No. We got a general manager just comes in there. I'm telling him the equipment is like, uh, in the toilet again, he's going to go in. He's going to go in the toilet. Yeah, nice going Greg. God, you do that so well, because you got so much practice. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. You know, yes, sir. Hey, did you see 10 news last night? I never watched channels 10 news. It's against my religion. They did an expose on that. I'm going. I'm working there. On date County school administrators. Yeah. The biggest degrees. Yes, sir. Why should they be different from the lawyers? The doctors, the broadcasts, and everybody else in this town is bogus. Why should they be different? No, no. I agree. Was it on drivers? It was on local beef. If I didn't, your mom was driving a bus that didn't put in your kids' lives in jeopardy. Nobody cares about their kids. I don't understand this town. No, no. It's not. It's absolutely incredible. They did a thing on the WD superintendent. And his PhD. Yeah. The guy actually received credit to his PhD for being a licensed real estate agent. Yeah, I'm a close. We see you've got some kind of a license anyway. Yeah, absolutely. Maybe even as the driver's license, that's two out of three. It's bad. You got to in, you know, I mean, we're wondering where our kids are a bunch more on. No, our kids are a bunch more on Scott. It's not because of those people. It's because of public here. Doesn't care about their kids. They couldn't give a flying crap less about education here. Every time they put a school tax proposal on a ballot, it goes down in flames. Every time we come on here, it starts screaming the out about kids who can't get federal lunch in school, about kids go to school in portable toilets, all this other stuff. Nobody cares. Then we want to hear about this. Watched because 90% of the population down here is that people are going to be either a 90% of a hundred and a bunch of babbling trailer park trash. I guess I have no idea who these people are here. I get out there in a highway on 95 or on the turn bike. I look to my left. I look to my right and I say, those people aren't my listeners. I mean, those people would never listen to my show. Those people aren't even they're not the same race. You know, I'm talking about talking about color race. They're not on the same breed. What's the spaceship did they just hop off of? Well, good luck to us. Good luck, pal. Yeah. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line, our poll question today, are you all listening to Phil? And is that why we can't buy any more calls on the show? That's what the guy at Orlando says, who's busy sticking his nose in there. Even though he's listening to this show and calling me with a sock over it. Yeah, put a sock on it, pal. We've got a sock on it, I bet. We'll see you at the sock hop. Here's a pop in, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing, Mr. Raj? Okay, sir. Okay, I'm calling it reference to the home. Come to you with a big amount. To the one? The communist you were making about. Just just an earlier. Yes. And I feel like the man he's real powerful and not just to the black American and the white American he's trying to reach out to touch everybody. Anybody in the community. What was the last time he went to a tour in all white school, where there was a situation like this and try to get a bunch of all white kids off the hook? Sir. Hello. Oh, yeah. I'm still here. I'm actually new request. Okay, okay. I want to, want to let you do research as a check. I'm very important. Want to let you just follow one story. It's pretty story with Jim John. How about when he went over there to Syria and got the goddamn prisoners free? How about that? They were white guys worth a. Okay. Let's hear it for Jesse. Maybe I was my man. Hello. Get out of here. I don't like him. Okay. I mean, some days he's okay. And then we start talking about Heimitana again. You know, I start getting real nervous. And then he's got the hoods but come on here and talk about discrimination against the Fags and the Jews. And he's talking about Heimitana. You know, I have to be a little bit suspect. I have to raise three eyebrows when I hear some shwarps are come on. And start talking about those people of Heimitana. And then pretend he's this great, the libertarian, this great, the humanitarian. Whatever it is. He's an opportunist is what he is. He's an opportunist. He's a media horror is what he is. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, how are you doing today? I'm here sir. I've got your show a little bit later than usual today. Did you talk about this situation with the labor and poor Miami today? Have you heard about that? No, I have not. Well, yesterday the all the truckers blocked the port of Miami because it seems like they're unions now want to make every trucker that goes into the port. It needs to be a union driver. They need to be part of the union. And they're basically, you know, this is a season and those of us in the industry know that. Chris must in all the car for Christmas booth now. And now they're trying to just ride everything to a standstill and they're trying to get more power. The union I want to see what you thought about that or if what any other car is trying to get more power. The unions are they don't want anyone that's a private trucker driving into the port of Miami. No, they understand this is Florida. We don't give a crap about unions here. This is Florida. Tell me, tell me, did better take a look at the map and see what it's shaped like. Okay. They've got the port to stop and it's absolutely crazy yesterday. They had their rest of like five truck drivers because they got to stop and they went ahead and They blocked off the port. They're basically parked their trucks there when they let anyone in or out. Well, good. Don't let those cruise your passengers in there. Then I'm on your side, man. I'm all for you. You have a good one. Good one. The Mickey baby. All right. That guy, then Mickey, Harrison that's fully belonging. When is the hero going to start giving us that a trail to about that? It's that expose days about the airport 20 years to late. What are they going to give us? Exposes and all the money that the air is in that they're good partner in crime. It's sucking out of the county, huh? Sucking it out. When it's out he sucks it out. That's Mickey, Harrison for you. He just plain sucks. You see that story about that carnival cruise ship from September 20th where they had the fire in see that? Oh, that was lovely. Nothing but worry about it. Yeah, they got this recorded announcement. Meantime the person I made the announcement. He's long gone. He'll hold ass. He got on the goddamn rubber wrap. He's gone. Don't panic. There's nothing to worry about. It's just a goddamn fire. That's all. Don't worry. You'll be okay. You're going to die. Yeah. No refunds by the way. Yeah. Do people like all of these cruise ships, man? You need serious need in mental health. What are you thinking about? That's a vacation. Oh, I don't have to go with a bunch of guys smelly people. So you can go out there and get the 100 miles. And just like the one that went out there in that hurricane that time had vanished. I brought a whole article on that in New Yorker. Big article. Yeah, they just went out there and they tried to, you know, run from the hurricane. Did they make it? No. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hey, yeah, how you doing? Okay, sir. First of all, that guy from Orlando sounded like Jack Nicholson, Order and front tries. Yeah. I don't know. Exactly right. I think you're a Rick put him up to it. I tell you. I've got both things. First of all, there's Jesse Jackson even have a real job. No, no. He's just wow. He's like the Bob Coonst of the Black community. He never had a real job. Never worked in on his day in his life. Sir, what? But you're forgetting he's a preacher man. He's a minister. He's a pastor. He had Jerry Falwell on his show on CNN as we get it. We're kissing each other's fan parts. He'd be helping people. Yeah. Anyway, I just know he's a he's a trouble maker. He's a professional rabble rowser. And sticking to the other. If they want to charge those kids with felonies, they must have the evidence to do it. You know what I'm saying? No, no, no, just the America. That's right. All this barbaric crap is going to have to stop now. Whether it's white kids or schfarts or kids or whatever. It is. We're not going to put up with it. Yes, I'm going to. Well, listen, last night I was flipping it. I was going to put it on the F.D.M. And don King was on there. No, boy. Okay. A big spartre man with a bad hairdo. Yeah, no kids. Listen to this. Really feel that guy, you know, but anyway. That's what I was going to say. Yeah. Listen to this statement. Because, well, he's made Bobby like a hundred million dollars more than me. Okay. I've never killed anybody. Yeah. And this is his statement. He says, I was discriminated as soon as I came out of the womb. I was discriminated against the two of the second. I'm not going to go into the bubble room. Yeah, go back to it. Well, I have a good day. Okay, and back to you. That's what they say. Go back to your womb. It's just a fire God damn it. You're not going to drown. Maybe. Yeah. Sure. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. If you're listening to the film, Henry Schoen right now on stupid talk. Call us and tell us about an Alphioreal bad. Well, I feel bad. No, but nevertheless, you know what I'm saying? Are you sure positive? Guy from Orlando, Rabel Rouser, probably works for Chief Channel, No doubt. Here's Pompano, hello. Yes, sir, Mr. Rogers. Good morning, dear. Yes, I am. I'm a little bit upset that Guy on Orlando called about 12 Henry. He kind of ruined my gig. I was going to talk to you about so. But a couple things about the Sunset and all in the mining Herald and the Spanings and the National Hockey League. Again, how did they continually put the southeast and conference on top of the Eastern Division now? And then go by alphabetical order, right? Oh, we've got the planning. That's really nitpicking. If they could just get the information right, that would be good enough for me. That's very good. I was going to be a question of Gaff Mr. Rouser. I was getting raped in four miles yet that they who was on top. But anyway. Okay, Mr. Rouser has a has a has a. Mr. Rouser, Rouser. Well, Michael. That put a record Michael Rouser. Yeah, he should have that. I told him I was going to information and give it to us. And just not only the floor to cancer, the cancer aren't the only team in the National Hockey League. Yeah, only on Sundays they had that one big page because they have an extra room. I was going to give you a crack. I go through the hockey news. Let me ask you this. Why should they give you hockey information in the town where nobody cares about? I do. Here's a front page story. He's in the cell of team and I can't get nobody cares. I do. Look at the high-carrot. Nobody has more people. Nobody cares man. All right. I'll see you in the other thing right of it. Yeah. I thought holding people responsible for the racks. Right. That's the black or white. That's right. That's the black or white. That's the black or white. That's the black or white. And the black or white. If they're cute, they'll do them. Yes. And they're doing with the dolphins and the buffalo bills coming up. You might be able to screw someone up. Brother. You've got it, baby. You've got it. You won't hear that in the goddamn Phil Henry show. Stick that in your and put puff on it. God. Finally, there's a little sign of life here all of a sudden. I got from Orlando. I think, well, he's bashed up a little bit. Well, we've been wondering where to how you all were. You know, we've been wondering where you were last summer, right? Days, maybe taking a long rip and a week old, which I couldn't blame in this town. Because it's so goddamn boring here. Oh, God is it boring or what? Huh? 10 to 57 and 5 60 QM. Headcap with nose the scores. Learning your hands of a last 18 M. We've done only a sports review 5. 68. 8 M. Oh. That's what you keep making hands. We're gonna have a sports body dance. Oh, right. Well, Buffalo has a football team. The greatest in the land. And everybody thinks that's right. I say, really, yeah. The Buffalo feels so good. I'm not sure what I mean. So just sing a little bit. When you say, Miami, when you say Buffalo, Super Bowl. And here's that Buffalo ball. Buffalo ball. That's the greatest even in history of human race. That a Buffalo ball. That's the greatest in the land. And slide, spread, and can't be. Yeah, there you go. And you jazz up that redneck stuff. Delicious at banjo. Holy sweet God, listen to that. When you say Buffalo, Bill, don't sound so redneck, he do it. Everybody sing along now. How you feel, fans? Here we go. Where's the Buffalo builds at the best team? They have the best record of the last five years. And they went to the Super Bowl for a lot of times, which is what I can say for this, it comes to confusion. And they're at the greatest. Like they really like their uniforms. They sure is hell. Be the heck out of having a fish on the helm. Because Dan does Buffalo whole build. Okay. Let's put full team. What I ever seen in the history of my life. They ought to Buffalo build. That Buffalo builds. So I'm going to try to tell you the greatest quote that I can believe. Yeah, everybody. That Buffalo builds. Get a Buffalo build. And they've been around, longer than the stinkin' right in fish. Well, let out Buffalo builds. Buffalo builds. What would you rather have as a pet a Buffalo or a fish? What is a Buffalo build? 11.03 or 5.60 WKM. And wouldn't it be really something if the build by some miracle actually when I came on Sunday? Wow, that would be bad. Wouldn't it be bad? No. That little dog flutty out. What the hell were they playing last Sunday? Actually, it was a kind of interesting game for about five minutes. Who would they play on the Redskins? Wow, what a Redskins blow. There was the owner of the Redskins, by the way, that paid $800 million for the franchise. He did about 10 years old, but he made a lot of money in the corner or something. And 800 million, he paid for the TV. He's up there watching his team just get decimated and Fully's running around. And he's spaking guys that he's seen jackstrap playing all over the guy in field. Because Doug Fully is like he's basically an elusive and a magical. How many people would like to have Doug Fully is the quarterback on a dolphins as opposed to Damon Howard? Not as opposed to Danny Boy. You've been ripping them off, okay? This because he's got those funny-looking lips. Unbelievable bastards. God, I just can't get over that. I can't believe it. This man has broken every guy named record, except some old 78. That's right. Every record you could imagine. His play has been magical. Does he ever really had a running game to play with? No. He ever had any real major big name running back? No. No. He ever had a guy named Barry Sandoff, Ray Thurman Tom and... No. Nobody like that. Nobody of that caliber. That performance. And you know something, these people are forgetting. He got injured on that third downplay in a cold-skim. He got bushwack, baby. He got slaughtered. That's where he got that guy named Pigsner of the next. He almost got killed. He still gets up. Get the fourth downplay off and throws the touchdown win the game. How many people would like to have seen him drag off the field after third. Let's put Damon in there now on fourth down. And let him throw the touchdown pass to win again. Anybody want to see that? No. I don't think so. Or maybe he'll run it in. Or maybe he'll just drop back and get sacked again. For the 600 times. You know what I see? You just, you know, you see what you want to see? You see what you want to see? See this? Here's the West Palm Beach, hello. Neil, how are you today? Okay, sir. Hey, you know about the school. I'll tell you something. You'd be very happy to not have children and Georgia backing up on this. Dealing with anyone in the public school system. It's like going to public and getting the guy that watches over the produce on Sunday evenings. Yeah. They have to rebag his some grapes. Yeah. Not going to happen. No. It's said, you know, second point of horse the bills will rule the dolphins because they own the dolphins in the last 10 years. Well, I don't know about that. They're all the pretty weak. They're older. No old team, you know. Yeah, the dog is 80, 2 on that team. But the dolphins have no heart. There's to different one question for you. Let me know how hard they got to horses you up there. Is your pussy got a shot? Is that a shot, baby? Yeah, absolutely. Really, really, really. They got your ass. They got a shot. Yeah. One question for you. Were you personally told about shots because you hired the y'all gangsters with a team. And you know, she goes about gun shots. One question for you is not to ponder. Were you still in the western York area when the dome arena was open at Monter County Pagroom? No. No. Okay. The dome arena. The dome arena. Where? The Monter County Pagroom. I never heard of it. I don't remember the room for what? It was a arena where they had concerts later on. The move a lot of people. I think is the right team play there? I don't know if they played there now. There's more hide. Did they play their games there? No, but Leo I. Panic, they go elementary. I think plays their games in there. You know what? That's the home of the world's biggest douchebag, Jim Longnick. What would it say? It's good friend and douchebag from Leo and New York. Yeah, well, New York. I think we're going to say cannon, dig was. We don't do strikes in cannon, dig was. Just a lot of farmers. And also, fellow men out there, the buffet is now open. Okay, thanks. Take care. The buffet is open folks. Oh, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line, eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, Neil, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, four, five on our floor to line. If you're listening to Phil Henry right now, call us immediately and give us a report. Here's plantation, hello. I know. Yes, sir. How's it going? Okay. This one's a little story that would call for me about Jack. Jack, Jack, Jesse Jackson. Yes, sir. I knew one of the guys that was one of the hostages that was taken over in Quate about 10 years ago. And he was telling me that when they were flying out of Quate with Jesse, I think they will go into London. He was very specific telling all the hostages that the first person coming off the plane is going to be me. Right. And I'm going to be holding this child. And if you remember. I mean, talk about a photo opportunity. You're bringing back the hot did you, you're the first one off the plane with a little starving kid in your arms. How do you know what could be better than that? Yeah, well, that was the prime point of his trip going back. He wanted to be the first one off the plane holding the kid. Right. You get all the publicity for getting about people. You know, they were. He's a bad disminister. He wouldn't be a publicity on what he'd been about his minutes. Oh, yeah, I guess he would. Just like Jerry Falball. Well, that's just another side of it. And regarding your question about Phil, I've tried to listen to him at night and it's just boring. Yeah. It's the same old stuff over and over. Well, I mean, you know, I loved Phil, but it's just a point is that I've tried two or three times and Harvey Weirman and and what's your name, Margaret Gray and the Bob Green Voice with another name to it. And you know, well, what Phil does is it's very entertaining. It's certain times, but when you only do like when you can only do seven or eight voices. And it's the same one's all the time. Once you're on to the act, I'm sure that he's going to be gigantic in a market where they never heard him do it before. Right. And he really heard it for years already. You know, it's kind of hard to keep it up so to spend. One last thing. And I was maybe he'll kick ass. I have the wideie. I wish him all the luck in the world. Just not from a tendin' known. One last thing, you know, I try to listen to Hank and the afternoon because it's very stupid. Yeah. It's really convenient when you sign off a two o'clock. He comes on. Right. You know, I think sometimes he's entertaining when he's talking about football or baseball, but you know, last week he started with this breedess clock going into gambling. Well, he admitted that yesterday. He realizes because I've been because I like Hank and I like it. He's show when he's talking when he's doing his thing. But when he starts getting sidetracked by these compulsive gamblers, it's like it's like it's like listening in on a GA meeting. You know, here's all these compulsive gambling. When I like to gamble too, but I'm just not going to talk about it in here. It's not interesting. It's boring. James, let's request. Yes, sir. A couple months ago, I heard the bit that you played. I think it was Richard Simmons in a sleepboy camp or something like that. Richard Simmons has a counselor in a sleepboy camp. Okay. I'll look for him. Okay. Okay. Richard, come out, Richard. 567. Come out. Come out. Wherever you are, Richard, he won't come out. Now go back in. Like I said, Richard, we got nothing to embarrassments already. Please go back in. I'm praying. 567. 560. 560. On the AT&T line, it's 10 past 11 here at QAM. Wake up. Look the first team. Joe Rogan. Jeff DeFars. The Cgo team. We did morning to six. We were on court radio 566-8. That's the question we have built. Buffalo. Go. Oh. Having trouble falling asleep? Yeah, every night, at your accounting sheep. But the same. Well now, you can relax with a new limited time offer that sticks in a different way. It's the best of outdoor. Oh, God. I want to be asleep. Not cold. Let go. Shut up. And listen to this. And we have this today. because I created the internet. Wow, I feel like Dr. Howdy already. That's right. After just a few minutes of listening to Democratic presidential hopeful Al Gore, you'll forget what's bothering you and start thinking about who's bothering you. I love the environment. Because environmentally speaking, without an environment, the world would be a terrible environment in which to raise our children. I can't keep my eyes open. Yes, you'll drift off to the land of Lincoln Blanket and Nod as you subject yourself to the most uncharismatic public figure in the history of American politics. I have made an illegal phone call or two in my office, but at least I didn't have the listed sex in there. It's true. Nothing but being a movie to be unconscious. More than the vice president. I've learned it all. My wife, John, is up for you another sleepless night. Get the best of Al Gore today. And tonight you'll be sleeping like this. You're the best of Al Gore. I'm sitting in Cassandra just on 1,800. It's 116 at 5.60 W to QAM. Here's a facts from Grace who says it's an abomination that rate Whitney is not listed on the NHL all start bound for the Panthers. Who picks this? A bunch of retards, Grace. She says I can understand Palvel and Robert the Spail of a Victor Coslov. Good points, we'd art. Victor Coslov couldn't stick it in an empty net in the book either. Let's write his name in the gift they all start balancer on 30 night for the Buffalo game set. And by the way, speaking of Buffalo and a Buffalo game, Fatboy comes up here again this morning. Fatboy. You know, Jeff Heye. Waddles in here this morning with copy for this day. This is the fourth try, Fatboy. As you got in one account on his show yet. No. Keeps bringing the copy for a fan of accounts that don't exist. Don't pay any money. Don't be so stupid. Yeah, I don't know what those going on. I'd go out and get Fatboy. Keep sucking up those avails. They're paying me anyway. I don't care. Well, that's a great story. I could tell you that. But I won't. Here's a facts from our friend, Alan and the keys who says they can't even get their live straight meaning the Panther organization. Yesterday on the worst team, Brian's brother said the doctor's an Edmonton said it would be a tremendous risk for a very deployed is fractured pinky. The Edmonton game was Wednesday night. This means they obviously knew immediately after the game about the pinky. If that were the case, why Friday two days later with the Vancouver papers filled with articles about various return at night and how this is going to be the biggest connox game since the 94 series with the Rangers. It wasn't until Friday afternoon after the rarely filled GM plays whistle about that they announced an X-ray had just revealed the broken finger and that Bury would not play by the way folks know refunds. I always told that I want to mention it told me that they're lucky they didn't have riots during Vancouver. There were a lot of very hostile angry people. Does it make sense that the Panthers are right till two days that they would wait two days to get around X-ray and a badly broken finger on their superstar? Oh, and the worst team just let it slide by, of course, I don't know. And guilty he's busy ripping a jigs and McDonald's. For all jigs, baby, underline the old part. Yeah, and Alan says, pop out a little tonight and I'll be in cold meaning him. Yeah, this is about as equal chance I'd say. I'll thank you so much. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We have about 20% of our audience left to rest of our all listening not to fill. Not to that smigma 103.5, but at this film music. They're all listening to those two live Jews on the fan. There you go. You know, I got the actual whole rating book I listed home. I should have brought it in again. Not only I mean, they're not even listed. That's how they didn't, they don't exist. They don't exist. This was a front page story by the Anxious Barry Jack has the same on a word about Wayne high-pingers on the Panthers today, by the way. So you have to kind of wonder. Front page story about laugh and the first day, 45,000 part ass sucking series by Barry Jack ass about this great competition that we got down to that 1900 on the dial. They didn't show it. There was a one diaries. There wasn't anybody. Nobody was listening to them. So their amateur was sit down comedy. Maybe that's why all the sales people over there are walking out. Am I nobody can get paid to think that might have something to do with it? Oh, I see they have no audience. But they're all listening to those great, very entertaining two live Jews. But day that's why our sales department probably thought wreck is the one who likes those guys. You sure don't like this show. Here's my name is Spring. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. About Jesse Jackson. Everybody's forgetting is 30 years ago. He pulled the same shenanigans. He's constantly trying to get his mug in the camera. When Martin Luther King was shot, he wasn't even present when he got shot. He was in Memphis. And then he shows up on the balcony. He was up there on the balcony. He was. They show him on the balcony. He wasn't standing next to him. And he shows up all of a sudden. And then they can't were given interviews with the blood all of. He wasn't Martin Luther got King got shot when he came out of the totorum. He wasn't in the hotel room. Right. With Jesse Jackson or if Jesse Jackson and then who. They were off there. Jesse be there. I've seen it the major time. No, no. After the fact. But he's not there after the fact. He must have made it over there pretty quickly. They were they were all staying in the same hotel on the rain motel. Right. But he shows up. The word goes out. Martin Luther King's not staying in the room. I used to live in Memphis. And yeah, but wouldn't you think that if. If you were part of an entourage in the main man got shot that you'd be a right. Yeah, right. You run right over there. But wasn't standing there. He shows up in the interview like he was standing right. And they trust they if you were standing there. They were shot both of them. Yeah. So. I got this small potatoes back then. That's all I got. Okay. Thanks. Anybody know what he's trying to say? No. I haven't you seen that footage a million times there where they keep recreating it in James. How James are already doing? By the way, anybody spoken in like this? No. I don't think I do. That's our poor question today. Who shot cock robin? Oh, yeah. But you know, Jesus was nailed up there on the cross. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. My name is cock robin too. We're just playing robin isn't Batman and. Maybe we ought to do a D&A test on Jesse. Find out if he's really human or not. Because he's got your house. Oh, he's got your house. Oh, he's got your house. He's got a house. Who's going to be there when he's going to be here? Yeah. I'm going to be like this. Mom, kind of like sagged off. Like a d&a Bad stroke or something like that. Maybe he's been stroking it? Here's a mobile in there. Mom, be you. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I'm doing a talk call. I love your show. All right. Transplant to your state back for one two. Let me tell you, I have a lot of connections in the ghetto. Yeah, let me tell you this. I grew up in the south Bronx. I'm a f**k. Eight kids, right? Yeah. Celebrity of, have master's degrees of doctors. Right. I'm the only one with a BS, but I owe my own business. And that's my specialty, seriously. That's my specialty, BS. Yeah. And you know what? I think, well, they showed a new as the positive things. The thing that's around me, the Martinez-Gate is a doctor in New York City. The single thing kid has a peer-to-peer. The positive things about what? About kids growing in a city that they still can make it. Yeah. All they showed about is the failures. What about if they showed these kids some of the positive things? Somebody kids that came from the family. Yeah. Some of the kind of standing people that came from the ghetto who made a lot of money like, Oh, Jay. Oh, yeah. There's a good example. Yeah. But that's a, they trash. Yeah. I'm talking about the typical decent old homeowner worker. Right. Yeah. And they don't show that. And I think that's a shame. Everything's a negative, the negative. Well, you can be whatever you want to be. I know it sounds very corny, but I mean, if you want to be a scumbag, it's real easy. It's a cop-out. But if you want to be a, like, you know, you can be whatever it has you want to be. And I think it's a, and we're going to be around. Yeah. If you can pick a few more cars, this country is still open even for the kids in the street. There you go. Thanks a lot, pal. I'll see you in the Bronx. Five, six, seven. I'll see you in the scooter in the Bronx. What would we be there? Oh, no. I'm sorry, but nevertheless, those Yankees man, to them. Boy. Five, sorry. I'm not sure if I's your custodles, not here there. I can say that. He'd be very upset and he's certainly certainly an auto racing sound. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18T wireless line. Our pull question today. What's you like better auto racing, fast fishing, or horse racing? Do you like any of those? No. Got my, I'll best my fishing. Oh, my fly fishing calendar. I'm a squeeze in this tight. I'm not letting this go. Three hundred sixty five days of fly fishing by Tom Rosenbauer. Sounds Jewish to me. What's a Jewish guy doing fly fishing anyway? That's for Graham. It's not for Jews. Jews don't go fly fishing. Do they? That's for old, crusty Graham from New England. Go fly fishing. You know, there's old crusty New Englanders. That all talk like, you know, like I won't go any, what's the commercial either? Grandpa, they would eliminate. Grandpa's only twenty-nine. He's been triggered a much at a goddamn limited. You don't look too good. Yeah, that's true. That country time. That country time sure is good. Grandpa's only eighteen, but five six seven, five, so I'm under some crazy stuff swimming around in that stuff. Five six seven, five sixty, pound five sixty. I must be in a really good mood today because it's paid a day. Oh, really nice. You'll up here, baby. I show up in Robert's all excited to see got his check. In change. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Going once. Twenty-eight minutes and eleven seconds and they crap out. After waiting almost a half an hour, how do you like that? I'm on a wrong line. That's okay. Here's a mobile in the somewhere. What would line in Miami? Miami, yes sir. Hey, man. I lost. I need a road map, yes sir. Yeah, hey, related, buddy. Thank you. Listen, did you hear the headlines on the affirmative action disappearing? Did I hear the headlines on the affirmative action? Yeah, just a Bush government of action. Yeah, Bush didn't give it a affirmative action. Well, he had the whistle now. He's a pan-dering now. Don't you understand he's pan-dering. Try to cover for the fact that he's going to destroy public education as we know it. Well, affirmative action is a way to say, by affirmative action, blows. We all need a brand of reason on that. But there's a difference between being against affirmative action and being in favor of destroying all of your war schools that need to help the most. There's a big thing. I agree. I agree with you. This government is in a leadist knob, just like his brother, born with a silver spoon in his mouth, who never worked an honest day in his life under Lionel Yonna's part. Well, at least the county will be able to give the white man a chance back instead of seven to one, uh, partuses and sticks and everyone who can't do what? The flipers and get down on contract job. Yeah. Get a county contract. I know, uh, not unless you know the mayor of Manhattan, you're driven. Oh, come on. Yeah, you better get to know Mayor Pingo then you'll. Oh, by the way, what were they saying on the news about the, uh, Egypt. I mean, this is going to go on for years now, just like the TWA jet that crashed about those two pingers on the floor, the ocean. I would think that our Cuban friends out there would be like really up and arms about here in two pingers. On the ocean floor, what tell us that all about? Sounds pornographic to me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got 60 or 70 open lines now. All of you people are listening to the two live Jews on the 1700. Please call us right away. Give us a report. Those guys do it. Come on. I hear they're very entertaining. That's what Todd Reck is running around saying on the second floor along with Square and our sales manager, who said, yeah. It's 11.26 a QAM. This is 5.60. QAM. Only one South Florida radio station has a hatch. A super weird. A story. We'd definitely want to do sports radio 5.60. QAM. Here are Rogers, Scott. Take it. What we'll be doing for you, but chase real good. Sigh. What do you do, the ex and energy to drive mom crazy? Sigh. What's this, cereal? Will you tell mom to buy? Next time she goes shopping. Sigh, Sigh. Sigh. Sigh. Sigh. Sigh. Super sugarcoded sugar shockers are a little bit of raw cane to drenched in honey and coated with powdered sugar. glucose, glucose, glucose, corn syrup and other natural sweeteners. And then start right down our college doctor. Right, because there's no way that you might have been to remain rules of spoiled your fun. And how does it make you feel? Like I'm vibrating. I'm a hot fracal. I'm a little gay. I'm a hot fracal. I'm a little gay. And mom's a long sugar shocker soon. Because inside everybody there's a free bottle of new flint stones, jewelable valley of So fly in, super sugarcoded sugarcoded sugar from your friend at irresponsible food. Okay, so that's that's it. Starts right there, Robert says to me, do me already play that. He's got his look on his face and I say, ah, maybe we did. Seagregary was in here on pappa pappa pappa pappa. Like I'm trying to do a radio show, I see. And so I had a punch because the other bit was any whatever in hell. I played that a lot of things from broke a brand. And so I punched whatever was over here. And I have the idea what that was. So we played it twice. Oh twice the sugar shockers for the price of one. Okay. I apologize profusely. It's Greg Reid's ball. Okay. So he can't talk to me before the show. He can't talk to me after the show. He always barges in it when that same look. I was like, hey, how's it going? What a big smile on his face like he's oblivious. You know, and believe me, he is oblivious. I agree. We just had a bomb scare in here. We had a forest fire. There's the equipment don't work. And we're off the air. Hey, did you hear about the? That's Greg. Mr. oblivious. Just calm. Yeah. Here's North Miami. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, put me down for auto race fan on your survey this morning. Auto racing is opposed to basketball. I'm not a gambler. I'm not going to the track. And watch the world. We got a number of cameras called. I think I didn't get those. I didn't get a great job. He finally admitted that that's show. Yeah. So terrible with those people calling up. I'd love, let's do the headwood. Where are these people? I don't want you to talk about the odds. And they cover it and tell me about the the butte I want waterloo game. I mean, what is that? I mean, I'm going to go over to that Jim Barry. I mean, how can I call my gun? Did you hear that? Hank this guy's listening to Jim Barry. He's the one. Oh my God. And he said, mitting it. That's the only. Because I can't stand it. I'll be a gambling talk. You degenerate. No, see, I listen to Hank going on every day and I enjoy it. But as soon as that gambling crap starts, I push the CD right in that thing and I never come back. That's it till I get home. Well, I know everybody on your station. I mean, Joe's the only one. Coach, I listen to him every more. We live in Saturday, six o'clock. I'm always an early riser. You can't do it pretty good. He's a drag racer like me. You know, and that's the best thing I've ever seen. He came in and drag yesterday morning. That's kind of a billion. I was kind of a billion for him. I wanted to touch out with. I don't look like to jet these jacks to deal. I hope that school board, decayed or Illinois's. They better stick by their guns because you know something. I've been living in North Miami from all my life. Okay. I'm a 42 years old. I want to know what's going on in junior high school. I have kids in school now. Unfortunately, I have to send my kids to campus schools with the kills me because I can't stand those balls. But I can't stand them. I don't have a point. I understand. I mean, you know, if I had kids, I'd be very, I would be terrified of saying the public. I spent over $800 a month. What I could do with it. $800 a month is, you know, I just killed me to spend that kind of money. Right. And they had to do something because it started 30 years ago. When I was a kid, you know, I've been nobody here cares for you. They don't need a horse to water, but you can't make them carry you. I'm saying you can't make them look. All right. That would go. And back to you. Five six, seven, five by the way, Greg, this overhead is kind of screwed up. I just, what comes and goes, it's up and it's down. I don't want to say our equipment sucks in here by the way. To our engineering department who aren't responsible for it, because they can't come up with a box to replace it with something that really works and Greg's walking around looking like, Yeah. Go on this, go on that work. Gonna get a ride this phone. Yeah. Take the phone and, uh, yeah, stick it right at Mondo and shine, Greg. Okay. You quit walking in here with a big smile on your posts. You asking me how things are going while there's got them flames all the way up to the ceiling. Of course, most of the more on that picture of the sales department. I'm going to set the fire. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. If you're listening right now to smegmal 103.5 and at Hot Discone Music, Please call us. Metal explained to us what happened these last seven or eight days. They were getting really insecure here at QAM. Maybe it's those bad, bad, long commercial breaks. That we got an estate that are chasing everybody away. That's the fact that they're green, green, the green corporation is chasing the audience away and drones. Of course, I'm here to buy other people's commercial breaks to make ours look like pikers as well. I'm here. Could be a rumor. Here's a pay phone and Lake Worth. Hello. Hey, Neil's John, Lake Worth. How are you doing, John? Pretty good. Are you doing great. First off, I got to let you know. I know yesterday was the day from hell. Oh, but I got to let you know. The last two or three hours in your show was one of the best shows. I was laughing so hard. You got to be kidding me. They almost took me out of here on a stretcher. But you were doing the feedback from that telephone throughout the car. Yeah. Shills and whatnot. I was just hysterical. What can you do, you know? We've got to come with what you got. That's all we had. Hey, are you a rag paper appeared to not report anything on the sale of the pants this morning? Well, right on the front page, Barry Jackass again who continues which of course makes you really wonder if it's true. But nevertheless, hi. You know what? Tell them, let him sell it. Oh, I agree. I'm a fan of it. I'm the effect when I go in your read and not. I'm going to be dancing in the halls. I'm going to do a Kazaki in there. But yeah, I'm going to be tiptoeing through the tulips. And you read. I'm so glad. Just to say goodbye to his ugly ear. And I'll tell you what. Bye, Wayne. Bye, baldie. As soon as the, uh, if it does go through if there is any validity to it, I managements going to go. I'm Murray. He's going to be out of there because quite frankly, I was, I was torn to be shocked that they even resigned him. Yeah. For this year, I was like, what are you kidding me? After the last two years, you're going to resign him again. Well, he, I don't think he's signed a new deal. I think this is his last year. I think he's signed a, um, uh, one year extension. I believe. No, no, no, no, no. I think this was his last year. Well, but you got to understand. They can cannon at any time. I mean, coaches and GMs come and go like underwear, you know. Yeah. Listen, uh, thanks to you. I am now, uh, a, a, BSS owner. Hey, and by the way, I'm glad you reminded me about that. The grass saw to get on the news last night. Right. I could prove that I wasn't dreaming of reading that fact yesterday. The good news is we can say that by the cable, just in the matter of days, if that thing is true. Uh, a few days, they're going to have our local channels on the DSS on your, the small dish. And you could tell your cable company to, right. That's to open up competitions. Why they're doing that. I love it. Yeah. It's a great thing because they're going to write mine would want cable, where the picture or some days, it's great. Some days, it's marginal. And the selection is whatever the hell you want to give you. When you can have the small dish, you got every sporting event out of the sun. You got, you have your local channels on there. You get all the news channels. You get 8 million music channels. I know. Everything out of the sun is on there. And the picture is, you could reach in there and tickle their fancy. Hey, listen, one more thing. For I go, you know, are you aware that Senator McCain, okay? He tried to pass that campaign finance reform. Right. All right. If there's one thing that everybody in America should be talking about is what that man tried to do. Okay? Because if you think about it, all of the things that you sit and you harp on that are true to your heart. Okay? Like the backgo and, and, and, and, and, just anything, all the hills of America That these politics exactly, all of that. Okay? If you had campaign finance reform, you took away the soft money, you took away all of the donations. Yeah. Politicians are allowed to have. You put everybody on the... Well, what are you saying? The John McCain deserves credit for that. No, no, no, no, no. When a whole phone he's taken those credit for not getting there in Arizona. Get me wrong. I'm not saying he deserves credit for that. I'm saying the issue of campaign finance reform. What does that ever get happen? I really, really, let me finish. My point is, what's that question? If this country had campaign finance reform. Yeah. Okay? If these politicians, I'd like to take soft money. Or at least they're not. Yeah. You would no longer have them catering in town, how into the NRA. You would have prescription drugs that weren't through the roof. You wouldn't have these doctors charging you've zorbing a price. So you wouldn't have this BS with the cable in the satellite. Yeah. All of these things, these politicians know what? All of these things. Or at least they're not. They would no longer have an interest in that. Right. Okay. Come down, John. You go on the game? Yeah, I'll be there. I don't do that. Call a pancake, he'll tell you. I love you. Okay. I think I'm going to cover what do you think? They're going to come in the middle of the city. Oh, man. A girl's team. They're going to come on. Pablo of my play. You think Pablo's going to play? Oh, no chance. By the way, he ain't playing. I hope they don't get pissed off over me there and take away my path. Jersey, whatever it has to give me. I mean, it's been very nice to me. But I'm not going to city in life. The organization. Okay. I'd like to get as many people out there as possible. I work seamlessly endlessly for people to come out and learn the great sport of hockey. It's wonderful. You'll have Ray Whitney out there and Mark Parrish and a few other guys that can really play the game. And Atlanta's got a little on their team and they got a little of what's his name and yeah. You know, something I'm one of the biggest hockey fans in the world. And if I were pressed right now to tell you, does the roads is the goalie, right? Samutant. They're like Robert knows. Yeah, whatever you say is they just stayed up purple right now. That's Team Enreux. Dusty road. Damien Road's former Maple Leaf former Ottawa Senator. Dusty roads in goal. They got, I don't know. They are Gordon Garp. The world according to Garp. And they got the moon man. They got from Edmonton. What tells his name? Kelly Buckberger. Well, you say bookworker, I say Buckberger. I say Buckham. They got people that nobody ever heard of before. Okay, that's your land of trash. So we ought to beat the crap out into you. One of those programming phonys. We ought to scrub about 10 goals that I even want to pop off. And it's a crappy little thing that's crooked. And he can't play tonight. This thing is crooked. Okay, it's taken off to the side. And it's finger two. 20, so no, to Q, I am. This is 560, QAM. Jim Mandix talks for a ride right here. A sports radio 560, QAM. Oh, God, Neil. He's got a car and please, there's no, he's over. So we're in a lot of cocaine. He said that it's not. He said that it's not. He said that it's not. He said that it's not. He said that it's not. He said that it's not. He said, that it's not. He said he, is. He said, he's. He said, he's. He said, he's. George, I'm with you. That he's trying. Go to. One of those, one of those. What the fuck is that? He says, in a 10- to 10- to 10- to 10- to 10- to 10- to 10- to 10. and say, here's to his killer as a state and he was never played with cocaine. Georgie's out when he did not let you try. Okay. It's 145-562WQM. We got Hank in the studio today and then we got to the booster. Big bad booster six to seven. We got the pregame at seven again tonight 735. And back in the Atlanta thrashers and the Florida Panthers Ed Kaplan. We'll give you the odds in the game when it's over after the game. Two faces from Scott Marcus in Boston. Scott's one of our regular factions and listeners up there on the internet. And Scott's on the Atkins. Okay. Scott is on the Atkins and wants me to tell him a song and then it's about what he should order from Delightson Boca. Call him up. Okay. Here you go. Scott. Could it be? Why am I going to tell him? What do I know about his likes? Call up and talk to Alan Hill talk you. One eight seven seven low carb. Hello WCA RB. Call him up. Tool free and to the fat and the chew on this. Scott. Thank you. One eight seven seven low carb. Hello WCA RB. All right. Number is five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. We got that Florida line waiting on yet eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five. We're talking about why just ejection hates Jews. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Any on the ory. First of all on the poll question. And why black people hate them. Marine O'yester. I vote for bass fishing. Yeah. I. Why do you sound like gets your speed. Yeah. Well, listen. I'll write up your alley. Well, listen, you know what it gives the Broward Sheriff's office something to do up there because you know if there's one thing they do they don't stop crying they kick everybody out. If you shouldn't have any link and he like you go to the sheriff will show up you rob a, you know, these steel car there's a guy fishing they'll go after the fisherman first. Yeah. If you extend your poll, they generally show up pretty quick and Broward. Hey, I got a I got a 10 he's bag is guys with their poll stock out. But anyway, I got a question for you sir. How come they have a religion at the dolphin games? Oh, I've been talking about that earlier. It's your your flap in your wings pal though. Nobody there are a bunch of sheep. But you know, I your button there are a bunch of sheep. I refuse to stand for the invocation when I used to go to the games. I just paid my own way for five years in a row while I was a seasoned ticket owner and maybe three or four of the rest of us did the same. And the rest of the people they do it because they're told to do it. It's crap. It's totally inappropriate. It's they don't have that. They don't have that in other games do they only in the national football. These sir because the NFL does everything it's own God damn way. And nobody else on this station. By the way, it's got the balls to get on here and say let's cut that crap out of there. It's totally inappropriate. People of all denominations are coming here. We don't have to have some getky out there in the field. Given some Jesus prayer or some mumbo jumbo when we paid big bucks to go see a football game. Well, you know, I say it's time to get God out of the guy, the NFL. That's right. Let him go into the guy, the M schools and save those kids. Everybody scream and while since they took the Lord out of the school, well let him go back in the school and let's get him out of the NFL stadiums. I got them. I couldn't agree with you more. God bless you. Thank you. He likes bass fishing. I understand what we're saying. Huh? He admitted it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. If you're listening right now to a power 96, please call her. We'll get you some help. You think we got anybody listens to power 96 who listen to this show? Oh, no. Love bowl Griffin. She's my buddy. She's the best. She is a sweetheart and she's loaded two by the way. What? Never less. And who else do we like over there? Kid Curry. He gave me those back street boys. Take it. You're okay. Our boat kid even on a squid didn't have that big fat ass and those gigantic bazomas. He's all right. He's a good guy. He means well, he's a little surly some days, but then again, he works. So he's a manager. He's one of our 85 managers we got here at Beesley Reed. Here's homestead, hello. Hey, what's up? I did this text from BF. I got a couple jokes for you. Okay, great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Hang in the yellow morning. Yes, sir. Not too bad at calls today for a for Wednesday. Not bad. We're making a, you know, since the guy called from Orlando who suggested that my entire audience is listening to Phil Henry tapes over there on, whatever that is, all of a sudden these people woke up again. I actually, he must be getting nervous that I'm going to get that a lot of here in a couple of ways, which I want to get about. Actually, I was going to mention that to you, but let me just say on your informal poll, so to speak, on the three things that you mentioned, my vote is none of the above. None of these people driving around around on a track, no fast fishing, no golf. Yeah. None of those terminal terminal terminal terminal. So there you go. Yeah. As far as 1700 goes, I've never heard that station until you mentioned it. So I've been told everybody, man, I like to give everybody a shot. Yeah, well, let me tell you something. I turned over there and they're actually interviewing a wrestler like his real, like a Phil sport. All about his upcoming matches and what he's going to do, they're interviewing wrestlers that bad enough that they're interviewing the Des Moines, Wahoo, or whatever, but they're doing a wrestling. Yeah. Right. The last thing in that amount of material is Phil. I've always admired Phil. I think you've great for what you said. One of the folks. But what you said the exact thing and I know you're trying to be diplomatic about it, because you use a friend, I think, and he's talented. He's a good friend and he is a good talent, but I mean, let me say this to you. I could listen to Phil at night from the 10 to whenever I go to bed. You know, I listened to one night he was doing Margaret again. Yeah. I listened for about five minutes and I thought, well, you know, if people never heard this before, I'm sure it's very amusing the first, you know, 400 times. But I've heard all about before. I've heard Margaret tells he's coming out of my ears. And, you know, he's picked a very difficult thing to sustain. You know, he's got a great act. It's very unique. But to be able to sustain that and to make those seven or eight voices, sustain it over a long period of time, it doesn't work for me. And you know what, you're absolutely right. And then I think, you know, in this generation of kind of MTV quick cuts, I don't know how people can sit through a 12 minute bit, a 15 minute bit of the same person talking. And I wonder where they do get the people that keep calling, that don't understand that's a put on. Yeah. How many people? How many people are you answer that? But that's what, I mean, that's the secret to success is that there's so many stuff. I mean, fuel success is based on stupid people. You know, on people that just don't get it. And that even if he comes on an announces that it's a fake and he's doing phony voices, that there are still going to be an, and of course, now that he's on all these other stations that he's syndicated, he can't miss it. And as far as that answered, he's never going to be sitting there begging for dumb people to call in and get outwraids to what these phony characters are saying. So that's where it's asset form. Exactly. And by the way, he does have a couple of new sticks. He probably has a new microphone. You know, you could always kind of tell it's a fill thing if you have any brains at all. Yeah. But now he's actually got some kind of little, little microphone situation there where he's got some new things going. Right. But it's a good thing. It's a shredder kind of thing. It is. And he's got some new ones I've never heard. It's past Margaret and past the other ones that he is. And they're pretty good. But by and large, I mean, really after 12 or 50 minutes of fooling somebody move on to the next jerk and don't drag it out forever and ever. You know, anyway, what's that for you? I'm glad you're in a good mood. Okay. Thanks. All right. Thank you. I'm going to good use. Well, you know, if I get more than two calls and four hours, I'm generally I'm the army arm easy. Doesn't take a lot to please me. But you know, like I've told it before and I know you're tired of hearing it. And I'm tired of saying it 23 years. It didn't make any difference. It's got nothing to do with who else is on here. It's just a buy product of this town. I mean, I can't make people care about things that they don't care about. They care about band-scission hockey. Oh, what's that? And I realize that in America, it's a very, you know, 1.7 on Fox band-scission gets a 2.5 rating and hockey gets a 1.7. That's not a commentary on the sport. It's a commentary on the people here. Band-scission. Red next. I'm not talking about people who like to go on and joy fishing. I'm talking about people who would watch it. Oh, God. Look at the size of that one. Yeah, I've said that a couple of times. I generally run. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Anyhow, how's it going today? Okay, sir. Hey, I just got a good, I met Don Schuel last week and he was a very, very nice guy. He got the sign on my autograph and after he signed it, I kind of told him. I said, we really got a shot. Yeah. That's the be so. He just cracked up last. Thanks, honey. Yeah, he laughed. Yeah, he was laughing. You do realize that he and Jimmy hate each other like poison. You do understand that. I have to laugh when people call out pancakes. Well, as Shulay, it all involved. How much is he involved in the day-to-day operation? Does he go over there and hang out? I mean, none. Absolutely zero. I mean, he was moved out and Jimmy said him up for the big fall and opened up a big mouth. You know, and a hate each other like poison. I'm sure that in some part of his mind, if not at the front of the mind, that Shul is a root against his offense, feverously. And hoping he lose every guy damn game. Just to show up Jimmy and show what a phony he is. I don't Jimmy, Jimmy, the jerk. I don't know. Don't you know the greatest. Hey, can I get a couple of where you flush back in for Jimmy? Okay. He wants not one. He wants a couple of money like that. Well, that's my buddy. I think he's obsessed with that because he's- Were you fudge back in? Were you fudge back in? By six, seven, five, seven, one more time. Were you fudge back in? By six, seven, five, six, six, six, the pound, five, six, the only 18 and T wireless line. There's a caller, West Palm Beach, hello. West Palm. On the line that we're paying for, and they're not there? Oh my God. How is it possible? How can there be somebody like you? Like I said before. How can there be somebody stupid people out there? We get this line special for these people. You know what I'm saying? You follow what I'm saying? We get this line special for these clowns. And then they still won't hang on. Wow, you know, uh, dog just had bad eyesight. We in a carpent, something like that. You know, his goal is just dropped a big one. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T line. That's Florida line. Some day, by the way, maybe someday, somebody in programming will tell me when that line's going to be a like nationwide, like I keep being lied to and told it's going to be a week from circus. But they just don't tell me which year? God. They just, I mean, don't confuse them with a stuff like broadcasting. The only things that Greg Rewants to talk about are all this other spurious stuff that's like on the periphery, on the fringes, that has nothing to do with the day out, and day in and day out, nuts and bolts of being on the air, and you want it to why? Because you didn't know anything about the day in and day out, uh, but nuts and bolts of being on the air. And I won't mention what Robert told me before, because Robert's working for $2.75 a cent an hour. He don't want to lose the job. So I won't mention about the fact that we went off the year, 50 times during the Hercules game, and Greg Rewants standing in the back going, yeah. What's that? Oh, gee, how cold after the 15th time? How come we're off the air? Oh, look, like that. And he's monitors by the way, are just, there's something going on here. Tommy, what are we going to do about this? Well, I know you have nothing to do with that, but you just have it to be standing there. And Paul Robert, he's to have read in the face for my playing sugar shocker's twice. He's all psychotic about that. I'll tell you one thing, if I had 100,000 people like him out there, if I attended people, all I do is say hello and he's laughing his ass off. Robert, that's right. I just came on to say, hey, it's penalty. Yeah. He's like, right in the face. He's in his barracks. That's right. Even now he's starting to, he don't even know what I'm saying, but he's starting to snigger a little bit. Snigger rhymes with sugar as in sugar in the wood pile. Not you, D. Fall. Oh, yeah, him. Here's sunrise, hello. sunrise. Oh, yeah, here you go. Yes, sir. Yeah, hey, I hope you make a comment about the cable companies in these mini-celled dishes. Yes, sir. What did you get that information from? Because I wasn't mini-diss on it, and these cable companies, you know, they didn't give my bad guys. Well, you can say goodbye to them in just a few days because yesterday, the FCC OK didn't Congress has got a pass at it to done deal within a couple of days. And then, and any day now, you're going to be able to get your local channels in the top of the year 60 markets, which of course includes us on your small dish. Uh, fantastic. And you could say goodbye to the cable company. I don't care. They're ass. I don't have them now. I got my fish. I got an antenna. And you can say goodbye to you, antenna. Uh, thank God. Take your meal. OK, there's a good news for you, boy. I'll do a small dish, lovers like me. You're just a bop-on-golder, the cable company. OK, to you guys, all right? Yeah, all those hot shots that thought that they had of an opnually all that time. And they did for a while. And they had those spots on there about all, and you know, the dish had cost you this or yeah, bop-to you guys. You got the dish you watched, whatever you had you want. That's just what your cable company decided you want to watch. 560, 550, 560, 560 on the AT&T line 87775. And by the way, it's nice to see Wayne's also selling his interest in sports share. Oh, who's going? 4 minutes till noon, if you want. The sports leader. What? We have no idea. 430, 560, 680, 880. And I have a lot of bad news. There was no farmer who's a don't he, Rob? He's adding the meadow just shaking his head. Some boys who were down by the bridge, they're beating the water, they're in on their marbles and glinting, then at half past four. Their teamer, young ladies, she looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her run-boles and laces and white club feet done. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children. So they would not spin, while the boys in a bar yard were show-bosing, wrapped your stand there from yesterday's hunt. What a girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the duck. In the black-up man with a eyes-up or home in the country with a big fence out front. If he has to phone like they she showed him her nifty bet doll, who was subject to fit. And maybe she left him, grab hold on her small tender and with the movement so quick. And then she then overruns up down his candy so tasty. She made a butter sky and then he spread with cream all over her coaties. That she had left out on her shelf. If you think this is dirty, you can go f*** yourself. Oh, right. How about doing five, six to WCQA? I said you want things. We sure got a lot of calls today. Was Robert working on the board last two days with Joe Costello working. Boy, it was really, really a pretty grim. How you doing, Joe? Hey, Neil, how's it going? I'm going to make sure you're not missing. This show is getting so famous now. He's on television. He's got his, he's on at night. He's on Saturday morning. He's at some big thing that he's calling into plug now. Some day, I'll be able to say, I want new Joe Costello. The funny thing is, my wallet isn't getting any better this way. Yeah, exactly. We're down here at the Outback Steakhouse on Kendall Drive. How do you think, girl, last night before you tell me about the Outback, good, on Comcast that I missed? It went pretty well. You know, NASCAR talk. We had some callers into the TV show, which never happened. Really? Yeah, I probably have both calls last night on your TV show that we had yesterday in Monday. I doubt it. One or time. I doubt it. We did okay. It was a good deal. And I don't have a lot of experience on television, but we're getting there. Yeah. So, maybe I'm six or seven years. I'll be as good as Rick's Sanchez. There you go. Maybe not. Anyway, the deal here is we've got three launches to give out at the Outback Steakhouse. A ride. Kendall Drive. First come, first serve deal, and you can meet NASCAR driver, Tony Stewart. The drive for Coach Joe Gibbs. What would have run in these three launches? Three launchers for everybody? First come, first serve. People who come to the Outback Steakhouse on Kendall Drive in the town and country shots. Get to come in. They'll get to eat a fat steak. Get an autograph from Tony Stewart. After some questions, Raples for great prizes. It's a really good deal. It's a good deal. It's an unbelievable. I don't have to be making this up, aren't you? Do you know, everybody that comes in now, that says they heard about it here, and they do whatever. They're going to get lunch free. That's correct. It's the first come, first serve basis. Oh my god, they'll be coming from Hallendale. They'll be coming from Tamarack. There'll be bus loads there by 1230, Joe. We're doing it, baby. And we're going to have NASCAR rookie the year, Tony Stewart as well. Yeah. And he's a by the way Jeff Gordon, a way which I already knew this. But remember the call we had about him yesterday and he's also a born again fanatic. You didn't, you knew that. I know that but I forgot about that because most people are always asking is he one of those. But I mean, he's like, he's like the, what's his name? The Big Sportser from the Packers. The, uh, where's he why? Well, I'm trying to get his name out of my mind. He's like the Reggie White of Auto Driving. You Auto Driving. The Auto Driving. The Television Commercial, the whole guy. Yeah, I thought, not my saw yesterday to brought a bag, brought back my man. We're again. And the end of the craft. And he pet it from the Yankees is one too. Oh my god, and you're still the Yankee fan? Yes, sir. Oh, I'm listening. That's neither here nor there. We're giving out a bunch of free lodges where I'd be bringing something. No, please. I gotta go to mommy's today. It's thick. Oh, no carbs. No thanks. All right. Well, we're here and thanks. You want to let it light. You want to have a leftover anyway. You're going to be really sorry they did this. Oh, here they come now. Thanks for taking the time. Thanks for making the call. Later, too, Joe. Joe Costello's done. There at the Outback in Kendall and they're giving away free lunch. You know, are they crazy? Uh-huh. Are they out of their minds? Man, they must be really. Is there somebody? Don't know who there must be related to? I must be crazy. I must be not. Yeah, him. Okay, let's get back to whatever we're doing here today. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Our poll question today is, what other shows are you listening to instead of this one? Like right now. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes? My pinkies broke and I can't drop the park. What are we going to do about that, Neil? What are we going to do about it? I don't know. This, uh, I don't know. What are we going to do about this equipment? That's a piece of crap. It's a piece of dirt. Where's Kathy Lee when I need that bitch? At least over radio stations you work at a role consistent. They all stocked out. Oh, not like this. This is special. This one has got a special place in my heart. I mean, the engineers are worth it in. Oh, yes, really. They all want to talk to you about this wing. There's a new stunt now selling a team. And, you know, he's blaming that the panthers are dragging down the stock that changed symbols. Yeah, the stock's alive. I posted me slorn a pan. Yeah, stock. There you've got Boker or this or if he's a crazy kid in. This guy's unbelievable. And I just want to know, it's, it's pavilion. If he's making whatever, how many million? Hey, maybe in this year. Every two years or five years. Yeah. I mean, I was all hopped up a few months ago, but yeah, I'm looking at this, like, it's getting really old. It's getting stale and we're getting tired of it. And I realize that, you know, the finger it's sticking out, it's sideways. But this guy is turning to be like a China doll with us. And every time he gets out, I mean, what's the greatest number of games he's played in a role? Seven. He's not getting injured. That's a handful. You know, it's not a small handful. Which I could have provided. Right. I mean, it's just unbelievable. Hey, I got nothing I want to talk about. I had some damage to my house from that Irene that bitch. Yes, sir. And I just want, yeah, my fence got blown down. I have a pool and, you know, there everybody's behind, you know, they get swamped with work and insurance claims. And for city of Pemberpines, they come by yesterday and sight me. And I'm like, what do you want me to do? I said, give me extra three grand out till a fence got to come out tomorrow. What do you want me to do? So for my neighbor to complain, I'm going to kick you up. I'm going to ask next time I see you. OK. Jack, yes. OK. A little upset and rightfully so now this, this, you know, again, a technical disaster and Greg Reed is running out of billiard. Little did you hear this? Move it with like that. Don't you understand, Mr. this studio is F-top. Don't you get it? Don't you understand the phone? The speakers, the overhead, and they say, and it's stuff like changes by itself. Just magically from one minute to another minute, from one hour to the next hour. It's a piece of turd. 560560, Pomp 560, on the AT&T line, on our Florida line, it's 877-785-Neal, 877-785-6345. Here's coral geables. Hello. Yeah, sir. You know, you know, Paul Katsenobo? Do I know him? Yes, you heard of him? Yeah, I heard of him. I saw him tell the light day that he's a fudge packer. Yeah, OK, great. Now pack this. 560560, Pomp 560, on the AT&T line, 877-785-6345, not even 1230. You had to already run it on the material. There's what we had a little hopes up here. We actually had some activity here. We were smoking for a couple of hours. And I know what happens when you smoke for a couple of hours. You pass out. You go off in the corner and you go to sleep. Here's San Francisco, hello. Neil Mike Queen, good morning from San Francisco. Yes, sir. Two things that prompted me to call. I'm at the Rect TV Center Ice Charter Member. The first year was out. I had to have it. So I lied to my Rect TV company and told him I couldn't get my local network. Yeah. To just to get the network from the station, not play with Ravityers and tin foil. Right. Right away, I started to get letters from my local CBS affiliate. And then we get the letter that CBS and Fox have joined together by a suit. Right. So we scratch our heads for about 30 seconds to figure out why it's the NSL. They don't want you to see out of market teams unless you buy some they take it. Why else would CBS and Fox get together? Only because they covered football. And the other thing that really prompted me to call about Wayne Hezenda, Mr. Pipeer, I was there to ask. I was there the first day it's written training in up in bureau beach. The very first day that Marlon David took the field as a team. He came and his helicopter late. Big entrance. Where's Wal-Wife? My million dollars short stop. I want to see him. Comes in like the Pipeer. I remember the nice thing they threw with the arena. The uniform and bailing for the panthers. Well, we probably have that puck. He just loves to jerk. People's change. Love to see the glow in their eyes and then goodbye. Yeah. There's nothing that made me more happy to read that auto nation. So, really underestimated use car reconditioning. Car car ride and there was some serious money on every unit that they're putting down the road. Great. Excellent. Thanks for the good news. Shane was request? Yes, sir. My life. Feeling in San Francisco sounds like the Chinese restaurant. Okay. Please play that. Okay. Thanks, man. See you. Say hi to Alex and Tony. Bennett. It's a 10-Tasino at 560WQM. Pipeo. Sony Sports Showdown. Are you up to the challenge Saturday morning, today? Only a sports radio 560QA. Wow, wow. That's awesome. Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, that's awesome. Good night, guys. And our race. You start dancing today. Have yourself some down on Christmas fun. All right. Oh, your friends away. We'll back you all. We'll back you all. You'll finish your right. You're on a dime. When you think of all the benefits you're getting. Like we'll be sweeter when you pass your heater. Cherry lights and silly deadly. Come on and join today. Let's see your merry way to see a member of the NRA. In Portland, in Portland, in Portland, in Portland, in Portland, in Portland, in Portland, in Kingston. We're having fun. You're having your skin. In Portland, in Portland, in Portland, in Portland, in Portland, in Portland, in Portland, in Portland. Come on and join today. And you'll be from today. You're on a center of the NRA. And over a. 1216 at 5.60 W to QM. I'm telling you something. I'm actually going to get a hatchet. I'm going to get a hatchet. I'm going to take that amplifier for these overheads for these speakers. I'm going to bust them up on the air right here on this show. What kind of a place? What air read day? They finally got the phone fixed. At least temporarily for today. Now we got a new deal. Now they amplify their up, they're down, they're in, they're out, they're around, they're like, they're like, they're loud, they're soft, they're all over the place. And we got engineers here or what? We have an engineering department like you never seen. Oh, my God. And the idea, well, I really appreciate is the tremendous amount of involvement. You know, like when what's his name? The effect that what's his, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, I don't even know what his name is. Oh, yeah. What is it? Oh, yeah. Like I said, it's fan Julio. When he went in here and he like, uh, swatted down on the floor there for like about five seconds. And that was it and he waddled out. And that's, uh, that's it. Okay. That'll take here in that bag and for today. Now let's get on the important stuff. Let's go on that sports stuff. So we can, you know, get that hurricane game, at least half of it on the air anyway. Before we go off the air 20 or 30 times. I mean, before you run around a building, Greg, with all these grandiose stories like you're telling me, at least start and put them together like take the guy damn bandages in the paper and then a glue and a machine and a stuff out of here and make like a real radio station first. Can you do it? No, no. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, they'll. Yes, sir. I was wondering, did that, that case that had to do with the fox and see the S. They're going to do with the big dishes also. Yes, small one. Yes, both. Both of them. Yes, sir. Oh, that's fantastic. I want to do, uh, and I thought there would news is now that, uh, now that we got the new ruling. They can both stick it right up the rest. Exactly. I agree with you. I got to have a big dish for a long time. And I got kind of upset when it ruined. Yeah. Hey, I wanted to ask for a shameless request. Can you do so for King? I'll work on it. Thank you, sir. And have a great day. Did that kind of anything? Oh, no. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line and the outed pound line. Believe it or not, can you believe it? The expensive outed pound line that we had a practically threatened to kill somebody to get. Yeah, that one is sitting there dead as a door nail. 877-785-6345. 877-785-6345. That's a nice easy number to remember, isn't it? No. What is it? 8. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. How are you greetings from the living and breathing in candle? Yeah. Instead of a really nice meal and lunch, do you know, I read lunches in candle, I guess. Yeah. I was wondering about that. Instead of sending Joe Castello to candle, is there any plans for you to come make an appearance in candle? No. No. This Saturday will be down in pretty close in the cables that specs on South Dickie. Oh, yeah. The one across from you, I'm right. No, not at the center. Okay. That's really close enough. I mean, you could walk there in five minutes from candle. Yeah, that's true. But I wouldn't. So now what this thing with the up seat is being now, once Congress sends it through. Yeah, it's a done for how many have done deal. No, there's no debate. Okay. So, but then, uh, hey, they could last night a matter of days and you'll be able to get your local channels right there on your small dish. Good. Then we can stick the cable. You can call the cable company and say, bye bye. What's that for your great day? All right. So, and what is Joe Castello doing in candle? Anybody who can, I guess. All right. Thank you. He says, got some juicy meat down there in candles. What he said? Uh, 560, 560, 560. Come on. Let's hear more about Jesse Jackson. And those rocket sparks are, you know, it's very interesting. The way this thing has gone, he's last, this last week. It used to be, and of course, I was looking at the arbitron and the full summer book. We have a much higher percentage of black listeners on this station as a whole. That's within the age that we do Hispanic listeners. Now, in his show, it's, uh, the, the, the other percentages higher, but not necessarily the actual number of people. But, and part of the reason for being, of course, that our black listeners out there, the black men, they be into footballs and the basketballs and all them balls, you know, they like that stuff. And they also got a sense of humor and they, you know, like being called a sports or which beats nigger any day the week. But, uh, you know, but I asked the other day, like to think about Dan, this week, starting this week. They're like, they're also disappeared. They've gone into hiding. They're out there, but they've gone into hiding. I mean, you have to be embarrassed if you're black and you hate Dan, or, you know, just because you need a white guy who's pretty good, who's very good. Why won't you admit it? I mean, I, yeah, I'd be probably too embarrassed to call into a radio show. Just like the white people are too embarrassed every time I talk about the white white people feel about some black people. And I have to be the one to sit here and sit because most of these other people here are for each somebody recognize their guy, damn voice. They're intimidated. They're easily intimidated. What's wrong with speaking at the way it is if you don't like to any boy, and if you'd like to rather have maybe, uh, Freddy Solomon in their quarterback, you want to bring him back? Ah, you don't come out, Freddy. Nice Jewish boy, Freddy Solomon. Probably related to me as a matter of fact. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey, what? Oh, you a big apology. For what? Man, I tell you what, I've been listening, I actually started listening to you when I moved in here a couple of years ago. Yes. And, uh, I hate me like Poison. You know what? I thought you were the biggest asshole I ever met. Right. And I, I couldn't live on about one or two others, yeah. So what then I started, then I lived here for a year and a half. Okay. There you go. That was good. Thank you sir. I needed that good laugh, especially after these speakers are starting to fall apart. Just what we thought we might have a show here today that nothing was falling apart on. Is that if we're going to happen? No. I guess they figured we're going to part of the show, you know. If it's not the phone, it's the guy that I'm overhead speakers. It's the, uh, the, uh, something, you know, DCS. And just wait by the way, it's November the 10th. I wonder if our crack engineering staff has gotten with the people as, because I know for a fact. I know for a fact that about two months ago, our chief engineering decided in his, is with them. It changed the date on his computer down here to make it back to like 1890. That's something like that at the last century. But it changed it would be whatever. And then of course, nothing would queue up screwed up the whole guy damn thing and poor little George had to crawl around on the hands and he's on a floor with computer of crap for about a half an hour to get it be fixed again. But when you think you get on the phone with the manufacturer and say, okay, how do we did this? Or is there some software that goes with it? So make sure we can, uh, don't lose our stuff over the year 2000 come. You think he's done that? No. And I realize that he's out of a lot of the rest. I couldn't care about that. That's his problem. Everybody here's got an excuse. Well, I got to do this and I got to go over in Kisston, the Kiss Bomb, the K on the forehead and his, uh, weight keeps falling off all the other crap. We don't care about that. We care about us. What if these guys have worked them over there actually cared about us? 567.0560. 556 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in West Palm Beach, hello. Hello there. I'm really confused. I was on the bottom. I thought the topic was, um, the topic. What station do you listen to when you don't listen to you? The topic is anything you want, but I mean, you. Oh, I just heard you say the topic and I just stumbled upon you and, uh, you're very interesting sounding, and so it's just calling to participate, but then I heard you talk about it. Oh, you talk about whatever you like sweetheart. This is American. And along with long as I'm interested in what you have to say, you can say, so as I start getting bored, then you'll hear something a sound very much like a dial tone. Okay. Well, I would like to say something about Jesse Jackson. Please. I'm very concerned. I love Jesse Jackson, but I'm afraid he's going to turn this into a racial issue. You know, but he has. He already has. Well, I think it's going to get worse, but I think the whole issue is adults getting involved in what kids are doing and trying to make a big deal out of absolutely nothing. I don't know. I hate to sound like a soccer mom or something like that. I think you like that. I mean, nothing. Well, I mean, I wouldn't say it was absolutely nothing. I would agree that, you know, two years suspension is very ridiculous or two years, whatever they're getting is outrageous. Oh, but there's no way they were going to stick with that. They were going to, they were going to come to their senses after a while. We didn't really need for this to happen. It didn't need to be turned into this. But what is he doing there? I don't know. You know, I don't get it. Yes, you do. He's exploiting it. You know, you know, he always shows up, but there's something like this going on. When the Haitians are all pissed off down here, he's down here. If he's he's doing it for himself, he's not doing anything for anything. That is absolutely correct. He said it's an issue of fairness, not an issue of race. He's full of crap. He's like, you know, you know, what's his name? The old J attorney. Well, I would, I would say I put all these people out of, I would Jones. I wish he would just agree next in hand. Johnny Johnny, Johnny, cockling Jones. I can't even think of his name anywhere. I blocked some of those people out of my mind, maybe because that's the old J. But anyway, you were saying. I think she feels that I wasn't listening to what it was. Oh, she's okay. She was good. Just like Chris Darden said, I don't give a shit. That's right. Johnny cockling. I his name just slipped right from my memory. Good. Nice. That's a good step in the right direction. Thank you. What did she say? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T line. You got hand coming up at two. We got the books to read six and then from a seven o'clock till, well, the pre-games are seven with Gully and with Gully, stop picking on poor jigs and McDonald. I know you want his job, Gully. Stop sucking up to him to his face and rip him an ass behind his back. Okay, Gully and I'm the air too. Just because he's a daughter-in-gold man, he's a great guy. He can't help but the fact that he's a play by play is so bad. He's a good guy. And then Randy Mower, who used to be a good guy, but then now kind of like a laughing like a clown. You know, I think I'm going to start play that clown. Used to be behind the broadcast. Uh-huh. Yeah, we're going to work on that. I'm like it. A bigger share. Twenty six past noon at five, sixty, WQM. This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this state. This is the plan to this station. This is Luna to spell with Don L. I've a Don L. Jackson and today we're going to spell the word broken. Bellow with me now. Broken. Be our old KEM. Now, let's use it in the film. So I said to the coach, I said, man, that broken show throw a football. This is Luna to spell with Don L. I'll be Don L. Jackson. Oh, right. Twenty five, 50 WQM. You're a literate station for the 90s. That's why we're so popular. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. And the Florida line is vacant. It's dormant. It's nozzle at the moment. It's sitting there. It's dying over there. Eight, seven, seven, eight, five, the all. Sure love our friends of an Air Force. They've used that a lot. Haven't they? Oh, that 800-dollar line? No. One of these days, the one gets to be national. And about six or seven years, it's going to be big. That thing will be smoking. Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty, five. Here's a mobile in Del Ray Beach, hello. Hey Neil, how are you today? Great. Great show. I kind of got a degree with the guy that was on here earlier. I went and listened to you for the longest time. Everybody kept telling me that you were great. But I'd tell you what, once you get a foot, you've got to show it. Definitely an acquired taste. Anybody that thinks if you listen to show one time, and that's never going to work. That's like, stop hearing you on the other day. Right. You got to work up to it. I think on the other end of that, it's you're talking about Jesse Jackson. I think he probably has gotten a wheel for a soap box. He's just kind of traveling and doing more things. If he would only get on some of the things that all of us are interested in, he may as he is a great order, or I think he thinks that way. Yeah. He might be able to do some good for a lot more people if he would just start doing that. But he can't just do that because this is his nature. He's an expert or he's a user. He's an opportunist. Every time there's some explosive situation coming along, that involves race, he's always there to try to make it into a big song and dance, and to exploit it and get everybody marching and protesting. In the meantime, four kids, 46 kids who were spelled were charged with mob action, which is a felony. And this woman, I just called by the way for most promises, why don't you want to sound like a soccer mom? The implication being that the riots at soccer games are just guys having fun. I mean, you've seen, I'm sure all the riots that they have in Europe where people get trampled and they die. It's barbara crap. It's unacceptable. Sure. And it happens in Western and happens in all the great places and whatever as you come down here to Western and start talking about, you know, that's the most important thing. That's my point. If all those kids up there in the Decay to Real Noir, if they were white kids, he wouldn't have been within 500 miles of there. Sure. And here we are, like I said in Western, they're all white kids. Right. He didn't go to be showing up there. Oh, no, he's not going to show up there at all. Listen, the other question I think this might be redundant, but the on the satellite dish, I was kind of reading an internet this morning. And I looked to see if I was going to be able to still get like the west coast. Is that, sir, can you clarify that for me? Let me get the west coast. Well, you always got like something on this coast and you always got something on the west coast. And ABC of Philadelphia and then ABC of, excuse me, ABC of Philadelphia in the, on the west coast. Is that still going to hold true or no? Well, I mean, if you're able to get it, you just, you're not going to lose anything. Well, I lost it. I lost it. So I'm going to be able to get it back now because I mean, if you're all, if you're, in other words, if they make a deal, so they have to make a deal with all of these local channels. And if they're not able to make deals with them, then those channels may disappear. But you can be sure that they're going to make deals because it's an interest to do it. But if they do that, there's no reason why you shouldn't be able to see the other things. I wouldn't think. But yeah, who knows? You know, I read the bill this morning on the internet and we will literally, maybe if they put it in Laman's terms, we'd all be able to understand it. Exactly. That's why Congress is waiting. So at least it's a good step. It's a way for everybody to say goodbye to their cable company. Well, also reason I bought the dish. You got it. Okay, I have a nice day, sounds. You too, bye. Yeah, hey, you cable people. Well, second, don't take it personally. Like the people who work for the cable company. We don't hold it against you. Everybody's got to have a job. It's just that we don't like your bosses. Okay, like here. We're not too far to the bosses here. Are we? No. We're embarrassed by them. We're embarrassed and humiliated by their indifference in their lack of professionalism. What it comes to the industry that they're making. They're living in called broadcasting, which they know that nothing about. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Hey, Greg, forget all the other hoopla. Forget the hollow below. Let's get down to business. Let's get some people in here. It's been eight freaking months now and get this studio. Everything in a working to AT. You remember that state of the art studio? I was promised to in half years ago. No. He's got a short memory. Here's a mobile in the, I guess what you ought to be on the ear. You're not going to be on ear. This is a lunatic who calls George every day. Every day between 10 and noon. Oh, Phil's in a break now. Phil's going off. We don't care. Okay. We're here to do an art show. We don't care Woody. In addition to which it should be painfully obvious now. We don't want to speak to you. If they want to put you on on the hand show, as Steve from Hollywood, every day, that you call between two and two and thirty to make sure our hood on the way home, I don't really care. It doesn't influence me at all. It's bad radio because the put chronic colors on ear all the time. And some of the people do on his station. It's bad radio. I'd rather hear the gambling calls than hear Woody on ear. And I'd rather croaked it hear those gambling calls again. So that should show you Woody where you stand on the work desk. Like way down there on the rectum. S n. 567. 560. 560. On the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, the idea is going. Okay. Awesome. You take that guy out and, like, five minutes. He's been calling for 100 years. He's a million great. And then he's any pause. Like, am I going to hang up over now and dump it or am I going to give him like two more words and dump it? I don't know you. And none of it got on anyway. So what difference does it make? He's an idiot. He's another no-life schmuck. Five words. Hey, Neil. What do you think about the prices at the National Cardinal Center for Seat? The prices for seats are ridiculous and the prices for food are unacceptable. The food blows and they raise the prices on everything in that place. And now you see Wayne's going to say, well, I don't care because I'm so I'm going to see him anyway. You like to take that up with the new owner with the county, with whoever's in charge of that craft. You know, he can wash his hands of everything and say, I got nothing to do with that. What they've done with the food concessions that are in this year is a scandal. Nothing short of a scandal. Right. They've cut down the selection. They've cut the portion sizes down to like bird-like size portions and they've jacked the prices up to a point where you'd be better. It'd be cheaper. It won't get a steak dinner. They need to get a couple of burgers and the coke. I'm serious. It's a true. It's a true. Let me ask you this. Do you, uh, and don't last too hard, but do you go in your own pocket to pay for your seats? No, no, I do not. Oh, fighting. The station buys me all my, uh, that's in my contract. They give me all my tickets. They have to do the contract. You damn right it is. And I got in the at least in that part of it. It is. And I got news for it. If they weren't the case, I wouldn't have buy a season ticket. I'd pick and choose what games they want to go to. Yeah. There's no way that people kind of forward to go up there. It came after the game after the game. And I don't know if that, but I can afford it when I still wouldn't do it because I, I'm telling you the last three years. I have gone in in the old arena and in this joint. And there have been nights when I should have brought a book in a flashlight along because that's how much entertainment is going on. That's the kind of quality product. No, seriously, that's the kind of quality product that this man has failed to produce for the public out there. And he wonders why we got what we're going to have like five, six thousand people there tonight. That's right. It's going to be empty tonight. When you, when you keep chart, you know, and you see it all right, I've mentioned this yesterday. I'll say it again. You watch these games like I do all over the league. You see thousands of empty seats all over the place. I'm watching in Jersey and Philadelphia last night. I think even New Jersey, we say we really have those fans of the devil's and spite of the fact that they're, you know, right in the middle of about 30 million people there. And they're playing the flyers, the flyers tie the score at that time. And there's just tremendous here. I realize there's more flyer fans than there are devil fans in the stand because Philadelphia is right around the corner there. And there's still thousands of empty seats. There's same thing happens when they play to range. They're playing the right. That's right. Or what they call continental. What about the empty arena is what they call it? Just like a national county Colosseum, same thing, three, four thousand people in my, you can't keep putting a mediocre product out of it. And by the way, the devil's got a damn good team. They got an exciting young team, but they got a good team. And they still can't afford the punishment. They have priced the fans out of the market. Right. You got to have a great day, pal. All right. Thanks. See you tonight. Okay. We got tickets for 50 cents a piece that I know we don't. That's what they ought to do. I don't do that. Don't call on you and say that. We got free tickets that know we don't. Don't say that. Look at upset. They'll take away my panther jersey. 5, 6, 7, 7, I mean, there's just no interest here. It's like the Marlins. There is no interest. You bring up the thing about John Henry and the stadium and the what's your name? Finally wrote a good comment on a paper that's Bichlander Robertson. Henry's numbers just don't add up. Absolutely correct, man. Doesn't add up. Just say no to John Henry. Just say no to Wayne. I just say goodbye to Wayne. I think what a great week. Of course, you don't have a buyer yet. But we'll at least we know he's selling for sure. We can take good buy to the cable company and buy and high-pinger very soon. I have a party. Of course, he's going to have the dolphins till he dies. He said, well, let's see. What's that going to be? 24, 1, it's 5, yeah. Robert took it as watch. What's that going to be, Wayne? Oh, oh. See where man's gone. The cold. We've got a shot. We got a chance to think he's special. So we'll use some show with the change in the hand. Let's go. That's the real one. Here. Let's wait for your five to see you later. Holy Macanon. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. Right. Listen to me. He's just stand by and see for soficking and a stand where everything is out to the high soficking standards. The selection isn't just huge. It's soficking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And soficking surprises aren't just low. There's soficking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say soficking as a beautiful score, I mean soficking beautiful. When I say to staff it's helpful, I mean soficking helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the soficking and enjoy a selection that's soficking huge. A staff that's soficking courteous and fresh is that a soficking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied custom of Frank and Stein. Soficking good. You're soficking good. Well 45 to 560 WCWM. So we aren't getting any. I guess we have to assume that it must be true that all the black guys out there hate Dan Marino because he's white and been very successful in the recent that. And because Mark Clayton and Mark Duber didn't get all the credit. And he actually got a little bit of credit for like tossing them the ball. Okay, we understand that. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. 877. We got 1600 open lines an hour to court to go. You think we're going to make it today. Oh, we've actually accomplished quite a bit here today compared to Monday and Tuesday compared to like the last seven days. You know, it's interesting. The one from most pomec called the soccer mama, whatever she was talking about. She said, I thought the topic today was what else is that you're listening to. And then she never talked about that. And she started giving me started defending the indefensible. This riot they had up there. These these lunatic these maniacs. This everyone behavior after a goddamn high school football game. I say stick all the rest in jail is what I say. There you go. And put Jesse in there with him. Oh, you might keep him company. Here's a mobile in vocalo. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, speaking about them dolphins this morning. You know, I think you know, I think you're dolphins. Yeah, you know, I'm going to blow the dolphins. Well, you know, this morning, what is, what is golden in them boys? What are they cater to dumb jobs or something? Yeah. Uh, because uh, you know, I'm sure. What do you want? I'm really, I picked up the Palm Beach Puts this morning. Yeah. Uh, what have they got on the front page? Damn, Reno controversy. Yeah. Through the paper in the garbage. Turn on the radio. Listen to the boys morning. More. It's old. It's very boring. Nobody would ever get a brain wants to hear that anymore. Exactly. Here we got a team of six and one and the toughest division in the NFL. All seven and one. Yeah. That too. Yeah. And, you know, Wayne cuts into this stadium filled all the black outs are lifted. It's like the old days in the arts ball. Yeah. And uh, I don't understand this town. I'd like to belly it. That's only want to do his belly. Unbelievable. I'm really wanting. We got all these idiots calling. Oh, what happened to uh, to watch his name there from other hercules? Whatever happened to that fish barter. Yeah. And you're all the time. You know, you know, I think JJ is going to do. When Reno gets better, he's going to close the Spurrier and he's going to switch quarterback back and forth. What do you think, you know? Yeah. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Oh, I got such a headache. Oh, my God. Such a headache. Just from that call. Oh, yeah. But what about the Yenple Green? No. How's he? How you doing? Reno, he looked with Barbara Strasin. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Nobody wants to hear any more about it. It is so pondressing, so boring. And so terminal, Danny Boy, that's he used to be Danny and Jimmy Danny and Damien. And look, there I said before, Damien, you know where the hell he came from. That's right. We need to go next to his mother there to guide Dam Delph and camp because they got a shot. Damien, my ass. How's father, Keras Duma? In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if you saw father, Keras and Alex Keras at the same time. Probably the same person. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. We're going to have 2,000 people at the McAurean and I'd like to see what I'm going to see. I'm going to move all around. I don't have to worry about that jack ball showing up on his little kids and stand up in front of me. I'm so sick and tired of those people. God, are you people rude? You're rude. You're not cute. You're not clever. You're not fun. I don't give a crap. Who you are. Your god damn effing rude is what you are. When a game is going on, I don't want to see your ass. I don't want to see your kids. I want to see the game. I make a tremendous effort to drive the four minutes from my house all the way over to the arena and get my free or reserved parking and go up there to get my free seat. Somebody paid for it. And these people up and down and back and forth. Let's get some more food. Let's go change some more diapers. Let's go to do some more potty. Whatever they're doing. It's grandpa doing the potty. That's just a little kid. Just sitting in a seat while a game is going on. Then there's a break. There's a little light comes on over there. A little pink light comes on for the TV commercial. That's a good time to get up and move on out. And don't come back too soon, by the way. That's a real good task. We're like, we don't want to when a green light comes on at the end of the period. That's a real good time to get up and move mostly on out and go do your thing. Okay, little of this, little of that. Whatever you want to do. Just stop being so freaking rude. It's not funny. It's not amusing. It's unacceptable. I think I'm going to start making a scene with those people. Because the two jackballs they had sitting in the seats for the last game. These two guys that I've never seen before. It must be, almost, almost their friends. It must be, they must go over the same instructional school. Standing up and standing in, finally, a one point. We had a yellow, they're hey, sit down. And they're writing front of me. Sit down. You ask holes. Here's Papa, no, hello. No, your show is so. Okay, great. But thanks for listening to what anyway. Thanks for listening to 560 QM. And you're so ponderouser. 8 million calls we've had from the same old geezer in Hollywood. It must be bad when you get to be above 100. It must be really depressing. When that magic moment is that last breath is only a few seconds away any day. The last gas. In fact, you know something about maybe instead of Jimmy, maybe you're the one. I want to have a shot. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good morning, the. Good afternoon. I'm the F.2. Question. You're talking about the being able to receive the local stations on the small issue. Yes, sir. Are you dealing with the local stations on the big dishes also? No. No. I'll come. Because that's they make the deal with them. I made the they I don't believe so. They made the deal with Echo Star, which is one of the small dish companies. And with Hughes, which is the Rectav. They didn't make a deal with the big dish. Oh, okay. Another bitch. It is. Perfect. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That's the information I got. The pain by also got different information, but I doubted very much because that's what I read right there and it got them article yesterday off the where it came from somebody sent me. And when somebody sends me something, sometimes I believe it. Usually not. 5.6705. 60 pound. 5.6. On the AT&T line. So anyway, this guy that used to work for Beasley over and four miles this 20 year old kid. So his girlfriend was sitting on top of him. And the mother came in and yeah, he was raping her. And the mother came in and grabbed her ass off of there. So to speak and beat the hell out of him beat him up and whip the ass right home. That's a pretty great story. Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello. Mobile in Jupiter. With the radio up. And I. Okay, sir. I just wanted to say I'm so tired of it. Old state. You can then reenot that. Okay. 5.6705. 60. Blow it out your ass. Okay, pal. I'm tired of you. I'm tired of you. Sparksers that want to put down a guy who's a great athlete because he's not one of your people. Okay. You are the most racist people I've ever seen in my life. Is American black. Thank God for the Jamaican. Thank God for the Haitian. Thank God for the people from other Peloponnesians. Yeah, man. That's right. What a bunch of racist pigs man. You're not fooling me. Dan arena. One of the classiest. One of the greatest people that ever. Graced this town. Goes out there on that fourth down after we get bushwacked. After we get just lumped. Decimated. Comes back. Trolls the winning touchdown 393 yards passing in that game. Breaking every guy damn record and so I. And he's going to have to sit there. I listen to you on grateful sub the bitches with your bull crap on his radio station. 20 hours a day. Not on this show. You're not going to hear it. So let's hear from us more sports. It don't like Dan arena. So I didn't say I believe money. Very long. But I just, there is the proof right there. Another dark, complicated guy that hates Dan arena because he don't want to see any white folks in football. That's right. Maybe like I said, the punters in their place kickers. That's okay. That's not work for real athletes. You know, like those big 400 pounders lying in their real athletes. League fat slabs. How could anybody with any self respect make a comment like that and go back and look in the mirror to my way. You're shaving him by the way. I sure hope to play. I think I'm going to say two sharp. Sir. Shame on you. Shame on you. The good people come along in this town. That's all you got for him. Okay. That's in Dred. The assholes come along. Like Wayne High Pingu and your sucking his toes. Oh, thank you, Miss. Or O.J. If that golf tournament. Okay. I have your autograph. This is interesting. Can I, can you touch me? Can I touch you? Could I see that scar on your fingers and heal yet? You're kind of a cut above the rest, O.J. Like I said, we got millions of people in this country. Never met a scumbag they didn't like that. That's why they liked Jimmy so much. Never met a scumbag he didn't like. Just like that. Who are cool and team man out there to feel estable? What that was something to be proud of, man. But if the TIGs on. I think that's why they lost a game for TIG. I had probably too much corralizing. They were for TIG when the game started. Got their asses kicked after the game. Got their asses kicked after open up trash talking. Open up a big mouth and I got their asses beat by Penn State. I believe wasn't that it? Yeah, it was Penn State. Yeah, poor Jimmy. Poor Jimmy. He was on the desert after that came you sort of pressed out there and it was all right. Fill down on some sharp object in the water was. It just felt like a prick. Yeah. I knew you'd say that. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the eighth. T and T line that's floor to line. We're waiting for some more sparses that don't like the Marina to call it. I'd dare you to do it. Come on. I'd dare you to open up a mouth and rip a legend. You won grateful bastard you. 877-785-Neal 877-785-6345. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neal, you are God. Yes, I am. Yes, I know God. This is actually me. I'll tell you. Second thing. I don't want to hear about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to hear about it. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it. If we got sparks just call it in. I want to rip my little monster. Second. I don't want it. I don't want it. I know. The only time you should have a controversy is over losing. We're winning. So have those two steps shut that hour. Yeah. We'll tell the sports for holes that they got nothing else to talk about. Amen. And God bless you. Whatever you said. Anybody know what he said? No. 560-560, pound five 60 on the eighth. 10-10-10, r levels. I've got to at least a little bit rattle today. At least they're rattling their spears. Did anybody respond to my question? They're all listening to the gym we're all in. That's the problem. We get a response here about it. But they're all listening to the guy. They're in gym we're all in. Yeah. Yeah. They are. They're all in Rome. They're all with the guy. They're in Pope. And by the way, speaking of the Pope, I must forgot about this. New phone card. Let's use his reach out and touch the Pope. He's already got a CD out. Why shouldn't he have a phone card out? That's right. The sports radio 560. He's just a few. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Hey. Hey. I'm Spy. You know what I'm driving them. Ruth died in W. On a hot summer day. Me and the misses always stop at thickens. Dickens fruit state. They've got everything from fruit to vegetables. Homemade past. But there is nothing like their side. Ain't that right, honey. Get inside her. Yes, sir. Why? Even though we were late in Richard last Sunday, she had to have a little dick inside her. She says the ring of the black. Even mom ministers. This is why I can enjoy his little dick inside her now and then. Why don't you break some home and I'll protect her. Plastic rib bottom. That way it'll stay fresh. Or you can let sit a while and have some hard dick inside her. He's good at lunch. Good and dinner. And there's nothing like waking up with a dick inside her. Dickens fruit state. Just a fruit man. W. In touch her road. Six to nine. Open 24 hours. Because I have to run. She lives overnight. I like to snuggle up and bed with a hot dick inside. Hmm. One or two at five, sixty W to Q a m. And on a timeline, by the way, a sitting there. A real bacon. Let's keep it that way. What do you say? I'm a good friend Bob from the Dickens side of T-shirts. Happy belated. Thank you. I had to call you because I heard something on one of the morning shows. The other day with Mr. Jesse Jackson. Yeah. They were talking about the kid being thrown out of school. And I think, Cuffer who was mad or one of them who ever reporting. It said, well, they have the option to go to a special school. And it was. That's right. And Mr. Jackson said, well, they don't have basketball with that school. And it would hurt their future prospects. Well, isn't that a shame? Maybe they should have been involved in mob violence in the first. And they should have thought about that, you know? I mean, I don't have basketball. Is that a bad break? I know. And the thing, why doesn't he get involved? You know, remember the girl that was killed outside the club that 15 year old girl? Yeah. That was killed about four or five months ago. I was at the club. We were the pregnant one, yeah. Well, she had, and then news, it really upset me. There's no one made a thing about it that she died. And she left the three year old son or child. Mm-hmm. She was 15. That kid was three years old. Right. She was 11 years old. Mm-hmm. And why isn't he getting involved with his, you know, with children having children? Right. Instead of worrying about these thoughts, getting up to you and teaching people in the getto about birth control and plant parenthood and about not abandoning their kids and things like that. You know, value system as opposed to running around sticking his nose into politically correct. Just worried that they're not going to play basketball. Isn't that a shame? I mean, I couldn't believe that. I don't think I'll be able to sleep tonight. All right. I just want to say that and wish you a real happy birthday and many more. Thanks, Bob. Okay, bye. See you. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line on that Florida line is 87775 mil. So you do understand that all this marino bashing, it's the dark folks out there that want to pick on to any boy. That's right. In fact, even when you hear a guy call this station that's orphaned, that sounds like a white guy. It's a dark guy doing a white guy's voice. I'm telling you, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Because the white folks, they appreciate Dan Marino. It's only the New Yorkers and those farts, they want to rip them in ass to don't appreciate it. Because he's a white guy and they're jealous of his great success and his tremendous ability. You know, it's like when Walter Peyton died the other day. Walter Peyton was great. I loved Walter Peyton. He was just the Martha Price of Admissions just to watch him run. He was fantastic. He was black. Did that make me any less sad when he died? Oh, he was. What do I care what color he is? He was a superstar. Well, I'm telling you, man, we've got some real, real bad racism and not all of it is by white people. Okay. I think it's about time to start calling the, uh, put the, for the pot to stop calling the kettle purple. Is what I think. Lot of wicked nasty racism out there disguised as something else. You're not fooling this old fat. I got to tell you that right now. Okay. You're not fooling me. Because when it comes to racism, just remember one thing. It takes one to no one. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, new, how are you? Pretty good. Whatever that means. Yes, sir. I come. I'm just like you. It's born and raised in Hartford, Connecticut, Groof watching the Hartford way. Sorry about those way, sir. Yeah. I didn't think Crown's in Carolina. Yeah, I know. Two, three hundred of games. Yeah. I'm in there. Like, sorry, Dean, sir. Yeah. But anyways, I have the NHL Center Ice on the satellite dish at home. And I watch all the games all day and now. I hear all the announcers and stuff. I don't know if it's just me, but I think Jeff Fremor is the worst announcer out of them all. Yeah. He's not the worst. He's so boring though. He sounds like he should be conducting a ceremony for somebody who died. I mean, that's he's the show's no emotion whatsoever. Yeah, he's not the worst though. He's not worse than the guy who does the hurricane games, for example. Or one John for John for John for John for John. I don't even know what that guy is. He's terrible. He's not worse than John Kelly who does the color right of Avalanche who I mean every time John Kelly opens his mouth, his dad is rolling in his grave. Thinking Jeff shut up and go home already, you know. He's the one that goes. He's gone. He just tries to imitate his dead. He's dead. He was great. Then Kelly was one of the all-time great John Kelly. Ain't no Dan Kelly. Okay. He's an embarrassment. He's no one. Really eating. He's not. I get the chills just thinking about John Kelly. I'm getting goosebumps. He's so bad. He's a buddy in Pittsburgh. My client. He's pretty good. My client. What a pretty good. What what he was good. Who's good? I don't know me a name. Yeah. My client is great. What you said he's pretty good. So I'm assuming that there must be somebody hell of a lot better than him. Who's really good? Who's tremendous? Well, I mean I really wouldn't know names. I would know more by the team. Well, Bob Joe Bowlin who's the greatest talking answer whoever lived in this run on Maple Leafs. Yeah. I mean you know. And then the guys for CBC. Thank you. Yeah man. Cool. When they wake you up, yeah. He's okay. Thank you. I mean I just I'm just out of big fan of Jack for a moment. I'm gonna call the staff. No, I'm gonna call the staff. No, it's just I get home. I'm going to tell him. God called me the names says you suck. Yeah. I'm going to tell that. Thank you. And every day. Okay, we'll tell. How do you like that? A lot of calls about hockey today. They start off come on where we're stopping such a sour ass. He bought lunch by the way I say anybody believe that. No. Well, he's still sorry for me. He always takes hundreds of birthday. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. And that line nine, take a look at it, baby. Listen to this and cry. I had a point. I had a scream. I had a yell. I had a push. We got to have that line for our friends over there on a West Coast for Myers especially. And the people in Palm Beach, so they can call toll free. Like a real radio station. And that line just sits there dormant. Like a goddamn dead church mouse. Like a dead trouser trout. 87, 7, 7, 8, 5, Neil. See, they keep putting the key in there on the Neil. That's different. Seriously, a lot of people trying to call, they keep spawning it with a key. As a Neil on this. 87, 7, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45. I want to pick it up cool. I just am just waiting. Told ya. I'll talk about it. And you know something speaking to him. You think what is bad? This guy? I wish George was saved on the voicemail one day. We had from this guy. You must have gone on for eight minutes. Seriously. And if anybody had a butterfly net, they would have chased this guy to the end of the earth to make sure they could put him away. This is ADAD. And this went off for like seven or eight minutes. Anyway, like take a breath. ADAD. This is a certifiable lunatic. This thing. I would say this person, this thing. AC is ADAD. Yeah. I'm getting paid money to talk to people like this every day. People that should definitely be put away behind bars behind a very like Renfield. Yeah. He makes Renfield look like you have a Jordan there. You know football fan. AC is ADAD. Oh yeah. Many George saved that when we got a fact that cool. Some good time. I'm going to check to one at five, 16 WQM. Where's my meat? Hey, baby. I'm feeling kind of hungry. What's the law? Come in, Adam. I want to thank you a funk and nickel sandwich. Very good nutrition. I've got to remember now. Help you build your muscles. Kids' name back about. What you do is you play the sport and you want something back up you see, run. wine. Sleepy celebrity teacher. What about me? No It's Japanese. No You say there's a lot of sport but that's not something cheap. Keep your attention. Don't roll upana. I can't do theaptor. Do I have to do this for your peanut buttered soap or for your cabbage? I've 60 WCM, we got Hank Goldberg at 2, and the studio in the last not do one of those outside deals, but it's pretty rare. And then we got the Boogshambi, we'll a studio hold them both. No, six o'clock tonight. And then we got the pre-game with Gellie at 7 o'clock. Don't be picking on Jigsnick. Don't let him. More Gellie. I know you want his job. I know you feel it is a dot-ring old man, and don't suck up to who is facing come on here and rip him in an ass and play his calls and then play circus music behind it. Although it was kind of entertaining. We got the Atlanta thrashes at the Florida Panthers at the Mcarina night. I'm going to be there. No. I'll be there with bells on. We love those Panthers. They're really great. And then they're picking on Paul Bellberg, two because he's a white guy. Who the see? You all knew white guys out there that come to the game that are caught and up to the sparks are Peter World who by the way, he's in your knee and playing against. He's always injured now. Thank God. You're always sucking up to him. You see, I hate to break the news to you about your backing yourselves into a corner because the game plan is for all the sports to belong to the sparks isn't as comfortable to understand that. No, don't you get it? That's why they're pissed off about Dan Reno. They don't want no white superstars in there. They want far too superstars. That's right. Randall, coming in. There'll be a quarter back for you. That's our boy. Yeah, Randall, coming in. One day he played good next week. He, well, he forgot. Whatever. Like that McNerke had from Tennessee. We see, go to what? No. Hey, he hit Sam Jackson the hand three times in a row. What's his name? Samuel Jackson Adams. And by the way, how is the gentle green to it? Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, no. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing today, sir? I'm doing great, man. I'm a black flag for Fort Lauderdale. You're cracking me up. I'm not going to step a say this, sir. I've been a dolphin fan all my life. I remember when they were doing real well. I'm from up in the Midwest. I'm from Cincinnati, where the Bingo suck and I'm glad to be down here now. Yeah, I love. That was blow, baby. Hey, I let Demorine as a fine-looking man. And not only that, not very nervous, but let me just finish it. Fine-looking man, the Linda Mars, the fine-looking man. Everybody is in prejudice. I know you just have to be. I knew you're not prejudice. And I know you're just rough and everybody up. Didn't people like me to call that your hilarious work like a charm, didn't it? You got me to call up. I'm about drove off the wall. Damied off the wall. And he said that you're not as tight this week. I understand that, but I'm going to tell you. He will let you shower with him before he's made a few times. He's not too animated. I called Wednesday for about a pizza thing up in Tampa. And I don't know how that ever worked out or whatever about a pizza place not delivering to a certain neighborhood or whatever. All had a size, your hilarious, your funny, keep up the good work. And I'm glad I can hear and you're telling your voice that you're just getting a job. And finally, it'll be pleased to know that Godfather's pizza is the CEO of that state is a dark, complex guy. I didn't know that. Another thing is, when you have a... Well, you have with a spark, there's baby. I'm serious. When you say it's worth it, keep in mind. Most of us don't know what that means. You know, you know. And it starts, it just means black. Sparky, I did black man and Sparky is a black woman. Yeah, I told you that there's so much better word than like, nigger or coolness. Of course. Of course. Darky, of course, monkey. It's only thought that was a word. It was a bad word. I always thought it was a tad derogatory. I remember when I dated my first boyfriend. Well, that's like that. That was like a guy. That's like joy. I mean, Jews call Gentiles Graham. And it could be used like, you know, oh, she's married a chick that which is like a, you know, a guy that's a gentile. That's what they call to me, sarcastic. What is your magic? You can take cracker and it wouldn't necessarily be sarcastic. All of the problems. Okay. Well, hey, keep up the good work. I'm glad that I was able to call and get it off my chest for a little bit. And come visit Fort Laude, I'll come. Hey, come to the culprous sometime. I'll say hi. Okay. Bye bye. Have a great day. All of you's me. 567. Now, I'm worried about that dangerous youth meet. You know, I'm saying, oh, yeah. And in the woods, I'm not really that much into dark me. Kind of like light dark like Malcolm on the young and the horn. There is my style. Oh, my God. This is something I always take in more calls today than I have in the last the four weeks. That's the guy damn true. And I can take that guy in Orlando, by the way, that got everybody all whipped up in paranoid. Like I said, those are good, guys. Are you sure? Well, I mean, you know, he's okay. But did this notion that all of a sudden, because they put GM Rom on here, I mean, would anybody listen to you? Romi? No. I invite whoever I let, read less than the homey than Romi. Probably dark guys out there. Yeah, well, what's with it? This guy's a good guy, of course, he's a fact. So he's not necessarily intimidated. But on you, other dark, you much oblacized that don't like to end Reno. What's wrong with you guys? Why don't you spin it out? I always do. Here's a mobile in Hailea, hello. We almost got through a whole show without any phones, you know, and you can tell you like that. Oh, it's all fixed. It's all straight now now. Edomoy, Duff. Edomoy, Duff. Edomoy, Duff. Edomoy, George. I'm not talking about my Georgeese application. George, of course, so. Edomoy, Bob, the muth, our goddamn rocket scientist engineering, maybe from the West Coast. You know, see if I'm, I'm like a corporate engineer. And I'm like headquarters in Naples for the beesleas. What does that tell you? What are rocket scientists? And by the way, Bob, the muth that buttoned the start to remote spots, so many air in four of Mars, it still doesn't work. Oh. Yeah, still don't work. So the PD over there, and he's the one that ought to be crying. That PD got to sit on the board for four hours and endure this show every day with no delay, by the way. Got to sit over there in four of Mars and play the spots. Because their engineering staff is in competent. Do I dare punch that up again? Hello. Oh. Oh. Oh. It's the witch doctor. Listen to that. Well, let me try again. Let me see if I can get a better connection. Hello. Is somebody on this line? Hello. It's line seven. Oh. Is there anybody out there? Oh. This is the next step of line. It sucks. What's going on here? Are phone phones. Okay. Let's hear the call from Atlanta. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I have two questions. I want to hang up. What was the answer to the overhead? Now, what's with the headphones? You're all screwed up again. Yes, sir. Actually. I'm not sure what we're saying about arena by Blacks. And I'm not sure. Well, what does that mean? That's what I'm saying. Oh, this is one thing. It was on a set of phones. It's just one crazy. Can you hear it? Does it sound like I'm talking in a bill? Sir? Okay. Let me see it again. John L.way and whoever else you mentioned don't play here. I understand that. But I mean, what was it? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. What was it in the first place? What was that? What was said is that Black guys don't like Dan Moreno because they're jealous of the fact that when he was his greatest years, that Mark Duper and Mark Clayton were the receivers were Black and didn't, they were great receivers which everybody knows. They didn't get the credit. He got all the credit and therefore they resented and they don't like him because basically he's a white guy. That's what he said. I've always liked Moreno. The thing is that he's never had a defense behind him like he has now. And the thing is, it's also a team effort which we're showing right now. Everybody is doing everything. What do you mean we are? I thought you were in Atlanta. I am. I'm not a fan. Are you in a dolphin fan in LA? Are you your bait in the South Coans? I feel pleased. Never. Okay. I think I might have one fan. I thought they might have one. No. After that, after that, fluke year they had last year. No, I'm not Atlanta anything. Good. No sir. Don't be one of those front running your bravest phone. You do this. Those are the funniest fans in the world. I mean, I don't see what you know, do for a claim. I really didn't have anything to do with that. But I'm thinking you asked me a question. I'm just giving you an answer. I mean, that's the excuse. What I'm hearing. That's the most excuse. That's the most excuse. Yeah, that's the piss force. You're right. Well, listen, pal, hang in there. All right. And the thrashes you're here tonight. Good. That's what I think. Have a great day, pal. Well, thrashes you for how do you like that? Oh. Yeah, this is what's going on here with these speakers with his overhead with a phone. This whole system is just blowing up. And our engineers are walking around. Oh, yeah. They can't get it right. They can't get it done. We almost had a semblance of a show here today until about 20 after one and a half to noon. And all of a sudden when we least expected it. What's on there? What's on there? Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Okay. I'm just a little bit of that all day and line 72 yesterday was line four today. It's line seven. Plus yesterday we had two or four of the lines that were asked up to. We had like half the phone was all screwed up. Day after day after day. I'm sitting here trying to do radio show and Greg we walks in and we're going to straight look on his face and oh gee well this thing. Hey looks at the phone like like he's going to see something like there's going to be things sticking out of it like like pop. Well, a little pinky is going to be sticking off of the side you know. Yeah, it's a piece of crap. Okay, Greg. It's like all your other equipment. The other beeslaze garbage reuse rehash swill. It's a piece of crap. Not ready for broadcast is what it is. Greg. Here's water day a lake. Hello. Hello. There's a. Oh, yeah. Okay. How are you in? Sister. This thing about the black guys in damn arena. What do you mean I'm just on that's what I'm hearing? This is don't believe the height. New. Yeah. Don't believe that. You like that hockey that Danny boy? Well, I like them arena. I told you that yesterday. Well, then why you call me again today? We don't need to hear it here today. Today's the leader is the one guy. And he's called me every day to prove a point. Yesterday was given out, pal. We believe you. Do we believe him? No. Well, maybe. What am I going to do about this? God, well, I just do the best I can. That's all we can do. So all we can do with is overhead with that goddamn line. Seven thing. One...... One. Oh, dear. Okay., my heart got stabbed. God. There you go, right there, the last 30 seconds, that's the epitome of Beastly Mead broadcasting ladies and gentlemen, that's our technical expertise to a T right there. Let's hear it for George Corso and Greg Reed and the Beastly Boys if they're out of jail this week. Let's hear it for all those guys. Jesus Christ, are you ever ever gonna get the message sir? No, no. You know, one day he's gonna walk in here there's gonna be like a little midget with like a three foot tall midnusser. He's sitting in this chair about a quarter in ten. He's gonna say, well where is Neil? Oh, he's long gone. Won't you him no more? Yeah, Johnny Palale with a harmonic cat. He's gonna be playing harmonic music between ten and two. Yeah, but we're Neil go, oh you won't see him. 26 after one at five, 60 WCOM. Oh We swear in my day, we look like it can't be decided. We sing like a bunch of silly items. I wish today our agent says we got to stay. We swear in my day, our biggest friends and 12 year old girls who think that as cute as can be, yeah, I think it's all that they all figured out We're hiding our late and see. One thing is for sure we can make you. All right, welcome. I want a delicate guy go, want to do the same to a fight. Remember this moment, I say knock. Every night, Well, three live a neckdoor. Aah. Twenty seventy fourtwo five sixty WC thrived. Eighth anh.depend in two languages pharmatically tonight. straight now today and hit about 20 million phone calls now this stuff at the overhead dinner volume and what would stuff that we almost never had before is coming in new stuff new crap kind of like kind of like what did this support me know when you want it just doesn't the how long queue can't stand like the wolf man doesn't how long to here's for miles hello hey Neil yes sir I was just wondering is that is everything's going around there this week with all the phone lines and everything what are you going to do in the high-key stop working and you can't get any of those noises anymore when the way when when your drop the noises that you know is this yeah working what are you going to do in those stop working I don't know I'll just do real I'll just do real ones here's the one yeah that was real I think Robert who says let me give you the real puppy or new one no it's a bright or cross and I can't talk to you because this is the phone is like feeding back into itself now our phone system is totally asked up by the way is there anybody in the building now we got an engineer program director anybody would an IQ bigger than there's some there no hold the whole listen to that the overhead just vanished and you only get any overhead stuff is like through the phone and it's all feeding back oh this this is a goddamn nightmare this joint it's unbelievable things that never happened before and now to do that developing and the general manager of my oh hey we're doing this we're doing that but I mean but oh yeah I'm really impressed man just give us a studio that works I know that's a little bit beyond your scope it's a little bit out of lever over there pound ninety six down all they got a studio man you can eat off the floor they got state of the art everything they got a phenomenal polatial eighty billion dollars studio they're buying the goddamn audience you give them a fifty billion dollars a day over here to my right you got to get them sports studio over there big gigantic place with fifty five microphones eighty five chairs a big certain like a real talk studio what do we got that's what we got pure on a duller rated that's what we got for the highly rated near rod your show garbage it's getting real old Greg it's getting real old Ian moldy you can smell it here's a mobile and Palm Beach hello yes sir how you doing okay those people to run that they sure bunch of goddamn assholes exactly couldn't have said it better myself hey I was here and you talk about all the different actions you have for the black rock yes sir and I got a new one for you yeah it's called the bones as in a phone the book's a phone that at the a p o n yeah what is that like a movie oh that's like a bunch of the bones planes the ball oh okay the bones no that's a back to home that's not a basket but a back to ball so big sub bones five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line thank you very much for your birthday come to the christian palm beach no shfarsers a lot of palm beach are there no Kennedy's won't allow it here's a poppin oh hello hey good afternoon Neil I want to your white Canadian non-racial listeners from when it beg many people when it beg them we got a lot of good white people up there yeah well that the Indians but uh but uh just you know listen into all the time on the radio some always on the road and stuff but I'll tell you going back a couple listeners that you had before the guy was talking about the hockey now so that guy went no Michael in from Katie Lane that's right how do you like this guy he's starting criticizing Rimmer and I say okay was he and you know Rimmer's like in the middle he knows what I think of his work he's you know you know he's acceptable hey what are you gonna do with Rimmer I mean you know yeah he's an old fart he's not gonna get any better he's not gonna get any worse you see what you see is what you get he's okay he doesn't good the decent job and especially compared to the knees he's fantastic but I mean you know this guy's gonna critique people at least give me some names okay and they says well like I from Pittsburgh I might like he's okay he's okay okay so I see he's probably in the top three and allzers in the NHL correct that's right but the goal and B number one in Michael and B number two do me fairer you know what you're gonna read being the swinging back and forth two and three with my client you need to be fair keep a little Mike Lane oh geez please they're kneel for the boys back to the end of you and boys and I'm gonna try well with that you can take that I'm a traffic jam boy to call it now I'm moving to the find it's on the way to the dark look for all my time give up my life that way all that great in both right doesn't know what I'm gonna cry or why does watch all right there you go a little bit of my client I'm gonna good move today for hockey because we got the big game coming up that I bet you we have at least 2500 people there tonight what do you say it's 25 25 people not 2500 just 25 I live without this overhead man I'm not worth a crap but of course thank God it shows almost over we'll come into borrow so you will kind of take the go high geez they can couple there at 2 a.m maybe it'll be something like thank you anybody listening around the world and in the internet that's it that's WQA and that's 560 if you thought it was embarrassing when you're right about that OJ business at the golf tournament and the OJ related expenses and all the humiliation and embarrassment these people don't embarrass easily okay to get my drift understand it yeah because when you're stupid as they are I mean you don't know what dumb is all about you follow me like the second day to write did that because it just it just gets right in it's perfect it's just perfect that's the second day to roll that's even this thing is not the right everything in here's a piece of crap where's Kathy Lee speaking of crap 21 me 4 to it's almost over baby it's gonna feel so good when the pain stops your QAM this is 560 QAM Jim Mandix talks 4 rackets right here a 4th review of 560 QAM if you blow too much you're in trouble we got them all today baby open that closet door here that's how it's so hard to be myself because the group that I am sounds like everyone else on the charts and the old days and we seem just like girls and we're really I think all right we thank you fourth we made crew who feed You think I'm confused I know you You know what bad idea Maybe it's for you, me The sounds of the bow If it proves self that a thing Yeah, we're being forgive And just love and voice on to you I'll show you back in kindness I'm just like a love I can't you I'm just confused Because of the magic Just for a few days Play me You're a bad way I can't be I know what you think But I know this one thing No matter now We all pass the truth But we're asking you to let me Just with a few days Hey Hey Maybe the final answer is a battle It's 16 till 25, 50 WCM It's me as a battle By the way, I finally threw a break Figure out why the black folks are so jealous And then you see there's this stereotype That black guys are like hung like a moose You know there's large, gigantic enormous penises And the Joe Rose was telling me this morning The Dan Reno, that you know of course the two have show together Now when they were playing together I'm talking like recently And he says Danny is hung, he says like that It was newsman So that's why you black guys are jealous Because Dan Reno just like Milton Burrell and Warren He breaks this stereotype of very short penis white guys You know in sports Like that Pavel of Burray Here's a couple of rage Hello Yes sir One name White Stevenson If the sparks are going to end Anybody over Dan Reno It shouldn't be super in Clayton It should be Dwight Stevenson Partly the best center that I played football Yeah, now do he have a large penis? Probably I'll take your word for it Okay, well I don't know I mean I knew I'd tell you Joe Rose probably knows he seems to know about those things Absolutely the best center And all the time His career was cut short And I'd enjoy And do he resent Dwight Stevenson because he was black No, no, absolutely not Do we resent Olando Marry because he's a tad in a white of course not I thought he was an Argentine Well we had a big discussion about that yesterday He's maybe from Argentina but he'd be a tad in Most of the Argentinians who come up here are from Italy There you go Initially Well who cares where he's from I mean you know he's without him they'd be in deep trouble They'd be in deep cramp No but if they didn't talk about some of this overworked And in terms of In a race Right Yeah, yeah, yeah I mean you got to understand That's not a sceter is not a glamorous position And any guy that bends down and you know Got comes up behind and puts his hands at it was cropped That's not a glamorous position But the wide receivers that's always been a Like Paul Warfield those got glamorous position You know briefly the glamorous position What is it? Briefly the glamorous position Yeah, well that's what Danny said Okay, have a great day pal Oh See Robert's got a strange look Like he doesn't understand that I think what the guy was trying to say was Were you fudge back him? Yeah something like that Oh you know what I just realized one of these speakers is out I think Really that's why we're having this problem I believe because I heard Matt let me try it again Were you fudge back him? Yes, you that's all over here There's nothing over there That's why the monitors wait up Maybe the speakers like disconnected or disconnected And this can pop you out Or maybe just a cheap piece of crap Maybe that's the problem Like all the other beastly stuff Maybe it's just a cheap piece of turd Yeah, I guarantee that this speaker over here on my left That one's working and this one's not so that when I had to crank the thing up Or you'll have to start speeding back through the phone And you get awful the horrendous sounds like But what do you say it's by the way? This is a beautiful music It's a powerful music It's a beautiful music It's a beautiful music It's a powerful music It's a powerful music The comedy and the falsest and the Q&A And the Polis What's that music? Besides that, it'd be bad, baby This one I thought we could actually hear it Then all of a sudden the Wolfman starts again Oh my god, this is amazing There's not another radio station in America Even the kids just pipe her higher Laughing up their sleep and they're laughing her as is all Which by the way, speaking of kids I hesitate to mention this on the air You know, looking to give the horse in them up Because at least this year I'm like in past years You know, the kids that hang out in the street corner When I'm driving right and I'm working in the morning I leave the house and I drive I'm like right on my corner there Waiting for the school bus And there's like the high school kids We were going to be before I get up And then there's like the little punky kid And they're like four different groups Now unlike the kids in the past years That when I would drive by That's the stuff which I didn't bother me But I mean that's what you expect from a little punky stupid This year is actually like a few kids That pretend they're like me with a new who I am Like they wave they're like friendly That's a lot of steps pleasant Because when you meet anybody that's friendly down here It puts a little bit like my friend Sylvia At the turn bike who by the way Wish me happy birthday when I left on Friday Is that drove home? Thank you Sylvia That's where you sweet are, she's the best But anyway, so like this, you know, these are the same The same same people the same kids Like I know them, not by name I know them They know who this morning I get back out of my garage I get up to the corner there I give away, you know, there's like half of it Doesn't kids down the cross They look at me like I would say Yeah, yeah Give me like a blank look I thought, okay, did I pee on your parade guys? What's the story, huh? Kind of like this place, you know? Look at I'm elevated with scranious things You think something's going to talk to her It's kind of like that deal in me, verse She's got the nerve to be opening up a mouth saying hello to me I don't want to talk to you in the school I don't want to know from you, I don't want to speak to you I don't want to see you, I don't want to smell you Or Come here, good friend Oh, what a thought that is Here's a mobile and pepper pie, tell him Well, Neil Yes sir, how you doing, Nick? Okay, I'll get feedback again Oh, this is killing me, go ahead, I'm sorry I have a knife, catch all the show ladies, anybody Why not? Why not? Why are we listening to between ten and noon sir? I was working Okay I know that you've had an idea The other station out there because we're doing a survey If we find out anybody is, we're going to send look at Broughts here Over Did anybody mention that the scum set no printed last week's hot These schedule on a paper Monday and Tuesday No No I get idiot, my buddy Chuck and I are sitting there last night Waitin' to watch the penguin lose again And here they're not on Oh And so we go to the center ice to make sure we look And there's nothing on there So it's okay, well it's a scum set no yet You have to just understand it, they're screwed up I have my wife going the internet to NHL.com She prints out the penguin schedule Yeah And on the schedule it's got the game on the 20th with the penguins here It's got it as being on a 19th on the NHL schedule So I had a toss out when the trash And I guess tonight I'm up to go on a penguin website and there That's all I could hockey information we get down there And they wonder why we have no fans Yeah Alright, I'll just...