4.3.0.5.60. Now that you QAM, Miami Force Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. I talked to Neil called 5.6.7.0.5.60. Told free for David Broward for the own 5.60 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is... Yes, callers are anyone else on the show? Do not necessarily reflect those of them. You are a beastly reader. No, no, no, no, no. We brought him. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 5.6. QA. Now, Ramos, KWP, FFG. R-E-C-P-I-O-N. It's a record time. Oh, pick up my shoes. Drop off my dress. It makes me wet when I see you, yes. Sports court. Up there, give rags to... Get to it. Big four, high, bow. I want it. Mercer, nary, and unsubbub, you. And take it up by lubricated boots too. If we're in a wrecked time, and Neil, take through the wall. OK. We are E.T.T.I-O-N. I want to drink more balls. I want to laugh slowly out of the window to throw the ice. And then I'll give it a blow. Here's a morning issue. As they get to us. As we've done two years, they go to the track on the surround. And they're closing too. And they do wonder where they're flowing through. That's on the red, uh, and it's on circle side. E-R-G-C-P-I-O-N. I want to drink more balls. OK. We're still in a set just in the track. If you can't see them, I don't hear much overhead. We're today. George, I don't want to start getting picky right off the bed. That's OK. I'll crank it up in here. How's that? Oh, geez. Pretty weak. It's worth only a week. One? It's worth always it. OK. Well, that's a way to go. Say, look at this. Wait until you see what I got in my hand right now. No, not that. Not this early in the morning. Woo! Have the duty, baby. I got a check. I got my check for 125 bucks for the reimbursement for my, uh, Panther playoff ticket. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh my god. Well, that's good, because now it's up to then to get some money back from Wayne. You don't want to say it. You can either reply it to her next year and let or maybe they can deduct the $125 bucks from all those broadcast rights from the $40 million that they still are Wayne and John Henry. That sounds good. All right. Got my money back because guess what? All right. Playoff. You don't have to laugh. I always have to laugh at Greg Co. Takes you such a silly little person Greg. You're such a BDI little twerp. Lose the math. Cat sees his over. No. See, the reason I corrected Corey Sabine yesterday is because I thought, since this is supposed to be the sports station supposed to be. I mean, we don't want to go on here with all these errors. Do we do we want to make all these mistakes? Give out false information. Make up Tony trades on April Fool's Day. Tell people that if they lose life, they're mathematically eliminated, even though they're not even though we knew we should go there not going anywhere. Is that what we want to do? Oh, sorry, Corey. No, I was trying to protect the credibility because it's, you know, young guy like Corey Sabine who's trying to work his way up in this sports business who isn't willing to do it on his knees like some of the other people around here evidently. Have you noticed that? You know, this has some of the other people like really move up the ladder we are fast. I don't want to mention no names, but boy. And then you're looking at some of the other underlings like Josh and Jason and Corey, who might be going out? The beast? Huh? Poor Joe Costello who's just in here got to work a six day. Just to try to eke out a living here with that Tony auto racing show his every Saturday morning at six. Oh, if I got some good stories today, by the way, met a lot of nice people at the game last night, terrible, terrible, awful horrendous, rotest game, but met a lot of nice people there last night. At the, uh, macarina. See, and you know, something I'm starting to come around to your way of thinking. You know, I'm wrong. I mean, like when I go to the air can to the center to run with this weekend, I'll be watching a hockey game, the Panthers in the Maple Leafs. I'll be there to see a hockey game with a crowd of where they're to see a hockey game. But when you go to the macarina, it's losing time. You know, it, I got to tell you this. There were a lot of Bruins fans. In fact, it was a, it was not a good crowd. By the way, let's hear it. Let's hear it for our Panther fans even though they don't know what's going on. Oh, yeah. What am I telling? Did I predict on this show yesterday? We'd have more people at the macarina last night than the Marlins. And of course, in the heat, because the arena, the older arena, only holds 15,000, 200. Here it is right here. They got the comparisons right here in the paper. And they are sentinel. Heat, stifles, Dallas, tickets all 15,000, 200. That's a sellout. But that's all that holds in that little tiny building over there. Two blocks from the big new spaces building. Well, 15, too. Marlins get battered, 6,000 by the Metz. tickets all 13, 8, 45. Now, I really don't have any way of knowing how many people were actually show up at those two joints. The Panthers tickets all 18,087. Oh, far and away the best. Now, naturally, they didn't all show up. But I would say we had made a couple thousand empty seats. I'd say last night, there were about 17,000 people in the joint. Outstanding. Considering we got a horse crab team, long since really out of the playoffs realistically, they're playing a five losses in a row now, just disaster. But we had a good time and spite of it. So, when a Bruin scored, I forget which one of their five goals, but one of the early ones. Off to my right. And we had a lot of Bruin fans here last night, because they could get the tickets. You know, some of the Panthers fans, they showed their true colors. They went someplace else to watch some other crappy team like they watched the Marlin Blues. So, when the first goal goes in there and there's some guys behind us who are obviously Bruin fans. And one guy says, who obviously also hasn't been at the McAureen of before, where is the red light? I turned around to it. You expect Wayne to spend five bucks for a ball? Are you out of your mind? You expect to be able to see the red light? And everybody went scored, scored, scored, and peed in their pain. I mean, you know, what are you thinking about, sir? This is the way we do it. I'm slow. I must confess I'm old. I'm a little slow to catch on. But this is what we go there for. We smooth. We hang out. We eat some of that crappy food if you like that overpaid over price food. We sit there and watch the kids almost fall out of the balconies on the ice. It's running and pushing each other and shoving in the adults too for those t-shirts. The Panthers patrol. There's snap at the crowd. Saw our good old friend Steve Stanciler. Again, there's a good guy. A lot of bad people in this business, but there's some good ones. Steve Stancil, he got screwed over with the GTR. Am I right? Wasn't that where he was? And then he went over to Wazay to got screwed over there. So he told me he's getting out of the business. Nice, god. Oh, he's going to the voice over business. He's going to do commercials and stuff like that. And best of luck, hand. There's a good guy. Steve Stancil, Mitch Lewis, not a good guy. He didn't hear. I'm going to say he left already. I like. He went to LA. Mitch Lewis. You know, Mitch Lewis. Oh, yeah. Or, rectum. Yeah, that's Mitch Lewis. I told him when he called that day to say he was bailing out. I said, Mitch, your memory will always live as long as I'm on here here because. Oh, and rectum. Our number one and two with a bullet. That's right. Your legendary man. All over time to go and. Oh, in memory of Mitch Lewis. Good guys. And there's smart enough to get out of the business, especially down here. Yes, these danceels are catch, Dan, Claire, Chad, and more. Can't stand it. Oh, that's what he said. Yeah, we were taking a leak together there in the T-Rome. In fact, it'll probably write that in his diary. He was down there doing the in-between period stuff like that. He always does the introduce the missedy stance from, say, to four. So maybe he's still on the ear. And maybe I shouldn't have said that. No, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, Ha ha ha. Oh, I hope I didn't do that again. Oh, please tell me. I didn't do that again. Let the cat out of the bag. That would be like my going on here and telling you that we got somebody in the sales department who's on drugs. I don't mean I'm not talking about legal drugs. You know prescription drugs. Riddle in. Yeah. What's wrong with that? That's legal. He's just a little, he's just a little, he's just a little, Ha ha ha ha. Yeah. And then we also got a guy in the sales department. Oh, this, this Steve Noodleberg story. I don't want to rush that. That's worth a segment. That's worth an hour. There is something so bizarre and strange in this place. Something so amazing that I don't think we'll ever read this cover. We know a little bit around the edges around the surface of it. Obviously, the obvious parts, you know, which parts, the ones that kind of fit into each other. But other than that, there's something just peculiar that doesn't meet the eye in this place. Especially when it comes to sales holes. And I say sales holes literally and figuratively. Because I've never worked anywhere where people like leave and they get fired, they come back and they get fired again and they leave and they come back and they sue people and they still come back and they sue them again. There's something really strange going on here. But thanks, Miriam, for bringing my my, a panther playoff money back. Oh yeah. Jim go to the track tonight anyway. Can you imagine a good time like a never this tonight? I mean a wild great time at Pompeo Park. No, no, no. Why do I get on my path? Yes. Oh, you rock. You rock, don't you think? Make the girls your hands. There's a double heart fight. You're a boy. You're a boy. Let's fly. All right. Oh, my God. I'm not. There's a little girl. Never thought you'd be high. A sports court. There's a big thing. They're beautiful and it's fine. All my eyes and they're beautiful. You go crazy when it's bad. Who's when the figure lives that are yet? What if still my hand? It's such my chest. What if lose? The ruin my best became my dream. And in my life, it'll always make me feel fine. It's the same. So beautiful and it's mine. Everyone. Stay safe. Everyone. All right. All right. You're our favorite. I know a lot. I'm not gonna let you get the power. I'm not gonna let you get the power. All right. That's it. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. Why not picking it up the board? There is a kick kick which is in a head. We on one break, Harold's the real man both defense for the end of the work. Yeah, we're going to go. Oh, we're going to go. Let's go, Harold. Let's try heavy goals. He's second in the game to the board. First strike, both teams. Back to the goal for peril. Round on the board is forbearers. So the point to Barat again. Okay, just kept in. We're just like, sorry. He's down in four. Yeah, like, Barat! So, we're just like, so they're playing on the air. How about four, and go on, Mike? He's the four, and he's here. We're both organic for all last night in Toronto. Nice going, Joe Bon. 10 16 to 5 60 QM. Well, I just wanted to show you. There was something exciting going on in a hockey world last night. And he only had to, it wasn't just in his Carter. Famous Anis for the Bruins, but they had a four, what would you call that? What does a hat shirt plus one? Whatever they call it, pretty damn good is what I call it. Four goals for organic for row has the least continued sizzling and smoking at Baby. They're doing it. They are on fire. Anybody here know who that is, Joe Bon? No, good. Let's keep it that way. I'll just keep talking about stuff that nobody, and by the way, the people at the arena last night tremendously enjoyed your performance yesterday. I'm talking to the audience. All these bozos that call that. Five, that's number 172. Isn't that that, Ray Borke? Yeah, they loved it. They were peeing in their pants. Let's show. So there you go. Just keep pushing on your fat. Back home, the world and they like it. They like life and nature. They like life and everybody, including me. By the way, I didn't realize the premiere of China was Jewish. Did you? Huh? So let me ask you, what'd you say? Is there Mr. Rue Jew? Oh, I... Try these periard Jew? Oh, you didn't know what the bubble this morning. I think you like that. You, that goes to show you. Okay, people think we're not reproducing fast enough. The Jews are taking over China. Oh, I... Premier Jew. They thought it was eating one ton soup turned out to be crap-lock at second-hand inspection. By the way, what is the difference between crap-lock, ravioli and one ton? Huh? Nothing. Can you be sure though, are you sure? Have you checked the meat inside of the little envelope? No. Inside of that little foreskin? Have you checked the meat inside? Or were you the one-on? Or was it the one-on? What? It's pork inside the one-on. It's pork inside that foreskin? Or was it expected to be? So anyway, get back to Steve Nudelberg. No, I don't know where to start today. I'm just... I am just... The bubbling over with crap today. I could do a 40-hour show today, but I don't want to do that because we got Kim Boe, Boe, camper, filling in from Shulis today for Hank who's doing that golf tournament. Everybody else not playing golf, we're here working over our hot microphone. But it's where good causes for charity, right? And that what it's for? Thanks. Thanks. Thank you all for golf. That was funny. Two for junior achievement, whatever they're doing. Helping our young people value education, understand business and economics, and be workforce ready. So that maybe they can come over here at QAM, and work for like minimum wage. Like most of those pork punks do. Ron, I want to call... Hey, you want some free tickets to the game device? That's what that's all about. In fact, I don't think most of those kids even get paid. They just give them crappy tickets that nobody also will take. By the way, did we get somebody calling in and say, thank you for those tickets that I gave away yesterday? Did that guy call yet? No. Say thank you very much. That we put our nose right up there against the glass, and so that future performance by the cat's last night. Woo! I mean that was extra bad. Who was worse, you think Robert Staylor or Peter Ratchuk last night? I mean just unbelievably horrendous growth test. In that, I mean mind boggling. But like I said, we're not paying to see hockey games there. We're paying for a... It's like when you go to a... One of those dance places, you know? You know, the old people they pay and they go to those ballroom dancing places. What do they pay for that? You know, they pay in admission, right? I guess. A few bucks. And they go in and they smoothed their dance, and maybe they get laid later on if they're lucky or not. Maybe they take something home of them like a disease. But that's what it's about. And I would pay our admission price. And maybe there's a little excitement out there. Maybe the big black guy will be a couple of guys up. We'll get outside of the about that. But even if not, you know, we still have an opportunity to smooth and hang out. Talk with everybody, even the people we don't like. Look around in the crowd, get our binoculars out. Say, hey, look at that. I know I find myself doing that. The games even more so than ever lately. Looking around in the crescent, oh yeah, look at that. Wow. Getting emotional about it every now and then. So we're getting back to Steve Nudelberg. How do I mean, you are more about this story than I do? Probably people in the audience are asking, what is a Steve Nudelberg? First of all, that name, you know? Wouldn't you change your name if you were born with a name like that? Hey, my name is Steve Nudelberg. It sounds like something David Letterman would make up. Doesn't it? It sounds silly. Just silly name. Nudelberg. Sounds like a nudie character on a really bad sitcom. And he is. He's a really bad character in this really bad sitcom called The Life of QAM. So I forget which day it was. I get an elevator. I've already told this. I get down this and instead of going all the way to the first floor, which is thank God almost always does. It stops at the second floor and in steps Steve Nudelberg, the anxious one, who had left this place just before I started and George said, boy, are you lucky? How come they never closed the door? I mean, all those people are lucky those things. What? One of those things? No, no seriously. Why don't they do that? Why don't they close the door? They want you to have to get up out of the chair and take that thing off your head and rush over there. Not that we want to start picking on our friends around the building, but we're going to carve your water by the way. We're going to tell the Coligan man. Cut out by the way. Yes, lean more water. Coligan man. Already? I thought you were just nudging them for this last weekend. Huh? Hey, Coligan man, we need more water. They love me by the way, the Coligan people. They were here yesterday. They love me. They're obsessed with me, the Coligan people. In fact, they even put something special in my water, which I can't tell you what it is. I think they put something special in Steve Nudelberg's water to make him be like that. Although George says when he was doing the production more class two years ago, before we started on the air, that he was actually pretty, what a good day. He was one of the better ones. I don't know. Don't say he was a good guy. That's not what you said before. Why, you know, you're changing. I'm not. Yesterday you tried to back out where you would say about it. I figured it was yesterday that you were trying to suck up to. And now you're saying that not. He was all right. You were just a little bit more. I'll remember. You were all right. Whenever we were stuck around the yesterday that you've been ripping off. Oh, Rick Riley. I have never changed my mind about Rick Riley. What does that mean? That mean we had our difficulties, but we ended on a positive note. We ended our senses before we left. What does that have to do with changing your mind about them? Because you always said, he's an asshole. Always every time I ask you, what do you think of Rick and you's an asshole? Yeah, but he can have a good day's to. So another decent asshole who has good days. Now Steve Nittleberg, you would say to me, because he left like the second I started. WDQAM. Hello. I see I knew it couldn't possibly be real cock. Because I'm busy talking about stuff. And I didn't want them to keep bringing there, you know. What? No, that was important. But anyway, you told me that thank God he left because I did not. WDQAM. Oh, what are we stuck? Say there you go. Thank you. I was talking about Joe Klein. Thank God he left. No, you said Steve Nittleberg or not. Or maybe somebody else in the sales department will be the one. Because they said that he was just wackier than a fruit fly. WDQAM. Tom's an asshole. No, you're wrong about that, sir. That's wrong. Tom delivers one of the really good guys in this business. This understood little trophy, but a really good guy. I need to look at that. I don't want to talk to these people that don't answer him. I'll get to them. WDQAM. I was nice to see you last night, by the way. I'll blow it out your ass and you. You know, this guy, seriously, you need mental help. He come. He actually walks by and you know, I just ignored pretending. I didn't see that that tub and I was still friends. I said, no, we're not. Go to hell away. You asshole. Was not nice seeing you. In fact, other than the fact that the game sucked, I'm going to try to examine in my mind, which was worse. Seeing Andy from Hollywood or watching that game. And by the way, the guy in front of me, you were right. They did bench fail in the third period. I didn't even notice because I saw 20 something out there. I thought it was 29. Garper law was playing. It is a defense spot. I was going to EM better late than ever sweetheart. Terry Murray, Brian Murray. Well, Packus, allow me sandwiched back. Maybe Mitch can make you some shummarine sandwiched for the bus trip out of town after those last five games. After that Tampa game, we from Saturday. Maybe Mitch can pack you shum going away. Shummarine sandwiched for the people in the organization who are coming back. VM and T.M. And then I'm reading these things in the paper like, oh well, you know, if they don't. And I hear these torps this morning, guilty in the depot. Well, you know, next year if they don't make the plus, how many chances did they get? How many years do they get? Who the hell are you people kidding? So what was I talking about? Steve Noodleberg. Right. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM, hello. I have a role. WQAM. And there's big. Them sounds old. Oh, oh. Well, see, there's a lot of emotion because people are pissed off, you know. See, why don't you take, see, we can't get in sync. That's the problem. We can now that I'm finally adjusting the whole ambience out there at the macarina. And realizing it's not a question to go out there and see your team play a good game or be competitive or even win maybe once in a while. We're going out there to shumoose around and hang out. Stels wrong with you people. At bargain basement prices like that, 57 bucks a game. You want to see a good team too. Tells your own with you. Get with the program or send Steve Noodleberg to your house. So let me get back now. Joe Klein. Who the hell is that? He was a little leaping gnome with a big hair and yeah, genuine asshole. Oh, really? A genuine asshole. So another would you say Steve Noodleberg is not an asshole? No. He was just another snake whale salesman. But he, uh, because the words that I'm hearing around the building this morning is that he left here to go to that thing called 101 sports. It was on the year for about five minutes that we're going to drive this place in the ground. It was going to be the other competing. And there's not women as market for one all sports station. And these idiots thought there was going to be two. Anybody believe that? And they went over there and ran around Toronto, crashing this place to everybody. And all QAM sucks and the Gregory's a bull's a well. And stuff like that. I will say this about Steve Noodleberg. Yes. He knew how to grease the wheels of progress. Right. Do you know how to grease it? Oh yeah. And the wheels too. I know who else is around here knows how to grease it. Roy. And the wheel too maybe. So we'll get back to the Steve Noodleberg's during the second because they sued him over his non-competiting that he went over there to uh, it was sports 101, which was on the year for like I said six minutes. And then he comes and he sued them and won in court. He sued them and won. And then after that they ran back. Oh my god. Are these people dumb or what? He ought to be national sales manager in about a month, right? I thought we already had 14 national sales managers. By the way, anybody seem very peri-lately? No. I guess we must have missed our Tuesday morning meeting this week. 10 26 at 5.6 to in the last of 20 weeks. At 5.6 to WQAM, you're we hire anybody in sales department station. I just want to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm asel. I'm going will die. I'm going to die. I did die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. All of the creatures areולם. Detective scenarios change. Peter Sarimi, hurry up. That plan was greatly considered considerable risk. But you've seen it Jr. Another rucksack. You're going to die. Just to recover my accident. Looking at the very bottom in the tiny brint. by his hanging around the tax machines over there. Because some of the stuff that we get, I mean, yesterday, well, I even read some on here. I mean, vicious. Why don't target, but really vicious, malicious. Like, that's hanging people, your enamelosebitch side by side from their balls, only at least we know molosebitch has got some. Unbelievable stuff. So anyway, it says here in a Jose's column, and I won't want to, oh, that's right. I can listen to Jose and the Aburc Daniel show this afternoon between three and six on stupid stuff. Like, I can be listening to him. No, no. Hey, bro. No. We won't be listening. But anyway, so Jose writes this morning, all those years of sucking up to local politicians while at the Harold finally paid off for rest columnist Ron Issueway, now the spokesman for the Broward County State Attorney's Office. The Hollywood City Commission declared Wednesday, Ron Issueway. How do you like that? That's a little, uh, addendum to the story that I read you yesterday about Ron Issueway of the, uh, suckle, formerly from the Harold columnist. Now being a, and off of the suck. It's right. A Broward State Attorney's Office, suckle. I was going, Ron, and by the way, I'm still on the air. I know it's disgraceful and distasteful as it is to you. Here I am still on the air. Oh, man. And this, here's the thing from a few days ago that I forgot because we know, I'll get to the Howard Kleinberg thing here. There are two of my favorite people in America by the way, as Mr. Mrs. Howard Kleinberg, there's two great upstanding citizens. Howard Kleinberg, a former editor, the now defunct Miami news. Well, we had some good fun in those days and even though we denies it, he did fall asleep on my show one time. Huh? Well, hey, I would have fallen asleep to those boring shows I used to do years ago. Those all talking to dead people in the audience. Howard was a guest on the show at INZ one night and I look over during the, during the show, not during a break. And I'm asking them some questions or some collar was drooling on. And Mr. Kleinberg, you think that the world is going to come to an end and Howard's over this head in his hand like that. Great title. And he brought me a copy of an article at the road because we've had some bad information and I'll say this for later because the thing with the internet is devastating. Do you realize that the most of you don't I don't think? I mean to what extent maybe you do. It's not like we had the virus, you know, that what was it called? The moddy bell. Yeah, it was the moddy bell of virus that we had last week when as soon as you punched your computer on it will go. Maybe it was near as a scatter. The moddy bell of virus. But they find it caught that guy that asshole that was like school and up everybody's computer with all those funny messages. And not it's not just things like that with viruses. It's all the misinformation. And like I said, when you punch something up when you're looking for one of the search engines like on a Yohu, which is down five points by when you're looking on there and it says, okay, here are the first 10 of 42 billion, 780 million possibilities. You know, there's a lot of crap on that internet. So yesterday they had a stock scam. I was watching CNBC about three 30 yesterday afternoon and what's his name? David, what's the young guy? Whatever his name. Oh, you don't watch that because you haven't used stock slipper. David, uh, gee, I can't believe there's Joe Kernan and David, whatever his name is, I should know all those guys. Well, we know Ted David, I'm going to take David call the show that one day from the good guy. David, uh, so anyway, he's telling the story about this scam that was on the internet yesterday morning, hyping up this stock about how something allegedly happened. It was going to go through the roof and the stock went up 25% in the first few hours of training. And then around noon time, these guys were planning the misinformation on the internet. And there's nothing in the business section. I need to pay for this morning. I scoured both business sections. Was there anything there? No, of course not. And it was a scam. All in this information was bull crap. You know, it was on one of those stock pick, uh, you know, one of those websites. And all these people got sucked into it. And then the guys have put around their sold and took their profit. But even at that point, 330, it was still up about 10%. Because no, the rest of the people were still getting sucked into this thing and hadn't caught on yet that old he was a scam. So just because it's on the internet doesn't mean it's so. In fact, there's a good chance that it's absolutely totally a pile of crap. Right. How would you like that? In fact, wouldn't that be caused for you to start like, you know, like, you guys are walking to the post office and picking up. It would be enough to make me like walk into our sales department and just, I mean, not to say, got anything to do with it. But you got to take your frustration out on somebody. When the whole sales staff is on Riddlein, to try to keep them from bouncing up the walls. I wonder if that boy's on Riddlein. Thanks, y'all. Hey, if you can put it in your mouth, if it's edible, kill it. Trust me when I play it. That's what he told me. I said eat this. So I'll get back to the amazing scam that Howard Kleinberg got to tell me. It has to do with Oprah and at Tommy Hill finger think I think it must have been some of the maybe Calvin Klein on it. Huh? Somebody who's jealous of the great success because even the smarts are big into the Tommy Hill finger thing you wanted to. Why? They don't know what's the fact thing yet. That's right. See, it's bad enough that there's still on the wrestling team because nobody told them. Here, I'm trying to help you guys out. I know it's bad for your image when you get involved in these things and you write your resume. You say, oh, I was on a wrestling team and how do you like my Tommy Hill finger? I put in everybody's going to like that. You know, like like, yeah, like that. The whole answer is so. This is your buddy. Any question? No. Yeah. Dear, a lettuce. I don't know if you remember me because I was the guy's house you said on fire last you. God, I miss you. Even though you blew up my car, caught on my hair off, I miss you girl. But one quick question. Do you think you could let me know when you might blast me out of this image? No. No one's expecting a week's month. I'm not complaining. Don't misunderstand me because I love you with all my heart. But if you happen to see my mother, please let her know I'm not dead yet. Dear, a lettuce. I want to tell you that. The guy you saw with your best friend as wasn't me. He might have looked at talk just like me, but that surely purely coincidental. I was so weird near that place. I love you too much to look at anyone else. Dear, a lettuce. I had a dentist appointment that day and I was so weird near the shared metal lit hotel. I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good. Please, all those rarely sads all that money. And take them out. Let me out and pick them up. It works the lotion in the basket. Then 44 or 560 WDQM. Don't trust anybody I told you before. A minute times, then L.A. is so anyway, getting back to this internet scan. Howard Kleinberg writes, an email message last week was addressed to me in 15 others. At the bottom of the page, I was able to see that the sender along with another 15 person. Received it from someone else. What he passed along to me and all those others was an extension of a Vimal hoax. My friend didn't recognize it as such and us compounded it. The gist of what he said began, I'm sure many of you watched the recent taping of the Oprah Winfrey show where her guest was Tommy Hilfinger. What? It felt like a finger. What fond of it was a report claiming that clothing was under Tommy Hilfinger when I don't Oprah Winfrey's TV show and said he didn't make his close for African Americans, his Spanish, Jews. All in Asians that he made them only for upper class white people were upon Oprah ordered him off for show. Immediately upon reading that warred flag, soon in front of my face, when I, more than I might see it, I may day rally Howard says, if such a thing ever occurred on TV, especially the Oprah Winfrey show, it will be front page news and Hilfinger's name and product returned to instant mud. That was the apparent goal of the email to destroy the Hilfinger name and line. The email demanded a boycott of Hilfinger products. Let's give Mr. Hilfinger what he asked for. Let's not buy his clothes. Let's spread the words of what this one buys clothes either at said and spread the word they did. What a vicious lie it was and to make matters worse what my friend was passing on a mean late March was something that first appeared on the Web and December and has been denied by both when free and Hilfinger ever since. Fact, Hilfinger never was on the a win free show. They've never met each other. It did not happen. It did not happen. Got it? Yet the lie is endured and the appeals to ethnic and racial needier reaction remain alive. Spreading out to more and more people. We're in how to this start. I can't be certain how it says but surfing the web. I was able to track the exact text back to a website called IWW News. It was dated December 23rd, 98. I don't know what IWW News is other than their constant references through its website listening to Revolutionary Unionism. Along with a cause, anyone with a cause who got as much right to the internet as anybody else, eventually have over there's got to be something established to deal with internet lies, hoaxes and liables without endangering our first member rights or since the web is worldwide, the rights of other people in other countries, placing limits on speeches and risky business. But what needs to come out of this hoax, cited in the Hilfinger denial, was being the same story spread about designer Liz Playboard in 1992, is for the gullible people who realize that what appears on the internet ain't as our regership and wrote necessarily so. It ain't necessarily so. Remember that? No. I do. There have been hoaxes before. We'll continue to be in 1997 a lot of people, including former JFK press Chief Pierre Sallinger made fools of themselves, abiding the internet initiated report that a US Navy missile took down TWA's slide 800. Remember that? And I read that book about that whole thing and then the book disappeared? There's a whole book about it, which I read. In fact, even my copy of it disappeared. Oh, oh, boy. Seriously, it must have been the two per capita. Must have ate it. Maybe Jeff Heide and the book too. Eventually it says the originator of this unprintable hoaxed, another one he did was a reckless mistake indeed. Don't even accept unconditionally the photos you see on the internet or anywhere for that matter as they can be falsified with computer software. You want a photo of Meg Ryan out fishing with it off Hitler, piece of cake. And the helping her hoaxed the knee jerk versus Dan Ray. If I got that much of that wasn't even Brad Pitt's penis by the way. Huh? Don't you remember that? Everybody remembers that? That wasn't Brad Pitt's penis. It was like a thin like I'd like a 10 year old kid. Christal Mighty. It says in the helping her hoaxed the knee jerkers who stand ready and won to destroy people in business. It's based on an unsubstantiated report can be most dangerous. I would guess that thousands of people received the boycott helping her email during the past two months in shamefully did just that. These are great days for cynics like me says Howard Kleinberg. So much to do so much to this rust. We need more cynics and less sheep. Oh, Howard. Nice going Howard. How do you like that? He did a little homework actually found out which website originated this bull crap. It turns out to be yet just another pile of total unmitigated crap. Right. See, I got sucked into it because somebody told John he told me he called it on the show. He was never even on the show. He never even met that dark-complexed bitch. How do you like that? That's fat Oprah bitch. This disgusting piece of turd that's got the women of America mesmerized and still nobody can figure out why. What's it all about? Does anybody know? No. Huh? Do you know what it's all about? I sure don't. All the years that I've been doing the show I've never had one person call the show and admit that they watched the Oprah Winfrey show. And I hope it continues that way. I think it's a fix. I don't think anybody watches that show. Because I'll tell you one thing. I go and count. You know, like the bookstores you're going to bookstores the Oprah Winfrey. What do they say? Promoted endorsed, uh, were suggested reading by Oprah. And I go in a store as 100 times a week, not to buy any books just to count the books to make sure nobody bought any. Never yet saw one last book that there was the first time. Nobody's buying those books. It's all a scam. It's all an LC-de-bordant-cow scam. Ever seen the two together? No. That's some good facts as part of it. And how come there was nothing to paper about that stock scam from the internet yesterday? They should be warning you, okay? Your newspapers again falling down on the job. But instead of that, they're writing at a tourals in the hero about how much they like to God billboards, which I'll get to in a few minutes. You people of the hero knew far-bition ago I'm over there. I'll tell you one thing. You can tell an organization blows. Really sucks if there's no Jews in it, okay? That's right. My name is Harold. They need Jews there except Bob Rubin and they got he's writing like, uh, little scab sports stories. Now they stuck him way in the back of the bus at the hero. I mean, they're a little slow over there. I mean, Rubin, to me, is obviously a Jewish name. It took them 10 years to catch on. He's way in the back of the sports department now. And very jackass, well, no, you know what they say. He's like, free though. Well, how about Wayne Hypinga? Any Jews up or way up in that organization? No, no. Maybe that's why he finally just got around to paint those poor bastards. Those construction workers that they had to go to court. Look at that arena workers finally paid and they had to wind up paint top dollar, too, by the way. I was going Wayne checks for about 960 grand. When out this week, the subcontractors will pass them on the under carpenters, electricians and other construction workers who built a beautiful rectal center and sunrise. And more checks will follow in the next few months as the Panthers comply with court orders to obey the county's law on pay rates for the construction of public buildings. As Wayne once again, tried to, well, you know, pull the fast one. I mean, he pulled the fast one on Greg Reed, but does that take any talent? No. Wait, anybody can do that. Why is they hired us? What does that tell you? So here's a series of facts. As one says Jorge Moskanoci Boulevard equals glory-hole Boulevard. Okay. Here's another one that says believe it or not, they're actually our Chinese Jews. How's premier Jew doing by the way? Oh, hey. Do you see him this morning? They're actually our Chinese Jews in a very small section of the province. I love smoking a bowl and listening to you yesterday was amazing. Says whoever wrote this smoking a bowl. Yeah, I love those many economists. And also it says, by the way, you'll be interested in this George Rick Rodney is the right Wayne Christian asshole is what it says. Yeah. And what's the point? Here's another good. Great. That is bad point. No, in other words, you've got his good point. Oh, in other words, that's the good point. It's a big part of the problem. Here's another one that says Andy, why don't you go sit in the middle of the street and suck your own **** get a life pass? And as Holo's what it says, see Andy would be able to do that if he had a **** unfortunately he's probably going to have to work on Greg's. No, not not our Greg Greg from Boeton Beach or our Greg, you know, whoever. Speaking of that, this is a good segue by the way going from that to this. Suck on the corporate **** people's here. This is another facts from inside a clear channel. I think birthday nil's a senator. Oh, do I be signed this one? Not. Look at that. It's sign babbling fill in the blank. Suck on the corporate **** people's here. Only your dignity. A dignity. Come on, suck it. Choke on it, Pete. Choke on that corporate ****. It's only your dignity. Suck it. It's only your dignity. Suck it, Pete, hold your socket. Choke on it like a good boy. Choking on corporate **** good boy. From inside and it's signed Rana Wolfe. Oh, I'm not sure. Is it? I don't know. Maybe. Why? They hate you like poison over their Pete. Every time I'm at the hockey game is more and more the queer channel, people keeps stopping by saying hi. Tell me stories. How they hate you like poison. The assassin. The first three letters of assassin are. Welcome. That's right. S. And that's you, Pete. Head to toe. A walking ass. A miracle of the human nature. A walking ass. Can't you visualize that right now? An ass on two legs. Like something in Mad Magazine. Just two big cheeks on two small teeny tiny legs with little teeny feet. That's Pete, hold your. An ass that walks and talks and stabs people in the back. The stabbing ass. Hey, Pete. Get out of here. Which means any part of you, okay? Oh, man. Pretty emotional show here today so far. Let's take one or two of these. Not too many. WCOM. Oh, I'm you. Yes sir. Oh, this is screenwork 3. Well, I've got a lot of stuff here. I'll take a few calls. What's up? Great. This is for you. Brad Good Morning. It's what? This is for you, Brad. So why Brad? That's me. I'm not going to go to jungle juice again today or what Brad? That's there. I have a little story for you. Yeah. I've been taking my wife to look at Corvette for about the last week because she's been bugging me and bugging me to buy a Corvette. By the way, somebody came to me last night. It was serious at the game. Then do I have the heads up display and my new vet and I said yes. And he said, how do you like it? I said, I love it. It's great. It's fun. Wow. Look at on the windshield and senior speedometer and your fuel and your oil and your stuff. That sounds beautiful. Did it? Anyway, the more of the 40, the more of the stuff over the loopback. Brad. Yes. And we ended up with your 98 Corvette. Yeah. The red one? The red one. Oh. And my wife loves it. Great. But there's just one problem. What's that? Nobody can find the extra set of keys. Do you remember who you gave them to? But it means I gave them to. They're all looking around. They said we gave them to hand the second set of keys. There was no second set. Oh, yeah. There is. I have them. You have them. How much is it worth to your bread? Oh my God. How much? What do you need to get just mail them to us? 100 bucks. 100 bucks. Yeah. Wow. For 200, I'll even cover the postage. How's that? Oh, my God. That's 500. I'll even have a career bring them to your house. How's that? For a thousand bucks, you can have them. And wait till those breaks start going on. I mean, you're going to love that car. It's great. But it is a pretty good car. And only like what? 13,000 miles on a Kingfail with my own. And it can't take good care of that car, Brad. Yes, you did. You did. They wouldn't even bargain on the price. They said, this is new car. Take a little bit of a little bit. And she took it. Now let me ask you. Can I ask you on your how much you paid for that car? Hmm. Do I need to say? Why? Come on. It's just us. You and me. 37. Woo. Woo. Okay, Brad. The keys are in a mail. Okay. Woo. I like the way that echo's near. Ha ha ha. Woo. All right. Nice going there. That's my good buddy up there in Blueback Road. Rick Nelson. Right guy. There's the best sales hole I've told you this before. I'll say it again. Best sales hole in the universe. Greg Nelson up there. Blueback Road in Pomp and O' Beach. They don't have to take care of you up there. That's why I buy all my cars there because they're great. Good, good. Good, good. Good. Can I ask you on your how much you paid for that car? Oh, my girl. I'm in the car. Yeah. Good. I like all the things. Really. Good. You and me. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. You and me. I like the style of times. You eat things. You're good. Oh. Oh. Oh. I like the color of the green tea. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Okay. Good. Oh. Let's go, let's go. Come on. 11.02. It's 5.60. If you're a full question, where is the weed better? I'm stood on Vancouver or over time. Or a little Jamaica? Right down, right off the street here. Right out on the street. They're probably selling on the quarter of 441. I'm not too far from our friend Chaka to Subcenter. Huh? That's a good idea. Go on here in Little Havana. I mean, Little Hady, Little Jamaica, whatever the Little Isreal. And buy some weed. And then when you're sitting there, Prof. And get real hungry, then you go over to Chaka to order 20 or 30 subs. Which, that was in the lunch, of course. I think I'm going to be back on a steak with the steak with the cheese onion, like the old days, but sliced up. I can't be cutting it while I'm here on the air. Pretending to do a radio show. That would be good. That will happen at that in a long time. Mmm. There's still a thought of that. Suck your lunch steak with the cheese and onions, melting all together. Blend it in my purse. God. What a thought. QA, am I think this one's down? Can I talk to you, please? Speaking, yes. I'm sorry. Go ahead. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. Listen, remember that before that you had like a couple of weeks ago about getting this month, my de-gong. And you had all kinds of people. Sure. All right. Can I put in my two cents worth? Go ahead. All right. Number one. Very big topic here by the way in town. I said it's, uh, we'll go ahead. Okay. Well, you know, Alex Hernandez doesn't have a big ass, but I don't think he's on the list. No. Although I must say number one, probation officers. Yeah. Number two. Not a Coney. Most big. Not a Coney Coney. Mighty Coney's gay trooper. Yeah. Yeah. And number two? Yes. Uh, therapist. Therapist? It's a lasting gambar. They're a good one. Yeah. Oh, and therapist? Don't know medical is gay trooper. Okay. I love you, Neil. See ya. Bye. Okay. He sounds like a boy's experience. He said those trooper's, they'll stick you to you every time. Oh my God. I'll get to the God billboard thing. Gotta take this, so call. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I want to be the first one to congratulate you and your good rating. And it's for Thanksgiving's go. You put a dead man online for you any other station you can beat him out. Have a little one here. Okay. Well, you said you could put a dead man out in the road and hang him run over him. Something like that. Did that what he said? You could put a. No. Don't be taking shots. And Hank, he's out there raising money for sure. Did they play in golf? I ought to be a side, huh? Can you imagine watching Hank play golf? Can you even envision that? No. Can you imagine books that are playing? I don't want to start on him again. Okay. Do I? Yes. Haven't seen him lately. Maybe he's lost an answer to since we saw him last. I'll tell you one thing, boo. You'll actually have a little like enough energy. But he's, I don't know. I think he's destined to take out gold seems place. He's destined to be the next to. Al gold's mean and Ron Jeremy in fat boy. All rolled up into a big ball of fun. Man. Can you imagine when somebody that big sits on the throne? Oh my god. Especially after a bad bowl of grits. Rhymes with a wow. Wow. In fact, we ought to be telling that story about today. The fat boy went in the toilet down here. Oh. I think he went, yeah. They're like that. And then he went all over the place. Well, you know, when you got to go, you got to go. You can't be worried about what's already in there. Just don't look. That's what I always say. This put the blinders on and don't look. Because as long as it's down in there, you know. Ha ha ha ha ha. Just don't splat. Just don't think about it. You know, it's like if you get the wine up in the sack with a smelly hooker, you know, just don't think about it. Just concentrate on the important part. Squared squared. It over with and get that lot of there. Just concentrate on the positive. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing today? Never been better. Sir, I feel like I got a whole new life starting day. That is a good thing to hear. That's a good. I don't know why I said that. But sounds. Well, sir, I was going to get it. It's pretty, you mentioned about that thing about the Wayne Pane workers and money. Finally, it long lasts. They had to go to court to extract the money. Everything, I think, has done a subvert to process as failed. It's cost them $10. You know, the electrical workers union. How do you like that? I do. I'm a friend that was working there. He was doing the high stuff for the sprinklers and so forth. Yes. And they had eaten. I think what if they didn't want to pay union wages. And just so as a person that had a buddy of it to work. It's a Wayne's own automation, right? Right, sure. Yeah, because he didn't like that. He's talking down to $12 and changing to be pleased with all the automation. I think it's a thing to name, but it still smells the same. It's a work problem because they built a new one up in West Pond. Yeah. And it was like a 39 grand work for work. And they skipped them. They only paid them 32 grand. So now I asked the fight wait for some more money. It's just to never end in cyclists' math. And it's why the panthers are playing off. Yes, sir. Okay, thank you. Okay. Here's another curchannel fact. Woo! They sure love your peat. They really love you over there. They'd like to embrace you within, you know, stick maybe along Stiletto in your income and throw your ass in the lake. Any lake we'll do. It says, brook is sinking fast. He just put his own hell. That's why that asshole was on her show every week. She's following the same thing. Good choice peat put him that sabocone on here again. Oh, I can't say this on here. It says, God damn it. John Ford can't stop sucking sabos. And they'd see to be a lot of that going on over there. And there's no more room in your mouth for any more consultant and corporate. To choke on. Peat bulger is the Linda Lovelace of softwater radio. He can take it deep throat. Oh, they love you peat. And sunny herge by the way says, thanks from the grave. Thanks for helping put the final nails in his life. You miserable, heartless, cruel, unadulterrated piece of turd you. Even managed to chase him like poison. You turd. Right. And he likes everybody. Unless they look too good. Well, he don't like those, you know, you don't like those pretty little things. So Michigan thing, you know, they like them ugly. Eight minutes after 11 and five, 60 WCM and a tremendous Thursday. We got Kimbo Bo camp, we're coming up with two o'clock. One of the few guys in this town who tells it like it is, will come on there and tell it to Jimmy Johnson's a hard ass. Stuff like that, you know, kind of stuff you want here. You want here named dropping you all here ass sucking. He'll hear Kimbo this afternoon telling it exactly the way it is. Whether you like it or not. Whether Jimmy likes it or not. It's off dirty to me. Seeing his court room, everyone has the right to a fair trial. But if they're proven wrong, he has the right to make them get down. Just change brown. Judges is a matter of Adam's versus math. Thank you, Miss. Now they missed out. You did a mid as well. Go ahead. Yes, that's right. You're on it. And I'm going to let him in the wallet. Oh, in the wallet, $200 in cash and all my credit cards. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I don't want to get in the wallet. Yes, you're on it. I did take his wallet, but it's only because of you. Just a half stop now. What you're doing to get him out. Wonderful. I guess they don't really know you're on it. Well, no, Judge James Bansy. Don't know better than that. It's a magic. I don't know. I can see as I'm sorry. Oh, no, no, Judge James. It's a business deal. But you get the man back to money. Give him that water. Just make sure to clean it. And his judge is on a sentence. The movie. You don't want to come on that. Get on up. I see you. You're a mess. I'm on the television. Be here tomorrow. When his walk gets down on you, Judge James Brown. Somebody think the Chinese Jews eat one ton soup or creplos. So that's our poll question today. That's one. That's really a hard one, isn't it? And the question too. I want to thank my good Dutch friends by the way, very nice lady who called yesterday. We talked to her a few times. She and her husband came by before the game last night. And man, did they work their asses off or what? Yes. They brought me. Remember she was going to give me a bunch of restaurants. I'm going to go to restaurants and I'm stood on some table there about 100 times a year to where we plan to my drug supply. But anyway, see there really are people in the morning to think I'm going to Amsterdam for drugs. How could anybody who lives in Miami have to go anywhere for drugs? How could anybody possibly be that stupid? But anyway, she gives me this list at the and this is not the copy out of something by the way, evidently. This is all done personally. And she even gives by area of the city. They lead this plane and the red light district including the war more strut, which is known as the wood of gasoline. And all these other play, all these things. And I've never heard of the only restaurant I ever heard of on the whole list, by the way. Is the one that's called the advice, thleagan, or how are you pronounced that to five flies? No, there's no flies in the soup. That's what the name of it is. And the whole restaurant near the grand-cras the Polsky Hotel in that area. And she's got pizza places and steak houses and everything. Cheese restaurants? Wow. Ever go into restaurant and smell the cheese? Pop, here's the barring B-E-R-N, like in Switzerland. Popular crowded Swiss restaurant to Riffy Cheese, Fondou, Fantastic garlic cell in the formal service. Well that sounds good. I do love Fondou. And I think you can do Fondou on the Atkins, can't you? Sure, the cheese in meat, you just dip it in there. You can even do co-sure fondou, I think. With the cheese in meat. Oh, why not? And then she's even got at the end of the whole thing, like the addresses, the phone numbers. I mean, just unbelievable. Thank you sweetheart. Donkabel. Well, did we come through on today? Speaking of Amsterdam, by the way, here's the fact that says the weed in Amsterdam is the best. Make no mistake about it. Also, it says the lines that West line that they are longer than usual, the Hullio Queens are running their cruiseplex there today. So if there's anybody horny head over to Westland, okay, the glory holes that drilled them like gigantic life size. Even though horses are over there taking a breather today in West line from High Aliah probably. Well yeah, I gotta get to the God billboard thing. WQAM. Hey, go see, even Moff have balls. WQAM. Hello, George? No. Hey, Neil. How you doing? I'm giving George a rest of the day, so we had time to order my lunch. I talked a couple of days ago. Paul Screelus, until we have to start giving the numbers out. I haven't given any numbers out today, either. We've turned the corner today, I feel it. Can't you tell me? I can feel it all right. Yeah. I can almost smell it. I thought a couple of days ago about the parking and the communal last night to the Maple Leafs and the Police came anyway, what a great game. A lot of was senators, yes. Yes. Was that nice of me to help you out there playing the out of a senator's right? Well, I'm just getting used to small dishes. Wasn't that great that that was on there from T.S.N. with the great Joe Bowen and Harry Neil, my good friends? Like they were Harry Neil and Sam. Hey, the good play the follow the way. No, long shot, private set, not going to lie. Paul, get to the head of Senator Perrell. So the line of the show. Yeah, they're all front of the line. That's one nothing, Joe, on all right. Hey, who did the king get for Perrell and a deal? I think the Leafs just gave me a featured draft choice. I mean, it was a steal. You know, a seep, the anecdote for all used to be released originally and then, you know, making the mistakes that Cliff Fletcher did. Well, he's not good enough for us. And they shipped him off to LA and got basically nothing in return as I recall. Some stiff and this could dynamite. Four gold last night. Yeah, he really is. He kind of like a ring with me small, but, uh, what good. These are not that small. Well, hey, a couple of, where he's got a larger smile. A couple of days ago, you mentioned a little cliche about Thai Don't even versus, you know, the, uh, unfortunately for the Panthers. Yeah, there's no comparison there. I mean, Thai don't escape. He handles the plot below. Thai don't have to. He's become a skilled player. He's got eight goals and I've got about 17 points. I think something like that. He's a useful player as opposed to this guy who just got eight million penalty minutes. And the crowd is in China with because they'd like you in a big black guy, playing out with their uniform on beaten white guys up on the other team. We'll come up to his poker, you know. Yeah, there's no pressure. It's ridiculous. He has, he's got to go. I mean, the idea that this is a substitute for talent. Maybe that was okay as a novelty this year, but I think next year, we'd like to see something more like some real skill. Well, maybe a bottle blinded, so there's not many hockey fans on here. No, no, no, no. Our few of you before. Yes, sir. If you heard the show yesterday, it was one of my all time favorite shows. I walked a more dumb people yesterday who wouldn't know. They wouldn't know when, Gretsky, if he's spirit him in the nose, right now. They wouldn't have any idea who it was. How about the guy called the day of the 99 times? How about the schmuckall the older time? They don't have a plate of retirement time since before the war. And he was talking about the revolution, by the way. You're the greatest. Have a great day. Hey, how much more rich in a wreck? Okay. Thanks, though. See you. Hey, Rich, stop eating all the food. By the way, you know, since, uh, Pantboy moved out of Buffalo, Rich, generated his ballooned up 30 more pounds. Yeah, he was doing a lot better. General, right until a fat boy, uh, yeah. Well, fat boy, you see that all the buffalo wings and all the subs up there. In Buffalo, they do have good food in Buffalo, and they better have because I didn't that. That's a really bad town. They got that empire sports that were hit to, you real sports nerds out there. You want to find out about hockey and all the sports, all of these things. Watch that empire. It's channel 313. I'm your small dish. I see you have a, but you have a big dish, right? I hate to break the loose. Yeah, some of those things. Just when you finally move into the house, it's got a big dish and we'll hammer hooks it up for you. The big dish is becoming, I hate to say it. Option for read. I say to say that. I'm going to get rid of it anyway. Are you? The giant grapefruit tree blocks it from like three saddle. Oh, but if you get the small dish, which even a slipper like you can afford for like 99 bucks, you'll discover, I mean, fantastic. And you don't have to worry about anything being blocked. I like the small dish. They're, well, like we got here, you see what a fantastic picture it's got. Picture a spectacular. And I'm, you know, and maybe like maybe once or twice a year, if it rains like real real hard, you'll get an interruption for maybe a minute, 30 seconds. Never lose the picture. It's great. And being a big sports fan like you are. No, seriously, the movies that are on there. You got hundreds of movie channels. You even got that make believe spice like that piece of crap. Those are like it soft. WQAM. No screen list? What is it? It's a church. This is screen list. Hey. How you doing, sir? How's it going? A little information on your red light at the hockey game. Screen list. Yeah. You sit on the wrong side. If you're on the other side, you can't see it at all. Because the other half is green. No, we can't see the green light either. You can't see the green. We can't see the red. See, now, for where I said, the goal off to my left is shoot once the, What the South End? Right. I came by saw yesterday. We can. We can. We can see that. We can see that when that red light goes on. But the one to my right is shoot twice in. You can't ever see that. The red light or the green light. You see nothing from most of the lower bull. You cannot see that one. But if you're on the other side, it's vice versa. So I guess we're being a little bit picky that we expected to be able to see the light in both ends. We got to switch sides. Right. That's right. Good point. Incredible. And you're about to hat. About the fact that you're a money ass when Anis Carter got his hat trick. You had left by them. I don't already left. I mean, we flew out there while I got the fourth goal. But see, one thing they got to understand, the Panther fans were pissed off. But also, there were any enormous number of ruins fans there. Last night. They're all they punched. Huh? They punched. I mean, they should have been out. They were able to get in there because we had all the other ball games going on in town. So there were a lot of seats available. So the Bruins fans have it out of their friends gave them to them or whatever they got them. But there were a ton of Bruins fans in that crowd list. I think it was just a star grapes and our fans. So I mean, why not? You know, they have a right to be pissed off. No doubt. And God bless us all. Bless you. See you. What did you just bring in there? We're probably going to about that racing show. Just probably not. What? What is it? Log stuff. Log stuff. Don't be worried about his log. Okay, you take care of your own log. WQAM. George? Yes. I like something. Okay, hold on. Where are you, Comfort? I'm mobile. Mobile everywhere. Hi, Boko. Okay, let's go to a mobile and bokeh. Hello. And then? Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Pretty good. Well, about the past, this man's maybe next year. They really stuck, don't they? Hey, stunk. They stuck. They stuck. They stuck. They stuck. They stuck. All right, we're more calm down. He's all full better to shape because he had a pay for dinner last time. Yes? Can I get one request from him? Yes, sir. How about that? How about that? Good. Good. Good. Well, dedicated to Joe Costello. Hey, thanks. I love the ratio, too. All right. Thanks, Dale. Those race car are people. I got a good sense of humor. It's not as a Gordon song. That's anything about Jeff Gordon there. It's just some guy named Gordon. Maybe it's Gordon Litty. Huh? I don't know what the guy's name is. Dale Gordon. He used to play on that time. I'm worried about him. He used to be an armistbrook's. Remember him? Character actor? Dale Gordon. He was a little mustache kind of a pachi guy. I remember that's before you were born. You do remember that? Why do you talk about these old movies all the time? Yeah. Dale Gordon. He was a funny guy. And he was a little, uh, he was kind of like what's his name? He was a little little little little. And of course Tom Selleck. See, I'm worried about it guy. He was always suing everybody because they're writing in the Templars that he's a fact. And then he plays a Fag and that movie. What if what was that movie? You played a Fag? Tom Selleck? I don't know. Making love. No. No. No. No. No. This was like a comedy movie, making love was with Michael Onkeen from the rookies. Don't you remember Michael Onkeen? Yeah. Kate Jackson was in making love. That was a pretty good movie too, by the way. And you want to know that was one of the first movies where they actually portrayed some guy as a homosexual who wasn't a screaming Mincing boys in the band kind of a fairy, you know, Michael on came here's a guy who was in a rookies He was a copper crisis. He's much oh he looks like a real man like that rock Hudson right in the pieces Michael on King you know who that is sure he's still pretty good before that movie by the way That movie looks eh that's what K Jackson said get out. I can do better than this WQAM hello What is it like to talk to the break tender? Okay, we'll give you a it's number. I might as a way speaking of it. How's it doing? Have we heard from it lately? No, huh? The thing no Well, we got Steve Nudelberg can't have the thing in see it says that in the QAM charter You can have either or not but not both like one whom call a mate one from Colombe, but don't cross the lines You know you can have Steve Nudelberg or the thing We said okay Steve come on back. Just don't see us again, please How do you like that the guy sued the plays and one you know something knowing this place? That's probably how they're paying them Okay, we can't we can't we can't we can't afford to pay the whatever the air Yeah, they awarded you, but how about we'll give you your job back and he said okay? Yeah, because we're also gonna hire him Not sports 101 any what are they playing you cranium melodies now? In fact, if they were smart they'd be playing Yugoslavia melodies for all those people Gonna be down in Guantanamo about your there list and we got a lot of people listening down in Guantanamo and get more Because if you listen you do get more Here's a QA Oh, geez, that's first one of those You spoil our three we were smoking we got to get to those God billboards And those God damn people have to hear all those purpose and the glam who think it's just wonderful Who think it's just a beautiful thing that we have all these up noxious God billboards all over this town and now all over America As once again the Christian right these Barbista people just won't leave us alone with their BS, you know Let us believe whatever for details We want or not as the case maybe and stop literally the highways with this crap with all these things But not to hear although they like it Because it's like apple pie and Chevrolet and all the odds on the sports pages and all the ants for the escort services and the SARS-Parlas and Script joints they got on the sports pages like apple pie and so there's my me We'll go find a nigger and drag them down the road You'll be proud you from the South boy double wide Southern pride Now if there should be a little in trapped inside We'll rape her in the ass and steal her first before she dies can never raise the Bible to valic days our barbarism ignorant and see being a Ingrade that is higher up some guards groups too No, we are the Christians older home God like to wipe our ass with an old porn god and when we're not burning jerks or planet Down we play our bandos in the trees with these in our mouth That's what Christians require right there in the old ground out All right 1132 at five 60 w q a and the only advantage of the big dishes the fact you can get CBC and a pivoted National channels which you can't get with a small one It's Edward said that's true. Hello CBC is on the weekend hockey net in Canada is on the small dish most weeks and now we're getting TSM like last night I know something I'm able to find out if that game add out a one night is gonna be on From TSM But unfortunately since we don't have you think it'll be on here the menu let's see 380 because we don't subscribe here for the Sports package. Oh, yeah, there it is. There's the basketball There's the baseball free preview by the way in a small dish on the baseball anybody want to watch for free No, okay More ones are playing you want to watch no, okay. Hold bunch of games on here. There's the Major League soccer The United River or somebody comes to me last night and says you ought to be promoting the whatever that soccer team the fusion I said no we need your help. I said no, but you really no, okay Just go away. Okay. Here we go. Here's the hockey vernal. Let's get look at that. There it is. All right Ruins and lightning maple leaves and senators on 360 six ranges in black Hawk sharks and the kings tonight All right hockey fans I'll have my recorder going have the VCR smoking See there you go the small dish whatever you want you want movies you want sports you want the grab ass You want just about anything there. It is beautiful crystal clear picture So like I said I hate you know bad news, but George got the big dish It's out It was there with the house. Oh, exactly, but still it's a sad thing so anyway, it's big enough. I really sad thing Hey everybody Chuck with my lunch today He said 20 drifters came by smoking some bad weed and bought a whole bunch of subs this morning That was a good idea. You remember pump up some business for you Some of the best weed in America is right here in this neighborhood by the way Yeah, that's right Puff a little in the morning go over there to Chuck's and get about 20 or 30 subs and just pick out and then go And yeah, just keep doing it all day long and pretty soon you too can look like Luke Shambi Anyway, so here in the bottom of the page and it's a good place for it on the bottom. Thank you Chuck have a great day The Harold the Miami Harold the anxious. I love that word lately You know how you get hooked everybody does this you get into words that you know They come and they go and you get hooked on them for why instead using them over and over again Anxious I just it just got to take a great sound It describes perfectly what the world is all about. I'm not just disgusting like Pete Bulger Uncise this like fat So the bottom of the page here's the editor of the Harold spirituality God billboard the dress quest. Oh God. Yeah, what am I gonna have the Neil God billboard? That's what we ought to have fact somebody I don't want to suggest that okay You know I'm taken local campaigns strikes universal court. It says oh We're gonna have some music for this. Okay talk about tugging on my heartstrings and just almost smelling the Intensive common or readiness a sign from God It says millions of sought and prayed for such divine inspiration Muslims kneeling in mosques Catholics needing rosaries Jews touching prayer shawl and Dauvinning back and forth like a bunch of Stone Age barbarian Charlie Robin Andy Smith haven't talked to the Almighty but to two four-letter advertising executives have tried to interpret God's thought These interpretations of appeared of all places on billboards and bus ads throughout Howard County since last year the message is simple and sometimes quirky let's meet at my house Sunday before game time God will the road you are on get you to my place God we need to talk God up yours Yeah, Robin Smith of the Smith Agency launched the god campaign on behalf of an anonymous client We wanted to encourage people to return to church These spiritual base dads have now spread beyond Broward the godlike messages are appearing on buses and billboards throughout the nation Thanks to the outdoor advertising Association of America, which is spreading the good news as they publish service campaign spreading the good news like spreading the North For the shovel The god ad they're showing up at about 10,000 billboards in 200 cities including Dallas New York and Chicago Local advertising companies have agreed to donate this space for the heavenly slogan. They're donating space to them Well, they donate space for a Neil God. No, no How do you like that? Donating the space So they can put up this religious propaganda on there out there in the public where we have to drive where it doesn't belong The hero goes on to say a local campaign But let's get the news of going again A local campaign meant to encourage greater spirituality has struck a universal cord For those who believe in a supreme being for all who believe for any at all The god ad they're due day of Christian and their philosophy, but their message touches on the central themes of most religion These are a human quest for purpose Morals stir its will comfort and a connection to a universal power For those driving on the road of life this god ad embodies a basic principle of all great religions need directions God There Here's a facts by the way on the same issue, which I say for this moment It says the god okay, that's enough of the music One more chalk man. Are you? Thank you the god billboards are the epitome of this right wing religious media these people are dangerous They are anti thought they use no logic whatsoever Rift them in ass is what it says rip their rectum wide open Yeah, leave it to the hero, okay Leave it to the goody two shoes that they're all again pandering to that mentality Which they think exist there because most people say they believe in God even though all of us know it's a Santa Claus and the two theory and Bob of my suits and fairy tales all over again Don't we know that? We know it What just happened oh look what did that yesterday there are two they too? Do we know it? Damn it You know something that happened by them and just happened spontaneously The era moved to audition it's just like you you know screw in a follow spot. I'm the I won't do it again Don't feel it anymore, okay those people in production See one thing about this place everybody that screws up. It's not their fault. It's somebody else's fault usually George's or mine All those distorted spots all those out of phase spots. It's nothing they did wrong in production It's George did something wrong in here anybody believe that anybody with a brain believe that we know better But nevertheless Rather than saying we got a bunch of kids working for 50 cents an hour and a bunch of five-year-old interns who probably are Demo they even the kid working in a the power ninety six room down there cranking the music yesterday Which by the way, thank you very much. It's been nice and quiet and peaceful today. Thank you. We don't ask for much. Just leave us alone That yesterday was outrageous and it was one of yours What some zoo bastard or bag some do-fag? Well, I know one I don't know about its sexuality And you and we wouldn't want to know is that what you're saying have you seen him? Yeah, gross no Well, what would you know normal? Oh average don't look at good as Corey Sabin. I bet hey listen Corey I was just trying to save your credibility Yesterday, I noticed that you know he's a little bit under shape that I mean You know if you want to go on here and see that the adultans can cleanse the NFL championship by Drafting some shards or go ahead. He was very grateful. What that you said in straight Corey? Yes. I'll send him straight And I see everybody here, so that's why don't say much of that stuff Because they get all up tight and then Hank tells him all I'll suit a lot of sex discrimination suit, you know Remember the thing with Adam? You can own this station Adam That was just a joke I was just kidding. That was yeah This discrimination my ass. I'm not next. We have an effect discrimination suit Right fat boy and boom and Humper And I guess I could join I could sue myself In fact, I'll tell you who else is probably joining that suit. You know the fastest criminal the anti-fat discrimination suit That fat cow out in Phoenix. You'll probably join in Maybe even Steve Nudelberg. He's not fat but he's suits everybody out here Which is a good reason to hire him back then when he's on your payroll. Let's say you know safer The Leagueaf hacer to go their vendor Get Green. Don't make quo. They won very hard All right. It's $145.50, WQM. Kim Baboukamp, who are in for Hank today from 2 to 6 over at Shulos Day 2. Hank's doing his golf tournament for junior achievement and little doggo's over there, too. And then we got the booster when you call a booch on a night, please in a nice way. Now, you don't say you fat pigs, stuff like that. But just say, hey, boog, you must say any meals lightly. You know, plant the seed in there like maybe he should lose a little way. Please, we're working at the campaign we're starting here. And then Ed Kaplan tonight, who might lose a little money or a lot. He don't need to lose weight. He just needs to stop punching his guts out. Here's a fact that says, I need your expertise, which small dish you recommend and which service provider once you have a customer month. Thanks, New Vance. Direct TV is what you want sweet heart. That's what you want direct TV. Get you the RCA or the Sony, but get the RCA and get direct TV. And then you might want to also get USSB, it depends on what you want to all of it. What is USSB got? The, huh? But that's what you know. No, it's got like some of the movie channels around there. All movies basically. And what do you pay average for month? I'd say about, you know, 40 50 bucks depending on how much you got on there. If you want just a bare bones, I think it's like cable about 30 bucks a month. But if you want sports packages and all the other, you can spend between 40 50 or 60 bucks a month or more depending on what you want. And then there's pay for a view movies, which of course we don't have here. But that's the way it works around this joint. WC, wham? Hello. Leo. Yes, sir. That was Brian Murray has pictures of. Probably Wayne naked with a mousse. What is the scratch? I pay all this money and I'm a tanned to fan of course. And then I got two season tickets. Maybe he's got Wayne naked with mousse vascular. I'm pissed off. Yeah. I mean, it's a waste of God's money. You actually care about the going and seeing a game. I thought I was the only one. Yeah, but it's a expected. It's the thing. You know, who the hell is going to pay $57? You know, $114 before you walk in there. But when you say who, but you say who the hell is going to do it? We had more people by far last night than the Marlins than the heat. And they have, you know, half of those people are just to be at to be better. I understand that. But they were there and they still pay the $57 box or somebody else did. Yeah. They were a lot of empty seats. I did not have that. There were a couple of thousand I would say. It was pretty good crowd considering all the other stuff going on and considering how bad they're playing. It's amazing. It's amazing. It's amazing. It's amazing. It's amazing. It's amazing. It's amazing. It's amazing. It's amazing. It's amazing. And the defense is our goal is to get attacked by everybody. It's unbelievable. Right. They have no line at the fence. Ben, let's go and that's correct. Because you're walking in a more big money. Who's going to pay that salary? Anybody got to pay that money? No. They got very stuck with him. Every Murray's sitting there like an idiot. He has no clue what's right. He's got a good memory. He's got a good memory. He's got a good memory. It's just simple as that. I'm the only one who's got the guts to say it. Good vibe to the Murray's. I said it last year. And then now they got another year reprieve. Okay. And now the time is run out. It's the bunches about to ring. See you guys. What's built to our doing? I mean, he's playing with his boat. We know that. He's playing with it. Some believe it was dead. Quite a said situation. Well, I'm built to our better start thinking about his own fan ass because if he doesn't do something, if he just hit their like his paralyzed, they're all the whole bunch of them are going to be gone. What's rumors read on it? I know you don't talk about it much, but you know, he's going to fight his retonate. They stuck. They stuck. They stuck. Yeah, but he said he got forbid. He ripped anybody on the air though. The bond he's not on the stand. He's, you know, works for Wayne. You keep your mouth shut. He needs the cash. So it stopped. Okay. Here's your guy that's fired up in Pistau. Okay. This was today, by the way. I hit the jackpot. What? You're toothed now? You're the sickest numb. You're a lot. My jaw's twitching. Oh, jaw twitching. Oh, I don't want to say it. I don't want to get your word. I know what that is. No, it's got getting even with you. We're screwing up all those carts and then blaming the production people. I'm sorry for blaming them down there. I'll just keep my mouth shut. Here's one about the billboards. It says the most offensive one of all those God billboards. We got to begin a lot of calls about that, by the way. Our poll question for the next two hours is if we're going to bring a lot of you were slobbing in the South Florida, which group of people would you like us to move out? That's a good poll question. Huh? Who shall we get rid of? Okay. I mean, we can only hold so many people down here. Let's say we bring in about, oh, I don't know, 8 or 900,000 Yugoslavia. Can we only pick just one group? You can't pick any. This is for them. Okay, because I know who you'd pick. The most offensive billboard reads, keep using my name in vain and I'll make rush hour longer. And that's perfect, by the way. That's exactly the kind of wrathful, threatening, hateful God that's all through the old and the detestements that they'd use in the Goiim haven't been in. That's their kind of God. That billboard is the epitome of what's wrong with the all religion. Keep it up and you're going to burn and hell. You're going to purgatory. You're going to be in limbo doing a limbo rock. We'll tell you, check her. You're going to, you know, touch that thing one more time and you're definitely going straight to the Alecifier. You're going straight to Geneva Lake. Very, very sad. Here we are, it's almost noon. I haven't given a number out today. Well, I feel like I'm making a big turn. Those number our numbers came out the other day. Oh, I can't. We have about 110 share based on the way. I figured we got a 400 share easy. Does anybody acknowledge this? No. Does anybody else talk about it? No. Does anybody recognize the major achievements of accomplishments that we've made on this radio station? No. Only us in these little rooms here, these tiny little broom closet rooms in these barren, it just, oh, God. I look around here. It's as an asceptic as the inside of a bandaid box. As the inside of an oxygen tent. And it's spite of that. We're still kicking big, gigantic, smelly fat back home all over town. WQAM. Yeah, I got some people for Neil that we can get rid of. Okay. Where you're calling for him? I'm calling on a mobile out and you're going to find him. Okay. Okay. Let's go to a mobile and pepper pine. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I got a few people I think we get rid of. Since we got people actually doing nothing here. We're going to get rid of the American blacks and see just hanging around doing deadly and fetch it a morning. Everybody else is there's their problem. They got a look at the mirror. Maybe they should get out because the Haitians came over. They want to work. The Cubans work. Everybody in the American blacks. You're sitting at home doing deadly. They're doing one. Okay. What are you saying they're doing? I say I'm doing that guy. What? Dictantly. Dictantly. He was both kind of bowl. Oh, Griffin. Five. Oh, I almost started giving the number up. I'll give the number up. Go answer them. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. Well, if they're all sitting in the home doing dick, he must be pretty pleased about it. WQA and hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing? I'm doing pretty good. I'm joking. I'm a little lunchier but I'm doing great. You have to have a lunch from the American nation. I saw my swamp land. I mean my house in Tamarack. I'm clocking out of here. How's this chronic voice? You sound so familiar. You've spoken to me. Well, from Tamarack, do you know, you've got some tales for you. You got one? I got a good tale for you, so to speak. I'm on the part. With an ear and an eye. Do you read the latest Supreme Court decision on my security chronic? Well, I'll call you once every three. You know my voice. I'll tell you at the end. And then I'll give you a reason that you can hang off on me if you let me just ask you one thing. Okay? Did you read the Supreme Court ruling that allows you to allow the police now to search anybody in a vehicle's property? If they've been stopped for, let's say, a lot. Yeah, that's not, that's not. There was quite a while ago. All right. Well, it was a tell-mongon. This lady's still going to go to jail for two years, even though the driver was guilty from a fence. And they searched this lady's purse. Right. Asmdarench is going to jail. You have to understand. That's the American fucking wing. That's right. I'll say it's the liberal sport. The decision was great. It was all rank-wisted, six to three, but the only ones against it were Al-Khaner and Sutter and Jopol Stevens. All right. The reason you know my voice so well? Ran Sutter. Yeah. All right. Here's why you're going to hang off on me because I sound like this guy that you hate. Elliot Gould. No. Yes, I do. No. That's got nothing to do with it. No, you know. I know. I just know your voice. You know you sound like somebody else. I can't put my finger on it and you're lucky. Okay. But have a great day. I can put my finger on the button. So he does. He's okay to describe it. He just sounds like some chronic. Maybe he isn't the chronic. Isn't that the chronic? Yeah. Stand it. This is a great lunch today. George is eating his special salad in there with all the cold cuts and cheese. I'm sorry. I'm going to have a little extra onions. Those real spicy onions. I'm just a regular onions. Right. No. Chuck over there at the sub set around the corner of 1909. That's honey. Hello, Rode. You are. I was there. A street was renamed in 441. Right. The kitty corner for us here. And he is great. He's the best. I've blessed you Chuck and Nisi and all the other people over there. They have fed us for almost 15, 15 months now. And they expect a better job. Look at the way. I'm nursing my way back to health now. Taking my co-cute 10. And all my other vitamins. My pair of what is it? Panathetic acid. Oh, that's what I got to find out. Where do I get? Panthethene tablets. Where do I get? Where the hell's there? Oh, here it is right here. God comes to me at the game last night. Dr. Atkins is moving in his building because he's got a place down here. You know, I guess in Palm Beach County, I remember where it was. I forgot to ask. But Dr. Atkins has got a new book called The Dr. Atkins. If I had a nutrient solution, nature's answered the drugs. And so I'm doing my best to get off these goddamn prescription drugs, which will kill you as I've been trying to tell you. This as usual, it's another great act in the book. Fantastic. So, Panathetic acid, no problem to find you that. But Panthethene tablets, he's got a list of things in there. And they'll just a week taking this stuff. And I feel great. I'm like a new child. Getting rid of most of that prescription drug. Cratt that was killing me. Which I don't want to mention any doctors by name. Wasn't Dr. Mark by the way. He's a good guy. Gotta say that. But boy, boy, you got it. So where the hell can I find Panthethene tablets? The drug stores have been looking. I've been scouring about action for it. Can't find it. Can't you see the game? My name is Pooie Fatherland. This is Kevin. Hi, Kevin. I'm a student getting through operations. OK. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Mm-hmm. And I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck. And the lip augmentation has many plus scissories. It says that you place this to all of these things. Mm-hmm. And there's one room. Boy, you like to stir it. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. OK, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. I don't know what they would do right away. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the limbs stopped crying, yes? Mommy. It's getting... Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw to you. OK. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, I'll have to see you first. And then I'm looking actually. We can tell you that only to you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make it a point, Anne? Yes. OK. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. OK. OK. Um. My name is buffer will bill. OK. Let me get a little more patient from you. I promise you. Why? It's the lotion in the basket. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation fee? It puts the lotion... Send the basket. OK. Would you like to make it a point, Mommy? Do you want to call me back? It puts the lotion in the basket. I got my skin suit in the bottle, guys. Uh. Bill. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make it a point? It puts the lotion in the basket. OK. I will talk to you in the child. It puts the lotion in the basket. No. Come on. It's afternoon. By the way, if you heard something in the back, that's somebody else's mistake. In the other room. I just don't understand. The Cavalry attitude. All that was on a year. It was on a year. We just don't care. WQAM. We don't care. Hello. Yes, sir. Who are you looking for? It's called In and Out. In and Out. Oh, that was that stupid movie with Tom Sellek. Yeah. Exactly. A lot of movies. And the 20,000 people that they're bringing in. If we had to replace them. Yeah. I've sent 19,998 old Cuban's back. And then save room for the Murray Brothers. OK. There's our poll question today. By the way, we're bringing in a hundred million people from Yugoslavia in the South Florida, which million people would you like to see us move out? 560, 5060, pound five 60 on a mobile one line. First, we'll vote for the old Cubans. Anybody second that emotion? Oh, third. Oh, fourth. Oh. WQAM. Hello. QAM. WQAM. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Uh, that's the George please. OK. Hold on. I need a higher. OK. Meals. This hockey thing. You. You predicted this time last year that people were going to buy their season tickets because everyone loved the new arena. I can't afford anyway. Right. I wish I could. And now you predicted too that they're going to have a crappie team. And they did. Right. How could anybody not see that? There's a glaring lack of talent. There's too many stiffs on that roster. Well, you'll need to do that. All these people are going to fall out of love with the macarena. And maybe not reneus their season tickets. Well, but the beat the thing is now they're going to be saying, I mean, you can see it on the wall. The handwriting is there right in the corner of your face. Pavel Burrie he'll be back to the whole season next year. The whole thing is going to be different. It's going to be great. And the Russian rocket. That's what they're going to be building around. But doesn't he have a career threatening injury? Do we know that? Yes. Well, I'm not even going to guess. I don't have any idea how well the surgery went. What's going to happen in six months or about you never know with those things? I don't know. And I hope not. Yeah, I got to tell you even doing the pill show off all previous week. My best friend Tuesday tells me 42 years old he tells me he's taken 27 medications for his allergies. I said you're going to blow up. I said you should listen to Neil. Yeah. He's crazy. I said get off this stuff. You don't have a reaction. Maniac. Maniac. He's a good guy too. But he's a big gem. Get off the drugs and go natural. Okay. Thank you. Little Bobering flowers. Okay. There you go. Let's see who they want to get rid of. That's a good one. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Great. This is from a way to know that a couple of things. First of all, this is my first trip to the macaroon center. You mean yes, man? This was my first time I was really had a chance to get out there. The feet are very uncomfortable in the, I was really sitting in the section 125. There are 25 rows of, 25 rows up. And we're almost like the club level. And we're like right behind me, about two rows behind there. Right. I was looking at the club level. And it looked like the two are possibly one and a half feet of R's. You've compared to the club level. That's right. Yeah. And you're a little bit. I definitely for a very skinny ass. Yeah. You're absolutely right. Very good. I don't want to do. I'm sorry. Why? I don't have to do like, I'm, I'm, I'm doing my belt. Because literally, I mean, I was, it was that, it was that tight there. And I, I mean, I'm not, I'm not a big person. I'm six four and about 260 pounds. Oh, not for you then. There's a lot of affection, man. Absolutely not. But anyhow, I'm really looking forward to, to go on maybe part of the next year of season. So maybe possibly perch, just in some, probably a little bit because I think for, I mean, you were there last night and you're looking forward to going back after that. Well, it's not, it's not the way to do our playing on a little bit, but, but hopefully maybe the Russian rocket might, might change my, you know, just like I said, right. My change my change, I grip. Anyhow, I was trying to look for you. I have a, I have a, I have a, I have a Toronto Maple, Jersey for you that I got from, that I got from the, from one of the Nike people. Right. And I actually want a one section one, one, one, Ro 16. Ro 16. I'll be there next Wednesday night for the, whatever the Montreal game. Great. Can I call somebody to speak with me? Dave Rayboy from BMW. You're a douchebag. Okay. And lose some life pal. If you're going to become back to the macro area, get better, get real, real skinny. What do you say? Maple Leaf Jacket. What do you tell anyone? The macro Leaf getting it up, the board is there is a kick kick, push it to the net head. We are on one break. Here on the wheel, man. Both the fence, but into the left. Yeah. We have to go. We have to go. We're so close. We're so close. We're so close. We're so close. We're so close. We're so close. We're so close. We're so close. All right. What's not to like? And that will be again on the small dish tonight. The second of the home at home, Toronto at Ottawa. Just mentioned that in passing in 730 tonight. I'm 360, 6 on a small dish. And don't anybody in my house, do I have to take it by the way? WQAM. Hello. I talked to Neil. Speaking. Neil. Yes sir. That movie you're asking about earlier? In and out. Yeah. The Jeff Cohen story. Thank you. There they go. See, a little bit slow, but better late than ever. A time cell like we're doing the old even out. In the movie, buddy. Because he gets very upset if he says doing the old even. I want all the fans of whether it's with Higgins or somebody else. I think he's. Anybody have a heart or a liver? No. Yeah. Oh, all the boys he's loved before. I'll make a swell full of tears before. He wants to change his life. I'll baby and no wife. Just know what his kid has been told. Who all the boys from never met. You're finally safe from being loved and. There's no large terrace with plain, let's make a deal. And when he sees it, not bad. Are they still making a friend of a friend of Michael? He has a wife, you know. The 13 is 560 WKOM. And we're doing a little screen of sex here. They would seem to be going swimmingly. Well, almost as well as my lunch, which is almost gone by the way. For this was great. Not good. Great. Not pretty good. Spectacular sensational. Delicious. The F. and L. WQA and hello. Okay. Thanks a lot, Peter. Nice game last night. WQA and hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. I've been in an out of the cars. Anybody told you about riddle in. They spoke in about it. I've seen sales departments bouncing off the walls. They're all taken by the handful. And the red one too. You know, they give it the kids to calm down. I know what it is, yes. Yeah. I got to get to the sniper because they got too much sugar in their body. And so instead of getting in their diet and straightened out in this country, what they do is they give them a bunch of pills. And it comes and down for while mixing buriesick and kills them. That's the American fucking way. That's right. Cover it up with some drug to make the prescription people happy and the doctor's happy. And the pharmacist's happy and the stock market go up. But kill your kids with riddle and right. It is the American way. That's right. The, I, I, I, I built doctor. I know gave me four of them. I had to take three cats to North Carolina and they did a make it on one drug. You know, 13 hours. You gave them to me. I was so wired out. I thought like crap the whole for days. That's it. You know, I'm believable. This matter of fact, if you take enough of you, you'll be crafting all day. All right. I didn't know if I could hear it. We know what it is, pal. Bad stuff. It's bad for you. Okay. And if you could see the sales guy that's taking it around here. You, oh, man. You would, I mean, this guy looks like. Have a great day, sir. Am I right? You know the one that's taken it? I don't even know what his name is. You didn't mention it. The one with the glasses and the, the cat. I don't know, have a strange one. It was in here the other day asking me about something. I tried to ignore him. Do you know the one I'm talking about? We almost never see him thank God. Glasses glasses glasses glasses glasses glasses. You know, that you put on your eyes. Not that you put on your right short tall short. Dark always wears like a dark suit. So when he bounces off the walls, you'll be able to, well, you know, see the contrast. I'll figure it out. He was in here yesterday for Christ's shakes. You're in there. Oh, that guy. That guy pierced something I think is name. Yeah. Peter, Peter Pumpkin eater. Or you can't tell. What? That he's taken it. He needs to up the dosage. Yeah. Hyper. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Wow. What a ears. One of my what? The other Jew Jesus Christ. Oh, I had a lot of Jews working around here. See, the problem with this place is the Jews should be running the place. Then it would be run right because Jews know how to run a business. We got grayer running this place and boy. What? Oh, speaks for itself. Just look at that wing. Got all that money? Everything he does lately turned instant process to scrap. Auto nation. They changed the name. It's still in a crapper. wound up with a union got all the money out of it now he's got to pay all those back salary for a bill in the arena in the crapper. Florida Panthers stock they try to raise 30 million yesterday a poultry 16 million in the crapper. So man surrounded by Graham. If you had a few Jews in the organization over there then you might make some progress. They had one Jewish player David never asked you they found out he was Jewish. He's gone. WQAM hello pretty good. Hey I heard a rumor that yogurt was that for the season. Is there any truth that? Lindros is out for the season not yogurt yogurt is not out for a minute. What are you talking about sir? Lindros on a sports. Lindros Eric Lindros is out for the season he will not be back for the playoffs. They lied about that. WQAM hello. Yes. I've been taking a two-dollar. It sounds like you're sticking him in your rectum and just don't stand up too fast. They can't fall out. WQAM. WQAM hello. One call a day Peter. QAM hello. Yes sir. WQAM. I thought the deal was speaking. No. I think we made almost two and a half hours on this without this bunch of nerds. Yes sir. Just wanted to get to you on the yard of the year down indefinitely. That's right. What do you hear that? It was an ounce this morning. How did definitely based on what he was playing the last time I saw. He played last night. They didn't know he did not play last night. I didn't play last night. He's out indefinitely. We were letting him stay in again. The penwoods didn't play last night. Maybe it was the night before but he's out indefinitely. I'm telling you, you don't think I'm not doubting what you're saying but let me just clarify to you. He did not play. He may have played with it last night but he didn't play hockey last night. I stand corrected. Okay. Thanks for the good news. All right. Let's hear it. Good news. Good news for the least. All of us are 86 and 93. At least there are 7 points ahead of the flyers for the number 4 spot. The last to home seed for the 1st round of the playoffs. So that should put the nail in the coffin right there. The penguins boy, yager being out. And Linda Ross. They lied a lot there in Philadelphia. He is not going to be back to the playoffs. He isn't going to be back till next season. He's got a very very collapsed long serious injury. Very serious. And as long as he didn't get killed, as long as he didn't get on that plane, we can say, Eric, what goes around comes around. We don't wish he any bad. Or anybody else is serious injury. But in your case, what goes around comes around, Eric. W to Q a m. H is for Andy. Can I do a n? W to Q a m. Come in Miami. What is it? Come in Miami. Okay. Okay. Five six, seven, five six things. Yeah, maybe I was going to say Andy, but that can think of the last part of the left him out. I'm this is going to be gross when I'm going to do that. You just won't, you won't see me doing this. Got it. Yeah. Well, there's some cheese sauce with onion. Sit it up and drink it. There you go. All right. Now, what about if I look out the thing? Go for it. I'll place them in shall we? No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm looking at it. Okay, that's enough. That sounded like Peter and Gordon to me. Changer. I'm in Changer. Changer. Changer. Summer. Summer song. Is that it? Yes. Hey, Changer. Another one goes pseudo-intellectual British groups from the 70s. 60s. Whenever it held was. Hey, Changer. Okay, great. Hope you enjoyed it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. You said count to at least 10 before you will move it too fast. And the finger too. There worked. Like I said, 2 hours in 20 minutes. Now all of a sudden, it's like, oh, we just, you know, just had a brain fart. WQA and hello. Okay. Just come out from off-scale. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. WQA and hello. You kids go scum without you M. Oh. Okay, thanks a lot, Ted. That was Ted Flittock called it in the bat line. Thank you, Ted. We like guys that are honest like that. WQA and hello. That's a good club you moron. WQA and. I tell you I'd like to send that because everyone waving important or even an Cuban flag. Send them back. Cuban bags. Okay, thank you. They're pretty pissed off. But you Puerto Ricans and Cubans. I'll tell you that right now. They're real pissed off. They want you to go back where you came from. Even if you're a Slovenian don't come in. Just they're saying go back where you came from. I think that's a little bit. WQA and hello. No, I'm Karen. Well, my God. Can't take it back. WQA and. Hello. Hello. Hello. Like, like, speak to Neil. Expect to speak to Neil. Yeah. Okay. Hello. Hello. Yes. Like, speaking to Neil. Speaking. Hey, how are you? Good. I'd like to tell you I'd like to send back. Through the dam of patience that drive around with no license. No insurance. Yeah. Yeah. They're, uh, brown toy odors with one light out. No breaks. No breaks. All tires. Uh, no driver's license. Nothing. No insurance. And ready to suit you when they hit you. Right. You can create your own wish. Now what about your make-ins? Uh, post. Put, uh, Put not a match in the board goes back. Thank you. Okay. So let's see. The old Cubans are going back. The, uh, Cubans and Puerto Rican's all of their going back. The Haitians are definitely going back with their little brown toy odors. Well, maybe the autotos will float, you know, you never know. Give it a shot. Make way for these slabs, baby. That's what the V. The slabs. Even fat boy. This isn't that. Boy wouldn't have been great to have him like in crumbly tension center. Wow. That would solve the problem because all those poor bastards would starve to death in about a week. He'd be the only one left. It'd be like a livestock auction. Yeah, let it impact. And that's a great idea. Next time like when we do the center one thing this fall, this is how we can raise money for charity. We'll auction off a whole bunch of people in this place by the pound. Yeah. We'll just have him like, we'll take him to borders. And they'll just kind of like stand up on podiums, bending over with their pants down and so hanging out. You know what? You know what? You know what? You know what? The beast, booster. Who? Josh Friedman. Josh Friedman. Now we don't want to stick up the joint reporters. WQA and hello. We have God. Yes. Can you say, um, that's your brother's week? How old are you, sir? I'm 21. You're a lady? Yes. It's not like a young guy. I'm on a cell phone. Oh. National, what is it? What is it? What the hell is that? All the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks. To hate all but the right folks is an old established rule. But you're an national brother, do we? National brother, do we? Lean on horn and share it far and are dancing. Cheat to cheat is fun to utilize. The people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school. All right. All the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks. All of my folks hate all of your folks. It's American as apple pie. But you're an national brother who eats. National brother who eats. New Yorkers love the quest or reconquered Betty's she. Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand. You can tolerate him if you try. All the Protestant hate the Catholics and Catholics hate the Protestant. And the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews bunch. National brother who eats. National brother who eats. National everyone smiles at one and another who eats. Nice to see who are inferior to you. Get only four a week so have no fear. See grateful that it doesn't last all year. I hear the bulletin by the way. Woman from church analysts is John Ford as surgically implettered himself in water. Sabos. We're the suctioners increase to Hiroshima level. Pete deep throat bulger helps out with the plumbing. All I hear from behind the closed doors of Pete's offices. The sound of choking followed by moans of pleasure. The amount of proteins followed by the assassination on daily basis is equal to 2,000 eggs. It says. A lot of hostility over there in a church channel building. They're pissed off and fired up baby. And like I said, good luck to Steve Stance. A lot of the business after they screwed him over there at cost. And he got screwed over a church channel. He's trying to get him screwed over. He wants to make a few bucks. Even if it's just a few bucks getting out of this business. Nice to see you. Oh, no! My queen. God. There was no farmer who lives on Hiroshima. He said in the middle just shaking his head. That some boys who were down by the prick. There being no water. There is on their marbles and playthings. And at half past four, there came a young lady. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress. She showed them her rumbles in the evening. And white fluffy duck. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children. So they would not spin. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling. Reped you send their from yesterday's hunt. While the girls in the middle was robbing her. I let the fellow down by the duck. In the black couple man with a side of all home in the country. Will a big fence out front? If he had to phone like Lee She showed him her list. Don't bet dog who was subject to fit. And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands. Will the movement so quick? And then she bent over and sucked out his candy. So tasty made of butter, scum. And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookie. That she had left out on her shelf. If you think this is third, you can go to yourself. How's rack? About thirty to five sixty. WCM. This is sure they keep shoveling crap. This audience. Here's the faction. They Pittsburgh Penguins website. Which says young penguins are playing in Felicia night. The NHL's top score are Yarmary Ogreville's. Sit out the game tonight with a slight groin injury. These people that were just gone, oh, it is true. He's up for the season. He's not going to play again. Let me say it again. Right here in my hand from the Pittsburgh Penguins website. And of course, it's interesting. We get no information here on your sports station where I have to go on here and interrupting the update to a clock yesterday to tell Corey the expert that the Panthers even if they lost last night, which they did mathematically, which still not be eliminated from the playoffs. Even though we know for a long time that I could have made it. But again, is it a question of getting it right and knowing something is now what it's all about? We get nothing. We get no information whatsoever. What are they doing out there? What's going on in the right to this building now? Can you imagine if this was, yeah, lunch? If this was a news station? Seriously, we can have a 70 car pile up right outside the building here with bodies all over the road, London, guts. And they'd be saying, you know what they would be saying? Yeah, that's what they'd be saying. Hey, how about that? You're armory, y'all. Number 68 Pittsburgh Penguins, leading score, ladies, he playing other night. Eeeeh, out for the senior thing. You know who the penguins are? Pittsburgh? No. Sorry. And this must be from that Ojoan provocator Gary Gold because it is, they're still more of the brewery story. Well, instead of sending me a fact by saying there's more to it, how about putting it down on a piece of paper? And in fact, it's a two months since I'm not going to call you at home, and I don't have time to be around with the professional economics. Okay. If you got some information, lay it on the line, put it on a fact. You obviously got a fact machine. There's more to the story. Okay. Let's hear it. Who fall? More misinformation from the soft throw to audience. One more time for the eight million times. You know what I'm talking about? Eeeeh. WDQAM. Yeah, I like to talk to Neil. Speaking. Hey, Neil. I just want to let you know that people from because of what they're coming over. Maybe they should be screened to see if they can play basketball or baseball. Uh-huh. Now they're too short. They're too short. Well, baseball, maybe. Oh, mate. Hi, you know, they can all go. Well, they're going to be a guatt animal. Maybe they can do trials with a few national team. Well, they're going to be a guatt animal. Maybe they can do trials with a few national team. Well, they're going to be a dream over. Let them make millions of things. In fact, you know something if you get on a horn with Joe Kuba, there's a good idea for them. There you go. You see? Oh, I'm pretty sure you're some of the kids already. Okay. And after last night, but that's good. Oh, they're out for 200 games this year. Oh, yeah, right. Whatever you say, they went at first game and all of a sudden all this youth for you. And they're trying to pump everybody up. And I'm going to say it again. You know why they're trying to pump everybody up because they want to build that new. Don't say it. Oh, don't say that word. They want to suck you in to get knowledge cited. And I'm even coming in this morning listening to the sports nerds on a worse team. And uh, the foes on there, they, you know, little dogs out there playing golf or hangs tournament. So it's the little dog and guilty. That, that, that, that, that, yeah. And obviously no calls, no interest whatsoever about the heat game last night, about the panter game last night. And certainly not about the Marlins game last night, which the article of the paper says by the way of the alleged 13,000 tickets they sold however many showed up last night. At least half of them were doing. Let's go mess. Let's go mess and that's fans, you know, New Yorkers. So when you scrape all of that away from those first three games and all of a hype that's associated with it, what is it Lee, what is the fan base of the Marlins really when you come right down to it? Huh? Would you say maybe it may be three or four more than, oh, yeah, right. W to Q and. Yeah, George. Yes, sir. Yeah, what's the old website now? The film you'll got. Neorodges.com. Oh, Neil Rogers. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. W to Q and hello. Neil? Yes, sir. How you doing today? Oh, my God. Go to a ping-a-ping. Oh, yeah, ping-a-this. See what I'm saying? I felt like a ping-a-pinga. What is he doing in here? Go to George Rocks. Take some doggy down. As you look very red in the face. You look like any moment could be your last. Seriously. Look how red his face is. Sorry, right? What? It's always red. And his face, too. W to Q and hello. Hey, we got roe in. Oh, and yes? Oh, damn it. We lost the missed out roeers when he said that. I thought he said, Joe Carroyo. W to Q and hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Hi, how are you? Great. Never been better, sir. All right. How's the other day I was working on the beach, like North Miami Beach? Yes, sir. That was at some hotel. I have never seen so many tubes in one place. Yeah. I mean, I just see if there have been a sunrise, huh? I actually have. I've never been to a Panther game. No, I actually have, but not a new place. Now last night we allowed six marchers to come into the game. Last night, plus the two players we had Anton Carter, where we don't play around the Bruins. And of course, the big black guy named Peter on our team. Yeah. Neil. I mean, I see why do they have to wear the little hat even when they're getting fun by the pool. Oh, because they don't want to burn in hell. They don't mind burning by the pool, but burning in hell is a more permanent thing. I swear, I'm surprised they weren't even wearing the black suit. Oh, I'm surprised. Oh, by the pool. They weren't even, didn't even have their shirts off. These were orphaned. Oh, and by the way, oh, thank you for calling sure you reminded me of a very important story, which I forgot to tell in the year. Would you may or may not be aware of? You got to hear this, George. Much more important than whatever you're talking to, was shorty about in there. Are you aware that the Orthodox Jews, like your friend David, you were counting that lunatic within the fulfilling? On Friday afternoon before the sun goes down before Shavas, since you cannot work on Shavas. What they do is they, and this, I'm not making this up. They take a role of toilet paper, and they tear it up into sections. Are you my hand of the sky? No. Yes. I know the camera's right. Yes, because tearing the toilet paper is considered to work, you can't do any work on Shavas. Well, isn't wiping considered work? Who said they wipe? I just said they tore it up, I didn't say they used it. When you tear it up, it looks good. And of course the way they smell, who's going to know the difference anyway? Especially in the summertime. No, seriously, they tear it like, you know, in sections of toilet paper. You're making that up. I am not making that up. Saltating you. It's okay. We'll find out, okay, from some Orthodox out there, or from some other people who want to make fun of the Orthodox Jews. We'll find out today. I was told by somebody that knows her Jew stuff, okay? Violating that knows what the Orthodoxy or crazy Jew stuff is all about. What if you have a bidet? What? Then you bring in a goi to push the button. You bring in Urveille, she's depressed the button. Somebody's small, short, right, I can't, you know, he'd be good. This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. It's time for your job. The show that gets to what's really deep down inside of you. And now here's your host, Colin Corbwellins. Good evening. I'm Colin Corbwellins, your host. And welcome to Tertalk. The little blinds are already lit up. So let's just get right down to the phones. And let's see, who's on number two? It's Steve. Steve, you're on the air. Hi, Colin. I'm a first time caller. Well, right, we got a little something for you. Steve, hang on. So let's on your mind. Well, I just wanted to let you know how much the wife and I into it the show. And hold on, let me get to paper here. Okay. I'm back. So your wife loves the show. That's great. Tell me, Steve, you're wiping right now, aren't you? Yes, I am. Okay, when you wipe, do you prefer a forward stroke or a backward stroke? I think I prefer a forward stroke is a matter of fact, the wife was just saying, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, what's the matter? I think I just ripped the paper. Oh, oh, okay. How well did you get to wipe? Well, I got it pretty good. Okay. Do you feel any pressure under your fingernails? Yes, I do. Oh, boy. Remain calm. You're having what we call a push through. Did you get any penetration? I think so. Okay, just do what I say and everything's going to be okay. Now, is there any clothing on the bathroom floor? You want to look for something. Okay, let me see. Now, put your finger out nice and slow so you don't get a flicking effect. Okay. Okay. Yes. Now, the first thing you want to ask yourself as you look at your finger is has anybody in the house really made you mad today. No, they haven't. Okay. Go ahead and wipe it off, Steve. Oh, thank you, Colin. Keep up the good work. Well, you are welcome. And thanks for listening. That's all the time we have for now. Until the next third thought, I'm Colin Cornwallis. This has been Churchill. The show that gets down to what you're really made of. You've turned 25560 WQAM. We got Kim Bo Kamper for Hanko and I could do from 2 to 6 at Shula's this afternoon. The bookstore was six. I had a dinner time with Spock for him and had Kampel in 10. Thanks all there would at golf tournament today. Okay. Let's hear it. Speaking of turn talk, let's hear about that toilet paper because you don't believe me do you. Did not make that up. 567. 560. 560. On a mobile one line. WQAM. Yes, sir. The question for where all these throw-well countries get you American flags to throw. What do they have? A little supply stores. Of course. So we take you. What's the meaning? They go to the American supply charts. Do you have any places to go on with those? I don't want other questions for you. There's like a Vatican. They sell charts. How do you think they make a living? Well, you think Steve Stance was such a good guy. Do you know him? Because I've worked with him. George Elligree would be a good man. He's a nodal ass. And then he's not my team at the time. I'm hungry. What a moron. We thought he was a good guy. I don't know him that well. Maybe he's an asshole. Why don't you tell me is a good guy? He doesn't put me. What? Has he been in all the time, so I don't think ever. You always know you. He doesn't mean crap. You're a good guy. See, now if you're losing your mind, you're making up stories. You are a children. You're not giving me a way. I know this. I saw that Joan Crawford movie, OK? Or was it Betty Davis? No. Seriously there's a Spokeswoman. Maybe he was watching him. Robert Stanley. What about her? No, it was in good bird. Gaslight. Gaslight. Yeah. Which heralds boy. Uh-huh. That's what you're doing. No, yes, like to require anything you're confusing you every time I ever actually Everything anybody ever mentioned require me you said he's an asshole right I never had a word with Steve Stancele You always said he's a great guy. I never said that you said he got screw over over there He did but that was just here in the store. Oh, everyone got he wasn't a great guy Then how could he get screw over if you're an asshole then you deserve a good screw. Oh, okay Well, maybe that's not over. Everyone at GTR cuts. So maybe see and so I don't know. Well I'm just going based on your word not my ideas ever And he even wiped off his anti was coming out of the bathroom course You don't even take a leak just like I don't I'm a little bit suspicious of guys that have to wash their hands after they take a leak What are they washing off my Clean is the fallen snow. I don't have to wash my hands after I take a leak. Maybe they got some splash back Yeah, right And then what Rick Oasis splashed back at you something like that huh, scored skirt That's what he always said You hate Rick Riley. Why don't you just don't hate Rick right okay. Let's you know I'm gonna add a bowl of conformity okay. I know we can't come on here with us. He'll confirm it We've had our issues you hate him. I don't you despise him. He's my second favorite right wing Christian Looney takes no points. Yeah, who knows the stock market? I'll let those the stock market now Would you take any stock tips from him? No My not I mean after all. What is he? Oh about the market All right, it's a topless. So I take it back the last Colorado apologize Steve's dance. Oh, he's an ass. I don't know. I don't know He was we never even worked on the same station. He was down the hall there were a lot of people down the hall And we'd see in passing I mean at least they spoke unlike this place For the power 96 people. I mean the bowl. She's nice You know So you're driving at dig rig in the morning. She's nice and Anybody else? Kinturi he's hot and cold, you know when you agree that's a good description of him. He's a good guy But he's I didn't say wasn't a good guy, but he's hot and cold He's moody Maybe wouldn't you be if you had to run all those if I've been married on our squid you bet your sweet ass Militon spick you bet If I had to work with a bunch of idiots down on you bet But you've been animal people that don't speak English in the elevator because they want to make fun of you Oh, yeah, I know what it's all about down there pound 96 you're not fooling anybody You're a bunch of little puddwackers you're much a little bush legers and what you are, okay? There's like maybe two or three good people there were some good people over there, but they all got canned Like our good friend what's his name? What was his name? And then don't tell me you didn't like him The guy like that guy right now, but somebody's on my phone forget about your phone You don't have word doing a radio show something it off your phone. Get out the phone you jerk didn't like who Jonas you don't answer you love Jonas Yeah, oh, oh, here he goes You thought he was a great guy. He was a great guy and now and I was shocked and just made you found out you're wrong. I was wrong. He was kind of a an asshole He's an asshole Why do you think we call him? John nasty? I guess now we know now what about done Cox? What's he doing? He called the other day? Kimbo camper oh, oh, maybe Kimbo talk about that call. You think so? WCYM Well What is it? Hello, I'm QYM. Yes, hey, how are you? Okay? This one. Thank you profusely I heard during the week when you're talking about the high-declare authorities yes, which I was taking until then Yes, I was taking 25 milligrams and I spoke to my doctor bad I thought I want to offer this now Well, what did he do we wait and go ahead and combination of veins attack? Yeah, I want to give you a replacement And I'm going in for blood test tomorrow And he's gonna reevaluate it by told him I think his chronic symptoms were I thought very bloated right constantly and No, I'm gonna lose any kind of weight and there you go. See I still can't lose anyway So Monday, but I go back and see Dr. Mark again I'm gonna make damn sure he gives me a prescription for something else because I can't get entirely off the HCT because my pressure still is an accurate and I want something else is a mid-in blood pressure gloves out there and Most of them don't have this side effect you can't lose and you cannot lose an ounce when you're taking this crap when you're taking dial reddix I went on the I went on the internet last night and if you put in any of the Like days attack or end or I know it'll list out about 20 different ones with all the different Cognitive facts on them right, but the one thing that I'm talking about right here's Bob Lincoln with my pan aesthetic acid I hope I declare Thor's eyes like poison. Yeah, you're right. It's one of the worst Well, congratulations you're in your welcome. I save your life. Thank you. Okay. Is that it? Pantheon complex. What a guy Bob Lincoln from Lincoln whatever travel at is He doesn't need my help. He's making a fortune with his acting stuff 400 people this year on that that can's cruise anybody want the information call Bob Lincoln don't ask me And thanks by the way for our buddy Richard, but that I don't want to say what airline till I go on and I'll let you know But he's the best No, I'm not on here just sitting here with a microphone open now practicing. I'm practicing Bob. Are you one a year right now? No, I'm just talking I always sit around talking to myself Am I on the air right now? What what I mean Bob? I would ask you if you're a bullseye, but we went on those trips together So I know the answer already. Viva a lot of Vegas. You sure can't sing I'll tell you that boy But you do have a good sense of humor anybody that would have the balls to sing Viva Las Vegas after what you put us through but anyway Pantheon complex God bless you God bless America and by the way Yeah, I'm sure you know he's moving into a building. There was a kid at the hockey game last night He's moving into a Florida wherever he lives down here. You know where he lives Oh intent and Tamara But we'll have to have him in on a show one day Bob actions What are you looking at me like that for? Okay No, no, what do you mean luncheon with him for what I'm trying to lose weight? I don't want to lose Have lunch Where I went on what days that I'm not going on a ship. Okay. Thanks Bob get out of here But you know about the new book right focus great and I got bags in bags So in other words, I don't have to go out and buy a bunch of expensive vitamins because all these things He tells me I should be taking and it's you know when he doesn't have the law bed is the coke you 10 And you want to know why cuz that's real expensive stuff. I bought some that's great stuff coins on cue Does he have it well? We're waiting for it Great excellent Order it and I'd rather have a free from you though Okay, there you go. I got my pan of theme complex here. Wow. I'm starting to get a complex just talking about looking as long in public Thanks Bob WC William. Hello Yeah, yeah, yes, sir The first thing I think we should take care of family business. Take care of one which you take don't worry Why in Murray? Yeah, yeah Robert Yeah, Joey Courtney yeah, Robbie need to mine. Robby need to mine. Kirk Muller Cop Mallor your hand got along. Yes, yes, yes Line them up and their families. Okay, and give them all a swami sandwich Boy everything is just getting out of control here today getting really out of control 567560 pound five 60 on the mobile one line. That's a Q.A.M Yes, sir In the short meal Neil must be to George Hello, yes, or speak to me. Oh, I got a sample story for you a few years back The IOD people were playing the Zayda people and they picked up basketball games. Yeah, and they added this gym and About three-quarter spaseless playing for whoever have about three quarters to the game This when the comes in with this little little girl with a big cast on her arm She'd obviously broken around. Yeah, it turns out a little bit hits will daughter and earlier in the day She is fallen and her arm and stand so went to the pick-up game as wife took his mother to the hospital To get her put her arm put to a cast. Yeah, so this pickup game was so important So in other words, you're saying he's an asshole. That what you're saying? That's what I'm saying Okay, thanks See you're wrong George. He is an asshole and don't deny that you're the one I know how would I know he's a good guy. Where would I get that from? How one else? We're maybe that was ever told me somebody I OG told me that he was a really good guy That he got screwed over there. Maybe it wasn't you the told me that but who else did I ever talk to over there? He said you Well, I am we were all very close over there always me and round Me and Rick we were pretty tight. I mean, I like him a lot better than you do. Let's all those barbecues And I'm not that crazy bottom. I mean, he's already Maybe it was Cheryl told me that now she wouldn't have told me that because they were the ones that screwed them over So she wouldn't have said that. Maybe it was Remember Cheryl are good friends that we don't hear from anymore? Who I don't think was it sunny funeral? See now that I mean for me not being there. I just don't do a few animals. I don't believe in that But why wouldn't she be there? Was Bob at sunny funeral Bob Green? Well, let's find these things out. Okay, because if not I think we ought to embarrass them 1256 and 560 WQM. So I take back what I said about this dance We'll have to continue doing a survey and find out. I wish him well anyway, okay? I'm not gonna jump to judgment did that he's an asshole because a couple of people call his station and are like You know, I want to knock anybody cannot people, right? I don't do that. I'm Bob Lincoln. I'll make an exception After those two trips to Vegas. Oh, oh Who? How did I survive? How did I survive? Well, we try to pay with a credit card all over He's laughing in there too. What are we going again? I'm going twice this year by the way. You're not any the receipt not with me Oh Oh I remember seeing the man at a taco bells I in a burrito He showed on time so it sounds them to make the order to go Three strippins with a bag as gets into his car He eats while stating in traffic but doesn't get too far Take some sense of visual in hopes that it will last Like you get painful Then you really have my own life what it's like You really might know what it's like Then you really might know what it's like They really might know what it's like One or two at five sixty w q a and welcome to our gigantic one two hour today So our whole question they see stencil good guy or asshole How do we get into this all I did was try to say something nice about somebody because I saw him again He's always been friendly to me, but now I have no reason to say that he's an asshole No reason to say that she want to tell me I don't I'm not one of those people that jumps on a bandwagon ever If somebody calls the show it says well, I don't know he's really an asshole I'm not going to say I say the same thing just because you said maybe you're the asshole Because with these colors thing God most of might don't know so they're anonymous I don't know who the hell they are maybe they're an asshole In fact some of them I do know and they are an asshole not too much in any's name Because he squeezes himself very tightly every time I say that name But I mean why should I a guy that I once worked with who seemed like an Oculus to me? Maybe he was a hard ass. Maybe he's a bad guy. Maybe he's a real problem person. Maybe he's a trouble maker. I don't know And quite frankly what doesn't have to do with anything anyway Steve F&&s Stancel and that is Michel Michel We've gone from the important stuff here like tearing up the toilet paper before shoppers starts to a Steve Stancel It's not even Jewish. I don't think She read not you know look Jewish 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. It's your all call that by the way to straighten this out. She call no, I'm not here from her no more Now that you ran off with that rich Jew from New York WQAM hello What is it? Want a bench one I wanted to the Signal station yeah Okay, here's a signal for it got it 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line here's whatever this is QAM hello Yes, sir. Hi. This is Mark from Bell South Tested line for the working yeah, Mark. Uh-huh. Sure WQAM hello Okay, sir Downs here I have you allowed I mean we're low I've been out of town now That's I'm not thinking about orthodox Judaism sir. I actually am going on so I can't okay But I I moved out of town about three years ago when you were still on the other station We don't even say don't say the call enters of that W-I-O-D-E-O I hate that station. Yeah, and this is first news to me You're over here filled down everything's like you just discovered that I'm here while Phil are you sure you want here him no more Yeah, I heard he's in California. Yeah, but wait a second I came back yesterday, but man the more things change the more things do the same you still got the same retard colors right? That's right. No, they didn't all think I've been moving Unfortunately for you right well, it's nice to hear you again great to be heard yeah One one last thing I moved to Dallas Yeah, I think is Believe it or not This place is better than Dallas because Dallas is full of retards in your house right because so you're back permanently now Yeah, I'm back well, I'm glad but thank God we got see we're always here to about people that are leaving and it's always the wrong people that are leaving They're going to brain larger than their penis, you know, yeah We got a guy that came back who's got a brain Yeah, yeah, I couldn't take it You know how big it is and is brain either by least of that something yeah, it's something but another God bless you sir All right, see you later now all right there you go. We got one back Oh, only but surely building our audience one least of it at a time. That's how we do it here at QAN Well, and believe me that's the way we do it. We don't believe in no promotions We don't believe in no any to mean until stuff we just do it by word of mouth by orally That's how we do it here believe my guarantee there's plenty of oral going on in this place Oh, yeah Maybe noodlebirds out the picture now. Now what did that put what was he bugging you with that Coligan stuff okay. We love the Coligan people they love me. I told them give me some breathing room I'm not as hyper as he is thank God. I'd be dead. I mean a box Jesus calm down. What is his name Peter? Christ No, not Christ Peter Just give me a chance to breathe. Okay. I'm going to Toronto the your Panthers game up there with the Maple Leaf Saturday I'll be back on for next week We'll set that thing up with the Coligan people everything's fine They brought the water already which I forgot to mention we said that there are fingers and they were here my right They brought already. Yes, they were here They're the best the Coligan people snap your fingers, maybe and they show up like that like magic With that great water that we're supply and of course these other are grateful bastards around ability It's just like like I said you don't raise money for a center water criminal's house looking for gratitude Does you ever get any you don't help the other people under building feeding them or giving them water because you're looking for gratitude Because you'll ever get any you don't interrupt coriander you update You know trying to straighten him out with a correct information about hockey which this station knows nothing about you don't get the gratitude Huh didn't even come in here and shake my hand and Say thank you so much for helping me not look like an ass Of course this station ought to be used to what I mean they show their actual time All these bad bad pieces of information those horrible embarrassing interviews like they will carc thing, you know WQAM hello Stand for good guy at some really good weeds back in the 80 yeah, and it's quitting the station. Yeah, I know that I'm pleased stop talking about the tanzers and your doctors. Oh my god. Okay. Thanks for listening to the 5.50 QAM WQAM hello Sir what the whole going on around here today me what Nothing here I know you don't screen colors for Jesus Christ I just better with George pick up the call He know that is not this is that we've had a good the show today. We got a great show I don't know I love you Neil with today has been kind of a tough listen to no You've loved every man. I mean all right. I want to talk about how much time you start listening this morning 11 o'clock and it's after one of you're still listening Neil God, okay, but Neil good right how about Yeah, but don't tell me the car Now I'm gonna have to question with don't I know what you're gonna say don't tell me call it really. Really Okay, hello, I'm listening. Yeah, I want to ask you a question Why are you so insecure? Why do you think I'm gonna hang up? Yeah, sometimes it's a well today You haven't a good day sometimes you haven't a bad day. I love this show. Yeah. Yeah I have I've never have a bad day. Okay. When you see the check your realize every day is worthwhile, okay? Okay, yeah, well back you know, okay? That's all right. That's a good segue to my point My point is I'm a college student I had $2,000. I want to invest it. Yeah, and I want to be a money man like Uncle Meal Yeah, so now this is a serious question. What what do you think I should put my 2000 in the stock market? Pomp and a park tonight Shemal will be for a while Neil what? Pomp and a I don't know anything about these What are they? Horses. The horse is yeah. Yeah. What a silly silly. Bungie horses. I don't know anything about fillies. No, that's the wrong thing. I don't know what guillies we got when working here in the morning show Yeah, yeah, he's not a silly more like what is your like a game you'll or something Yeah, well, all right What a thing okay, pal whatever okay, call up your bill. He'll straighten you out right Rick now what my pa okay See you're just you're I don't understand your deal. I just don't get it You're just not like you used to be you know, I'm willing to well you'd be a real little prick Can I just try to lay every you want everybody to like you which is not good? I don't want anybody to like me. Well Rick already hates you so what they're doing? It doesn't make any difference. Oh and Roger Magal and he can't stand you and the rimmer Oh, remember whoop, I know that's my positive. Okay. Hey, he hates your rimmer. Oh, he's already out of town Called me this morning, but he's you know setting up for me to buy him lunch there in Toronto Not bad enough. I have to buy him meals when they're down here, but now in Toronto And of course he's got me over a in a ringer there because he's getting me free tickets for the hockey game So I guess the least I can do is buy him like a little a deli there at the pickle barrel I sure enjoy that meal. He got me forgetting in that air check Well what's the date Okay, let's our poll question. Well George get his $200 from play the month before he gets the female from remember which one comes first, okay? Either the above or no, I didn't think so I'll just find She won't go down, but it is up again, you're now put on a kick this out. She won't go down But it is up again. You'll never go to keep it down. She won't go down But it is up again. You're now go to keep it down. She won't go down But it is up again. You'll never go to keep it down He's trying to whisk the drink. He's trying to whisk the drink. He's trying to whisk the drink. He's trying to whisk the drink. He's trying to whisk the drink. He's trying to whisk the drink. He's trying to whisk the drink. He's trying to whisk the drink. He's trying to whisk the drink. He's trying to whisk the drink. He's trying to whisk the drink. When it's up against Janette, he's going to keep the downhill. He won't go downhill. When it comes up against Janette, they're going to keep it down. She won't go downhill. What did he do up against Janette, but he going to keep the downhill. She won't go downhill. But it's up against Janette, but he won't go downhill. I want to destroy the five species. Who's the only ones who are still using them? The only ones who are still using them just can't squeeze anything out of them. Maybe that's the problem. I can't squeeze it out. That's why they had toilet paper all turn up in sheets. Why can't we when we look for Anthony? I don't want to hear from your buddy David, okay? What? He's out of town. Oh no, what do we have in the country? I don't know. Please don't tell me we don't have Orthodox Jews listening to the show. Even if it's already to make it in Pistach. Are they allowed to listen right now? It's not the shop, of course. Oh, is the Pistach over the idea? I think. We know. Isn't it till sunset? Or till sundown tonight? How sundown, do you know why? Let's get sundown on the phone. Are you positive? He didn't know the answer. Sundown is yours, you know? Yes. Just a very simple thing about turning up the toilet paper. You think that I made that up? Just like I made up the fact you told me Steve Tenzel was a great guy. And how sad it was he got screwed over over at the Cox. You did tell me that up. You made that up. I did not make that up. Where would I make that up from? What would be the concern? Oh no, the hard bitten bastard that I am. One but I ever make up that somebody anybody told me something good about somebody. You know that diabetes starts eating the weight you're brain. What? WQAM. Every one of WPPO hockey hates Steve Stanzel. And next time he brings his boonies up there as kids will put us ass in the boards. All right. Okay. So like I said Steve Stanzel, he's an asshole. I mean, I thought I ever taken anybody else's word, but so far. Overwhelming. WQAM. Hello. I mean, how are you doing today? Okay, sir. Steve Stanzel. Don't be afraid to use a brush now. What again? Yeah, he looked pretty, uh, pretty terrible. He's had a rough time over there, you know. And I think in the future, if you look at your ticket, you are off to your target. What else he doing on there? I said, I don't even know before the season started right. Yeah. I'm a boy and I want to say to the fans of fans. I'm sure it's better than your spot. The answer to them, sure. You're all there. There you go. Famous Anus. Anus Carter there had to had trick last night and the offense were throwing all the hats on it. And luckily, as luck would turn out, it was hat night. And they handed out Panther caps last night. And the guy for the other team, famous Anus Carter. He gets the hat trick from Michigan State by the way, number 33. Schwarzer, but a hell of a good player. See, I mean, Edmonton's got my career. The bro ones who got anus famous Anus. Other than St. Louis, blues who got grandfeeor. There's some good black players in the NHL. Not too many. We don't want to overdo it. And we got the big black guy named Peter, who's busy slashing guys. And a hook in guys. And a cross checking on me at all. All over the ice trying to provoke another stupid fight. So we can stick his ass in the box again. I mean, just useless. Useless is a big heaping pile of dogs for Brian Murray or Terry Murray, which what's the difference. You know, right? Spells the same. It is the same. Why do you think they call them VN? WQAM? Yes, we have to be to Neil. Speaking, sir. Oh, Neil. Yes. John Ford is going to replace Brooke Ganyos because Henry Barrow had to retire. He's going to come on the first. I already had that yesterday. Yes. He changed coming on to the first team. John Ford, the first team. He was successfully going to take over Brooke Ganyos. Who John Ford? Yes. He's taken over for Brooke. Right. Because he failed in the morning and had a point one. That's right. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Steve Caine is taking over for Brooke Ganyos. And John Ford is replacing. I want to do it again. I think that was Stanfield doing a voice. How did he get on the Steve stands for? He became a hotter topic than the toilet paper. Yeah. You're a hit Steve. You may be an asshole according to some of these people. But he write big, big fat, uh, teated hit. Like they said, like, uh, faith in them, we said. No, Robert Duvals said that. And nobody said he said we've got a big. Yeah. WQAM. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I have the controversy solved on the toilet paper. All right. Here we are. Thank God. First of all, the orthodox juice can't call you because it's your scut today. It's your scut? The last day of Passover. Right. And it is true. I had the misfortune of going. Is that where you say yes, good old, the yes, good old. It's very similar. Uh-huh. But it's true. If you are ultra-religious, you do tear it up because that is considered tearing anything. Whether it's paper, toilet paper, cardboard, if you didn't. Uh-huh. Oh, geez. That would just turn up this pornographic treasure that came in on the fact machine. I'm going to burn them now. I don't want Josh Friedman to see it and get excited. Uh-huh. There it is, Neil. You speak the image. No, no way to make it. So the toilet paper is, I didn't hear that part. Say it again. You can't. Even tearing paper is considered work. Right. Like whatever. Carboard, whatever it is. There you go. So you are correct, sir. Thank you, sir. God bless you. It's like a zone. What? But the wiping isn't? What do you spend more time doing? Terring or wiping depends on the nature of the- If you're real lucky, you spend more time. Because that's what you're working. What? Terring, you know, there it is. It's torn. But it's wiping. Yeah. Like I said, if you're lucky, if you're lucky, if you're lucky, we'll have a real sanitary movement. I want to do a great while. Like an animal. You ever see an animal wipe? No. No, they don't have to. That's just the way nature is. That's what we've got made it. Animals. They don't have to work. They don't have to balance their checkbook. They don't have to do anything to animals. Including wife. No. But humans eat them like us too much. Because they're watching him. She ate that. She was part of the pair on the ground. And he was pissed off about that. I mean, if God was so pissed off about all these sexual things, how come he invented those organs? That penis in that vagina. Why do you do that? No. W. W. Q. A. M. Meal? Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Great show, by the way. Last night was my first game ever. Oh, and I loved the place. You mean the macarine? Yeah, the place is great. The place was okay. The place was really nice. But I was pissed. I was sitting in a very uncomfortable area, which was about four or five rows from the eyes. And I was like, you can't find the right behind the coach. I think it's my memory. Yeah, Murray. And when I got one, I don't know if they had told you he was. He got in some kind of argument with one of the coaches from the islanders. And they were really close. I'm funny because we were playing the Bruins last night. So I was funny the islanders coaches would have stuck around for a few weeks. I think the Bruins. Okay, whatever they were. Oh, attention to your Rogers. I've been listening for about four months. I've heard of respect to you because you told it like it is. And I started distributing natural health vitamins, etc. And so on. And he wants to tell me a bunch of stuff here. Natural trim. Okay. Michael, the answer is... No. Amazing how they all want to use this show as a conduit to same fortunate success. There's no diet pill. Michael, I hate to break the news. Yeah, even one that Erica Strott is peddling all over the world on those informers. That's made right here in Miami, by the way, which isn't this one, but some other a piece of stuff. Oh, yeah. Well, people were trying this and we couldn't believe it. They were losing weight with his crab. That's basically what he says name for. Yeah, we couldn't believe it to lose weight. Just take it. You lose some weight. We know how it works. No. But Erica Strott, look at her. I mean him. It. WDQAM. WDQ Mr. Goodport. QAM. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. Deal? Yes, I am. You're going to Toronto next week? Next week. This week. Have you spent much time there? Meaning what? In Toronto. No. Great town. Never been there. Great town. You're going to love it. Yeah. Lots of things to do. Great restaurants to eat in the people are nice. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's. In the world's. The. The largest bookstore on Edward Street and the eating center. You can walk the street. How about how about the HM shots there in young Edward? The whole play. I'm on all the tags on church street. If it wasn't so damn cold there. How about the sudden play so tell it? Well, it's in the bay. It's a great place. Well, I'm looking forward to being there for the first time. Thank you. Well, he wasn't listening. Don't you understand. He wasn't listening. Don't you understand. He wasn't listening. I was saying. Exactly. Thank you, sweetheart. How's little Jennifer doing by the way? She's not. Not you're going to be picking on her next. We love you. I love you. Well, thank God. You're at least consistent with one thing. God damn it. You must have some of problem with these. Stance. There must be something must happen between the time that you told me. What a great guy he was. And now. Because otherwise, I know it was you never spoke to or of Steve Stancele. Never said his name before today. Well, now that's not true. We just we've made that. That's all. We're going to cross a crap. That's bull crap. See, now, now any chance you had any credibility. Oh, that's bull. That's just crap. Never said his name in public. Or anyone. Oh, okay. No one has heard me say his name in a way. You see, you know, since the guy called it said we're taking all the Cubans in Puerto and saying, back, then you've been real nervous since that call. Yeah. You know that. You're okay this morning. But as soon as that guy called you been losing it, you're thinking to someone else. No, you we mentioned him on a year before. You have maybe. And you will discuss not not on the year. No. Yes. Some other person. Steve. Nickel. Sound like Stancele. Nickel. WCOM. WCOM. Hey, does that guy listen to this station? Who's that? The guy has actually been here even in Toronto. No, he don't listen. He wasn't even listening. Listen, he wasn't even listening to my end of the conversation. I'm giving him every landmark. I've given the name of every, uh, somebody stop on a rocket there and the young sweet line and then more line. And he's still low now. Oh, it's a little bit. I still love it. Yeah. Tell him I'll see nothing could be fine. I'll see nothing could be fine. I'll see nothing could be fine. I have another one to add to your list of jobs. Yes, sir. I work in the, uh, uh, air conditioning and refrigeration business. Right. Now more flyers and the Philadelphia. Exactly. Nice to the good news. Tell your douchebag. Okay. Well, I've never been in Toronto. Should be a pretty interesting scene. Lisa, I haven't been in the air. Canada center yet. I have not been there yet, sir. And I will be there Saturday night. Going, going, leave. Go. Go. That's right. Now, I'll be buying a room or lunch done. Say, sir. Well, definitely, I gotta look at that. Here's the closing up of the capital. mor I'll be there later tonight and going to the Cherryman company also got whatever has been brief thanks to that only. I was gonna let you get yours out of the way. Mine is fine. Mine is fine. Now, all right, go for it. I wouldn't say it's an emergency, but it's uncomfortable. I don't want to burden the audience with my sounding like, I was gonna say constipated, but they would be the opposite, you know. I don't want to sound like that. So I figure, oh yeah, this is like four minutes and 25 seconds to do. Now, if you can, but it's not even standard. I can't wipe it. I'd like to have some sort of a better future. About me, about the way our American hearts be laid down, about our marches. About that special feeling we get in that taco for our hearts. We'll be the little bit harder. Maybe in the subcontract, maybe in the liver, maybe in the kidneys, maybe in the colon. We don't lose. I'm just doing the liver show with the regular sound. I'm your average white suburban ice line. I like the call for no one. What's the Bible? I got an average house. Where the nice yard would floor my wife and my child, my child, my car. I'll put on my bed and let you do the job. But sometimes I'm just paying enough to keep a man like me. I don't know it. I don't know how to go out and out, but it's not what I always do. But what we do is, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm really close in the open bed playing. Well, people will see a tiny piece of art going in the fair. And I'm like, so, you're a little bit more, you're a little bit more. Come on up, girl. You're a little bit more. I use public toilets and I can't stop the sheep. I walk around in the summer sun, but I'm not allowed to see. Ow! Okay. Well, I don't want to play the whole thing that was fast. Okay, I don't want you around. I'm going to tell you, Sillian, okay, in the form of, well, say that stuff I take with the K. Console, Console, very good. Finally. Oh, remember, ever since I was with Stancele? That's the only reason that you remembered it is because you're in that Steve Stancele that I all the day. Console, K-O-N-S-Y-L. Got Sillian, but it's all Sillian. You took the time to wipe properly and everything? See what I'm trying to tell you is that when you're taking the Sillian, it comes through you so and acceptically that wiping is just a matter of just one, you're like Paul Simon to that mother and child that little, just emotion away. And nobody said that, so let's just go one more way. I'm like a little, poor, poor melody, right? Just a vowel? Like my golden retriever. I mean, he goes on the backyard and drops any normals. He never wiped yet, ten years old, never wiped once. Clean his whistle. W-W-U-M? I'd be a peat, peat, oh, shit. Not bad. Not bad, sweetie, P-D. Well, they're obsessed. They're psychotic over there. They're really there and nuts. And they all listen to by the way. Every one of them. I don't want to say Tom Denver to tell me that. So look at the Daniels for me now. They're all listening right now. They're gathering around the radio, playing grandmas with each other. And requires it home getting real bent on the shape in between calm and stock broker about the fact you said those terrible things about them. W-W-U-M? Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Yeah, look. I work out of a film here in a beach and I'm not going to mention those names. That's OK. But Daniel Koonan and Hangin' out there one. But we do have his other Jewish people for past over the coming over year. Not no, wait a minute. Well, what was that? I know that it was Todd Dreck. I saw that one. I was the other guy that was out there. I don't know. People looking, just opening up the door and looking in. What is that? If they would put those people in there like I told them to. They wouldn't have to do it. I had to, I'm sorry. I was interrupted by some short Jewish salesmen. OK. Well, the thing is, is that during the past, over they can't do certain things like touch money or sign for anything. They also can't flush toilets. Yeah. They can't, the elevators got to stop on all the floors. They can't hit the button in the elevator. Right. Of course not. It can't turn on the lights in the room. Right. Now can they rub their mousosa? They could do that. OK. They can rub it. The thing is, is that I've been looking in the Bible to find out where does it say they can't use an elevator or the electricity or anything mechanical. You know what? I can't find it. I can't find it. No, the living. Leviticus. In Leviticus? No. Chapter 27 verse 69. WCWM. Yes sir. OK. You know the alarmaries don't watch Steve's dance so Steve can't or nice to you because they feel like they can gain something by being nice to you. What would be right there? Steve's dance was getting out of the business. What did he get again from me? He's a dancer. Steve's dance not now. I haven't seen him in years. What do you mean he's nice to me? Well, he's the alarmaries. He says anything nice to about you. How would you know he says anything nice to about me unless you're one of the four people listening to the show? By accident. Another video accident. Right. You guys. Tell. I'm just pray. Pray that you never say those things again. Don't ever do it in public in admit that you want those people listening to that make believe station. And by the way, I checked it doesn't show up at all in ratings. It's not even listed. It's like. Oh, yeah. That's it's like it doesn't exist. And I still I still don't even know what the callers are. You used to be WNN or WWNN sort of the motivation station. It doesn't even exist. But he's got to make a living. And you know, as far as these stencils say in something nicer, he I was in there taking a leak last night. And he's down the thing they're taking a leak. And I didn't recognize him because he's quite frankly, you'll be pleased that I was since you don't like him. You'll be pleased that he looked a little, you know, warm for where he's been in the business with your little kid. Huh? He he he's getting he's not aging gracefully. He looks old Steve for a guy. He's not that old. But he's not, you know, he's good thing he's getting out of the business. And I'm on my way. I said, Neil, I said, and he's washing his hands after he took a leak, which makes me suspicious. I said, yeah, Steve, thanks. Oh, yeah, Steve haven't seen you in a long time. So it's always good to say, haven't seen you in a long time when you don't recognize somebody because then they feel like, well, you didn't recognize him as opposed to, and I didn't recognize him. And we walked out in a hunt. He like wiped off his hand and then shook my hand. What? Well, when your hand is all wet, you don't take somebody else's hand. All depending on what it's worth from. And what the intent is. But at any rate. And he says, I'm getting out of the business. I can't see that clear channel anymore and to them. And I say, yeah, that's a good idea. They're all the same. And good luck to you. He's going into promotion production. He's going to be a sort of whatever he's doing. I wish him luck. And spite of what all these people say, I still wish you luck, Steve. I don't know you're from Moissie, public. And I still wish you luck because I happen to be a pretty good guy. I don't wish any of the talent bad luck except in this building. I'll make one or two exceptions. Just tell me what your problem is. Goodbye. You're okay. You're okay. You're okay. You can't predict stupid, crazy old talk meant work with the signal we can barely hear. The pinner call of your career. You won't be beaten. You've had your share of free food in trade-offs income from your salad-baining with the world's jobs. And you'll need some cash now so tell those things it's cloud, so by John Wayne Gacy, the man from Nathla, no longer has a core of the space. My dear, you can't do cakes with essential food. And joy doesn't stop me by any power. You need to continue joyful conferences. This way, fucking crazy! Some things i don't mind. It's just So they go to hell. My by-man looks who's doing well. But on the bright side. Unlike John Paul, you don't have your nose up, hold your tail. Who's 60's inside of how much he fell. And David Walsh knows that he's the mother of his role that take his watch bubbles up his toes. Your channel's low. With their self-inforcing, co-bowards for radiohoo. No more free, man. Who's that sugar? Jesus, son. If you go quickly and build play, don't you're in your sights. Some work, little son. Get off my stove. You jerk. I'll ride. I don't see these lessons. They're all listening right now. The fact probably Steve Stancele is listening day in squeezing himself from all the excitement. He's got all the years he's been on the end of the market. He never got as much publicity as he has today. Just because George said he's a dick. 145 at 5.60 WQM or do a little screenless today. We've had a great week. So far it's Thursday already. It's been a tremendous week. Oh, right. We're making it come back. Since these numbers came out, everybody found out that this show is number one half. And now they figure they can actually admit they listen to it. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? I wanted to say that I want to, I want to preface this question that I'm a pretty big homeer when it comes to the hockey team. Yeah. I was listening to your show yesterday. And I heard the guy call out about Linsey and Laws about the B.O. Korean. Pretty much lambasted. I wanted to agree with you. Yeah. I didn't know if he had seen in the Sun Sentinel a few days ago. Was either Michael Mayo or one of those other writers. So it said 75 games, 11 goals, mediocre. And he basically won a bad list of them. So while something Lindsey didn't play last night, and the record continues, then these six years of its existence, this team has never won a million. He literally lends the lineup and he's got it. And he's got it. And he goes out through any bangs people and he's fast. And he gives you 100% effort. And he's not supposed to be there to be a big goal. So anyway, that's not it. Oh, I totally agree with you. And I was very big Bill when she paned. And I just wanted to give you my Brian Murray impression. Okay. Obviously, this team is lacking some talent with the recent injury. And we're going to have to get some more scores. From the organization. From the organization. From the organization. From the youngsters in the organization. And have a nice day. Can I call somebody to do a spec? Go ahead. A million of these are my own. You're a douchebag. Okay. Yeah. We'll see. Get a shummarine sandwich for the Murray boys. They're going on the bus. They're going up to Buffalo. The play to Shabers. WQAM. You know why the whole area of the team is dogs. WQAM. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, are you bloody great. Hey, I just wanted to tell you that I want to make a right of great institution that pineapple freees put together there. Yeah. And pineapple push. Yeah, pineapple push. Yeah. I'm a little confused with our money. Yeah. Can't we get 100 million of the taxpayers money, yeah. Can you imagine we can't see that goal like when it comes to all that's all right. Maybe next year. I, all right. Cool. I can realize that's why everybody's going to come back next year to see if he fixes the goal. I just go ahead. Can you explain the difficulty to an off-site and icing? No. WQAM. Hello. Oh, geez. Not bad in all this time today though. WQAM. Do you think this book where we should make the whole of fame? He was in my whole of fame. I'll tell you that. Like that book, a robable. He sure looked good. He was always injured though. I think didn't tend to have a thing for him by the way. Maybe that's what James all pissed off about. Yeah, he built him a house and mansion and all kind of stuff. I think he even put a bidet in his team room. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I'll call him from full-lordel. Speaking. Yeah. I want to say that the, the tunnels were the best series of decades. The what? The tunnels were the best series of decades. The tunnels? Yes sir. Oh, I haven't watched it yet. I'm ending. It's really good. Great. Listen. It's a very good and a music of great and a really story. Okay bro. Boca Brian and sister I should watch it. Yeah, he's right. Okay I'll do it. Thank you sir. You're welcome. Oh, okay. While there you go, I mean I've got I know you want to see it. But you'll have to wait. Of course, God willing. You know is when I'll get around to watch it. That's what Brian Wilson said. God only knows when you get around with. What? It's on tape. I'll wait. Yeah, you'll wait. You damn right your way. I got to wind me before I watch that. I got to watch that Shawshank Redemption with that Schwarzternut. Whatever that movie is. Morgan, what is it about? It's a prison thing, right? Yes. And will you see it? Yes. And will I like it? It's adequate. Hmm. It's all right. But Jason brought it in special yesterday. When I was that was that he's on personal copy. Yeah. Because he said bring it back. Yes. Now there's Jason the way thing about movies. I can spoken much about movies. It's Jason. What have you spoken about besides drugs? I was in C. Right. P. You. Yeah. WQAM. Why do you mean that? About our program. Do you mean talking about? Pussy galore. You're not going to believe where you will believe this. When I went out to take a dump, he was in the hallway. Oh, it's true. It's true. You know, like he was, this was a revelation to him that I was talking on the ear. Why else would I play Dennis Leary? It's like my car. You know, back in the work of yours when we were DJs. Everybody always put on the car through park when it was time to fix it. I haven't had a slide with you. Oh, thank you so much. Richard Harris. The song sucks, but it's just an happened. It's long. And people actually believe we can nail where supposed to be planned this. Lionized by the Eagles. Yeah. That was good. I love the Eagles by the way. I mean, they're not air-osmets. But they're pretty good. They're not forner. They're not ELO. WQAM. Yes, sir. Hey, you're into cool. Go, honey. WQAM. Yes, sir. Yeah. We have to hear it walk through the panel. What is it? What the hell? We're in Hollywood. Okay. Hello. Hello. Hollywood, yes. Yeah. Speaking. I think he was. I think he was. Yeah. He's speaking. I think he was. Now, we'll see. And that movie, dumb and dumb. I think he was. I think he was doing it, which him carry. Okay. What am I doing? 151 of 2. I can't believe the way this show is gone. By we had lunch already. I took a good sport. What's more, could you want? Got a chance to see some of our Jewish salespeople. That's their visit for this month, by the way. No more. No more. How's Jorge? I was Jorge Moscow. So, you're doing by the way. You seen him lately?