Sports radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Latterdale presents the Neo Rogers show. On to Neo called 567-0560 toll free-branded and narrowed for pound-560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neo his guests, Pauler's or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Leaf wave requisitions or the Beastly Broadcas what now – Audio形c neighbors on Sports Radio 5602AM which I can think of anything to say in a gentleman? Members five. Of nos uh padded spoil I can win all the fixed ends, where I'm gonna set eat up, cause there's life more in me than you. I had to stop, cause there was so stuff. Five plate fools was wide enough. I had to whack me, dock me, turn up some stuff in, but my pants cut my belly was bustin' when it was time for me to get out of there. Grandma gave me life's a tough for me. Full of gravity potatoes. I'll be eating all of this until Christmas, a little bit of stuff in, cause they come, I found a match for tails and a turkeys bone. A little bit of ham on that in-forves. Better eat it up, be for his bones. Grandma is all panicked, I don't cheat. Put some in the fridge and the rest you freeze. A little bit of yand then this needs pie. He doesn't suck his energy, it's still alive. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's do it with number. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What will I do make a horn big, got in the 30s, too? A fridge is all full, that the dumb-oom shut got turk-cake come in. Out of my butt. Oh. Oh. Let's go over to number five. Can't think of anything to say. Ten-oh-two at five, 60WQM, I have a feeling. I don't want to start getting nervous here, but I have a feeling. I don't want to start getting nervous here, but I have a feeling. And the balls of my stomach. That we could have another technical disaster here today. I could be wrong about that. Reg reads running around in the hallway going, Yeah. Yeah. That's not that, because they're finally, it looked like they actually did something out here. The contractors, they must have paid them $50 this week. And they actually did something out there to God. They have a hallway. And he's running around back in, but how come he's not running around in here? They're getting these goofballs to get this stuff for fixed. God damn it. We got important, very jackass stuff to do here today. For about three or four hours, and we got to make sure everybody hears it. You know what I'm talking about? You get the message, God damn it? Oh, yeah, I'm sure you do. I mean, this is not rocket science. Okay, we've been in here for eight months, the overheads other than maybe one or two days. That wasn't a problem. The freaking phone has always been a problem, which we understand that we are going to take another 510 years to get that straightened out. So the good news is, very jackass has gone off the deep end. I found Joe. Joe rose in the worst team. I take back anything I've ever said, and a negative, about that show. The greater show in the history of sports radio right there, the worst thing, the best thing. That's right. They redeem themselves this morning. They put this, this little, putwacking, putts over the edge. I actually don't hand it me the phone there in the studio. They're about 10 minutes ago. The 80, 50, and they're very cold. And I put it to my agency was saying, goodbye. And slamming the phone down. Barry, I think you've lost it baby. Yeah. Maniac. Smuck. Anyone know why he's lost it because he's been out of the game for the 8 million times. How's John Smiley doing what I was a Marlins by the way, with his Marlin baseball team? Oh, good. Not. How's that Waffendoener that didn't show not one diary that wasn't mentioned in the summer of a tron book? Wasn't mentioned doesn't exist. That the broadcast notes from Barry Jackass in the hero today goes on and on and on about 1700 the fan knew a line up there doing this. Doing that. There's a lot of this because there's sales people are all walking out. And they keep juggling the line up every five minutes because they can't pay anybody. That's that everyone's so very juggling that in there. And it's a very end of his broadcast notes. Oh, with WQM carrying panthers, sabers and serity night, the University of Miami Virginia Tech game shifts to Waxi 790, which is a kind of a shot because all of you that put at the UM game on Waxi because they got the Bamp Panther hockey game. Barry, you are perfect for this town. You and the newspaper for which you write. Front story after front story. Then of course the best part of it was because it took a bushling town Allen Snill at the Sun Sentinel was matching him story for story and it were putting that crap on the front page too. So that each newspaper, both of our two major newspapers could match each other that for that's right. And the stake from a stake. Perfect for this town. Barry Jackass in the Harold. Bill Tory says there's nothing new with a sale of the thing. We totally when they first moved in the goddamn macaroon. Before last season started, Wayne had indicated he wanted to sell the team before they ever moved in there. That wasn't a new story. Hank mentioned that yesterday. We've been talking about this for ages. He was getting ready to unload. If a buyer came along. But it's not like there's some kind of a fire sale going on now. Is it? No. No. There's no news. There is no story. And Barry Jackass again. You know, I read the thing yesterday. I said, you know, but it's written by Barry Jackass. So you have to kind of like raise three eyebrows. That's exactly what I said. And wonder could it possibly be another goddamn Barry Jackass mistake. Uh-huh. It doesn't make any difference. What the price is, there are no buyers, Barry. There is no activity going on. There are no discussions. There was no transaction. There was nothing taking place. And once again, on the front page of a supposedly major market newspaper. And when they do something good, like the story, they 85 parts story. I'm in an actual airport. We're all more than happy to get them credit work. What does it do? I mean, a good deal story. If you throw enough crap up in a year, some of it will come back in at the ground. So when you got 75,000 pages every day, 74,800 of which are advertising, just like us sooner or later, they're going to put something in their turns out to be pretty good. Like the investigative thing, even though it's 20 years too late on MIA. And like turning on Mayor Pinga, that's very good too, because they stuck their little thing out the window. And they saw which way the wind was blowing. They said, oh, everybody hates him. He's an asshole. There you go. Nice going. That took a lot of balls. But at least we commend you for that better late than ever. But Barry Jackass, who and by the way, he's not even a sports columnist. The sports columnist in this town of the people who write a column like that appears on a first couple of pages. Not somebody that writes a throwaway crap pretending to know about the NBA way to hell in the back there. Or write so-called broadcast notes, which always appears like back on the inside back page like today. You know, any pope, I mean, as bad as he is. And Dave Hyde and Dave Joseph and what's his name? Michael Holdnamel. Those are the sports columnists in here. And this little pudwacker, this little puddle who walked up to me in the airport in Toronto a year and a half ago. I'm sitting there might of my own business waiting for the plane. Walks up to the models, didn't walk you waddled up to me. So, hi Neil. You know who I am? I said not really. I want Barry Jackson. And you know a lot of what you say about me is true. And I said, hey Barry, I'm holding the newspapers. And here's the Toronto sun. Have you ever read this paper? No, I never saw it. I said, well, here you go. I'm finished with it. Read a real newspaper with a real sports section. Find out what a real sports section is all about. And he took the paper and waddled away. He waddled away. You're an embassy. You're a bladdering jackass. That's why you got the name that fits Barry. Barry jackass. You might do the whole four hours on you when you're got the newspaper. They I'm so whipped up. And by the way, he is in the loudest call this radio station on the air. So he's calling off the air 60,000 times. And Joe Rose is an air calling. Every guy they're in a name in a book. I'll have an accurate by the way. And he's calling back. Wayne Hanginga says, I'm the best suck hole at the air. And John Hammeas is on the biggest suck hole. And the best suck hole. He has sub this. Barry, no, I'm for the second thought I'll pass. I'm at the where a body kind of before I've even spooked you again, Barry. Yeah, that's why I'm afraid that I would catch Barry jackass disease. That I would all of a sudden start running around all over town going, Eeeeh! Like that. Which is your specialty, Barry. You're a moron. You're a jackass. You're a big part. You and your newspaper are a big part of what's wrong with this town. Bush League would be a compliment for you. Okay, sweetheart. Bush League. You're not even in the category to be Bush League. And you're so transparent. It's like look at the rope pain and glass. Oh, yeah, here's the chip. We hate 2 a.m. We hate the morning guys. We hate Hank. We especially hate that bag in the middle of the day. We hate him like poison and Harold hated him for 20 years. So now here's a chance for us to pump up this fan of radio station on there with a bunch of silly people that nobody ever heard of sitting around talking to each other. Do an emitter sit down comedy. Let me say it again, Barry. They didn't even show in the summer rating book. They didn't have one diary. They aren't listed according to the arbitrage ratings. The station that you're writing about it. It doesn't exist. They don't exist. You got it bearing. Yeah. I knew you would. 10 past 10 at 5. 60 WQA. All right, okay. Go. You think black men are like black boys. A big black man. The speciality of the twig of the day. True and you don't think black men are like a tragedy in twig. Do then go to the door and call everybody. We can try your phone thing. Twig. They're like a fail, right? What's wrong with your answer? Time. Walk back and night. You're going to cry. Time. Something don't fail, bye. Oh. It's real. Roy. You'll be the big job bang tonight. All right. I'll snack your hand and prove that you're not in the way you live. Screw it. You get my boat, go now and crawl. Did you care as everybody? Do you know that you're not in the way you live? You've got to say, you're not. You just be better. The service is you guys. You go out of the door. All right. All the day with those days is out here. So. 10. 15. That's five. 50. What do we do a phone check here so we can see if the phone's going to sound okay. Because if we am coming right now, if we have another phone disaster today, like we had yesterday and the day before and the last eight months, I could just lose it right here. Let me just see line seven. See that sounds okay. It sounds clean. So somebody can call just help us check out the phone line. 567.0.560. Pound 560 on the AT&T line. Just a little line check. Okay. Before I get into this fact that the first thing got this morning. And proof is in the pudding by the way. Speaking of very jackass. I mean, I'm listening to them this morning. Never popped a CD in there. Never popped a Zit never did anything. Because I was so fascinated. I'm thinking, hey, these guys are taking a gloves off. Now they're really actually saying something. I'm giving them a high five. Right. Are we on the air by the way? Where's my line check? Where's the call here? So I can put the guy dancing on the air. You both those 567.0.560. Pound 560 on the AT&T line. I think they shut the transmitter up. Maybe that's why Greg Reid was running around up and down the hallway. Look at that. We can't even get a test call here this morning. And then the callers are all calling into my lemon and drawing this. And it also happened in the last 20 minutes there while Barry was calling. And Joe was running back and forth and we were all peeing in our pants. And what are the callers talking about? Oh, Danny and Damian and Damian get out of here. My and those people. Look at this. Let me, let's go on here. Hey, how you doing? What is that? The lines aren't ringing now. I was at the rank thing ring like 10 times a million. Oh my god, here we go again. How you doing sir? Pretty good. What lucky number was that? You were lucky number one. Lucky number one line. But the problem is that the aligns are splashing. And I'm not ringing. They're just punched up just there on and out there all by the phone is just a nightmare. Now it's a crazy. It's a nut house. Oh boy. Thanks pal. Okay. There you go. At least he sounds good. But the problem every day it's a no problem here at Beesley Greed. I want to beesley Greed. Every day. You know something I got news for you. You want me to say goodbye. Write me a check right now. Greg, okay. Just come on and I know you can't sign it. We'll have the beesley's come over. We'll pick him up in a limo and I'll have him sign a check. Okay. Bye bye. I'll take my CDs. My picture of and Ricky, a glacius. I'll take my blow up dolls. Oh my good stuff. See you later. Bye bye. Just write a check. I'll even give me a 50% off. How's that? On the last two years and ten months. Not that I'm counting. This is unbelievable. And I come into this morning and the engineers told Bluff you know, Bluff is wiping a couple tears from the corner of his eye. I guess because of that terrible hockey aim last night. Which I'm proud to say I left after the second period. So I can go home and see that amazing finish of the Penguin Montreal game. This is just unbelievable. The goddamn computer one is seeing now they're flashing here on the phone. WQLM. The program has frequently opened. Speaking. I don't know. Yes sir. Is your old tip the third buddy? I'll write. I've got a bunch of rings and I have a busy time. Uh, what? I've got a busy signal. And the phone rang about ten times and back to my- But it's ringing because it doesn't, it's, uh, it's, uh, it's where we all screwed up again here. And that sounds weird now. Do what sounds great. Yeah. Okay. Well, thanks. Okay. Tip, tip, tip by your turn. Get the turn. Right over on the floor. Okay. Oh my, I'm sitting here again. I'm wondering what the hell's going on. I can't even get a line checker here. And then come to find out the lines. They're all small rings. They're ringing off the hook even line nine. And if they're not showing up on the computer here. Again. Again like Fredo said as Marlin Brando was shot there. And then he's on the phone call the own for the eight-minute time on a sidewalk. And Fredo was rocking back and forth with his head in his hand going, again, again. That's how I feel here. Every day, I'll come in here this morning. Everything's supposed to be okay. The overhead speakers, the volume in here is so loud. That if I barely crack the pot on here. And if I barely spoke the pot, you know what I mean? Yeah. If I barely crack it a little bit. Yeah. All of a sudden it's like blurring the speakers hopping off the wall. Oh, now we're we're now we're reconfiguring we're rebooting the whole phone thing here now. I see. I would have thought that if the engineer's really cared if Greg Reed really cared. If the program director really cared, they would have made sure that they went all this through with a fine tooth comb. Yes, today after we left here with another goddamn puke-inducing show. Because the stress factor here is just too great to do a goddamn radio show. We can't even get a goddamn studio that works two years after the fact. There is something for you to write about. Very, but of course you won't because you'd have to mention my name and acknowledge that I'm on the ear. Oh, there we go. What the hell did we have to do there? What was that all about? I just had to fix something. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. We just had a fix up the Steven Roberts developed a great sense of humor about this half ass towards graphic equipment. Jesus, Joseph and Mary, when are you going to get with it Mr. Reed? Mr. Bigshot, Mr. Sports Mowel? That's wandering around in a hallway making guttable sound. Yeah. God, are you a make by you a wannabe? Oh, we want that tall. Just give us a room here that works and it will be out of your hair as, you know, that's it. Unbelievable. Fifteen more minutes of living hell here because now we finally had to go through a big song. And then, and we figured this piece of turt. There's some great pawn jobs on 441, by the way. Why do we just go out with the engineering department? And we'll just hop into the QAM van and we'll get some reconditioned crap at the pawn job. It's got to be better in the equipment we got here. I just can't believe it. Every day this studio has developing new and exciting problems that never happened before. I think it's sabotage. That's what I think. Roger Scott. Yeah, that's right. Sabotage. We got to bring in God and Shilawk home. Every freaking day. I mean, how difficult should it be after, like you've been on a year for two years in this building? I mean, way back in the beginning when Greg Wee turned tail and got on a plane or ran off to Chicago, because he knew that he was given us a bunch of crap and that we probably wouldn't be able to get on the air without a lot of technical problems. And he was right. And he's actually walking around all the way see him anywhere here as he liked involved in this. No, he's busy running around making sure what colors of color, lavender, they're going to paint the hallway. Out there outside the Power 96 studio. Look how much our truth they're going to paint the hallways out there. Jesus, Joseph and Saul. I just don't, I don't get it. I don't get it. And yesterday, having been paid it, that means it's like another two weeks till today. Until the next payday. So the motivation factor for me just to get up and run the hell out of hearing, just screaming into the hallway is very great. It's very high. But nevertheless. Was that bluff that just opened the door and gave you a look, like what is he doing besides wiping the tears from the corner of his eye? What is he doing? You want to make sure everything was alright. Oh, everything's beautiful right for the moment for the moment. Of course, I'm already warned that the overhead that the speaker is probably will deteriorate because our $15. Crescampifier is like on a way. It's on the fritz. It's on the blank. It's blanking at me. Okay. I think we can flick it and nodding off. Just when you're least expected, I'm feeling great. I'm on a roll. We got to, we're just slicing the crap very Jackson is going off the deep edge. We've got to know something Greg, we ought to be kissing our ass. He needs to have a like poison him in the harrow than very Jack ass. He's good buddy. And by the way, he's the one who encouraged him because he's the only person that Greg Reed would return his phone calls with very Jack ass. Did he return my phone calls? No. No. Nobody else will. But very Jack ass. He's got this affinity. Even gives him his home number. Even gives very Jack ass his home number. And it's just very don't call me at home unless it's really an emergency. I don't want to give it all this stuff at home. The first day after he gave him the number, very calls him asking what time it is or something like that at home. See, I'm glad that you're having an opportunity to be a part of this robber because now you have a chance to see first hand. Why I walk around go boobly boobly boobly boobly boobly like that. Why I'm such a miserable nasty son of a bitch. I was actually not a bad guy when I first came here. Now I'm just a nasty old fart. Like Randy Mower said to me as he was sitting out there in the lobby last night doing his make believe show. He says boy, I've been listening. You've been pretty crabby this week. And I said, yeah, can't imagine why Randy. How'd you like to go and try to put a show on here with equipment that doesn't work? And he looked at me like, yeah, he may be a guy to point. And I said, by the way, Pope Jigs and ribs are making him up with you. Just waking up a little bit. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, yes sir. Hello, and you phone clock. Get on your phone, man. Okay, thanks. There's a bullet from one of our Julios. He said our phone sucks getting a new phone. And he happens to be right, even a Julio's out there. Even a Julio's that are flapping avocado juice, even they know that this phone system blows. It blows big time. It blows chunks is what it does. Here, let's put you up another line. Yeah, it's blowing chunks all over the guy at the end board here. Because this place doesn't care enough to send their very best because it's a cheap ass outfit. I don't care what anybody says. Yeah, it's a cheap ass outfit that's trying to make gold out of chicken droppings. That's what they're trying to do. They're trying to make mosa out of sodust. Can you do it? Oh, by the way, you know, George is crazy. Very, very much to Jewish accountant came by last night's hockey game. David gave me my Jewish calendar for the whatever the hell you were in his. What is it say on there? Okay, it's on the front page. Yeah, it also brings me some sugar free moth. Hall of honor. Oh, which by and I do want to tell you this, I want to report this. It was delicious even better than the regular stuff. Let's pick in a regular. It's a good thing I want to hold after the second period. Because I'm going to tell you, even Beethoven never saw movements like this. Oh, wow. Thank you very much, David. Oh, yeah. God, and of course I couldn't tell whether it was sorbitol in there or not, because I go to reading reading to tall and Hebrew. The first word was, and the second word was, and the last word was, yeah, something like Drek. Oh, very Drek, that's what it was. Very Drek, Jackass. That is middle name, very Drek Jackass. Oh, yeah. You're just I'm telling you, seriously, I was squeezing myself, listening to the first thing this morning, never in my life if I had such sexual excitement listening to the radio. As hearing them just slice and carve and then watching a little bug running back and forth because Barry was on a phone over and over again. Going, going, going, going, going, I'm good. I'm good, I'm good, I'm good, I'm good, yeah. 26 past 10 and 5, 60 WQN. This bass and stands for nothing. I can take the carcass. Make sure it is dead. Or did it in the young, and after it is stopped with breath, the turkey man. Yay, the turkey man, can't. The turkey man can't tell she conversation, makes the bird taste good. Yay. Who can take some white? Yes, yes. Who can take some white? Pitch. Cut it with a knife. So, vernet with gravy, so it doesn't seem too dry, the turkey man. Oh, the turkey man can. Yeah, the turkey man can't tell she knows a thing or two about a butterfly ball. Oh, the turkey man makes all the bird taste mixed with the juicy and delicious. Talk about Thanksgiving with Ches. You can even eat the chip lips. Young young young who can take the drumstick. Cook it golden brown. When you take the bite to want to eat, however, pounds just the turkey man can. Towsy cooks it up with muck and makes the bird taste good. A turkey man, a turkey man, a turkey man. Okay, it's a 1032 boys. You're going outside there. Congratulations. Have a tour of it. Come and wrap it up. Fooding at the Aventura Mall. What are you being told right now is your boss telling you? You will not be going to work today. I mean, what is the situation? What do they tell? I have no idea nothing. Every told is that they don't know yet. We're just staying inside. Let's see. You just subscribe. This is channel 4. You're going to make the food items and you haven't heard of them. See outside. Oh, the last day. What was the life inside the store when this shots were reported? What was the life? I think we just had a lot of phone calls with people calling just where you're going to make sure everybody was okay. And everybody's inside the store and we're all safe and fine. Did you know that they were going to shop at first? Did you anticipate it was something else? No, we didn't hear nothing. We were locked in. You're locked in the bird-on store. Yeah, because we hadn't even opened the store yet. Are you inside the store right now? Yes. Okay, so the employees are being kept inside. Yes. As a police looking for this suspect right now, can you see anything? I can't see nothing. Okay, everybody is calm at this time inside the bird-on store. The store usually acts as this morning with a lot of employees around. Yes. I mean, how many people would you say? I mean, lots of the stores just the grandire. And you know what I mean? I mean, it's not my fault. I mean, it's not my fault. I mean, come on. Just come and share the knowledge. What we're on there. I mean, it's still pretty packed in there. You have their packing in there. No, that's not how. That's not how. Okay, just give a thank you for making the car. I just want to have the children out of it. I'm sure they feel a lot better leaving that scene. Let me ask you, I'll be a member of the employee on the phone there. We're told that the stores in open and closed 10. But this is the Starbucks coffee shop open earlier. I have no idea. Okay, because that's where the shots were fired. I'm a man in the company. I told him that they must have a car. I don't know. I don't know. I'm probably there for a couple of minutes. I was pretty close about it. I'm not even joining us. Come on, Elliot. Get out of the nitty gritty. I don't have some people leaving the mall. We saw a one with her child. Yeah, that's that. Yeah, that's that. Yeah, you can see that when the holding some instance they're being led away by it appears to be a security, which is obviously good idea. Yeah, I'm not going to be a bad mall today. I have a better idea. I'd be bringing people in. They're looming overhead. Really, a police officer who was going into that unmarked unit. And that was what we were letting. We were going to license that today. That's what they are. That's a clear. It's like a lot of people. They are just simply leaving cheese and mom. Right. This is your nose or one. No, no. That's what you just said. You just tell us what happened again. It never's a regret. That's what you guys are going to work in the morning. And then all seven year in, you know, you're in work mode. Then you can't go to work. You can't see anything. You don't know what's going on. All you know is that there's a gunman out there. You don't know what's going to happen today. You're, I mean, obviously the person on the phone must be really concerned for their things. I think we're going to have to move on like this. Just joining us shortly with 410 o'clock this morning. There was a shooting at the Starbucks cafe and having to wear a mall. We are told that two people are dead. We don't know. Excuse me. We want to go right now to Beno Schmidt. This is a very, very late. When we get a good morning, Beno. Well, good morning. Just about five minutes ago, Sheriff's definitely here to confirm that there are two dead bodies on the second floor here in the new part of the city. In the new part of this mall. Police are dealing with this scene. They have been moving us back steadily from that entrance. You see there in the last hour hour. But according to a Sheriff's deputy, there are two victims on the second floor. I'm joined now by an employee of the mall. Sir, if you can just tell us what you heard describe the scene as best you can for us. I just heard like I said earlier, we were in the story. Get ready to open up. And we just started six fence up. We came to my coworker. And it was very, very loud because shot rooms. And we heard a scream. That was pretty much it. Describe for me if you've done the scene for you and some of your co-workers. For example, what's the mall open? Were you preparing to open? We were preparing to open. We were preparing to open just getting ready to open the store. And basically, we were just really at that point just very nervous. And very just clear for ourselves. So far safety. And again, if you can't describe it for me again, the scene, how many people were in the mall, how many people were around you? Actually, it was just me and my co-worker. There weren't that many people. You know, just to feel that people may be coming in and getting ready for work. It's just normal day for the most part. I was supposed to be normal day. And tell me what happened. After we were talking to you and other students. You said you and others went down. What happened next with police? Actually nothing else happened. I was pretty quiet. And they asked us to talk. He's actually the building to leave the area. We were all out by that point anyway. But they all just wanted us to get it far away for the building. Okay. So that's 10 or 6. We heard from Channel 4, which was doing a much worse job. By the way, and that's going there. Channel 6, who better do a good job. We'll drill on here. And it's by the way, you did this point a very jackass. Two people shot their dead. My shots. Starbucks and the amateur are all. So all I can say is. We're going to the area. We're going to the area. Two of our guns today. We have yourself down on first and forth. Okay. So your friends away. We'll back you all. Go back. And then you are right. You wanna die. You think you'll fall back up in your get-day. Life will be sweeter. When you touch your heater. Cherry a life send to me. Deadly. You're going to die today. You see a married person. You know what I'm going to do. Yeah, I'm all around. And you want to be in order to be a child. You want to be in a family. You can take that wedding, that's your opinion. You'll fall back. And you'll be dead. You can spend your life to hold us. Come on and die today. And you'll be proud to stay. You're on federal property. And all over. All right. Here we go. Right up the street there. And you have a trim all Starbucks. Two people shot dead. Gunfire. It's the American after-way baby. All you gun hunters out there. This is a country like I've been telling you for years. And getting a lot of crap for saying about what happens to be true. This is a barbaric freaking place. We're crazy people running around with guns. Blowing each other away. In church, in school. At the shopping mall. Uh, wherever. No place is safe in America. Because the gun huggers, the gun squeezers, the gun lovers, have keep our keeping us like the wild wild west. It's a never-wending shootout. As opposed to like civilized countries. We're in even thicker second time of this could happen. Because it doesn't happen. Oh my god. There can't be such a place. Can there? Oh yeah. A lot of them. Maybe we'll hear from that lady who called me last week. We could've said, well, I don't have time to care about these things. I just don't have time to care. Well, guess what? Here's two people that they don't have time to care anymore either. How do you like that? Oh my god. Do you think it was that coffee that got somebody pissed off to you? It's Starbucks? Or maybe with that ice cream beer, I have a Starbucks ice cream? Oh god. Wow. No seriously. I mean, it's don't taste bad, but it's- You know what I mean, it's just that. But it'll make you sh**k. Like crazy. Anyway, 21 before 11 at 5, 60WQM. So we got another late breaking story right here. We're on top of it. Like a blanket, baby. We got channel four. We got channel six. We got channel seven. We got channel 21. Family 125. Family 51. Family 51. Family 51. We got a no-spitting lace, baby. It's race. We know four are she knows this broad guess maybe reproduce. Without the express written permission. Yeah. Double-que-weight. We-we-acquisition-core. That's the American fucking way. The following is a paid public service announcement from the internet. No rightful association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful. And that's pretty damn depressed. But as usual with every crowd, there is a solution. Hi. I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handgun. They scare their sh** out of people. And timid eight down and they're giving you whatever you want. That's right. Handgun. Think about it. Need some cash? Rob a bank. Don't have enough money for fear? Paul Pekusini. It's all. They're chips and pretzels wire-a-a-a. It's all free. You've got a handgun. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. The simple solution of life's complex crops. Why have to do is wait to five days for it. And happiness is just around the court. Hell, if you don't want to wait to five days, who cares? Find a dancing off the street. Just sigh a lot of handgun. It's a great alternative. The working problems out if he considered a population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make your things. Don't want to say again. Who do you mean the suspect is on a loose. He's armed in dangerous. Just keep that in mind. So just crawl into your car until we tell you to come out. Who do you think it might be? Paul Pekusini. I mean who's the first person that comes to mind? Paul Pekusini. It takes place at a Starbucks on the second level of evidence to a mall. We are told it is the South East section of that mall. And at this point you're looking at a helicopter, police helicopters. They are searching for the suspect on the other side of the land. They're looking at the other side of the land on the ground. Because at this point it's definitely the same to the other side. Josephemmtsines. If the tough boys are looking at the police, that's the galler. Area of cover or the center, so about the legislation they have made is from the mall. But they're not picking any chance of considering that so many employees and customers are in that area in order to make sure that they search. There you've got to keep in mind this is right up to street here now. I've been to a mall just a few blocks up to street. Obviously you don't. They don't want to complicated the situation by allowing more people. Yes, sir. That area is a thin layer of housing. Blocked off the entrance to the to the mall and to the parking garage. that this point keeping people out so that they can continue with their investigation without adding more confusion to the scene by actually having customers go inside because obviously it's the shooter is still inside the mall. It's a very dangerous situation. So they are searching from the air and from the ground at this point. Something else that might be interesting to mention too is that the mall is filled with surveillance cameras. So it's a good bet that perhaps this suspect who they described with a great area. They've also caught on with surveillance cameras perhaps even catching the crime. On surveillance tape and obviously that will be something that the police will be looking into later on as they continue their investigation. But a very tense situation at this point when they really don't even know where the suspect is and as time goes on they just get further and further away perhaps from actually finding this person. Yeah right now we mentioned a short while ago what Paprikman from the Miami Police Department explained to us is that they have 20 to 25 police officers on the scene. Many of them not only are they just getting the search but speaking with witnesses as well interviewing anyone that may have seen what took place. They try to figure out exactly what happened and why they've got a better description of the suspect. They have very little to go on at this point. We've been told it's a believe it's a white male possibly Latin great here. Oh, we ensured. Oh, I can't believe it's a white male. I think we've got a white male. Police officers responded arrived and there weren't in fact two people shot on the second floor of the Piazza which had to be on the building. Right now we do have two confirmed that are dead. Probably a Sean Green 14 million dollars. Nice Jewish boy. We've 30 and 40 the other in its 50s. We have two scenarios that we're looking at right now. The first scenario is that someone came in and shot and killed him and fled. We have received information on the second scenario which it may be a homicide suicide. Again, I don't have all the particulars at this time. I need for more time to go back inside. I just arrived and we talked to my investigators. Find out if they have interviewed any other way to get the wash off by the way. The malls are fully enclosed. Right now we are in the process of removing anybody that may have been in about the mall out prior to the shooting. Get them out. This is a very large mall that takes a while to do it. It's not something you can do it for. Put them recorded. They are the losses. Don't panic. They're stupid. Just thought fire. Get out of here. Calm down. They have several reporters. You know this, you know, he just got to tell anybody knows. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to go over the bottom of the bar. I'm going to put up with all these crazy reporters. Especially once from Channel 7 which we were just listening to right there. Thank you Jeff Cohen. By the way, thank God we got Jeff Cohen to put this TV and what we first came here two years ago. Because otherwise we'd be sitting here with our finger up our blood. I haven't any idea what's going on. But because we got a contact to the outside world here now, we're on top of that baby. Here on QAM, your new station between 10 and 2. That's right. You think that if this was going on during the sports shows that they would be talking about this, you bet your sweet ass they wouldn't. Hey, what about Danny and the Damian, Damian, Danny? You know, Danny, he ain't so good now, and that Damian, he's pretty cute. You know, he's, yeah. Looks like the bottom of my shoe. I mean, this is heavy duty stuff. We got two dead people there. And he haven't thrown them all right up the street more shooting. We're done nuts. Are you gun hunters out there? Where are you? Are you gun squeezers? Guns don't kill people bullets do or how about that thing goes. Yeah. Oh, that's right. Guns don't kill people. It's the bullets that go in. What? Those are the things that can get better in crap. That's right. Bullets. Let's not outlaw guns. Let's just outlaw bullets. What do you say? Let's take a pull on this. Let's outlaw bullets. They can have all the guns they want. Okay. They can squeeze them. They can find them. They can stick in between their legs. They can rub it a lot. Yeah. But then if we don't got no bullets for them, then we'll be safe. Like in a civilized place. What do you say? 560, 0560, outlawing bullets. Yeah, you're naive. 560, 0560. Wow. And you wonder why tell you every day this is a slaughterhouse. So you can get angry at me all you want. You can give me a bunch of crap. Oh, he said to nasty. He said, yeah, hard ass. I'm just telling you the way it is. I'd like for it to be like a peaceful tranquil place with a lot of nice, you know, white people. I mean, people, safe people. I guess that's what I've done. And isn't it safe? But this was a white guy. And he was not white. He was a spanic. Maybe. Is what they said. Which makes me think. It even some of them are like a little on a barbaric side, you know what I'm saying? I'll release the progressing from La Bomba to both the latest. What is a belator? Huh? Is it like a ticket window or in the Italian? That's what that is. Maybe that's what that is. There we're looking at the inside of the amateur mall right now in Channel 7. The other one. Really? It looks like a scene from, uh, police are telling us at this point that they leave there. And got in one area. That's what we have to. The shooter actually can answer the Starbucks. By the way, is there is such a place to stand, Chris Deballer? Are they just make that up? Is there such a place? Maybe somebody else can tell us a guiding light person. Is there such a place to stand, Chris Deballer? Oh, I don't think so. I guess there is, but maybe it's run by some dick. Five, six, seven, oh, see. I put this on now. Everybody we had on hold. All the lines are pretty much open now because they all ran to their TV set. And they want to make sure that they ran over in the state. You know, they're probably all the rubber neckers now. They're going to drive over to amateur mall and they're going to try to get as close as they can. They're going to take their binoculars. They're going to take their shotguns and KTC. Some, looks suspicious now. Yeah, if you see anybody Hispanic that looks suspicious over by amateur. I'm just suggesting just to let the cops do their job. Okay. Don't go over there and start with your people and he's just this. Oh, how come you shot that poor Hispanic out of the, well, he looked suspicious to me. They just, you know, yeah. He was just delivering pizza. Well, he looked suspicious anyway. He had that coat that thing, you know. He was carrying that red sack. I was sure it was like shotguns in there. Hand grenades. Looks like he worked for American Airlines. Here's a facts, by the way, that says, do you're Neil? Have you ever seen Barry Jackson in the ferret for the Budweiser commercial in the same room? No. Excellent point. That's the one, by the way. Very good Larry from Hollywood. Excellent. I know each bottom. It says, in fact, they play if they play the ferret's voice. If you have any of the spots on tape, which we do, you'll hear that it sounds exactly like Barry Jackass. Very perspicacious of you, Larry. Larry from Hollywood is on top of it. Baby, he knows what it's all about. Very Jackass is the ferret. He's the durable in somebody's home. That's what he is. He's a real pain in the ass. Yeah, Wayne Hypinga said he's the best suckle in town. John Henry said it. Pat Riley said it. Jimmy Johnson said it. Jimmy, we could be special. Johnson, we got a shot. Said it. He's the most professional. The best suckle in town. That's what they all said. Very Jackass. You see, just because we had a double shooting over there and I'm in Teraberry, that isn't going to let you. I'm going to be fat and little pimply ass off the hook here today. I'm not going to forget about you ever. Or the news paper that you work for all these years, the harrel has been doing their best to do whatever they can to stick it to Neil Rogers. When I was on KAT because I had the audacity to attack the harrel. You just owe cover to this town and pick on the harrel. Well, tough crap. I hate the harrel. When I was at INZ and caused thousands of people to cancel their subscriptions to the Miami Herald, then they really got bent on the shape. And you know something. And spite of that, I'm doing pretty good last time I checked. I look at that paycheck yesterday before I stuck it in the bank. It looks pretty good to me. Yeah, a big fat one and a check too. How do you like that? Are you going over there at the harrel? Oh, yeah. The professional Goa is your place. I think very Jackass is. I don't want to say it. I don't want to say it. I don't want to say it. I don't want to say it. Because Robert will get upset. Hey, listen, everybody. We also had my arlanski too. You know, nothing's perfect. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. We'll keep you up to date with us because it's almost as exciting as the O.J. Chase. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Let me put the one on the window. Yeah, let me hear the people screaming. Yeah. Yeah. Get away out there in the phone too. Yeah, another scenario there. They said, uh, could have been a gentleman from Hell and Dale. He might be at the Rescuer House. He got his bill star books and he stressed his pace. Oh, yeah. I could have put him over the edge. What is that? I'll throw a couple of coffee. I don't matter. Right. So heavy duty if you've pardoned that expression. So those old cochairs from Hell and Dale. I don't mean to be sensitive. But I got to change the subject for a minute. I don't have anything you want, pal. I have a America. No time to care. You know. I got to know because I'm going over to Amsterdam. Yes. Were you there, pal? I'm back in August. Um, yeah. Late August? Well, I was certainly September late August. Yeah. I believe the hurt crews were playing on that texting classic. Whatever. Did you happen to find a sports bar over there when you were there watching that game? Sports bar? You went to watch that game over there, didn't you? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I watched all the football games. I figured I found a sports book. I was plunging my brains out on them. Okay. So there are sports bars over there? No. No. You know, that's all you got to do. I got to grade the whole game and they got to tremendous, um, uh, a couple of stuff. What do you call it? Hooters. Hooters. Oh, sorry. They need to remember that. I'm not too much into hooters. Oh, wait. I'm not. Wait. Pretty cool. Did you have some fine hooters over there? You'll see me in the window. Yes. Metro spades on. That means they'll find them now. Metro spades on it. Yeah. They're on it. Okay. We'll have it made. Uh-huh. In the shade. I mean, we don't want to make light of this as a tragedy. We know who these two people are. They're dead. But, you know, like the lady says, I don't have time to care. I don't have time to care. I don't care. Which I played that song, you're sent to Stilse's if and it, by the way, Joe Costello, wherever you are. Not a very good job in putting that, uh, leap in there, Joe. I mean, we still love you. I wonder how they did made out with all those free meals yesterday at, um, outback. Huh? They're probably still online. I was online when they announced that I'm going to get my lunch guide. Damn it. I want my free meal. Now, even if it's cold and stale for me yesterday, I'll take it home and heat up my meat. Yeah. You should listen along. Your meat's been cold for 30 years, pal. 10. 56 at 5. 60. W. Q.A. In this is 5.60. Q.A.L. Only one South Florida radio. Good afternoon. And your listening to it. Go for it. Weekday, happenings of two. Sports radio 5.60. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. My head. Two more bottles. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. A.L. Passing the car. You'll just tell me There's a meteor and you'll let them out before the sound of the sound And I'll be bored There's a guy's gun's gun's gun's gun I'll be around the stage to give you a gun Tell me around the stage There's a... I'm going for the funeral You can make like dream through a day Now they can read These are first days on your watch Just a tough, tough, tough, scary way And I'm going to get it So what a Johnny can't read He can feel, join me in Our name now Now they can't They've got guns, guns, guns They can't all go together We're a good time They can't get guns, guns, guns Up there on the stage to give a gun Back there on the stage They can't hear the sound What a great way to celebrate veterans day Be shootings here in air He American F in way With no disrespect to our veterans who put their lives on a line Some of them, many of whom never came back But it's a sickness baby It's an American sickness Not unique to America But it's an epidemic in America People are blowing each other away like crazy And the gun huggers, the gun squeezers out there And their pawns in the congress They ought to be ashamed of themselves And of course, every time something like this happens They say, oh, here you guys go again Of course it's happening like every five minutes That's the problem which is why we never stop talking about it All the way, we really don't have time to care We want you to understand that So don't get too concerned because we don't have time to care So keep your guns, rob them, polish them, keep them clean and spanky and shiny Just we're not going to give you no more bullets That's right When bullets are outlawed Only outlaws will have bullets Isn't that what the thing says? Something like that Yeah Here's a calling for Myers, but they don't believe in guns Hello Hey, you know what's going on? How are you doing sir? Alright, look here, it's your question That's why you want a bunch of violent barbaric people over there Thank God for four Myers Well, I used to live over there and you're never going to listen Here's your question First of all, frankly stole is a town in the Dominican Republic Oh my god, I know that I pulled you to the Dominican Yes sir I mean, I pulled you to the Dominican I just love seeing you You served because I know that I know that because my dad is from there Yeah Okay, so that's where we'll find Riva Is down here in the garden Dominican Republic with the Dominican? I don't know, I've been in this as I was eight Oh, it's stay in hell away from there The bunch of crazy people doing soap operas down there Oh, I love standing close I've never left Okay, second point What is going on with this? I mean, it was a cyber coffee that mad Yeah, I don't think it was the coffee I think the price got them out ready Oh, the stock And now by the way, they're shanning It was either a double murder Or it was a murder suicide Because they didn't find a weapon there But I guess they forgot in God's father Interesting, the Clemenza kept telling Michael to do After he did the shooting Chodes dropped the gun Remember that? Yeah Drop the gun, which he did He threw it, remember he threw it He threw it, he threw it, he threw it He rushed out of there And a table crossed a little bit bad But they cleaned them up Have they made any mention of Jimmy Johnson there? Not yet Oh, we got a shot And he still doesn't have a hair out of joint How do you like that? You got hit with five shots And he still got his hair all empty This is terrible, I mean That's horrible, I mean, that's horrible But you know, something that these people don't care They're in a new way too And it's only two, just keep that in mind Okay, unbelievable I'm waiting for... Let me know your wrist, Rick's pants, you're going here Circle yet He's hopping up and down He's not saying anything He's just type of ventilated, he's hopping up and down like a fruit fly Oh, I think it's a lot of fruit for Roger Okay, pal All right, take it Yeah He's doing a lot of fruit for Roger I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know That's the guy that was open I got the last one time out there I got the last one time out there As well as walkers who go in and he's exercise before the walker is in there Look at that Even worse situation That's an already years, how poor a ticket already is Considering the amount of people that were probably inside the mall at the time But that obviously led to making the situation Yeah, you know, it's one thing when you see it's happening in Atlanta It happened in Seattle It happened and by the way, they put the kid Kinkle and jail for 700 years Which ain't gonna bring in those people back by the way Including his parents It happens in, you know, a Denver Yeah And people are saying, wow, we don't have time to care about that Here it is, it's the avid to a mall boys and girls By the way, we'll be at the specs of the, well, it isn't the avid to a mall We'll be at the specs down there in cruel cables 1570 South to Xiaway right by UM This Saturday noon to two With our best of stuff including those key chains and CDs In cassettes and t-shirts And a pomegranate in the pear tree, all I could stuff So we hope you all come down But anyway, this is an avid to a mall at the Starbucks If you see it's larger than crap I would like that woman to call in right now Tell me that she doesn't have time to care We will trace the call, we will come to your house and beat you to with an interview Life and make you care, how's that? We will make sure that you care lady Oh, God, what a subhuman bitch Here's a mobile in Bokello Hey, yes sir How you doing? Great Uh, first time calling her Alright This call, are you gonna shoot me now? No, no, no, that's a little bonus No, it's a little bonus, nice to meet you Just call on about the bullet scene, it's a bullet there You know what I'm saying Should we get rid of the bullet, or should we keep the bullet That's what we need to do To get all the cops, okay, get all these guns And from all these criminals and stuff like that And so I go and door to door and handing the guns And the bullets to these people that want to protect their families And protect themselves Yeah, that would work for you I guess when you go into mall and you pack a piece Is that it? All right Sir, did you hear what I just said? No, I said so in other words, when you go to Starbucks Or a cup of coffee, you pack a piece with you Put a host around your hip There you go Thanks, okay, there's a solution, John Wayne is still alive I like that, he smoked too many faggot That Mary and whatever his name was, but he still alive He fought the big sea and he won He was, they thought he was dead and he made it come back He's got his host around, he's got his shoes six years There you go, he cannot draw the best of them, baby The Duke, the Duke is still alive That's right, let's round up all these guns and hand them out Like to little kids in school, everybody Here you go, here's a gun, here's a couple more for you, okay By the way, there is some good news in the middle of all this tragic crap Diases ready to fingerprint priest There's no fact in the church That's right, that's right I mean, can you think of any other like broadcasts You saw it on the honest with it, if you're going to work in this radio station You probably should be fingerprinted Oh, I can think a lot of people in here should have been fingerprinted before they were A lot of them building, but nevertheless Miami, the archdiocese of Miami will begin finger printing members of the clergy, religious and lay part in that expression Lay workers and volunteers today Following the lead of other Florida diocese Responding to the allegations of sexual misconduct by priest Oh, my god, I thought those were just isolated incidents Although 50,000 stories have been reading it last couple of years I thought those 45 million stories I've read the last six months I thought those were just isolated incidents You know what I mean? Father old two Yeah Yeah Oh, that's more like it Archbishop John C. Favallora and his vicious will be fingerprinted today The show support for a new I wonder about all I've money that was fingered by the way from the Vatican bank I guess better late than ever right Long history Long history Long history Black ground checks of all Roman Catholic Church workers The plan affects 3800 Archdiocese employees and several hundred volunteers in Broward and Miami Dade Counties Florida's vicious voted 1998 for a policy to finger print all clergy, lay employees and volunteers who work with children with children They look fact in the church like alter boys Elderly or disabled people Appreciate them to have a total of that information on the kick confidential by the Archdiocese Little the kick confidential in other words they'll sweep it out of the carpet Mary Ross Augusta, spokesman for the Arts Diasties, he said to approve the plan in September. She said the finger printing is already taking place at Catholic schools and charities. Yeah, we speak in charities. We should have had some finger printing done at that golf tournament. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I wonder who's finger printing? Who's suspicious finger prints? We would have found out someone at cash at the golf tournament. Oh, man. You know what I'm saying? In South Florida, the most recent case of a lead sexual improper party was that of a Reverend Joseph Sinese. Remember that one? Of course, this year recently who went to Pemba Resignus, passed away for a Lauderdale Area Parish after he was accused of stalking and exposing himself himself to a man in 1998. There's no fact in the church. Sinese was denied the allegations told person as he resigned to defend himself in the courts. He said he's got a good head on his shoulders. Something like that. As part of the Erecoz, I'll get to the rest of it. It's a great story there. They're getting finger printing. It's about time they're finally catching on. Okay, this is where you'll find the criminals. This is where you'll find the child molested. This is where you'll find the dangerous people in the cat-like church. There you go. Oh! I wonder what Pilar would think of this? 10 minutes after 11 at 5. 60 WDQAM. Wake up with the first key. No, no, no, no. Jeff DeFars, if he go see, we'd be warning to say. Oh, wrongly. On court radio, 5. 60 QAF. Oh, sorry. I'm sorry. I don't have to go up. I'm a gunner up here. I can always feel myself for something bad. I do get some of the cool when I kill everyone. It's cool. It's not my dad's head. It's okay. I'll exercise my right. That's why we AM our Air Base. That lets me be a gunner. Run, kid. Hey, the guns are us, dude. I told him how to shoot. Look, he really loves the shadows. Look, no way. That's not the cue. I'm a hummus. I will not see red. Next with the side, I'm thinking to the next. I'm a lot done. Remember of the NRA. That's why I raised the guns. The guns here, son. Oh boy, look at my gun. I'm glad that you're a gun, the guns. I mean, you're a North of the border that acronym has a different meaning. They say, you listen to that NRA. Meaning me, of course. Damn, why don't you pick up there? I'm especially into Ronald. Listen to that. R.A. 560560. The situation has you see it. So it's just an idea of why the mall is going to shut down. Probably not a good idea. I mean, I've been already having a lot of money. You're going to run around and run around. I've been on the ground. I've been on the ground. I've been on the ground. I've been on the ground. I've been on the ground. Okay, listen to me. It is closed. Don't go to Adventurer. They found a gun at the site. But of course, like I said, it could be that maybe he can't several weapons. And he went out to shoot some other people. Or maybe it was one of those two. Guys, maybe it was a murder suicide. Or maybe it was Josh Friedman. Or maybe somebody smelled from Josh Friedman. And they got so his stereotypical upset. He started shooting at random. Because they smelled from his health. And believe me, they didn't kill. 567, by the way, terrible game last night. I want to refund it. You know, I looked at the price on my tickets and the station. Bives these thank God. 60 bucks to see that. We left after the second period. Which is the honest really we already had plans to leave after the second period. But I mean, that was definitely refund city last night. That was that was pathetic. Anybody who would make a case for that big. And by the way, instead of blaming the fans of this time Wayne, we had a good turnout there last night for an expansion little girls team. I would that was no seriously. That was better than our average turnout. Just by my visual, the upper bowl was more full. And usually I'd say we had about 13, 14,000 there last night. Regardless of what the paper says. Probably was at the 50 cents special from the worst team that was in the lower the top. But seriously, the fan showed up to see a girls game. 60 bucks to see. Plus about 20 bucks for a hot dog in the soda. Thank God, we left after the second period. So I could go home and see a real game. Stop it back in the plane with real estate with real estate. We're going to have to go into third period. The auger slows the paint on the slager. Better round two red shirts. Here we come to the Canadian Senate. Clap. Hey. Help. That's hard. Here he slager inside of the fan. Oh, crap. Five back with a hat. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. He's off. Probably brown. They can hit buckets. Wting down the ice. Oh, wow. How to get a new stick. And the auger finally comes on with 55 seconds to go here. The FCI. It's got three. Here's the man going to that. Got it to front. Start. Yachter scores a fake went. That's a lay. Five to four. It's just on the packet. The pig went that way. For the first time in this game. It's just back. It doesn't know whether to cry or why does what? Oh, animal. I might. Well, that was something. Montreal's ahead of Pittsburgh. Four to one with seven and a half minutes to go. And a penguin score four goals. I'm realize that has nothing to do with people getting shot. But I just have to mention that after seeing that horrible horse crab performance of our last night that we should had refunds. That was weak. That was. I think it was a little, Robert just handed me something here from the business section of the hero that may give a little clue. It was something I'm better than trial. I call him. A little insight is to why we had the civil disturbance at the avancer of all today. Singers wife to open store. Oh, singer John Jakarta's wife. He's got a wife. What's his name? Mara. Mara. What does that stand for? A manny. Express to open a franchise store. Jakati Pari today. The avancer of all and I haven't drew a hole. Uh oh. The French children's clothing store is more than 350 stores worldwide. And one other store in South Florida, South Miami. Parley Boot, it's closed. How do you like that, huh? John's the Kata. This story is shocking to me for many reasons. He has a wife, you know. That's why it's shocking because believe you me. You think I've resoped floats, but anyway. I knew that. Me. I know. I say that about everybody. You're right. You have a wife, you know. Oh yeah. That convinced me. Just like that. Holyly, we glacies. Do you know that was floating around the hallways near Carlos was chasing around in the hall out here the other day. Power 96. How do you like that? And according to the thing that happened out there at zero oxen Hawaiian and seven people got killed out there. And well, we don't have time to care about those things. Or too busy, uh, web-done, web-done, web-done. Sitting around watching Jerry Springa. I mean, this is, you know, this is your idea of life and that's fine. Not for me. Not for this kid. I mean, if you want to donate right now, if you want to come in with your $1,000 checks, $10,000 checks, I could be gone by this week in permanent. Okay. I'll send you a card. Just leave me your address. I'll send you a nice postcard. Sign civilization. Somewhere in the civilized world. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Man, I gotta say it out again. It's a couple last night. That was terrible. Oh, that was there. Was there a game last night here? I don't know. I didn't see one. I left it on sports night. I don't know. Well, whatever it is. Even if you watch it on TV, you should ask for a refund. Yeah, really, right? That's right. Yeah, do you have an, I watch a Tom Greenman. No, I haven't seen him in a long time now. We call it as new episode tonight. What does he? Yeah. That's my man, Tom Green. Yeah, sure. Yeah, last week he did this kit with, he was, he was, He was a redneck dude with 18 names, a bill of Bob. Yeah. And he has caramel and a tank's caramel. He goes nuts. He starts kicking his legs. He knows. He's like, make you go out here. He's in this, you know, he's in a store like where they sell Manchester and beds. And he's like, Tom Green is the only guy. We could be in the middle of World War 3. They could be dropping nuclear weapons in our backyard. And if we could just see Tom Green, we'd still be laughing. Yes, there we go. Everything going to fight. Have a great day, pal. I think the white people are going to win the fight. I could be wrong because we're getting our numbered. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line line. Nine of course, where they're kind of out of touch with us today. Eight, seven, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, Neil. And no civilized places like over there in Port Charlotte, where they don't shoot each other. They just shoot little of the pencils animals. Well, by the way, do you see that horrible story on the news last night about those Chinese? And the, uh, else sunshine of all people who are the spies and rightfully so had this expose on these little toy cats and this stuff. And the barbaric Chinese over there, the rotesc things. They had these this video tape, which I've heard that the shore is right in the middle of the dinner row of the barbaric things. They're the torture and the mutilation and killing of dogs and cats. I mean, everybody's got to eat, but let's get serious. How come the Chinese in this country, most of them are so civilized and so nice? And the Chinese over there, so many of them are so barbaric. It must be that common Easter thing. I'm gonna speak it. God, you show me somebody who doesn't respect dogs and I'll show you something that is the waste in space that needs to be separated from the rest of us. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pond 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Don't go to Abbot Turin. That's my best advice. Because they'll arrest your ass and maybe they'll rescue you too. Here's homestead. Hello. Good morning, sir. How are you? For one, I have to collect guns. I only use them to shoot my pets with. I'll be at cats, that's okay. Yeah, I do. Actually, I agree with the Chinese on. Last couple days, I missed the fucking dead pussy. I missed the worst thing this morning, sir. Oh, they were great. I don't know what very general they're inside, baby. I'm on the side forever. They were here dead for life. Whatever Jack asked dead, I can't find it in the damn Harold at all anywhere. Oh, no, it was yesterday and the front page. The front page is about Wayne's going to sell a cat and Bill Torrey says there's nothing to it. Wayne is in any more life. I mean, he will sell him at the right price. It's always been that way last two years. But he's not on a crusade, not a cellotine. It's all another figment of his imagination. Just like Don Smiley was buying a Marlin. And that was on the front page 15,000 times with very Jack. He's re-running old stories. Right. Right. And they put it on the front page. The lead story and the upper right hand. Yeah, I bought that. I got that. But they believe him. In my section of the paper, we're in the upper right. It was in the lower left. But they're all. Draw a paper. You get a little different paper down here in the country. I don't know whether you get that right. And a spary board I heard earlier, a friend of mine called and said that Chuck Heston and OJ Simpson were doing a book signing at an undisclosed location in North Miami somewhere. He was son of a bitch. Yeah, that's what I hear. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I dropped right citizens for us. You know, it's when Chuck Heston was a testifying in front of Congress. So we could do a go. And he got up and he stood like upright. He was like, you know, like, where up in here? I mean, who are you, kid and man Chuck, you know, too much of the cheap booze. It's really affecting your brain. What's left of it? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You notice this? It did because they're all watching TV news. On those, as if it were a factual lead and take every possible precaution because they were to operate on the assumption that this was a murder suicide. And it was over. And there was no armed armed suspect in God forbid. There was an armed suspect running around. Well, that would be a terrible situation. Free push back. I am looking here of every precaution as they've got a situation like this. CLRS Liu and the Civil Rights Young Minister would like to add whatever excuse a crime they'd file. Shout. Oh, thank you so much. I think these other reasons we confirm this and the others mean that they are privately funded by everything they owe to the commission. Can you say it would take 75% of evidence or do you think of that? I don't think I would accept that law orró law, they have heard about something. You say you are really Defence, I'm sure. You say you speak... it's not of the anti-general ranking. We can see through these live pictures that much of it appears to be closed off. So we thought that there's police cars, they're locating the air. But have you waited for any police or any customers showing up trying to get into the mall? I have witnessed some of the customers going into the mall as you get on the opposite side of the mall from the client. Get away from that. Oh, you've traded these people. Get away from the evidence. We're all now. Road, the perimeter road around the mall. God damn it. We've really looked on that side as if nothing was wrong but for all of the shoppers flying overhead. So on that side, I think there are people who are going to the mall and shop as in their land. No, there is anything wrong out here. Going about their shopping as they would on any other day. And as you get closer to the crime scene, you definitely see a secured perimeter police are very tense out here. And they are certainly treating you. They're going to go out to the east and southeast sides of the mall. But Mike, it's pretty much confirmed that the mall is indeed closed. Even if anybody shows up at the area where you are and there is no police presence, they still cannot go into the mall though, correct? Well, again, what I saw is we drove by there about a half hour ago. We saw, over by with a TV, I've tried it. We did see people walking into the mall, more towards the north and western side of the mall. They're walking into the mall. All of the police are walking into the mall. They're on the east and southeast sides of the mall. Hey, welcome to the office. It's a lot of history. It's a little bit more, but about a half hour ago when we were driving around the whole side of the mall, I did see people coming here. Oh. Pardon me while I bark, okay. Pardon me while I uptuck several meals from the past couple of weeks. They're letting people into the freaking mall according to the channel 7 news that's never makes a mistake. Well, 1126 and 560W to QM. You got the sticker, blew it up loud. Don't worry. Stop, break it. I had communion in my hands. Just started bleeding. This man suffers from the consequences of what some of my college civilized U.H. Stick Mata, the forming of leading holes in the palms of the head. There's also a problem. Sacrificial blood, guys. Hello, I'm Kippa Dinos, who are the fights against Dick Mata. Now a lot of you don't got a father that in case you don't want to stick Mata, a bodily ure. We're free from ingesting the body or blood of anybody, or you may never play handball with you. Stick Mata, it's 50 points. Yeah, it is. And you know, when they start thinking of printing those priests today, I would be surprised that blood starts burning out of their palms. Won't that be something? Oh, man. 560, 505, 60, pump 560 on the 18t1. We're monitoring the situation. We're on top of the baby. Just to stay cool. Stay calm and stay in a way from avid to a mall. They wouldn't this people going in. Are these cops crazy? Are you people crazy? Those doors should be shut. And on they should have security guards at every exit. And only open them to let people out. Only outgoing, please. After they're first in the body and the script and the body searched. All the cavity. Back home, exactly. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Nina. How are you doing? Okay, sir. I'm getting the ice. So I'm going to have to go quick. But I, for I go, I want to hear about your opinion on a perished field running for the Senate New York. Hey, my herdsfeld is running. I want to send you. Yeah. Yeah, I'm running for his life. I want to do it on the under area. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. That's my opinion. Next question. 560, 505, 60, pound. Oh, he did spin in a hero report. So like I said, if I were in New York, he's got my vote. Oh, he's going. Hey, baby. Good Jewish boy. Little crazy, but nevertheless, lonely $50 million a $5.67. Look at this. They had a shooting. Two murders that haven't true. And I got open lines on here because they're all watching TV. This is the result of a murder suicide is that they found a weapon on the scene. But still, there are many other scenarios that that could also fall into finding the weapon. That could be the weapon that you can use. Perhaps one of the victims pulls out a weapon to try to defend himself or not. It was just one that was laying around from the other day. That could be a two-sweet. Here's Coral Gable. So long. Anyhow, how you doing? Okay, sir. I'm sorry, didn't call you last week about your birthday. I had to work. I heard you on the hard on the way to work. Well, thanks very much. You do not look $507. No, I looked about $508. No, I thought you looked about $50. 50, 50. Is she on? I'm not too bad. Yeah, I do a character. Considering I'm working here. Yeah, I know. I can't do things. I need to shame about what happened up in Avatar. It's a shame. I mean, I'm the one who called you. I was up in Ned. I'm the one who turned the Netherlands. You know, I was based there in the Air Force. Yeah. You don't do stuff like this over there. Oh, yeah, right. I mean, it's a very free-loving country, everybody. I mean, they don't. No races of no Kate. No. It's a very nice country over there. How come people are smoking so much weed and hash over and do it so much hash? How come they're not the shoot me, Cheddar? If drugs are as evil as they tell a story, you know. And there's a great one. The action of stupidity. Yeah, it's so legal over there. People don't care. Yeah, that's right. It's a few more nights. They don't pull a hostility and hate and they're not all, you know, suck up. You're going to know, jail six that they this might be a racism shooting. A racist was it was the one that victims black. Maybe they've no no. They're both white. If it's a derivative, if there is a shooter. Well, we've got to call Jesse Jackson. Is that it might be a black guy? Yeah. That's not sure. Because there are other black guys. I suppose there is a black guy running from the scene. But it might have just been another shop or store owner. Yeah, he's just probably a shoplifter. Yeah, well, yeah. And the other thing that those darkies are, you know. Um, oh, God, I just forgot. I was going to say, I know. It's just a different, you know. Very nuts. No, but I just wanted to say, once you're not planning. I'm going to get any of it. Yeah. Once you're next planning. My next signing. Where where you're going to be next? This Saturday, specs and about the game, I was in the U of M 1570 South, Xie Hollywood. We're going to learn. Okay. Because I lived just a mile away from there. Okay. I've seen you before. I made you a couple times. You're very nice. Well, don't get carried away. I know. I have a great, can I give a thing with? Do I give a, uh, your, uh, an A4 request? An ASL request? No, no, no, no, a douche bag. Oh, we don't do that anymore. So, get with the get with the times. Get with the times. Catch up. I mean, you mean well, but please, you son dangerous. Trace to call. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, long time, this is our first time power. How are you doing? Okay. I thought I was going to say I'm a spikoujil from Westchester. I played golf. I watched golf. I, I don't bat fish. I flat fish. Oh, I see. But I flat fish. Um, I'm flat. You want to? No, I flat fish. Oh, flat fish. Yeah, what about catfish? No, no, like catfish. I don't like catfish. I'll hold your donate. Can't fish, I guess. I'll let you go. Hey, Neil. You listen to um, uh, 60 minutes about it. I think it was a week ago. That a program on about, uh, it was a Persian golf war. They, they government were using the soldiers as guinea pigs. Right. His drug. Right. And now they're all having these bowel movements and they're. Yeah. Yeah, you know, and actually, people and people and sunrise and tamarack are petitioning the government to give them some of the same drugs. Yeah. Yeah, you know, they don't care. That's right. We don't care. We don't care. Well, they don't care. They don't care. Yeah. And Neil, maybe that maybe they're letting that lady into the mall. You know, that's a good idea. Right. You know, we'll take her by limo right there and stick her in the middle of the mall and just grab her in exactly. Okay. Have a great day, pal. That's a good idea. Put her right. I want to those fountains there. And just like, you know, you know, you're going to get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The opposite way is the setting. It's a part of the collar? A bit of a back cover. So you have a rear rib and a neck… Why don't we go back to your foot. Here's the cool app pigeon. Yeah. I just put a right by one of those fountains there. And just sit down. They are tire-cropping real tight tagting her legs together. Huh? I guess kinda sited there. Hey, everybody. Just leave her there. It's okay. Now let's see if she care a little bit. Do you think she'd care? No. parking garage. No, when they got those dogs right. Other horde of the dogs. That's right. That's right. Perhaps getting ready to go in as well. It was really dope. And they did part. Okay. The car is actually pulling out right now. We just saw them getting out of the vehicle. So perhaps they're looking at a different side, a different angle, or they're going to actually go in and that to get another area of the mall. Yeah. Maybe not be a bit of a mall. So just keep projecting on a maybe they will, maybe they won't. Maybe they will. And maybe they won't. You know, let's start singing a song. Have we're going to do a little number two? A little number two, a little number 85. Not number 69. There you go. Come on, Ricky. I mean, the fact that I'm if they're right, would let me let me turn on a real channel. Okay. Let's turn on the channel six and see what's what the story is here. Oh, that's right. This is a crazy cable. You got four and seven and six when you have some nice folks with us here today. Okay. Come on. Bob, I love you. Bob, we were, but I'll come on. Put your teeth back in. Bob, it stopped. You're not yourself. Come on. The shooting beliefs are taking place anywhere between nine and ten eight in the morning. So they don't want to take any chances and they need to cover an extremely large area. This could take over ten. What about channel 10? What about channel 10? They were. We're the hellish channel 10. Is that honest thing? They're what is the channel 69? Is channel 10? We're is it on this stupid table. What number is channel 10 on this? What cable company is this? Oh, one is a thing to say goodbye to the cable. Then we can just turn a small dish in this boy. What number is channel 10 on this thing? 14 is some direct 13 is some free channel 12 is a spot. 10 is two. Let's get into doing a little jig in the kitchen. But I can't deny some fat eating a faker on eight is a couple of sports and seven is the WLRN. Where's that thing? I don't know of the, I don't think it's on the building story for us in the case for us this morning. We also have a little ball man. We just got to take care of that red next senator, Phil Graham from Texas. He could be the chigrid and wood pile on his bill that's already passed the house on getting local channels on a small dish. Better straighten his ass out. Ready to block it if they leave some little thing in there that they want to do. I just got the craft field Graham, okay, you Yahoo, drooling redneck and sign that thing and let's get a go. We can have those channels under by next week. Let's speak of that. The cable people must be peeing in their pants because all over my neighborhood now including right by me yesterday. All of a sudden magically appears. All this cable. All this wire. This cable stuff that they're all getting ready to put up there. So I have a feeling that they're like rewiring and maybe they're going to give a lot more choices and upgrade the picture. All of a sudden the cable people are making a renewed presence all over the hood. Like we're going to impress you with what a great picture and all great choices. Sorry as soon as this bill is signed by all president, they buy a bubble. Bye bye. Bye cable people. Bye bye. Don't take it personally unless you want to. Twenty-two noon is five sixty WQIN. Is that what I said? This is five sixty two AM. Only one south Florida radio station. Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey. This is a govert week they happen in the two sports radio five sixty QAF. Hey cable doing a show from Flagler days got old. We know it five. But anyway it's a murder suicide. They got the Lieutenant Skip Washaw the Avenger police on here right now. And he said they're acting they spoke to some people who were like witnesses on the scene in No Starbucks and they said it was a homicide suicide. And the manager of the mall that Avenger says this was a and I'm quoting him now a tragic isolated incident and the mall is closed. A tragic isolated incident. In other words not everybody's walking in shot. So I have it every day. They've a tragic isolated incident. I'm interested in that the choice of words but nevertheless. Homicide suicide. So I don't think you have to be in your pants and panic that we got some crazy gun and I'm letting you on over time. This won't be a few others probably a few others probably several others but not this one. Homicide suicide. And the mall it be closed stop going in there already. Okay stop going in there. To have an chore right now. They'd like to have your business. It's right before the holidays and they'd like to you know I'm sure the department wants your money just save your money don't chop anywhere else because they're get upset. Just go home for a while and the stay loose. Stay loose is a caboose. 560-50560 pound 560 on the AT&T line our floor line is open 877-775 Neil 877-775. And you notice like I said they don't care about the gun thing the people are getting shot all over even though it's right here in the middle of our town not in Hawaii not in Seattle. That applies is very very far away. It's happening right here. Somebody gets pissed off having every single day all these domestic disputes and then we have these assholes saying well if we just you know I have the death penalty if we just well how do you get the death penalty somebody committed suicide after the blown people away. Happens all the time now little in Colorado. Mortars and suicide over their implantation at deal kills the wife or the x-wet closes brains out. Doesn't even give us a chance to a fry his ass saves us a lot of money but never less. Here's Pompano hello. Pompano. Yes sir. Yes look I was listening to the show yesterday and as well today you know I'm a white male and I have two children from seven years old. Yes sir. And it had upset me very much to think that our governor bush along with Clinton and everybody else is doing everything they can to give all the minorities everything and a reality my kids have a right. And we can't get somebody in government that can just not look at color I believe black people have rights. No. But how come we don't get an equal rights and how come there's a misblack America and no miswhite America. You have a miswhite America. If you have a miswhite America then the accused you being a racist would be like a clan thing. See if you have a you know it's okay to have a t-shirt that's his black power but if you had a t-shirt that's white power they put a hood on your head and see your clansmen see. Oh if I agree with you sir in fact this diversity plan and the governor's come up with this perversity plan is which is nothing but a window dressing and trying to get this thing off the ballot next year because it's not politically correct and he'll be embarrassed when the voters including me vote overwhelmingly the end of the government of action this is just window dressing and some more crap because it won't be politically good for him to be in the state where we out vote out a firm in a action I say you know it's interesting that we have all of these problems with these minorities. There's an easy way to solve that let's just us white people take over and we'll have a couple of states where all the minorities go except those people we choose can stay here we'll take a boat. Well I'll tell you I've been here staying who has to leave. I've been born and raised right here in Pompano be. Looks pretty good yes and I like it and I hear everybody complain about everything all the time. Yeah and bottom line is what is it we just worry about ourselves and just stop looking at colors both crap I'm just so angry it's our government. I'm talking about minorities though I just thought you said they have all the rights and the white people don't have any rights and you just say how can you say that when you don't want to look at color. I do want to look at color. All right I do you're right. Yeah I do. You're right. I want to look at it. I'm prejudiced against people that are like me. Oh I see again some well I do you got a good reason for that. I treat every man way he treats me. Right. I just like to black people like Black men and hate Dan Rino because he's a super star and he's white. And they will and then we'll call this show an admitted even though that we know it's true. Red fox is one of my favorite actors we already did. All right. I'm just going to call you. No. Got to put it in anyway maybe they got a good son tan I wouldn't say the darker than that. Yeah that's why I'm. Bottom line like white just why is it like this like I don't understand this. Well because because you got all these bleeding heart liberals of which I used to be one pandering and now even people like Bush because he thinks it's politically correct pandering to minorities I think everybody's got to stand on his own thing. You know what I'm saying that's the way America's got to be stand on your own mirror. Get yourself an education get a brain if you can compete and stop looking for a special treatment stop looking for a handout no matter what the hell you happen to be. Well I'll tell you if this is it. My right. Is that correct? You are definitely correct. Right. That's what I'll tell you. I would like to know if this is on the hair I'd like to state Mr. Bush. Why can't you look at everybody the same? I mean my children have a right to be looked at. I'd like them to go to college. It's sad to think that black kids are going to get to go to college. Well mine can't. Well that's part of the governor's new plan now. Normal white kids go to college only minorities only blacks and breed dark. Hispanics those are the only kids and maybe a few Chinese. Well maybe someday we'll be the minority. I don't know. But we're not ready. Don't you already live in South Florida? Yeah right. Well not in Miami Bay. But they take a look around pal. I know. I know. And I don't want to speak Spanish. I still a legal. One more thing on the dolphins if you don't mind. I don't mind. I don't mind. No dolphin talk on this show. Okay. We got two people got shot and killed over here and have a tour of all of this guy wants to talk about the guy damn dolphins for Christ's sake. They're killing dogs and cats in China. And this guy wants to talk about dolphins. 5.670560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's the call from Fort Myers. This may be of a breath of fresh air or not. How are you doing now? Okay sir. Last call points to the change in liberalism. I think it's taken place over the years. Can you give a liberalism? I think so. I'll tell you what I mean. Liberalism used to be the call for a collar blind society. If you were a liberal, that was what you were articulating. Judge every person on his own merits. Not by the color of his skin. No. I don't think that's what a member. It's to be you know, in for all kinds of spending billions and billions of dollars to build housing projects and to drive to drag people out of the get-os and drag people up by their bootstraps and all this other stuff. That's what liberalism was all about and didn't work. Well, that was part of it too. But I think that liberalism initially had a collar blind society as its ideal and liberalism has become now the most colored conscious ideology. Well, I try to tell me that Jeff Bush is a liberal. No, but he's not a proactive affirmative expert. He's not that he's a right wing fanatic. Yeah, I'm talking about this. Like I said, it's all window dressing. It is all window dressing as the cover up for his A plus plan for the public school system where he's trying to penalize blacks and other people in the words in the get-os schools and make sure that those people continue to fail and reward people in the, you know, the wealthy schools in the wealthiest neighborhoods. You don't need any more rewards. Right, long range. That was a cover up. Right, long range, called being to undermine the public schools. Absolutely. And perokio school, that's where it's all and private schools and perokio schools education for the rich and crap for the poor. That's what it's all about. Yep, subsidized education while you're at it. Right. Let me ask you out of the question why we're talking. I read it this movie that was discussed on your show a while back. Does Blair Witt's project, did you ever say? Oh, I sure we did not. Absolutely. Concant free, you know. Right. Not a thing. Not a thing. Okay. But it has a lot of, you know, screaming and carrying on and throwing out tools. Evidently, yeah. A lot of you. A lot of you. A lot of you. Yeah. Yeah. It's the experience of watching a home video camera and you hear the guy behind the camera talking. Yeah. It's very good watching something trying to figure out why the hell it became such a cult thing and all these young people get sucked into it and it made millions and millions of dollars when there's no story there. And why all these so-called critics that we're raving about it. It's a pity. I'm not going to believe. There's absolutely no one in the world. Every person I have spoken to without exception is said they got a headache. They got vertical and they want their money back. There's nothing next. And right when you think that maybe it's going to start, maybe it's going to happen. Right. That's one of those. Exactly. I'm like this station. Okay. I have a right day pal. Just like this radio station. When you think you're going to come in and everything's going to work. Surprise. Like this morning again. Again. I mean, you know, it's just astonishing to me that they're this blatant, this flagrant. Like I said, Greg, you want to say goodbye. Tell a piece of it is good after checkbook. I can be gone this weekend, baby. I take about a five rear vacation. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T line. That out of town line, it's sitting there, baby. 8, 7, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Neil. 7, 8, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5. We heard any more about when it's going to become the All-American line. Oh. And it's going to work from coast to coast. Oh. No. Because our program directors running around Green Hall. Hey, for sure. It's a shooting. Yeah, he's running around the hall. Dancing with Bill Tanner. Yeah, there was no disco records. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I'm sitting over here in North Miami in that dark county. And I've heard about North County. With dark county. I've sat here and heard about 10 gunshots over here in North Miami this morning alone. All over the place. Well, we're just celebrating the All-American. I guess. There's no way you can stop guns. They're never going to stop the guns. Okay. One thing. I'm really pissed off about one thing. Man, it has not been on the station. But one time, it has a couple months. We'll go with that. You're asking me? That sucks. It really does. Yeah. He needs to be on the air a little bit more. I could have had a call. He managed to be on 15 hours a day. He'd have me. I can't have to audience with a man dog as on. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. If I got to go, I got to roll that one. Sure. Okay. See you. Yeah. 560560. Yeah. And while they investigate and take their pictures of a crime scene and interview the witnesses, the lawful have to wait for medical examiners. Whether they're on the scene or not, that's taking. Yeah. Great. Okay. Let's do a lady in Laterhill. Hello. Yes, man. Yeah. This is, of course, from Laterhill. I'm talking about the, the pre-Cybatalkin' about the pitiful situation in the church. I think it's terrible because they're not, it's not reported. It's not put out in the first. And it, there's what this past, uh, three stem for Laterhill. There was three incidents, incident that were published in the news. People can now with it. But they want to happen. Since the church dismoosen someplace else, but you don't know about it. It's like a chess game. They keep moving around from one place to another. Yeah. Sweetheart on the carpet. They pay me like Michael Jackson. They pay people off to keep their mouth shut. And then it goes on. Yeah. And if they send them to some other part of the country unless somebody else is kids. If you're to choose pedophile and you're moving to enable it, it's put out. There's a pitiful in your neighborhood. Unless you're a priest, right? Yeah. Unless you're a priest. And I'm a Catholic. And I think it's terrible because it's just a white building. Why don't you have to carry? Are you supporting this? I mean, you're something. No, I'm supporting the fact that it should be known that that's, No, but I mean, are you financially supporting the Catholic church? Do you give money? I haven't lately. Good. Stop putting money in that. I will not until they do something with this situation. I really do. Well, it's great. It kind of put the plate around. So you, uh, amen. Get out of here. Well, I have, I have done my own little way of doing it. But I think it's time that we did something and starting right here right now. It shouldn't be going right now. Right now. Let's start in the house. We don't. Okay. Keep publishing. Keep telling people better. It's wrong. Amen. It's wrong. Thanks a lot. Yeah. I've been talking to this for years. You know, all you people that agree with me on this. In fact, we got eight million horse stories including Columbus High. Of course, which we know about that. But nevertheless, and you continue going every Sunday, which is your goal. I'm going to be a little bit more proud of supporting this group institution. But for crying out loud for Christ's sake, if you've part in that expression, why you got to support it with a tangible $1 in sense. So they can have more money to pay off the guy they're insurance. All the lawsuits because the insurance companies won't ensure them anymore, which they won't by the way, because they've had so many lawsuits for pedophilia. That's right. They've had the Catholic Church in this country. It's had so many lawsuits for these pedophile priests that they can't be insured. The insurance companies have dropped them. And so now they have to keep raising these millions of dollars just to pay off and hush up these families. And you're subsidizing it. Very nice. Very nice. Talk about brainwashed intervening. And by the way, don't forget to cross yourself before you go to the mall. Three minutes till noon at 2 a.m. This is 5.60. You way out. Two way out. It's gone. The code. We've got a shot. We've got a shot. And the ladies. Special. The Jimmy Johnson show with changing the hammer. Writing is in five. All season long. Here on Sports Radio 5.60. QA air. I met a priest when I was eleven. He said he would say, my soul. But we made a detour on the way to heaven. And into the end of that room we did take a stroll. While he was standing in his underwear. So he'd have been over and say it prayer. All right. Well, that was wrote when they thanked you, man. I got my message by the preacher man behind the rakes to read. Write them. The next day I felt like a sinner. Then I showed up to get communion. Put on my tongue. Bad boys in a way for. Tanniff all day. Why the driffin? I'm not cheating. Sports work. Well he was standing in his underwear. Tell me to bend over and say prayer. All up is wrote when we did thank you, man. I got my message by the preacher man behind the rakes to read. Correct them. He was standing in his underwear. Tell me to bend over and say prayer. Pulled up his robe and said, thank you, man. I got my message by the preacher man behind the rake to read. It's all packed in the church. That's her name. You're 12 or two at five, 60 WCN. Who's this? You know, by the way, I don't know. There's just laying on the floor. And right now, I go from. Why do they have to share them? They see every Zid on his face. You know, you people are channel seven year. But you know, he looked like a pretty good looking young guy there. There was one of the witnesses to what was going on in there. And then the course of they got you started seeing the acne and the zits and the pores and his head. You know, why do you have to do that to try to make you a bit of a look bad? Now, this Lisa Baldwin you got on there right now from about 600 yards away. She don't look too bad. Not right. Not too bad. This blonde bimbo. But I bet you've got a free up close on her. Air report is proud of some kind of like Kathy Wilson. Real modeled and popmarked and all. Geez. Anyway, five six seven. Five sixty, five sixty on the AT and T line. You know, everything in this country seems to come back. I think Bill Bradley is definitely right about that. We got racial problems in America. Is that news? That's not big news. But everything comes back to that education system. That Jesse Jackson running around. You know, we try to have you try to meet out a little bit of justice. You got disobedient kids. And if they happen to be of a certain color skin right away. You got demagogues like Jesse Jackson running around sticking their nose in there. And our Rudy Giuliani in New York says he'll fight discrimination by Ken drivers. All right. We can't direct your Danny Glover filed in discrimination. Complains saying five New York City taxi drivers refuse to pick him up. Well, who would you pick him up? I sure wouldn't pick him up. Mayor Rudy Giuliani promised to crack down on cabbies who bypass black folks. Svartors. The mayor. That's what he said. He said, you don't pick up those spartors. And I'm going to kick your ass. The mayor on Wednesday and out to 100 undercover black officers and begin Hailing cabs and issuing summons is how do you like that? We're going to have undercover spartor police. Hailing cabs. And saying hail Mary's. Suspending license even confiscating the taxis of drivers. It don't stop. If you don't stop for a dangerous looking black guy to pick him up in your cab, you got tourists, baby. There's a good way to avoid all of this. The mayor's going to be different now. Julie, and he said, I think everybody who lives in the city knows this. It's been going on for a very, very long time. And this is an opportunity to change it. The mayor acknowledged the Glovers complaint prompted the crackdown. The Reverend Al Sharpton, there we go. Has also said he plans to file a class action lawsuit on behalf of blacks who have been passed by taxi drivers. Be Ravi, decide. Is that another one of those laundry heads? No doubt. A staff worker for the taxi workers alliance, which represents drivers, called the crackdown pure skate-goating. It's just an attempt by a racist mayor to pick black people against Brown or black workers of color he said. Glovers attorney Randolph Scott McLaughlin is suggested better training for new driver tax drivers, including introducing them to ordinary black and New Yorkers. Ordinary spartures is opposed to dangerous spartures. I think it's the wrong application to a chronic problem of band-aid on a cancer. He said, it's a waste of resources to have black officers on corners, hailing cabs. The city requires a one-day cultural diversity seminar for cab drivers and is tried for years to weed out discrimination using undercover inspectors. Officials said about 400 cab drivers are cited each year. 400 cab drivers are cited each year, which of course is only in the tip of the iceberg. So there's a lot of cab drivers in the York who don't want to pick up the dark folks. You think that they're all racist? That's what it is. Must be. 560, 0560, pound-560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. Yeah sir. What is it? What is it? What are you talking about sir? What language are you speaking? Why do you scared that they might take over your job or something? No, not. Then? What are you talking about? Yeah. That's for you pal. There's a big one for you. Okay. Don't like his panics. Here's the guy who's got nothing to say. And he hasn't got any idea what I'm talking about. Are we talking about his panics now? Another professional spec is what you are sir. We're not even talking about his panics. Just because one of these guys in his murder or homicide thing, they would have into a mall at the, at the goddamn coffee Starbucks. Was allegedly perhaps his panic or maybe once had a little too much coffee later or something like that. And this guy don't like his pan. I like nice people sir. I like civilized decent people. I don't care. I see what I meet people. I don't ask about their, their family tree. Where did their panics, their family come from? Are they Cuban-Americans Puerto Rican-American? Are they smart? I don't care. I like nice people. That's all. What the hell do I care? But you sound to me like a professional spick is what you sound like to me. So, you too, okay pal. Back at you. And thanks for your brilliant input here on the knee or why you're showing to me around the knee or why you're showing WCWM and God bless you for listening. I'll pray for you sir. Here's Lantana. Hello. Are you doing fair? Okay. Good. You know what I was doing well until you brought up for a half, just you Jackson. Yeah. He's a real pain in the grass. I'm checking when you heard that. Yeah, you got to get him. Can you please don't have any gag reflex? I didn't know he was just panicked though, you know it? Oh, I don't know what that guy was. That was on the line. Now for ten. But anyway, you know he can't run away. But maybe refried beans. He thinks he's Mexican this guy. I'm sorry. You want to grab the refined beans. Yeah. But anyway, he's trying to hurt me Albert record. That's what did it put this guy over the edge. He was Taco Bell. Too much Julio Iglesias Junior. Maybe he's George Junior. Could be. But anyway, you know where it's Michael Junior. We're having Jackson. He's kind of reminds me of for all though. Yeah. But you never seen him in the same room with the same time. Oh, sure. He's on there all the time. I can't storm up. I have to go to the bathroom so I excuse me. But anyway, closing. Yeah. Lantana. You're Rudy Poody. Okay. Thanks. It's not 150560x2060 on the 18th. See we don't know all in the sir. Nobody, car. No plan, came anywhere in this show about Rudy Tudi. Do Spag just play in there, dare you do Spag? Nobody cares, it's boring. It's pathetic. That's that's ancient history. Let's move on now. Okay. Let's move on. Hold n upwards. Oh come on, let's do it. God. I just, you know. Yeah, I realized you have to be drag kicking and screaming into the next generation of whatever we're going to do on this show. But that's ancient history. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. North Miami Beach. Oh, yeah? Yes? We landed happy birthday. Thank you. I want to talk to you about this asshole, Charles Heston. Yes? We'll be talking to TV the other day and this talk is a registered shirt. Tell them that guns don't kill people. The frame of rhetoric. That's the only skill people guns don't kill. Yeah, that's what he's the last time you saw the surgeon pull a gun out of somebody's body. Tell he was talking to this guy in Hawaii. I killed seven people. Yeah. Well, when I checked his arm, he had 70 guns. That is correct. That is absolutely correct. That's the only way correct. Right. And I'm not sure he was busy shining those guns all the time. And while he was shining those guns, he said, what the hell do I need these guns for? I got used to one of them. Uh-huh. And apparently, you've got to him after a while. And all these guns. Well, what good are they? I might have killed somebody. There you go. And that's me, Larry, people fake. Of course, if he wouldn't have any of those guns, he probably wouldn't have shot anybody or anything. Right, that's what I'm trying to say. And this is happening. Just thinking of him to tomorrow. If there wouldn't have been any guns involved, they're probably we'd have nobody dead that I haven't to tomorrow. And people can be doing their goddamn heavily shabby right here. That's right. They're right. And I don't know how you're going to stop it. Now, since it's in grain in America, pal. It's America. It's not dogs in America. It's the run, man. OK, God bless you, sir. All right. I'll see you at the passport office. Ha ha ha ha ha. Just have somebody to give you a ride. 560560, pound 560. It's toll free on the AT&T wireless line. It's 10 pass no to QA. Jim Mandage, toss off the flag. Right here. On the fourth radio five. Yeah. You say, oh. This is the Neo Roger. So. This is your brain. Any questions? There. There. There. Hold on. There. There. There. There. Suddenly. There's my company. I've made this morning. Take your. And the other day too. There. And the straight. The call is the second. I've turned out to. There. There. Like. Yeah. There. All that. Yes. It's. I'm working on that. So. So. Today. We'll be. You know, I hate to say this. But I bet you. While these people are getting shot in. Starbucks at the. Haven't to remodel this morning. There are a lot of people out there. Bass fishing and playing golf. And I just want to with no. Cheers to that. I want to express. First of all, I want to apologize just in case it's. Welcome to another happens in Shanghai. Then I want to continue doing this morning. Good. Part two and say the Kevincs have been helping us and he's helped us a lot in the weekend. Then I, I came once Australia. They're coming over here for sure. Okay. The first day. The second day. Then we have in the weekend. We have in the evening we have. Pressured to keep people running the radio. I want to express. And more than a year ago. That's the, is, is seeping through the vents in there. You're very lucky. Because I would have to light up, and spite of the non-smoking policy, I'd have to light at least get the incense going at Georgia's garden there. Because I'm making myself nauseous. I'm just, my head is spinning from the aroma, even my own, which usually when joy quite a bit, not these, I'm sorry. I'm just, every now and then, if you see me tilt over to the side, and maybe sneak in a little one over here. And if you see that, make sure that you don't come anywhere into this room. Because I'm telling you, it's making me wanna swoon. So that stuff is very good, and it won't make you fat, it'll help tie you over, but, oh boy, it'll do some very strange things too. Wow. Oh, guys, it's, in fact, it's starting to get fog up and here a little bit. I'm talking about it's getting steamy, like in the shower. And for you, people out there, by the way, who aren't taking this very seriously about these two people getting shot and killed at Starbucks right here in a shopping mall, because you think there's nothing to say about it. Well, at least get a little bit upset, at least you could say, is like, ah, yeah, show a little bit of concern. Don't be like that bitch from last week. Oh, I don't have time to care. At least show me that you care. Ah, yeah, that would be good. People are gonna, uh, fan up on this crap that are sick and tired of the shooting and the killing and the massacre that's become the American effin' way. The gunslaughter. That's all, you don't have to say anything intelligent. There's not too much to say about it. Cause like the guy said before, it's not gonna stop. It's, it's ingrained. It's like shaving apple pie and monica. It's right in there deep. It's deep. You're not gonna get it out, but at least be, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, pissed off about it for Christ's six. Show a little something. I got a little something. Here's David, hello. Hey, I'll come to the office. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I'm doing okay. Good, good to hear it. Drowning in a seat of gas. I'm doing a little child surfing last night and, uh, Jackie Mason's on the O'Reilly factor. Oh, hey. If anybody looks like a human fish, yeah. It's gotta be him. Yeah, but how could you say that? Because there's a human black. He's only doing the same stick for 150 years. That's about 56. That's all that I might be beat. It was still doing the same crap. Then, I don't know you don't like the shfart. I keep flipping around and there's Al Sharpton on other stuff. The shfart is boy. There is a professional cool right there is that Al Sharpton. They're right there is one, what? The causes racism. He's just like the nanny is a walk and add for anti-Semitism. Al Sharpton is a walking add for racism. I don't need to name it. I was like a D in parentheses for democratic form or senate candidate. You know, yeah. Why not professional instigator or a rambler rouser? Count counsel for Tijuana Brawler. He's like that. Anyway, you say now he would vote for Hillary Clinton over Giuliani for mayor or for the Senate. And, you know, he's saying Giuliani just like him. I got to write to vote. I think they vote more than once probably. At least they didn't think and was elected when he got 99% of the black vote, which, you know, isn't it? They're just doing like that. That was just a coincidence. Exactly. But, you know, he would say that he wouldn't vote for Giuliani because he hasn't failed in foreign policy. Now, since when does a mayor of New York or any city have anything to do with foreign policy anyway? Hey, if he would come to Miami, then he could know something about it. That's the only place going to Texas like George W. He might even know who the goddamn governor of Texas was. Now, the people have that on that's why they got to vote for the San Francisco. That's when I started in suspicious when they asked George W. The name of the governor of Florida. And he said, uh, some guy named Bush. Yeah. That's why I started getting a little bit suspicious that maybe he's more of a more than I thought he was. Well, Jeff, I mean, maybe he was named by, uh, one of the, uh, sharp. Maybe he, maybe he was, maybe he was, buddy with the Barney, what's his name? There, Jeff, a dia. Maybe he was on the Barney, what's his name? Buddy, Epson. Always gets his name. What's that Barney, five Barney? What is it? What's the name of that show? Err, any group? Oh, not Barney, five. Say, that's the Yahoo cop there that's on channel 7 every afternoon for five hours. Oh, what's going on? No, not in the long. No, not in the long. Was it? Barney, John. Barney, John, always gets his man. There you go. It's dead as a Gemini. I get it at whatever that is. Some redneck name. Gemini. I'm dying over here. Have a great day, pal. Gemini. God. Five, six, seven, five, six. That's almost as bad as Anthony. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the 18T Wireless Line. Here's Fort Myers, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. This is monkey boy from Fort Myers. Yeah. I just wanted to call him and say that. I'm going to say something coherent today because we don't go for chronic smokey boy. No, no, no. We don't like over here. It's monkey business and the chronic. No, I think that the shooting down there is terrible. Yeah. Oh, that's very profound monkey boy. And I also got something political. Yeah. I don't know if you're all aware of. Yeah. Yeah. Now we got this sheriff, McDougal. Yeah. He uses his political power to manufacture. Yeah, he's a fanciful. Yeah. We can relate to it. We got all our people, our fanciful too. Like Ken Jenny and Barak County. We got a lot of good fancifuls to over here. Yeah. And while you're a pinga. Maripinga. Yeah. We're still trying to check out those two pingers coming from the sound boxes. They're at the bottom of the ocean floor. It's really nervous about the two pingers on the bottom of the ocean floor. Well, we can have three pingers on the bottom of the ocean floor. Sounds good to watch here in the county. Yeah. Three pingers in the water. Okay. We have to make a douchehole. See you. See you in the start using like monocours like that. That's when you know chronic chronic. Oh boy. I don't know. For us. Thank you. We'll see you in a couple of weeks. Maybe 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. 6. The air is starting to clear in air. Oh, how low you can breathe again. Now. Oh. I'm serious. I mean, when to get that bad, the year yourself start getting really grossed out. I had something die inside your body, something really scary. Here's a mobile info. Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, man. Hello. Yes. Frank. Wait until the top to kneel. Frank. This is Frank. Yeah. I'm putting it on. No, no. You're putting us on. Okay. She's putting him on. 5. 6. 7. 0. 5. I'm not sure if you can get that last call. I think that was the murder or right there. Just anyway, what did the guy say about 10. Christopher, something about some guy named Dick Dick and Riva? Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. You know, first time call a long time listener. All right. I don't know what's going on. I think fact you mentioned in the last hour. What's going on? My neighborhood. I'm sounding candle. My neighborhood is surrounded by a dolphin-a-capital truck. Yeah. See what I'm saying? See what I'm right. I'm not the only one. My neighborhood, you know how they have the big roles of cable that they should pay the back of the whole. Air-re-care-re-pull has got a big role of that cable. And obviously, now since this thing announcement a couple of days ago, the cable company are a friend so they're all getting ready to do a big remake job and they're probably going to upgrade the picture and give us 50,000 channels and it can stuff it up the rest. Exactly. Neil, I had no idea until you mentioned it like an hour ago about this whole thing with the RectV. I could never afford to rescue the Ann cable at that time. And I've been a victim of a dolphin-a-capital and their crappy service for 10 years and I'm going to get an opportunity to finally get rid of it. We better hope this day. I mean, if it reads right through the house and now only that Jack Assa from Texas that Riyahu is standing in a way. And he's probably probably got their hand deep inside his pocket feeling in the change. But anyway, to get it through the Senate, then just a couple of days after that, Bubba's already said he'll sign it and then just matter of moments after that, within 48 hours after he signs it, you'll have all your local channels on your small dish and you can tell a cable company to stick it as far as they can. I'm looking forward to that Neil. Thanks a lot. Okay. We're luck to us. Yeah, this is a great day, maybe. Only the skilled grand is Julian Yahoo. Oh, God. Man. You know, you were a publicans. You know, I realized that you were entitled to be whatever to help political affiliation you want. And we got plenty of losers in our party too. Democratic Party, but God Almighty, what a bunch of drooling Yahoo's that Tom Delay, the one at like, ghost steps all the time, you know, with his arm up in here and it's Trent Lot, all grinning drooling lunatics, filled Graham. You know, she was running for president too for about two and a half minutes. And everybody said, no thanks. Even if he's going to the Dan Quay, I'll let you know. I've been all thanks to all. Okay. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Good afternoon. In accordance with Veterans Day, I want to wish all the Cubans a happy Veterans Day. Go Cubans. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Go Cubans. Yeah, please, soon. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Can I talk to Neil? You're speaking to a man. Hey, Neil. I wanted to talk to you about the cabs for second. Can you go back to the cab? Yes, I can. Okay. I'm going to turn in. Oh, oh, oh, oh. It's not our picking up other slices. Yeah. Are there any cab drivers that are small? Is it a not stopping? Oh, I don't know. They're all middle-least in their laundry heads. You know, all the cab drivers now got little turbines on their heads. Because my idea is, why don't we take some of these police officers that said, I went to the lab, wow, a bounty on the corners. Yeah. I'm starting to get some cabs and let them show around the slices. That sounds good. At least they'd be armed anyway. So, yeah, can we prevent this? Can we pull this in? Can we get a cab? If I'm driving a cab and somebody looks dangerous to me, whether he's black white, whether he's a Cuban Puerto Rican, whether he's from Goddam Islamabad, I don't care where to hell he's from. But the fact is that if he looks dangerous, I'm not going to pick him up. I'm going to, oh, no, sorry. I got to fear. In fact, you know what I would do? I didn't have like a little dummy in the back of the cab. That's a good way to get around it, you know? That's a good way to get. That's a good way to get. That's a good way to get. That's a good way to get. That's a good way to get. That's a good way to get. That's a good way to get. That's a good way to get. Wow. You know it's not right. Yeah. We'll tell OG to get out of the neighborhood, okay? Tell them I'll go back to Kendall. Oh, they don't want him in Kendall. We'll talk him to go back to California. That sounds much better. Oh yeah. 560, 505, 60, pound five, 60, they love OG. Man, Elton, I had put they love it. I'm the only one. I'm out there on the limb. Just a few of us here at QAM. They know what a murdering prick he is. But everybody including role. All they love him. are management they all love them. They're very angry at some of us for making a big stink about that whole deal. That's why I'm farting in here today so badly. It's my response. That's my protest that making a big stress thinking here is still about that old-day thing at the golf tournament. Oh, oh god. 26 pass known as 560 but they bring the food from Tony's by the way. Don't even think about bringing it in here. I'll go out there and grab some. You don't believe me. You don't want to come into this room. Nobody alive will come out of here alive. Hey baby I'm gonna use you as a sex toy. It's called Pretty What at 560WQAM. Thanks to our good friends Tony's in the night. I'm going to check because they're great to us. Our good friends over there Tony's bread and all the going over there. They're great. And even though I'm continuing to do, oh man, God you could probably answer that one on the air. I'm sorry by I apologize. Here's a lady in Massachusetts. Hello. Hello. Hi. Yes man where are you? I'm in Massachusetts. Like in a city or just a... I'm in a red world mess. Oh, a lumbly line out very well. Hi, you two. Well, I used to live in Boston. I know kidding. Yeah, many, many year, a lifetime ago, early 60s. Oh, yeah. I'm just living the back bay on Commonwealth Avenue. Oh, you know how you feel? Very nice area. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Now it's very expensive. Yes, it is. All the upies are there. Like by Nubbery Street. Oh, it's beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of fine-looking people in that area. Now I'm dying to know I hear you talk to my boyfriend, Nick, and Leigh, Hannah. Got a half bar. I did. You did? I know. Yes, you are. Are you paying for this call? I apparently I didn't have a whole forever. No, no, I don't mean that. But I mean, didn't you have to die? And this isn't... What did you dial? Eight, seven, seven. And you were able to get true? I don't know. Yeah. Maybe this thing is working now. And in other words, we're paying for it. How do you like that? That's great. I want to know why you told me to call you? I don't know. What do you tell you to say? You didn't need to say call me. Yeah, but that's great because you're like a pioneer. Now this is the first out-of-state call that we're getting on his line. Maybe this line finally works now. It works. She is supposed to be nationwide and it's only been for the wide for like the last week and a half because the phone coverage is not good. But now since you're calling direct from Massachusetts, if you really are in level of mass. I am. I'm here. Oh, my God, bless you. Sweetheart, if we have $100, that is a 10,000-ton small deal. Thanks anyway. Thank you. And have a great day. Yeah, bye-bye. How do you like that? Maybe just maybe. Just maybe. I'll not do sure. Maybe that line is now working nationwide. What do you think? Oh, you think so? Come on. If you're like out of Florida, if you're out of your mind, give it a shot. Okay, give it a shot. Did they say it happened? Sure. One, eight, seven, seven, eight, five, Neil, any? I'll. Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty, five. The next call that comes online nine, Robert in between multiples of pieces looking at it. He's thinking about answering it. He's putting his finger on it and the phone line too. He's answering it. He's typing a message up under the, uh, Christ. It's only a mobile and boi in beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, I wanted a touch up on that cab situation too. Yes, sir. Are you a cab driver? You're absolutely not. But uh, the thing is, would you pick up a dangerous looking sparse or if you were a cab? No, I wouldn't. And I think if these people are dressed like a nice wax and a nice shirt, people are going to stop and pick them up. They're sitting there with a gold tooth and a can go. Yeah. They're not going to get picked up. How many bikers, you know, motorcycle or Los Angeles has this problem? I don't know of them. How many punk rockers have I don't think how many hills angels take a cab? But never let you know my point or punk rocker. I'm sure they're just, uh, you know, people are, uh, seriously discriminating against them as well. Well, it's not a close to being discriminated against. I mean, how how many cabbies get mugged murdered, get robbed, get, why me? We were eating that every day every day. Why me? I mean, Fred, let me give an example. And when's the last time you picked up a hitchhiker? Never. Okay. How many hitchhikers do you see on a road now days? None. And you wanted to lie because no person in his right mind, the way society is today, picks up a hitchhiker. You have to be out of your mind a bit. Years ago, like maybe 15 to 20 years ago, you picked up hitchhikers all the time, especially as they look good. But I mean, you know, what's the problem with that? Now, you'd have to be out of your mind because it's a violent society. You have to be real careful about who's getting in your car. I just want to tell you, I also hate O. J. Simpson's guts. And I totally agree with that outsharked and comedy you made. This creates racism. Really good. If you don't have enough racism, they can't be professional anti-white racist. They can't just as bad as being a clansman. They want you to be racist, apparently. Evidently, well, he does. He does. He's a leader. He keeps it's good for his business. All right. Okay, pal. And one thing about the Cuban guy who says Cuban go, I agree with that. Go. Okay. You got by. Yeah. Go, Cuban go. And we'll pack you made a no chair. I think he's what his guy is trying to say. I mean, this, you know, again, it's that same professional at the crowd. I'm enough, Cuba, Ben Man. Okay. Great. Well, you know, we'll pack you sandwich. Who cares? Stop being professional ethics like little George is on vacation this week. But you know it's how I feel about that. I don't know what happened. I mean, I've never used to. Oh, my God. Wait a minute. Wait. Can this be a call from Washington, DC? Yep, for the murder capital of the world. Neo, but we're catching up. Maybe you got to this more. I got to lock. I can't find down the home today to Miami today. So can you believe that you're calling a free to the second caller on the other town line? Well, I just heard you stood in there. That's why I decided to call my God. I'm just in front of the one. I'll be a little bit early. I speak. So let's say I had to call right now. Excellent. Now, are you, are you Cuban? I'm Cuban. Here's a Cuban and it's got to be in the car. Okay. You don't care about whether I'm Cuban or anybody. I don't care if your speak to is sharing a car. I'm not going to hear as long as you're ready to book a he don't care. Just tap on a second to it. That's all. That's the way to done there. I'm playing in about it. It is perfect. Man, you're love it. It's just like having it. As they say, Starbucks, it's it's the die for why I don't live in Starbucks area. So let me have interior. Well, don't plan on shopping at Adventurer today. I just died the name with all the rest. I think going to Wyslam. I think I'm going to go over there. Yeah, go over to Westland. It's the fact cruise the T-rooms of West land. You'll have a great time. Okay. Why just want to say hi, and the amount to leave right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right now. Right my name on a wall right by the glory hole. Okay? I'll do it. Right there. Thanks. Okay. Thanks. There's a call from Washington DC ladies and gentlemen. Oh my God. All these people listening on the Internet. We got people listening all over the world. That is guy damn thing. So now we got a nationwide. Now we need to get a work in Canada. I'm sure it's not working north of the border. Can you imagine the calls I get from Canada? The hockey calls. Which would be bad because then we turned into a hockey show. And there are no hockey fans here. You know, it's funny how I'm like my friend Dave the hockey guy. It was in the game last night who knows my good friend Jacob who was not in the game last night. If he was then come see out of me. But at any rate, it's amazing how many people come by at the games and say, oh yeah, but I'm a hockey fan to add me to your list. So now up to like 16, which is pretty good. My buddy Ron from Philadelphia is a good guy. Even though he's a diluted thing. He's been taking a lot of heavy medication lately. He thinks the flyers are going to win a Stanley. You're a good guy, Ron. You're a great guy, but the flyers are going to stand in the cup. Oh, not what that's seven in that man. I'll tell you that right now. And by the way, these are thanks again from the Maple Leafs for last spring. Thank you so much. And God bless you. We'll pray for you. Another one of those born again, goodie two shoes along. Oh, by the way, you see this thing in the paper day the selling of Jeff Gordon. Oh, two bad ones. Yo, castella was in here briefly. I don't know where he was next. Car thing. I didn't show this to him. For I don't understand why anybody was and it shows you here's this good born again guy. But he is being packaged commercialized. I mean, he's another high job and supposedly. I mean, there's nothing wrong with being wealthy and being religious to. I guess, but he's always on there for God this and God that and God bless all the money I'm making from this book. But he is one of the most boring people Jeff Gordon. And he's ugly. Ugly. Seriously, I look at the mirror and I say, you know, something I realized I'm ugly, but Jeff Gordon somebody forgot to tell him. He is ugly. He is grotesque. And I got news for any fact that our successful Jeff Gordon. I know this tremendous optometrist and tamarack. Yeah, he's one of his little cocky, but nevertheless 21 before, uh, one at five, 60 QAF. This is five, 60 QAF. All right, Get me going. But love him cause he is the now-for-goer. Oh yeah. Did I mention that he is the now-for-goer. He played for the day. He doesn't borrow sticks. Yeah, we love him cause he is the now-for-goer. But I'll go. Not I'll go. Not I'll go. Yeah, he's not I'll go. After a year one time, more. We love Phil O'Lan. Mostly cause he's not. Boring, out for a goal. Well, I don't feel like Bill Bradford. I'm not feeling like Bill Bradford. I'm not feeling like Bill Bradford. He's all in marijuana. He's all speaking to that. Guess who was on was Hank yesterday with a hump or okay, which every lives Hank isn't putting any words in his mouth or something else that I know of. But guess who was on there yesterday after knowing what his big anti-smoking campaign, which I'll give you one clue. Oh, I'm so, you're so big. And I don't know you see it like anti-smoking cigarettes for all you kids out there for whatever reason is getting on his bandwagon. He's also saying, oh, well, you know, a lot of these kids are smoking other things too, which of course, you're unmentioned. Well, he didn't want to say what it was. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. And that's really bad. See, it's only okay if you're in the NBA. Then it's okay to smoke the wicked weed. Am I right? Yeah. Come on. Put all your kids out there. Who are you kiddin' Alonzo? Okay. Who are you kidding my in our ticket, friend? Do you hear him? Have you ever heard him speak? Bad. Yeah. Yeah. And that's the best part. See, there you go again. Okay, expect it everybody to be lucky. Why do you? Here's a crawl table. Hello. Yes? Okay. Can't hear you, sir. Can't hear you. Sounds like he's got the phone and inside his throat or inside his back. Welcome. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, six, 7, 6, 6, 5, 7, piloting over the ladder, up to the lane, reach it, to the lowest position, and to the nothing more to the lowest position. That's the second place. One more point for you. Um ah. The говорю, that's your chance to jump into the장이λέ Time state. So the game starts and the game starts. From the estimation, it is 11, and to Dr Einburg. You're a group, right? Yeah. Yeah, that check extend 45 years, the sea right. Those calls aren't coming from out of town, either. We haven't had one real call from out of town yet in that line. We're just playing the... there's a deal in with us. Two Harry Benson tryin Table? How's Harry Miko grasned by the way? five kneel 8777856345 WCQA amount of town line Yes sir, where are you? In northern Virginia No, come on And our friends are you in northern Virginia? Yeah How come I hear us on the radio then in the background? That's what you hear, you hear it again, hold on Is that on the internet? Yeah Oh okay You sure that? I like what city are you like in a city? Are you out of the... Herndon Virginia? Herndon all boy Uh-huh And you're listening on the internet? Did you listen all the time to the show on your internet? Or just... And from Miami? Oh you're finally So the answer is obviously yes Yeah I would, yeah I have to listen from the internet now Right You mean? Is it pretty exciting up there? Because you saw like you're on the Virgilakoma in the home How you know it is? I'm trying to, I was trying to mute Waiters Who? Yeah? Yeah No Okay It... Oh I'm... Okay There you go An excellent, now we can almost hear this guy very good Neo! Yeah I bet this is a call from Herndon, Virginia I do I'd like to hear it Hey tell it if that guy's still listening I was way home from DC Yeah Whether it's much nicer in Miami Much nicer You know how... How do you know that if you're in Herndon, Virginia? I just... I just came up this morning Oh I see Yeah, I'm based here But I'm from Miami Right And I'm based there doing what? Why the tendon? You're a flight attendant? Yeah Oh my god Yes Wow Yes So I want to... Can I ask what your line would that be too low Would that be better? I could tell you because you would know But I won't say it is Monica Zeroine Monica Zeroine? Yeah Yep Because I can do your line I must blow them whatever it is Ha! Yeah, right You come in in my neighborhood I can't even get the tendon too But that's another story Ha! You come in in on one day when Monica came to DC Yeah And you saw her getting out of first class And you mentioned what airline United? She's stuck out the back I don't know American? I forgot Delta? One of those? United, I think I don't know I never fly United anyway So I guess I won't be seen Um, the... I got it to a... You're up here in this area Yeah This is like a severable washing can be seen We get this year a second call from Washington DC Oh! Good! Yeah! Um, and this line did not work Like two or three days ago Right, right Because I was looking into the... Right, right, right, right, right It just opened up today in the middle of the show I guess they finally put the hippo Connected into the shin bone Let me tell you that there's a video And all of a sudden like magic We had a call from Massachusetts Yeah! When I heard that, I thought that was excellent The thing is... Well, this was the idea Number one to run up a big bill And number two to make sure we have a steady stream of calls Because the people down here They didn't talk to me too much You know, it's always been that way Bag and bag She's going to be really sorry Man that they're not really using these calls heavy duty Because now I'm going to be talking to all these other geniuses Like you all over the country and to these people I am a genius There's no, yeah, I can tell Listen here in northern America They were made to play the tendons who wasn't As you can see here, you really feel bored And I have to thank you They haven't got nothing like this show up there I'll guarantee that Well, you know, in the morning the best we got is Howard Yeah And you know, I'm getting used to him I mean, I know I can listen to Rick and Sud Now that I got a It's not exactly a T1 line, but it's a line I don't have to tie up the phone line Right And it doesn't cost much Excellent excellent deal These guys go around and put them in apartment building for stuff Who tells Anyway All right, so got Howard in the morning Yeah, and there's like two talk stations here Yeah, and then in the afternoon There's Don and Mike Oh, Don and Mike Don and Mike Oh my, Don and Mike Don and Mike Oh, I'll blow They have a Gilbert Don and Mike, blow Yeah They have their own first Yeah You know Don and Mike Oh, I will say this Don's your animal The one great thing that he ever did say The only line that was good was W-I-O-D Oh, I hate that station I was here Okay, well listen pal, but they don't run Because this is running up to a real big building right now Okay, well, they look on his post From from 10 to 2 though, there's nothing If there is either red line, or jico or anything Oh, God, the hour fashes Okay, well, one more thing Closing, yes, please Here God damn it Okay, thank you Okay, there we go There's a flight attendant He's floating up there somewhere in Virginia 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Come on, you local people are a date and brow Do you better get with it? You're going to be a genusdry I'm talking about right now We just had a double shooting here And the goddamn sub-box Star-box, sub-rass Star-box that the adventurer A mall is morning And these people are like, you know What else wrong with you, man? When are you going to start showing like I said? Show a little bit of outrage AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH Like Mike me, that's right That had just sitting in an area Haunches sitting back, oh well Superads and other tragedy What's for dinner, you know? Where's that goddamn pizza from Tony's Right here on the table By the way, Geltys enjoying it Geltys in the building There's a good guy, Geltys Never stole a freight train He's the one that brought the He brought that morning show up He pulled him up by their bootstrap And still a little bit of a ball there And even deep away Right in the fence so much And we're starting to get a juck It's from right in the fence so much And now all of a sudden there's These guys are actually starting to say something And I show especially the very Jack Ashow And just the last couple of days Finally put very right over the edge In case you missed the earlier part of the day It was great It was fantastic Very was called off the year of course Because he not allowed to call on the year He's only allowed to guess down there at 1900 on the dial On their favorite station Which they're hoping will put us out of business But nobody is listening to 2400 on the dial With the Jim Barry rhymes with scary and fairy show Oh my god, a lady in Aquino Highl Pardon? Are you the lady in Aquino Highl? Yes I can't believe it I was told to call you my sign called me From Fort Latterdale Right He said call me Oh Well I'll be dying Isn't this great that you can call it We have to pay for it Yes I love it He's cheap bastard and gerates the best thing that ever happened I try So how's the weather up there in Aquino? Well I just can ask you the same thing It's like 48 here But it's a beautiful sunny day Yeah, wait till but no another two weeks Well it's a pleasure ring Wait till you're out there shoveling it You won't be seeing that Well we've all Of course down here we shovel something else Only for hours a day And because we're full of it We've already had our snow Uh-huh Just the traces Yeah Most of the snow down here goes up for a guy's nose Yeah, but that's another story Like when OJ comes down Well since we don't have a great day It's great hearing from you Okay, thank you Read the word Hmm, bye bye Bye bye In fact just write it on a rest room Walls all over America this number And have people call you know Drunksteegenerate We're paying for it The bees leaves actually have to cough up If you check Oh thank god Well if anybody deserves it If anybody deserves having to put out A couple of bucks These bastards do baby This is 560 2AM Oh boy It's the 1 to 2 hours 2AM 580 I'm the toiletee Nice we can swim 280 I'm the toiletee Nice we can swim 280 280 380 I got 280 I got 280 280 I got 280 I got 280 Nice and 380 Oh Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah I don't have to push I'm in control When I move inside the side of the toilet Oh I never have to train It's up now at home It looks a little like It's too zero I'd wait for the lens It's way too alive For me to be the chicken I'll tell you why I don't say all you're burning Calorie I never ever get a big red ring That's why The track guy You can't see and they're dying I'm so fun When they move It's up on low roof and up or two Oh Hey Hey look at me I want to know what the man for Oh I know I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here Don't dont 3 at 5.60WQ and we got hang the claim We got hang of 1000 jednak Hands and two hours One per fellться We don'tself Cannot designs Because it's comprising you are a racist you are assuming it's a dark guy and you don't know and I don't know. So maybe if you want to refact this to me and like a copy then I can read would be good because it's too dark and the facts too. But this thing about the I think it's a great story and it's a great question about cab drivers which most of you I'm sure are not cab drivers but if you're at that position you want the government telling you who you have to pick up and who you don't consider and so on. Because I don't think I mean you're average enterprise and can driver which seems to be is out there trying to make a living and as long as he doesn't feel like you're dangerous why in a world wouldn't you want to pick you up but on the other hand if he feels that you might be dangerous the world is killing the cab drivers maybe he should have the right to make that choice. And as opposed to everybody screaming all discrimination and outsharped in a screaming is and of course Rudy Giuliani is pandering to everybody all the good he too shoes just like that elephant crap on that painting. Here's tell a hashy hello. How you doing Neil? You know I try to get through to you when I actually live in South Florida now I'm up here going that but you I say in from Tallahassee they put me right on through. There you go. I'm about that yeah. I could turn for me man. I tell you what though I don't think I'm going to be back home for a lot of time though it is but we got the day off the school for that but you up here everybody's just hanging out by the pool and I was listening to you on the internet and I thought I tell you that your line's working. All right. All right there. You're not there at FSU a shirt. What's not it? I see you guys getting plenty action up there. It's all it's beautiful up here. It's not a big day south Florida something but let me tell you just get the 20,000 girls on campus here. Oh my god. I thought that well listen go dry it out pal. All right. Everybody say okay he's going to go air it out and is the thing too. That's right all those college kids baby that's what they go to school for is to get laid. Layed in the shade drink as much as they can. I got a couple of football games and that's it maybe sleep two three hours a night. Go to a occasional class now and then it may look good. I didn't. Everyone's in a while not too often. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the 18 T line that world famous out of town line that the everywhere but dating Broward line. It's work it's smoking baby. You can smell it. If you can line or it's me one of the other. 87, 7, 7, 8, 5, 60, 3, 40, 5 as we finally had something good happen in this studio. It's a miracle. I believe it. I bet you the virgin Mary's. I want those slices of pizza from Pony's. I'm not sure which box it's in okay. Is it box number one two or three? Let's do it like that stupid hidden punk thing at the Panther games. You got to be kidding me. You have to be kidding you. Call from Philadelphia. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I'll write. Oh my god. It's working out pal. Absolutely. Oh I may have a bomb moving right here in my chair. I'm so excited about this. Yeah. We've done our one for the show and been hooked ever since. Great show Neil. Excellent. I love it. And especially now that we can talk to living and breathing people outside Florida. I mean, you know, hey, I love it. I love it. Neil, keep up the good work buddy. All right. But what? Yeah. There's a call from Philadelphia on the out of timeline. A robber was skeptical saying, I'm not so sure about this. See, not now you believe it, right? You believe it now? Okay, that kid at FSU that was getting laid there calling on the internet. He was, of course, that was already working in Florida line. But we do love our people at FSU and Jamesville and it's said we're like that. Not too fond of you of M. Crowe, but nevertheless they don't call anyway. Those hurricanes. So. See, what does that tell you? We got to supposedly meaningful university here in town. Do you of M. Hurra-Cunes? And like maybe twice a year if I make a big deal out of it, we get a call from there. Okay. In Bow. First of all, it's not a real university. Anywhere the campus is what? 80 people are the one campus at the U of M. Don't be so stupid. Yeah, right. And the rest of the people are a bunch of spoiled rich branch. They're like, they're probably back home now. They get one day off. They fly up by the Concord. Up to a Savannah, where we're going to hell are from. Probably New York. Come on, you're kidding me. Aren't you out you pull in my finger here? That's what I don't pull at that hard. Santa Clara, California. Hello? Yeah. Yes, sir. Hey, it's great to hear you. It's great to have a phone contact with you. Listen, you might have a one. Yeah, it's scary. We're just scary. Uh, we're sure Santa's a sharks. We're doing as well as you are. Oh, they can't win them all. Just like the least you have tonight at an off night. The sharks, you know, they're kicking ass. They're doing good. So in a moment. It's funny to see these California's come on for hockey. Yeah. Yeah, it's not like back in Chicago or when the original six were. Yeah, but at least you guys draw pretty good. Unlike the rest of the league, which most of the teams have in a really deadly time this year. Well, there's money out here. Yeah. There's money and there's interest to people want to take their kids and watch the games and stand in front of everybody. I got to tell you something. I'm really proud of our so-called fans. We had a good turnout last night for Atlanta, which is an expansion team. And not a very good one. And it was a very terminal game. But nevertheless, we had about, I'd say, 13, 14,000, which about while we're averaging, which means about 4,500 PCs. But nevertheless, considering it was on a weeknight and considering it was the Atlanta thrashers, I think it was pretty good. Did you bake Starplay? No, for a, yeah, you got to be kidding me. He's his pinkies, he's hurting a man. Yeah, because he's got to, he's had a bad bowl of grits. He's got something that rhymes with grits, so he ain't going to be playing for a while now. Well, take care. It's good to trust you. Right here in front of your pal. Okay, but yeah, there's a call from Santa Clara, California. Because it'll be a month from all over Virginia, watching NBC. We'll keep seeing him in day one for month. The moon, the rain is home. All right. Oh, this is a day finally. Finally, you see it goes to show all your kids out there that are off from school that here's a good lesson for you. Just like Don Cherry says on hockey night in Canada. Just keep poking away. Just keep poking at baby. Just keep sticking to the neck. Just keep plugging away. No matter how many obstacles they throw in your way like to do here at this guy, then Sony make believe radio station like to want to easily read the corporation. And sooner or later, sooner or later, besides payday twice a month on the 10th of the 25th year. Thank you. Besides that, something good will happen like the out of town line will start working out. Oh, yeah. That's right. I'm going nuts from this. I'm ready to let out a big- Ah, I'm so excited about this. Why? Couldn't have done it without the beesley read people. Thank you so much. Oh, God, are they good? Are they good? No. Are they cheap? Uh-huh. I'm going to say after one and five, 60 WKM, that's where we're going to work feverfully to make sure that line keeps all we're going to keep it smoking. We're going to keep that line smoking. Keep that meter running. Just like the taxi cab, if you keep that meter running. We don't care if you're black if you're white, just as long as you're far away. Wake up with the first key. Joe Rose, Jeff the part of the three goals. Oh, right. He's running the six only on sports radio, five, sixty, two, eight, and this is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. Right, Jim. My anus. My anus. My anus. My aus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. Huck. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. My anus. I'm just saying, well, how cute. You all like good little sneakers. That fun little sound that comes right out of your sneakers. Wanna copy me and do exactly like I do? Get paid for writing little songs about boo-hoo. My brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on, but I can't figure out which spice girl I'm gonna fart on. Get doctor, Dr. Dreyes. Yo, man, you passed him. Yeah, no. What was my last? And you look like. Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smell. I thought ripping cats and doing was pretty sweet. Well, I got this job when I took my jeans off and fought it so hard and turned my under was backwards. Like Chris Crawl. And every night I'm like, oh, dinner's bad. Then fought out my ass, fast as a fat day to a shoe fat. Smells it honey. Yo, just wait a minute. I'm so girl, don't give a fuck. God said me to take the world up. My aim is my aim is... Correct, um. My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... I can see to what I'm he kicked out back in Javier Haar. I said the problem was something. Prove that my answer died. I shot him in the face with my vapor. The worst happened later. When I covered his death with used toilet paper. Walking his thrift club, my chances were filled up. Moves the bartender took a dump in a ticker. Went over to a dead to head a fucking agar. She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father. Nine and a night sent him my life. I was lied to. I just fell down my mom down all gas and I do. I told her I'd throw up to be a famous rapper. They corrected about strange noise. They'd only grapple. You know you would dare when the seven brushed to lead. He'd rather hold the back but you must need it relieved. This guy or one cat will say it was pretty cool. But I had to go. Go drop the kids off and boom. My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... Help you. My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... Good effort to grip that there's no god. Maybe I already know that sitting in this room just smelling my own dirt. Emnicons through this morning. You see if there was a god and maybe you would fart because you have to release the gas because otherwise the pressure will make you explode. But it could smell like lilac. You know, just as easily as like that. Oh geez. Yeah. Could smell like roses. Could smell like lemons. Huh? But no, it smells like... It's a frat. Is what it smells like. But what are you young in the horny is on CBS right now? What a big great way to get the satellite will have all of the small dish. We'll have all these network affiliates on it. We can take the bite of the cable. And then I won't have to be flipping back and forth because I'm always missing the young in the horny. And Nick... A.K. A. Josh Moro. Put that stupid band Josh, but you look pretty good. Anyway, here's the facts from Largo. It says, is he loaded the gun belonging to a friend's uncle, Desmond Baker, carefully wiped each bullet to be sure not of his fingerprints and unforestingor prints. This was a 15-year-old prosecutor say who understood his desire to rob the St. Petersburg taxi might lead to bloodshed. He's already thinking I'm going to have to pull the trigger prosecuted Doug Ellis told the jury on Wednesday. He already knows what's going to happen or what could happen. What happened later, Ellis said was murder. Murder, F and murder. The jury agreed, and after two hours of deliberation, convicted Baker now 16, a first-degree murder for the January 18 killing of Harry Amazbottman 44 in independent taxi driver, the killing occurred during a robbery that knitted Baker $25. $25, okay? This punk, the 15-year-old kid, gets in the cab. Get in the cab. The guy drives him several blocks. The kid robs him. He says, I can kid you right now. Won't even know if he even knows it. As a matter of fact, that's what I'm going to do. And the cab driver tried to drive himself to the hospital after he got shot. Didn't make it he blooded at it. For $25, there's scumbags out there, boys and girls who have no respect for human life. For 25 bucks for a 15-year-old punk. And Rudy Giuliani, this fascist son of a bitch in New York, this goody two shoes, this piece of crap, this eight-off-hittler junior, piece ton of cab drivers. Oh, would you got to pick up a, they'll pick up a whoever to hell, they want to pick up, okay? If somebody looks dangerous and I'm a cab driver, Bafangula, Mayor Giuliani, but you drive the cab. Yeah, you go drive the cab and a guy damn Harlem into the bauery. And you pick up a whoever to hell demands to be picked up. You piece of snot, that's what he is. You think he's the mayor, but he's not. Rudy Giuliani, he's a fascist. Here's Hylia, hello. Hey, Nail. Yes, sir. Nail, the same crooks that run our local government run our school system, I don't know why you're against the vouchers. Meeting what? The same crooks that run. Because I don't want to subsidize private and forok your education, okay? Because I don't want to destroy the public education system, sir. And by the way, go like Bush. Here's the Tampa. Hello. Yeah, Nail. Yes, sir. Good to talk to you. Yes, it is. I've been listening to you since you were in Tampa. I'm in Tampa. Oh, God. More those today, sir. Where the whole town is gone. It was actually really comical every day. It was something boy. It was, in fact, I remember that Tom Belvita. I was a geek. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm down. I was geek. A lot of us really miss you. I enjoy listening to you on the web. What I call them, tell you, is thanks to you, your ads. I just placed my second order for my dad's birthday present from Nick's. Yeah, I hear that I hear that Nick's ads on the internet give Nick the buzz. Right. May I ask the guards out just ordered two lots to add to this. He owned Churchill. Excellent. You'll love him, man. Oh, yeah. Might one of my dad loves him. I've ordered for him before him before him before him. In fact, I think there were once booked by Weinstein Churchill. I think. That crazy was what ever he was, fact guy. Yeah, well, me don't keep up. They'd really great work. We really enjoy everything you do. And thanks for the Nick's ads. All right. Thanks a lot. Yes, sir. But I want to pour us. Oh, I'll do a ton of that. Yeah, exactly. Well, it was for the days, man. And by the way, that channel I was used to be on that station over there. WSUN in Tampa. I was told that there are simultaneous TV stations. Yeah, nice going there. Cox broadcasting. If they still own that piece of turd. There's simultaneous casting and all news TV station. And the guy comes on and says, well, as you look over here in the southeast of the weather today, we'll be, and you're trying to look in your little speaker there in a car radio. I don't see nothing. You know, I mean, look at what? Oh, my God. Too many bad radio stations in America. Too many radio stations period and too many bad ones. Right, Barry Jackass. Oh, like that 19 hundred on the dollar. You're sucking their ass. And he was on the other day. Oh, that's the best part. He was on there, which him very sucking his dark ass. Yeah. What a joke. Barry Jackass. Trying to build up a dead stick. You know, it's so perfect, man. It's so appropriate. Just like his big tough pieces with John Henry. You know, is, are we building a stadium for John Henry? No, the Don Smiley by the Marlins? No. Is Wayne Sonley a panther this week? No. Is anybody listening to 1900 on the dollar? No. Everything you touched Barry turned to instant process. As follows, owners that you're sucking up to. They had a run when they see you. You ought to get their bodyguard and say, get his ass out of here in the rest of them too. We did then looking to tell him to good. Barry Jackass. I got news for him. I a little miniature picture could write a better sports column than you do, Barry. What is ice crossed? Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. You know, how are you doing? Great. Hey, listen, I'm a long time caller. I'm a long time abuser. Manivate, lay one up on our own. Talk to you. Go right ahead. All right, hold on here. Come on. Hey, I'm a veteran myself. Yeah. And I really, really got a laugh at that cube and we called up and doing all that crap. Because I thought we'd take a little bit to be back in the 60s. When you've veterans went over there to fight the wars, didn't they? Nobody was checking. No, I'm a little younger than that. But I thought we'd try to give it all those idiots back in the 60s. You know what I mean? I know what you're saying. What? You said I should have a great day. He's puffin' on the carpet that guy. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, pound, five, 60 on the 18T. Wireless line. Here's a call from Highland Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. He was the equivalent of this Juliennie telling taxi, tell drivers he got to pick up these scumbags. And what is that, sir? It's like banks. That's like the government telling banks. Hey, you got to pick up people that don't pay back loans. Yeah. These, I can't believe that Juliennie up there. You're so thin. He's an naughty. He is. Yeah, in fact, I think he's just started roll a little mustache. He's not trying to, but it's just going involuntarily. And no, we're all- He keeps rules stepping. You can't every time he takes another step, he keeps rules stepping. I can't tell if he's talking out his mouth or is he talking out the other head? Right, Bill. Yeah. I can't stay. Almost smelling. No, the thing is Neil. Juliennie, an outsharked and celebrity death match. Okay. All right, Neil. I just just before Tom Green. How the good one? Okay, see. Yeah. Just before the Tom Green show, celebrity death match tonight, outsharked in and Rudy Juliennie. You're the police. All right. I'm reading five by the way. I think we're so glad that got mentioned. I think we can watch more of you in the hot kitchen. Okay, like I said. How's the hump like doing by the way? 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T line. And our worldwide line, it's working. I'm a party in our pants. Oh. 87, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Neil. For anywhere in the US of A, and we're paying for it. How do you like that? Beasley's no like it do that. No, tough crap. To least they can do the painting back for the 80 years they've taken off my life with this horseball. Uh, Craig's these equipment they got in here. What does make believe engineering department they've got? And you know what you think? I joke about the pawn shops up and down 441. Why do you think they built this thing here on 441? Oh yeah, they got some great electronics pawn shops. You know, get all this used, these used amplifiers, all this crap. Power 90, 60 at all, brand new expensive stuff. We get pawn shop crap in here. Here is a mobile and Davy. Hello. Hey, you know, how you doing? Okay, sir. I was watching a Panther game last night. I can't believe nobody called you about. So sorry. For Barry, for you, a guy. I mean, we're talking about between period and black. They showed you. They showed you. Thank you, did they show it? Yeah, they did. Was it sticking to the wall that bad to me? I mean, I can't believe this guy. Was it sticking outside waste? No. How about it's finger? No, it's finger wasn't either. Yeah. I think Lane Hypinga, you thought he was getting a release picture instead of a... I think you're rhymes with finger, yeah. Yeah. Maybe they should trade Alex Fernandez. At least he can talk 5 and a half in. He had to tell you one thing, he'd be a hell of a golly man. Cover up the whole net. There you go. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thanks for the good news. Yeah, Pablo, we're getting a little tired. You know, we'd like to have you come back. Buffalo game on Saturday. You think he's going to be playing in? Oh, see? I'm walking the arena last night. And everybody that I know in there is saying to me, which I'm shocked that there was saying this, is Pablo playing tonight? I said there was never any chance that he was going to play tonight. And they look at me like with a sad look. Oh. Just like, I mean, he got into a week and a half ago in Edmonton. They knew after the game that it was sticking outside, wasting his finger too. And then they put ads into paper and Vancouver. Hey, Pablo, bring the pants. And all these people by the ticket to expect he's going to play, they already knew he wasn't going to play it. It's like I said a dang with him. They had no rights there in Vancouver. Because the people were pissed off. Maybe they were fired up and pissed off. And rightfully so. And they keep doing the same thing here. Oh, he might play tonight. He might, there was never any chance that he was going to play last night. Never, never, never, any freaking chance. No. End of comment. By the way, Ray Whitney's got not only a pair. He's got three. Yeah, he's got it. Try a factor there. Say one for me, Ray. 26 to 1 at 5, 60 WQM. Gordon gets South Florida a major blow job. That I'm in. So I get people now. Oh, the child. They are so hard. Oh, dang. And we've seen just like girls. And we wear really tight. I think. Yes. We've actually won't lie. I'll remain good patient. Anything because I can see. Yeah. But sounds. All the round. It's a good self-interposing. Yeah, we've been for the baby. Yeah. And boy, it's on too. So we've got a lot of time. We've got a lot of time. We've got a lot of time. We've got a lot of time. We've got a lot of time. So we've been making pie, yes. I'll just make a... I can't give this country. Maybe I can make a... All the math is just some more things they've played. You're a bad guy. Yeah. I can't give. I don't know what you think. But I know this song's name. No matter though, We are best to you. All the asking can you tell me. Just listen. Yeah. And I'm so familiar. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So we just saw thanks to Robert's first chance. There he came across him. We had that video with Brian Kerry with her one very, very large press. And 98 degrees next part. Did it say at the end? Who that was? Joe. That's his name. Joe Mama? Well, anyway, I don't know what that video was. I've never seen that before. I just caught the ass in. But because we were on a goddamn cable there. To catch that tuning business this morning. It'll be great when we have the local channels on there with a satellite. So I have to switch back and forth, especially at a bogus TV like this. We're all going to get some blood back and forth. But nevertheless, so maybe somebody will call in and tell us the name of that video. And what it's all about. It's obviously a concert they were at together. Ryan Kerry and Joe and 98 degrees. Here's the facts from Michael at King's College in London. He says greetings from London. I just want to say you're the best in. It's ever happened to the radio since the big bang. We need to go like you over here in the UK to kick the big BBC's arse. What do you think about this beat crisis that's going out to the moment you've been in England or France you said? Michael the King's College in London. Do we think about that crisis? No. No. We stick to our own meat, okay. Although when I do go to Europe, I might check out some other meat, but never to list. Tata, Michael. Say how do they all quaint, okay? Lot of quins over there is what I hear. You know what I'm saying? A lot of them. Here's a call from Columbia, Missouri. Hello. Hey, Neil, what's going on? Hey, don't say. Hey, just one call. I'm saying we're reaching in the show. You stay, man. All right. Like the show. By the way, do you realize that the insane Lewis, the best fishing on Sunday had a 6.4 here? Same Lewis had the highest viewers here for the best fishing show on Fox? No. Yeah. Whatever. Yeah. Hey, anyway. You got some hellacious fans down there. Don't you? Yes, we do. They suck. I'm real assholes down here, man. Yeah. You got the show me state. We got the assholes state. Go Danny Boy. Yeah. How do you like that? Wouldn't you guys like to have Danny Boy up there? Hey, we'll take him. You better sweet ass and down here. Oh, yeah. Well, he used to be good, but we like to do guy. You want a couple of games. Yeah. These people are on grateful bastards, man. Yeah. No quarterback controversy down there while they talking about it. Because Jimmy, he's Danny like poison and the Danny hates Jimmy like poison. And you're like, you don't want to look at it. That's right. Okay. I'll have a great day too, man. And go, uh, what about his Rams? Go ram it. Do I like the Rams? No. I think for me, he's another gangster coach, by the way. And Jimmy, they fight over which gangster they can sign up on their teams. In fact, they were fighting about which team was going to have the Stripes on horizontal and which one's vertical. 560, 750, 50, pound 560. In fact, it's very interesting on a picture of ourselves, the partner. Let me say it again. The one that's got the horizontal stripes on there is screw in. Yeah. Yeah, she's got the horizontal. It looks like one of those prison outfits to be asked me. Yeah. You think right now it's done one, double one. Number one already with eight pull-ups. A big blacksmith. A little bit. You're a big twingo, a buy. Through and. You don't think that's really not jaggining strong. You've been on a baller so everybody, we've been shy and fulcing strong. You're a little male, right? What's wrong with your hands at the sky? Roy! What's that at the sky? No. You think that's really good for you? I think that's really good for you. What's that? It's real. You'd be the big job that you guys did. I've had your hands and bruised on your body the way you had. All right. Screw it. You get my bowl, your lungs and strong. You carry their butt in, too cold and you're so very good smell. You found it, you lie. You just beat my son. The car is a bit sweet, guys. You go how to do it, guys. You got to deal with those kids, guys. Here's your bowl. Anyway, it's the 23 before 25, 60 WCM. Here's a great facts. Taxi drivers and the police are in most danger. All of jobs, all the occupations. That's right. Very dangerous job. Work on the sides of the high risk occupation. In 1992, according to the National Institute of Procubia, I'll pay it, et cetera. Charge shows the number of homicides and rate per 100,000 workers in the job category. Occupation taxicab driver slash so far. 140 per 100,000 homicides. The rate is 22.7. The next rate share a bail of 10.7% police and dick detective 6.1. Followed by gas station garage worker, security guard, stock handler, a bagger, et cetera. Stock handler, bagger? What does that mean? I guess I can do a supermarket. Supervisor proprietor sales, sales counter clerk, bartender, logging. They're shooting the logging guys. Oh boy, so like I said, easy is falling off along. Hotel clerk, sales person of vehicles, sales person other, like radio sales person. Booter and meat cutter, which butcher your notice is right under radio sales person. And firefighters on the bottom of the list of these listed. So in other words, taxicab driver is more than twice as dangerous as the next high stock occupation. And Rudy Giuliani says, you pick him up, baby, no matter how dangerous they look, as long as they're black, you better pick him up. Everything is a racial issue. Everything we make into a big song to the answer is country as opposed to just using common sense. If I'm a scared to put you in my car, I don't care how much you be paying. Uh, it don't do many good if I'm dead. Rudy Giuliani, you're at a disgrace. You're at your scumbag and smite it all the way down here. It smells just like Ken Jenney's Matter of Fact. Same aroma. Wow, I thought it was me. It was them. 21 before two at five, 60 WKM by way. Anybody calling him with a name of that video? Of course not, because we don't got any punky kids who know the name of the 98 degrees. Mariah Carey with the large breast of video. With Joe Mama. Seminal Indian Casino Hollywood has got a brand new name, but the action is not only as good as, but it's better than ever. Because now they got nearly a thousand gaming machines for you to deal away at round the clock. Four daily sections of high stakes, Bingo. 48 round the clock poker tables, lightning, Bingo. Weekly poker tournaments all through the day. Daily mini tournaments with various buys, buy ins and revise. In fact, to make a long story short, this is one of the few places in this town where you can go and have a legal good time. And the governor wasn't going to come in and eat the rest of the day. Jim Mandage talks sports weekend right now. Oh, right. Sports radio 560. Will you fudge back in? Yeah. Why Tuesday? We go now. There's our computer so on high. Why Tuesday? We go down. Everybody join us. Yes. People will come and convert us to high-resider on our disease. If I come and convert the world, if somebody uses three inch of the world, and see the market, rationality, and the world will come and convert us to high-resider on our disease. We go down. We go down. We go down. We go down. We go down. We go down. We go down. We go down. We go down. And of course, Barry Jackass, he's listening to the WAP in 2400 on the dial. Barry Jackass, sir. So I wish this audience could have been witnessed. I wish we had a video tape of it. We could buy some TV time and get a 98-year watch in Joe Rose just to an ask to that little puddleback who would keep calling him off the year over and over and over and over. That's the band of the best. I'm 135 million. That's the best. I'm the best. You're a moron, Barry. We got your number. Sweetheart. That's why you hate this radio station. That's why you and your compatriots that make believe pan-ring newspaper are just salivating and trying to do anything to kill us. And the meantime, only billing 35 million a year, really doing like 10 and 11 shares on his show, Barry. But we don't see you since you're still pining for a Christina moron. And those press conferences here in the midday. Most dangerous occupation in America is driving a cad. We ought to have 400 lines. Now we've got a couple openings on there. This is like major heavy-banging duty time. Big duty time. What is this? 560, 50560, pound-560 on the AT&T wireless line. How many of you people would like to drive a cab to pick up every degenerate that I came down to Pika? Black, white, pink, green. Accumorter looking type guys like Dave Capriita. Here's more Laudermale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Good. Use a jerk and use a racist. Okay. And why are you going to call me? What do you call me for then? Why are you talking to me? What are you talking to? What are you talking to? What are you talking to? What are you talking to? You put us out man. Put you out? Yeah. You put us out. What does that mean? You put us out. You put us out. I call us. Who's us? Me, my friend. You put us out. You and your friend. You're the race. Sooner, I know he'd get to it sooner or later. He says you're a fucker. Yeah. But you're still listening today, right pal? Oh yeah. Put you out. You know something you are an asshole man. So whatever I said yesterday, you're with. If the full fits, where it? 560, 50560, pound 560 on the 18T line. Florida line worldwide line. Now America line 877785 Neil. 8777856345. I'm a fucker. But you're not a big, it okay, pal? You're not a big, thank God. I'm glad to hear that. Here's Holly Woodhillow. Perfect. I mean, that guy really doesn't justify any type of response. No, he doesn't. And he simplifies with wrong with the whole picture. You touched on there yesterday. I was unable to get through to you. Yeah, I'm so proud. But unfortunately, whenever anything should arise, you have 5,000 people out at that time to protest like when the cops shot the guy jump over the fence. Right. There were these people when these youth need to be brought up. They got the guy jumping over the fence who is reaching into his waste band. Right. But the bottom line is there's 5,000 people to show up to protest that. Where are they when it's time to raise these people? And do the right thing by that. These me. They're absent. They're outshuck and in driving. Uh-huh. And this is what happens. And then you have people that call up like this past. And I'm trying to have a conversation even though he's making an attack on me. Just to try to get to find out what he's talking about. And right away, you're a f***er when that's what I had to dump a course. Yeah, I didn't get dumped on the phone though. Right. Exactly. Well, you know what he said. Just another homophobic comment. So it's okay to make homophobic comment. But if I say something that's perceived as a racist comment, which he takes out of context about him and his friends, whatever, then that's bad. That'd be bad. Well, if we had educated people in this country no matter what the color was, we wouldn't have crap like that going on. We wouldn't have people talking to swirl like this crap. It's very sad and it's a sad commentary on what's happening here. And not only self-knowing in this country, not just in South Florida. Right. And when they may have made your city, the biggest city in the country is telling the cab drivers that they have to pick up anybody no matter what. Uh, you know, where to hell with freedom anymore. Where's just common sense? Where's the ability to preserve your safety? Well, when I'm in business, I cater to who I want a cater to. Right. And that's that. Right. How do you tell me who I do business with? Exactly. And if somebody dangerous comes to your door, I don't think you're going to allow lock the door. You damn right. I won't even lift through the people in this town. There you go. There's enough of people's uh, you know, Exactly. Can Jenny's looking to be probably a big eye. Be looking back at you. But more importantly, I was having breakfast and I'm going through this sports session. And I see this fat faced just a chubby chuck of face on the sports and I just very jack-a-a-a. Very jack-a-a-a. And I wanted to plot all over the sports sessions. Yeah. This guy, I mean, he looks like a little puddle back. He is. And let me give him a hug. The seal of it home with his mom. Oh, yeah. He loves his mom. I think he sleeps with mommy. You know, that guy. Like Elvis, you know. He needs a good ass kicking. He does. Or is that? But what would be the point, you know? You're right. Listen, I just wanted to wrap up the week. It's been a ponders week, but why do people get crazy around your birthday? You know, we take some of that a week, for 10 days, to adjust to the, you know, the change of the time. That's what happens. Okay. That's the feeling. Whatever you say. Have a great day, Pat. Okay. We had a call or call in about the name of the song. Yes. Thank God I found you. Thank God I found you by the 98 degrees. Where I was a big boob carry and Joe Mama. All right. Good. Good video. I'm a hot son because I was most into it. But I bet it's great because the Jeff and Nick Nick is, I forget about Jeff. He's a background singer. It looks pretty good. Nick from 98 degrees who, of course, Robert hates that group. It's too bad. They're great. They're dynamite. Because Nick can really sing. Unlike most of the kids in these stupid groups, but Nick can really sing. He's, even with that ugly face. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the A and T. I think we shot our load on a worldwide line. Thank God. And they're saying, oh, thank goodness. So, whatever to be, please, they're saying, oh, if those calls keep coming in from out of town and in line by the end of the month, we'll be bankrupt. We won't be able to finish that construction project. Thank you.