560. Now that you QAM, my amy board Latterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. They're talking to Neil called 560. They're doing something cold, free, for dating round with Neil in the room. 560 on yourself, all the opinions of Neil and his guests. Colors, or anyone else on the show, do not necessarily reflect on the footage you clearly am. Beaming back with his report, the beeping. Now Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560. The following is a fake police room. I've been from the International Lincoln City. Let's face the most personal never be friends. Hell, we probably won't even be successful, and that's pretty damn depressed. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi, I'm Jim, and I'm here to tell you a little something about HANDGOT. They scare the sh** out of people, intimidate them, and giving you whatever you want. That's right, HANDGOT. Think about it. Need some cash? Rob a bank. Don't have enough money for fear. Rob a convenience store. Take chips and fretsles wire in. It's all free. You've got to handguns. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. To sifl solution, a life's complex process. Why have to do is wait the five days for it, and happiness is just around the corner. Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares? By the dancing of the street, just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working problems out if he considered a population control. Oh, right. This is a big deal. They just might make it famous. Everybody's just brand new team. Almost kids are learning to play now. And every day, city of God, you listen to them now. Calls, teach yourself a harder, clear and go to the other cell. All the way now. They're fast, fast, fast, tired, tired. I've been on the skin. I've been on the skin. I've been on the skin. I've been on the skin today. I've been on the skin today. I've been on the skin today. I've been busy trying to show him talent. I've been on the skin. I've been busy trying to show him talent. I've been on the skin today. I've been on the skin today. I've been on the skin today. I've been on the skin today. I've been on the skin today. I've been on the skin today. I've been on the skin today. I've been on the skin today. I've been on the skin today. I've been on the skin today. I've been on the skin today. I've been on the skin today. I've been on the skin today. I've been on the skin today. I can't do anything for. How come? If things go so serious, I can get away from my nature. You're the one who got melted into No épemons today. Both of you have a great evening.�도 Wells. What a wicked need of 재밌ants. Everything like that, I taught you how to give up, and those who don't know who you are knowing. But all I have, sure, it's all you've been being to, I think it all will be just a new way It's time to change You're the very best dance dance dance I've been on the stage today I've done that to run the season Just do that I'm just too proud of you I'm just too proud of you I'm just too proud of you I'm just too proud of you I'm just too proud of you I'm just too proud of you Oh! Don't ever make too short time today Have yourself down from first and forth Oh, God! Throw your friends away We'll back you all We'll back you all We'll send you our right-y world of gun When you think of all the benefits you're getting Life will be sweeter When you pass your keyter Carry a life and see me deadly Come on and join today If you're married in my dream We'll be on the road again All right All right, 10-04-562 WQMS We continue having another great story to keep you captivated every week Every week that goes by we get another match Because that's the American fucking way That's right By the way, little update, Miami-Dade Boy playing with gun shoots self-indies Now this is an old story This is from yesterday morning Tuesday morning's fatal I mean, old relatively compared to last night Tuesday morning's fatal shooting of a 14-year-old boy in South West Miami-Dade County was another example of our kids and guns don't mix Miami-Dade police spokesman Pat Brickman said Alexander Doreave was playing with the Zunkel's 22 caliber rifle and took a fatal shot Then the face died at the scene that they already said See, there's no longer any argument I hate to break the news to all you crazy people all you gun hunters all you gun show people As a matter of fact, if this day's not at any balls at all, which of course we don't Because we're just a bunch of money grabbers like everybody else in broadcasting Do any kind of conscience we stop running those gun show spots like now Now it would be a real good time for our sales manager and general manager and all these people out here Say, you know something that's not really a good idea to be putting that crap on here because they're selling oozys and AK 47 And all kinds of crap at these gun shows and people are running around crazy people with guns killing everybody I'll secluded now Kid let's not pick on high school kids anymore. That's no fun. Let's shoot little kids 5 and 6 and 8-year-old kids and all ladies to our at it You know Jews go I am Schwarzscher's whoever they happen to be whoever we're pissed off this week This is crazy you go anywhere in the world. You see this no any civilized country in the world nobody's got guns But in America this is the whole way of life even why it would be embarrassed by this In fact this week in the and not not in newsweek or time But in business week magazine the August 16th issue, which I have my hand right now. What's the big domain article in here under fire Guns in America pages and pages and pages and pages the crime world's weapons a choice And angry public gun makers are feeling the heat finally a close-up look at the secret of industry And here's a big article about the rest of the world guns are wounding America's image abroad Big kind of a bullet in there like the rest of the world looks at us like a bunch of crazy people like a bunch of barbarians Everybody run around with guns now you see they said back in little in Colorado the gun nuts were saying You see this is all a more we and also in Atlanta when the guy went nuts a couple of weeks ago You see if everybody inside went ahead if they are all the people in the office would have had a gun Then they could have blown his guy away before he shot all these people how about if all the five-year-old kids would have had a gun Hey, there we go If those little kids would have just been packing some heat they could have blown his basket away I'm sitting there watching the latest spectacle again last night till about 11.15. I'm watching on a satellite KTK and BC at a Los Angeles And you know they got this motels surrounded in the guy supposedly inside they got the Toyota out the car jack car It's not there that Toyota and they got it surrounded you's on the first floor and here comes this one team I get up this morning because I wasn't gonna stay up all night long waiting to see what developed I get up this morning and I'm flipping around MSNBC see a see a CNN all over the place local channels And they got this rabbi on and this one on and they're all going oh You know like that and the meantime, where's the guy? They got the guys picture on here view for furrow juniors whatever the hell this guy from a lives in a trailer park In Olympia, Washington trailer park does that give you some clues right off the bat? Do they find him? Oh no was he in the motel and see I don't even know what ever happened and to in between the SWAT team Getting ready to go in there and of course you know to stay take a long time He was supposedly in somewhere when they're on the first floor And on KK and BC Los Angeles to show the responsible media keep in mind is anybody ever been in the motel Where they don't have a TV set inside all not in my life. I've never been in a motel in my life Where they don't have a TV inside and they're saying well, we're not gonna give you the name of the motel I think that the the guy if he was inside He knows the name of the motel the seven star motel he's in he knows But the fact is we're showing where the cops are we're showing all this online television Here's the cops up on the roof the SWAT team is getting ready to come in right now Why didn't they just call the gun the phone and his room and they're saying okay, here's the deal This is the way we got a plant out. This is when we're gonna come in to get you so you got about ten minutes to get out the window or you know get out of here crazy And So for whatever reason the guy seems to have slipped through their fingers again and he's on the loose. He made a van loose Beaford for our junior Who decided it was a good day to shoot some Jews especially little kids and By the way, John Henry in case you're listening, you know that $400 million that you want the taxpayers to give I bet that would buy a lot of metal detectors for schools all over a broader county and Maybe if you let the over for Dave County, too Forget about having you know better classrooms and better teachers and more textbooks and having a real education system Maybe even like you know how much and a bullet the proof vests Maybe that'll be next. You know they will talk about having the kids where uniforms this school a dress code Yeah, okay Johnny here's your bullet proof best And you're Aussie Yeah, this is the new deal in America go to airport metal detectors go to school metal detector go to a federal building Metal detector because we have because this is a country of crazy people with guns And you wonder how long is it gonna be before somebody finally says, you know this has got to stop Just because somebody wants to go target shooting or because somebody likes to go a hunting You know whatever a bandy or whatever they're into you know that just doesn't outweigh the idea that most people would like to be safe And when they send their kids off to school and the more they like to see them alive sometime at night I like this is difficult convincing the public that this is insanity, but this is crazy And by the way Harris pulled between June 10 and June 15 this is before the last three episodes here Show 73% of Americans now favored tougher handgun controls handguns Is there any American with a brain at once people running around with automatic weapons? Oh no, only Charlton has to know his people Only crazy people like Charlton has to use some of the things exactly On insult my dad said okay M Retreat Why I really think guns are all here. There's some. Oh boy, which is it like guns? Oh, glad that we're on guns are all right. All right. Well, let's see how many people we can kill before this day is on. In fact, it's interesting. I would say in the last couple of weeks with these various, you know, these, what are they call them? Spree shootings? Is it a spree shooter or a serial shooter? Remember that stuff on a Kudana Krapas going on? Oh, yeah. As if it makes a difference. But at any rate, in a good week in this country, we can kill more than like five other countries put together doing a year, just with guns. So maybe somebody can film me on what happened between the time I went to bed last night and early this morning when I got the guys picture now, but there's not any conversation. I mean, you turn on your news and it's that he here in 50 rabbis in a row going, oh, this is terrible, which we already know that. How about giving us some information as to what happened at that motel? Where the guy went, did he get away with the inside? Something give us some news instead of giving us all these hysterical people telling us this wasn't such a great thing, which I think most of us already know. Here's Helen Dale, hello. Yeah, you're doing? Okay, sir. You know, I just find it disgusting how the US government can't learn will not refuse to learn something from Europe and how with you just it's so safe out there. No one has a gun. You have nothing to worry about. You can walk across the street. There's not any shoot in the streets. I don't understand what it's going to take to these politicians start rising up and take away guns all guns. Who cares about hunting? We need safety here. These kids, these poor kids got shot. They got none of them died. But this disgusting was happening in this country. This is the only place I can think of that I've ever been in a world where you have to worry about somebody some maniac having a gun. You, it doesn't happen anywhere and any supposedly westernized country. It doesn't happen. Really? I mean, watch it a blue moon. Yeah, I don't understand what it's going to take in. I mean, while these people are more concerned about important things like building stadiums and arenas, that's the kind of stuff that America's obsessed with. You know, how many more ball games can we get? I don't know. I just think of these politicians. They, they, they, they know it's money money money. I don't know if they can't are responding them. It's all in our way. It's not in our way, man. They got to be public and party by the balls. They got them by the short hairs. And that's why no matter what, how many of these things go on until a public starts getting angry. And I don't see them very angry here this morning so far. Until a public finalist says Jesus Christ, this is not a way for civilized people to live. There's nothing's going to change. You know, run for Congress. Okay, good luck to you. Okay, one caller on a board this morning. Thank God we got that Marlon game coming up in 1230. The giant centos red hot mallons. Anybody care about that? Oh, 1230, the free game show. So that means I can get out of here early. Because obviously there's a tremendous amount of, uh, uh, burning amount of interest in this topic this morning. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Look at that. Are these people whipped up to a frenzy? Oh, are they pissed off and fired up? Oh, are they firing it out there? They got them firing range? Oh, they're firing it. See, when you're that crazy that you become, you become a custom, you accept this. That this is the way I totally this admitted times. This is the way life is supposed to be. Then the nearest bad is the people that are running around with a gun. You're crazy. You're a lunatic. You're a crazy person. If you believe that this is the way you're supposed to live your life. Every single day, oh gee, here's another kid. Well, 14 year old kid, he's dead. Why because somebody had a gun lay in a round. You can go out and I was reading an article yesterday before this thing happened about it's easier to buy a gun than to guide them pack a cigarettes. And that's the guy damn truth. Just like those kids out there in Colorado, they could have, they were old enough to buy a gun legally, but not a can of beer or pack a cigarettes. What does that tell you about the sickness in this country? Here's Parkland. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing this morning? I'm psychotic. I can tell. Listen, is anybody told you about the channel 7 report on Help Me Howard? On one of these things I've ever seen in my life. They have this girl. It's a bitch in about the fact that she won money from a radio station, but she didn't get the money. And so they get Howard's picklestein involved, you know, to get the money. They say, hey, my discipline, I wonder. It was born, I'd be so mad. Thanks for the good news. By the way, I finally got my bonus check this morning. It's in my pocket now. I've been venturing not to come in anymore. Yes. That's exactly what I was thinking about the Gregory correlation there. Isn't that incredible? People think I make this stuff up. I'm not making enough. And to help me Howard, he finds out that we should just like a snap, like a bureaucratic snap of the right. And the check was laying there, but they just forgot to mail it. That's a good news. How's it, Neil, say the same kind of thing about them? And don't be buying anymore of those mouse pads while you're at it. Right. Now, here's the other thing. Yeah. So, night appearing at the last biggest cap of ray in Water Hill. The one, the only Ron Jeremy. Okay. Thanks for the bad news. Now, you see, we're going so well. Did you had to get to that? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. We're not interested in Corey Sabin's spy reports today. We got a short show. I mean, Jesus. I mean, this guy, this was good stuff. But he had to be getting part. He's like, I got to Ron Jeremy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See everything with the American public. Ha ha, it's a big joke. It's, you know, who cares? There's something wrong, man. We got mental illness. We got the newspapers, Thomas. We got to come up with all this money to build a stadium. We don't care about the fact that we got a handful of gun nuts of lunatics running the whole country. And jeopardizing your life and your kids and everybody else on every street corner. Nobody cares about that. How are we going to come up with a money to build a new stadium? That's what we care about. So that's some multi-billion-air can continue playing games. God is its sick. I can't count in the days till I can get out of this God-dem crazy country. And it is. It's a crazy freaking country. And if that sounds on American, you'll beat your sweet ass. I am on American. Because this isn't a civilized place. Is a barbaric slaughterhouse. Mobile in Fort Latterdale, hello. Hello, me. Yes. I think they ought to stop shooting people. Okay, thanks. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I mean, just on Channel 7, it had about this girl that was in a below-per-team your high school. And they sent him to her to a year in a maximum security for juvenile. Yeah. And they were crying about it, it was such a hard sentence. But she had a website just like all these other people. I say, and the 20-sound of minimum to me. I think so. That's a story. You know, when I was a kid, I'm only 25 years old now. But when I was a kid, if you pull something like that, you wouldn't be around for a year. We were like 10 to 20. Right. Exactly. And the way I hate to break this is all these bleeding hearts out there. But when somebody was a juvenile, blows your crap away. You're just as dead as if they were 40 years old. Yeah, what about this proverb? They killed the six-year-old. And now they're saying that they're at the letter amount. They've got beat up inside. They're already due to the six-year-old girl. You'd be the crap out of her and kill her. Yeah, killer. Didn't just be the crap out of her. He murdered her. Yeah, but then he gets a little bit of a little beat up there. And the person, so they got like that. Well, just remember he's got connections, you know? Yeah, they're your mom. Mommy's got connections, right? Oh, God, I have a good day to that. And back to you. All right. But I'll get too heavy here today, are you doing, huh? Yeah. Oh, we do. I just, I just would like to know what the saturation point is of the public out there. At what point, you finally say, I mean, like this jerk to a call to go, oh, yeah, stop shooting people. Yeah, it's big joke. It's very funny. Very funny. How about a fat jerk kid that they're going to shoot next to? You might be singing a different tune you jackass. Crazy, crazy insane people running around 30, 40, 50,000 year. That's only with handguns, by the way. Forget about the oozees and all the other automatic weapons. Just a handguns, 30 and 40 and 50,000. Like, look, like, talk, it's like taking a canter raid and killing a bunch of ants. That's how much we've had you human life in America, like stepping out of God in Anheal. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, sir. I just want to ask you a question as far as a gun. Some quarters are concerned. Is it a distant issue of their constitution, right? They have a gun or is it more than that? Well, I don't know what they make it into. That's what they claim it is. But they're sick. They're obsessed with guns. A gun is a phallic object to them. So there's no like money situation. Nobody's making money off the back of the back of it. Of course, the gun manufacturers are the jackass or any enormous business. It's a multi-billion dollar business, of course. Okay. I just want to clarify, I just want to clarify, I just find out what the more so the Constitutional like to have the gun or what they've done, notifying it more like a money is a conditional right. It's just an excuse. Okay. Okay. Okay. I think so. Just say no, just say no to the stadiums, just say no to any sales tag, just say no to more gun. No. Just say no to the children. No. To the NRA. Just say no. No more crap. Just say no to these crazy Republicans who are in bed, who are just own lockstock and barrel. If you're part in the barrel part, by the NRA. Every time, you know, we had the little thing and oh yeah, we're going to do this. So we're going to do that and Congress do anything. No. No. And I think it's about God. The entire media people who, of course, are exploiting this in our loving it. Man, they did this. They're moist. They're like forming places where it's illegal in Broward County because they love this stuff. How about a gigantic expose on this NRA and all this crap and about the thing that I'm just got in my head right now from business week magazine. You know, once in a while, like a few weeks ago, they had a piece on 60 minutes or one of their 40 hours whatever it is. But not enough. And how about talking about how it is in other countries where this stuff doesn't go on, where it can actually walk the streets three and a half to no on three in a morning. And you're not worried about somebody getting shot, where you can send your kids to school and don't have to worry about what the country going to come home. A library in a box in a body bag. You show me a country where there's no value on human life and I'll show you a place that's in real big serious trouble, baby. And you're in it. You're right in the middle of it. Here's my any hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'll give you an example of exactly what the problem is. I was listening to Hank yesterday. And this guy calls in. This is maybe 10 15 minutes after your show. Maybe even heard it. And got calls in and Hank had just found out about the shooting in California. Is that where it was California? Right. And he makes some comments about it. How unbelievable it was. And next call comes on. He's like, yeah, that's unbelievable. I just don't understand what these people are thinking. And without skipping to be anyway, did you hear Jimmy this morning? What he said and they went right into the room. All right. Oh, you, you've got to understand this radio station 20 hours a day. I mean, it's one dimension. I put it this before. They could be dropping nuclear weapons on Jacksonville. And we still be here talking about. Hey, you think the Tony Martin's going to get off from that raps. So we can play for that off in this year. We should be talking crap on here. I mean, there comes a point in your life when there are some things that are more important. By so far real life. We're not talking about fun and games. We're talking about real life. And they so far super seed this crap. But the more on the sport nerds, nothing really matters to them. Except, you know, we go in the ball game. Well, it seems like we can, whenever we need a stadium, we can free up hundreds of millions of dollars. And at the same time we're hearing about how our public schools are failing. And we're going to have to give vouchers to people so they can bail out. You know, I don't hear any sales tax votes for improving the public school. So we don't have to send our kids to more security in public schools. And we're also in places like this daycare center yesterday. And how about the JDL, which I'm not a big fan of there. The Jewish defense league, which are very militant. But maybe they got a point. Maybe if there was some JDL guy with an oozy standing there guarding the doorway. Maybe this guy might have gone someplace else. Well, I don't know. I don't think more guns than everybody think. I've danced the wild west. And we already already got it. Yeah, that's true. Well, I guess we just got to get out of here. Okay, here we're Jimmy said. Have a great day. Okay. 1026. Work out. We got a chance to be special. Yeah, you're a special, all right, Jimmy. Get a haircut, by the way. Hi. I met you for a few for a daycare center. Victor and Guns. We have a large selection of booze and firearms in the state. And we'll personally assist you in choosing the Crud Delphoholic Memorage and Webbence for your next album. Go and square a lot. And you'll love our low classes on Shnapps and Hangry Nades. Look at the city. Shnapple out of fuel on hand. Doesn't sell a 41. Maybe you aren't interested in not Norse up defense. Maybe you just like to get drunk and shoot a failbox. Well, we've got Gallon's Jeswale Turkey and 44 Magnum Shales on sale this week only. We're open 24 hours. We've never checked out these and we're in our air proof. So come on down to fuel for 10, so let your in guns. Where everything leaves loaded. All right, we got a facts from a crazy person Tom G and our air life member. Nice going Tom. It says Neil is a boot looking socialist. How do you like that? It says this country was founded on religious nuts with guns. How do you like that first start? Religious nuts with guns. The second amendment protects your right to say whatever the he wants. No, I hate to break the news. It's the first amendment. Okay, not the second amendment. That's the one you're all worked up about. Guess what? Midians have a law of biting honors gun owners did nothing evil yesterday. Don't vilify the gun because it's an inanimate object. It does not cause the evil. Use their are socialists and we defenders of the Bill of Rights in the Constitution will always defeat you in your ilk. Study history a little bit and learn of what happens to a disarmed populist. They're massacred by their government. Good luck to you sir. Tom G and our air life member. Yeah, all those countries in Washington, you're a follows people are being massacred by their governments and have been for hundreds and hundreds of years. Have a night. No, no. In addition to which are hate to break the news to you, they had a piece on this just a week ago coincidentally after the Atlanta massacre. About what the second amendment really means and what the intent was. And they pointed out that back during colonial days of very tiny percentage. I think was like three or four percent of the public actually owned any kind of weapon. Any kind of firearm. Of course we didn't have no oozees back then, dammit. But of course, Tom, he's an expert. He and those is crack. And he didn't have to waste his time with the rest of the facts. He should have just ended after the first sentence. This country was spotted on religious nutswood guns. All right. Let's hear it for religious nutswood guns. Thanks, Tom. Gee, you're a genius. You're a rocket scientist. You're a typical NRA moron in the sill. Hope you have a great time. Hope you and Charlton has to in the loop. We'll see what comes out on top. So to speak. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Do you know that movie was packed off in an arm short snag or I think we've rolled our dome or were there, you know, they turned violence into entertainment like a game show? Yeah. Well, that's what the media's done. It's a form of entertainment now. I think to the media. Oh, yeah. They're loving it. Fox News Network CNN, FBNBC, MSNBC, all these talking head people. They're loving it. In fact, last night, I'm flipping around all the channels to see what information I can get. And here's Larry King tonight. And he presents it like it's an entertainment show tonight. And who does he bring out that jury? Spence again. A terror world guy named lawyer there from McCollow. Colorado, all the same old tired talking heads, participating about violence on television and all the other bull crap. And I don't think I don't really blame the public as much as the media. Because I think we've been to Ben Spoon fed so that we're de-sensitized now by what the media's condition does to react to. You know, I don't, I don't think I'm going to make sure we keep all those posh smokers in jail because guns are great. They're a partner like Chevrolet and Apple pie. Yeah. The most harmless people in the world are, you know, posh smokers. They're the most passive people in the world. Yeah, I'm on. Okay. Bye. Bye. Yeah, let's make sure we keep our prisons and jails loaded with all those rock growers and pots, smokers. Because that's the threat to all you safe law-biting Americans out there. Not crazy people. Religious nuts with guns to quote my good friend Tom G. A lifelong in our A member. Nice going Tom, great line. Religious nuts with guns. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. How question for you? I've been doing the act as a five weeks. A hundred. Great. Okay. Well, listen, stick up. Like that in your throat. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on a mobile one line. We got a short show today, 2 1 1, I'm not interested in the act in diet today. I'm not interested in house Cory saving dude over there in four fires. We wish him our best. We're talking today about something. You know, I had a little more important than I were going to have $400 million for a stupid stadium. Give me a freaking break. Okay. Get a brain sweetheart. Let's hope that she's been sterilized already. So she don't want to reproduce and God forbid. For sterilization, just keep that in mind. That's the most important towards you living here in your life. For sterilization. That's the only hope for the future of this country. Let me tell you that right now. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil. You know, I haven't had it done in my life. And I started living there. Are you better get with it, man? No, no, no, no, no. You know, I started going along on this theory of team. Maybe I want to get on. You know, and then I read about those six cops up at the thing. Look, who had that little Dominican guy who was just coming home from work. They had him in a little hallway. Uh-huh. And six trained police officers who've been with. It all happened. Six thousand shots. Right. It took six out of the only inter-18 times. Right. They didn't even have a shoe and a foot and a knee. Yeah. So, what did you say yesterday, there were like hundreds of rounds. You just fired all over the place. So, you know, with his ooze or whatever was. And only I want to pay her $5 people. So, how can you, you know, how can you have people out there with guns? Who are not trained? Who, you know, like the Colorado thing with those, they would have shot both. Or the kids, more of the students coming to the house. If you got six guys who can't shoot a guy on the wall. All right. Back there is that same country doesn't allow its citizens to walk around with guns. And they're walking to a gun show like it's some kind of a recreational sporting event. And just by every kind of automatic weapon and grow test-cons readable weapon, onto the sun without any kind of anything. You know, the Supreme Court also review the second amendment to deal. In case you, you aren't up on this thing. And they said that it, it will are allowed to arm militia. Right. And individuals. That's right. That's what it was intended for. That's exactly what it says. That's exactly what it says. So, that's why the states have the right to bang guns that they wish. Like, remember, do you look at the Sullivan law for all of you? I grew up in York, you could have been very, a little good night. Well, you ain't seen nothing yet, man. It's going to really get heavy duty now. I worry too. You know, it's about time, blah, the people screaming. I'm glad you screaming. Okay, thanks. Let me say it again because I'm on a, what was it? Limpers did fact, socialist, whatever that the Tom's eat that fact says. Let me say it again. A Harris pool conducted before these last three incidents. The one up there in Atlanta, the one in Alabama, and the other one in Los Angeles. 73% of Americans are not favorite tougher handgun controls. I'm sure it would be like 95% against the sale of all these automatic weapons. Chicago, Detroit, more than other 20 other cities, if I've lost it, it's blaming the firearms industry for the staggering toll of urban handgun violence and are seeking hundreds of millions of dollars in damages. Just like they went after the tobacco industry, they're going after the gun manufacturers and believe me they're going to nail their ass to the wall. Because civilized people don't want to live like this. Just so Tom's eat can talk about what a macho guy he is and he can sit around with the NRA buddies and polish their peace. And he's probably waxing it right now. He's dead weapon. Shasha Leonardo. And that's a busy yard because everyone's around and they see it now. And she will run out of the phone and they'll be the way. Where did you find all the mom that can start with getting one to turn it out? She had to decide if she made it to the final thinking. And her career was gone through now. I'd have to put it back to the end. But that's gone in the ear because you took it to the hospital. And now you should get a real gun run run. And then the bulletin tell the people away. And then the bulletin tell the police. Yeah, she will run run run run run. 144.5. 6. You got that horse ball. Marlon and Giants game. 1230 to 7. And anyway, here's the facts. The facts is I'm getting here this morning. So far our paranoid and delusional. Like this one from our good friend, Eddie and homestead who says, I'm not. You cannot let all of us with those crazy idiots. I really don't care what you're a pastor say about the United States. And I will never give up my right to own a firearm. I will support Tefer Gunlars. Short of banning them. Love you, sure Eddie and homestead. I will never give up my right to own a firearm. How do you like that? So in other words, Eddie and homestead is so obsessed with guns. And with his right to have one, then no matter how much jeopardy that places all wallbiting people in, he will never give up his right because that's the American F in way. And he doesn't care that the rest of the civilized world thinks we're a bunch of barbarians. He don't care what anybody thinks. Don't confuse any of the facts. Apparently, a reign supreme in Eddie's house. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, how are you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I don't want to take a position on pro guns because I would wish that all guns would be removed from our society. But something disturbs me here. Yes. This is a federal bureau of investigation statistic. If the only one I have, it's you don't want to know this valid. Of all the people that were arrested last year, 1998, the violation of gun existing gun laws, only 20% of those people were prosecuted. That's alarming. Yeah. So the existing gun laws apparently are not the problem. And more gun laws doesn't appear. You're looking for a gun. People walking to a gun show and by automatic weapons is probably the one that will let the police in 1994. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not an out of defense of motion. I'm just saying what these stirps. Yeah, all I do was interject one thing and you get very defensive as soon as I said it. No, but I'm not, your, your, your change is stuck. No, I'm not. No, I'm not. You're talking about Neil. Sir, hang up, calm down. Aren't you alarmed that the existing gun. I don't, I don't talk to assholes like that. Okay, if you want to have a conversation, you say your piece, which I listened for like 45 seconds. I try to make one point that the existing laws don't have any teeth, especially because of the NRA in the gun. That's a Republican, the right wing Republicans. And that's, you don't even let me get my point in. No, you don't want to make a point for a gun, but as soon as I start making an alternative point. I, I, I, I don't get excited. I don't talk to assholes like you, sir. This is a talk show. It means I talk, you talk, it's called a conversation. I realize that's something really revolutionary, but that's what it's called a freaking goddamn conversation, sir. And thank you for whatever it is you said. God. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Radio, how are you? Let's talk. In addition to which this guy doesn't understand, we got to keep all those potheads in jail. We don't have room for people like him at crimes with guns. We got to keep the potheads behind bars. That's the important thing. Yeah, I'm a lot. Keep us safe. Go, head, sir. I have an agree with you. But I don't think you're the right messenger for the, for the, for the, in our, in our anti, in our, and why is that, sir? Because you're contradiction in your lifestyle. Your, your, your, is what is bad with this, with this country. If you're lifestyle, your contradictions. Oh, I see. The facts are the ones who are problem with America. Is that it, sir? Well, that's it. That was you, because my lifestyle's what's wrong with America. Yeah, the facts are running around killing everybody, aren't they? No. Yeah, it's time I checked with those dead weapons. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. See, there's another one of those NRA people. And they're exactly what we're talking about. Crazy right wing lunatics. That's precisely what the problem is. It's the facts. Yesterday it was the Jews who had the shpartists. It's everybody else. We're the problem with America our lifestyle. No, it's crazy people like you, sir, with your guns. That's the American frickin' lifestyle. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, you're absolutely right on this one. I mean, you know, I'm watching this. I'm getting sick. I got a four year old and in the, in the, day school, you know, please go on every time they go over to the kids house to play. I call up the parents. I say, let me ask you. Do you have a, you know, gun in your house? And I've had one person tell me yes, and I don't let my son go over to play. Good for you, pal. You're going to, and my son is a boy can't play with someone. You can't, you can't, you can't get in fact. I didn't want to say it, but I said, you know, you're never going to play with it. Ever. Right. Because I can't allow that. And I'm going to hear him buying gas this morning and it's like, you know, you just got to watch this up. You don't know where anything's going to come from now. Schools, houses of worship work. Yeah. There's only one. So gun, half the hour stock broker. Okay. Mark it as a bad day, which has had a lot of money. They saw something is pissed off. Yeah. Guns have to be out with. They just have to be taken. You can't be allowed to own one. If you want, we'll give you a musket just like it. 1776. Yeah. That's about it. And let me say it again. The CBS story last week, the piece they did in the CBS news was great. Back in colonial days, a very tiny percentage of the public even had muskets. The whole concept of the second amendment was for a militia, not not so that individuals could run around with a bunch of firearms. And as far as you may see, the entertainment value of it and I agree, I'm watching Fox News and it's like rampage. Oh, yeah. But they got it. This is how they're going to. There's 500 somewhat channels. They're going to get the word out. But well, everyone's going to know. But when you see an idiot like Gary Bowel who's running for president, and again, he's preaching, you know, well, got to get back to God. Yeah. He lost the gun as forehand when they had him on or not. Was he hiding it this week? Well, what was that? I said was his host. I saw the good showing this week. No, but those yellow teeth were. Okay. Thanks for the good news. See you at the passport office. Local minister Reverend Don Harp during a memorial service in Atlanta for victims of that recent office massacre up there said it's harder to get a prescription filled than to buy a hand gun in the United States. Nice going. Reverend Pop. Close the Weasel. And then, of course, in the same news week magazine that I got yesterday. I think it was in here. I hope so. Oh, here it is. This is this is I thought that the article last week about that Hispanic business. That bull crap was bad. This is worse. An article by Susan Faludi. Contributing editor from Newsweek, author of the forthcoming stiff to be trail of the mercum men. She's got a whole article here about why the mercum male does these things. Only a few de-range men go on shooting sprees, but many field cheated that the system has let them down. And in some powerful ways it has, we're supposed to relate to this guy in Atlanta that went in in Shot 12 people because he was a gay a day trader. Oh, that's right. I must have been his lifestyle. He was a gay trader. That guy was right. I mean, this article is the worst piece of soil. We're supposed to know, start looking for the reason that these people have been the Letdown by society. Just like those kids in Littleton society let them down. And as a result, they were pissed off and fired up and whipped up to a frenzy. So let's go kill some people to let our frustration because it's the American F and Way. You're crazy Susan. And the people at Newsweek are crazy. You're putting this swill in there to try somehow to rationalize and justify why crazy people do this crap. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I agree with you completely. I'm very upset about this thing that happened out in California with the kids. Nobody's safe anywhere in our country. Yeah. By the way, I want to know, is Brian going to do a bit about these Jewish kids like he did with the Kennedy's? Oh, cute. Thank you. 560, I don't think anybody killed JFK Jr. I think he was the one, you know, got on the plane himself when he shouldn't have. Very cute. 560, 560. This goes to show you the mentality of the public out there like it's a joke. Okay. Now, we'll do a bit on assholes like you sweetheart. In fact, that's coming up Monday, no doubt. We'll probably take your call and stick a right in the middle there. We're just stick a wherever you don't want, like maybe in your echo. That would be a good spot. Probably a big target. Here's West Palm Beach, yellow. It puts the gun in the basket. Yeah. And in the lotion in the back. Yeah, yeah, put the lotion in your ass. Okay, pal. Oh, it's already in there. What am I talking to? Big joke. Ha ha. Very funny. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. That's okay. After the ball game, Hank will be on. We can talk more about that ball on that ballpark. That new stadium. After the giant game managed to be on 6 to 10 tonight at Capital and have all the All the odds on games that have yet to be played. Even after it's the last American is blown away with a firearm. They'll still be out there playing their ball games. That capital still have the odds. So, West is sure that nothing changes. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Are that leading with you folks? Yes. Me, my stomach hurt with that comment. Uh huh. I don't know if you were to go to the hospital. But anyway, I call it the tell you that I don't know if you were to go to the spot in the hospital. Let's take a shot at Neil now because a bunch of little kids got shot out in Los Angeles. Okay. So that's a great day to take a shot at Neil. Let's take on Neil. Neil's a bad guy. That was big. That was pretty big. Yeah. But anyway, what if clock team was sitting in front of the hotel, I understand? Yes. The guy was always way down on catching a bus or on the highway or something. He had not a camera. Yeah, I love the way these swath teams. Just like at Littleton, you know, the two of the two murderers, the two kids of the dead for hours and the cops are surrounding the school and the swath teams and they go in and they're leading the kids up. In the meantime, the murderers of the dead for hours, people are bleeding to death inside. You know, like that teacher. But in the meantime, they're out there and they said, well, see, we don't want to needlessly risk their lives. That's what they thought they got paid to do with to go save innocent people and risk their lives in a process. And how come last night? They're thinking and they're talking and they're plotting and planning. And in the meantime, the guys probably want to know how well a vision. He gets out the guy damn window. He's on a bus, who the hell knows where he is. He's gone, but I saw him outside the school. I was kicking over mattresses and kicking cans and, you know, all this other stuff. Yeah. So I'm just going to sit back and listen to people batch you about how we should have guns in America. Okay. Thank you, man. Okay. Yeah. The gun squeezes, baby. Oh, that's the socialist bag. He's the bad guy. Comey, Pingo, Fag. 560, 560, Pond 560 on a mobile one line. I'd tell you one thing, that bitch. You ought to be pistol whipped. I'll tell you that right now. Before we banned the last handgun, pistol whipped that bitch that called three calls ago. Back then, we can get one of the remaining Kennedy to come over to your house. Okay. With an oozy for you. Stick it in your vacuum. Have a good time. Boy, your brain's out because I'm sure that's where they are. That's where they're hiding. There's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, she probably cares more about the Kennedy's. That's a little kid. Yeah. Oh, I see a great parallel. Don't you be between a guy who got, you know, had a plane crash? Yeah. I mean, I got a magazine and millions of dollars. Yeah. Only 200 million. Yeah. Well, two things about this. The first thing that makes me sick is the, I want to tell you. And a gun show commercial come down. Yeah. And then they show the father with like three or four year old son on his shoulders. Where an army fatigue. You know, that's a great way to bring your son up. Yeah. You know, to let's go kill something. We'll go it into there. If you like, Johnny, let's go kill something now. Yeah. Let's go kill something for Christ. Yeah. And then not just that, but look what was in that guy's fan. It's not just gun to have had five, six, seven, five, six, six, eight, pound five, six, eight on the mobile one line. Did he say she ate? I think he did say she ate a nary slip point in there on me. Here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale. Hello. Mr. Rogers. Speaking. I jailed from the same part of the country that you originally come from. Yes. I'm stating New York area. Small community. I grew up with guns. I mean, hunting and fishing. Yeah. That type of thing to respect a weapon. Mm-hmm. I'm a career military person. Yes, sir. Um, former Green Braille. Yeah. Um. This whole thing is very upsetting to me. I have handguns. I have rifles and shotguns. I'm not fat. I mean, the way you make it sound like, like, like, 20 or 30, 50. I have a nice collection. It's worth a lot of money. Yeah. Um, they have a mall locked away safely behind it. Have you seen everything's taken care of me? Those fires at concern. Yeah. I have my conceal handgun permit for the state of Florida. I don't. I don't. Uh, uh, feel comfortable without a gun on my person because of the way society is nowadays. Yeah. I understand that. I'm not a wacko. Mm-hmm. I would never do. Well, nobody who, the people who are perpetrating these crimes will never say their rack was either. Nobody says, hey, guess what. I'm a wacko lookout. Nobody says that. I understand that, Mr. Raj. Right. I, this, this is very disturbing to me. Yeah. You already said that. These, these killings all over the time. So what is the point? The point is that how do you separate a lot of biting citizens? You don't. You don't. What you do is you take guns away from people and you stop having innocent people being slaughtered by maniacs with guns. That's the best way to do it. See, if it's a responsible country, like in Switzerland and in the library, they're all members of the military, they all can have guns. And they're not running around, blowing each other's brains out. This doesn't happen there. Okay. So when responsible people demonstrate that they're capable of doing it, then you let him have them. The country shows overwhelmingly that there are too many irresponsible people. You don't let individuals have guns. Period. That's the answer, sir. And I hope you sell your collection to make a lot of money. Oh, someone you can't do it. I'm a good daughter today. Specific Illustrator The samo and audition The Eman-C09, Dปhyme, Kitchase, Donut Gold, . Episode two, of whether she fits Entertil spraw B since that followed. I'm about to將 a Metal deities. Now, F quando throughcomm unible life The story that came broken me Okay, that's the perfect comment for this interview. So she'd be the one that we didn't play at four today. So I'm at all three at five, 60 WQM. Here's the facts from a guy named Joe who says in 1986, we had a shooting at his high school in Phenelis Park, one death, and one dean in one cafeteria worker worked killed. It says one cafeteria worker out of it and one to sub-up to people worked killed. As Nancy said, just say, you know what is shooting your effing gun, is what Joe says. Hey, man, Joe, they're coming to take your guns away. All you NRA, not so can just tell you that right now. No more goddamn guns. No more freaking guns. Let them off you have guns. Let them kill each other like they do in Sicily. Here's Carl Spring, Cello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Good show this morning. Like you, I'm kind of confused both of the public's reaction to all this. Yeah. Oh, it's a big joke. Yeah, they're blaming lifestyle. If you sell buddy nevin's article in Saturday, so I'm setting up. No, I did not thank God. He was addressing the teachers in the swing club. And he broke that people are now calling the Sunset and on the school board, turning and teachers who are living together unmarried. So obviously, the reason our schools are failing and we're shooting up our capital, our schools is that we have adults who are living together unmarried. Unbelievable. Not that schools are failing because of they can't read or write. They blame life out. Right. Everything else you don't believe in, right? It's on all the potable who's out there too. Yeah, I'm on. They're the bad ones. Hey, do you think you're less collar? You probably support the marlin stating, thinking you'd best sell some of this gun? Well, you know, I'd listen to that guy. You know, he went through his whole life story. He's been reading Beret. He's this. He's got 50 million handguns and ooze these innocent in it. And then he tells me, well, I'm not a nut. You know, I'm a responsible person. And I'm thinking of myself. Yeah. Yeah. And you think it's happening at a ballgame? The dolphins or the heat? They'd react a little differently. You know, because that would interfere with their entertainment. Yeah, we don't want to do that. That's the last thing we need. We can't afford to be screwed with ball games, especially around 2 a.m. And they get the last thing we could afford. Yeah. And of course, the marlins can't afford that because then, I mean, they're only getting like 18, 20 people showing up as it is. Yeah, but he's thinking of people bringing their handguns. They might help them build a stadium. Or maybe they can have like a gun show out there. You know, like, great. Beyond the first baseline would be good. Yeah. And if they killed someone as long as they can play ball, we'll sign them. Just shoot them in the leg. Yeah. Okay. I'll be that to me. And have a great day. Yeah. Let's get to the important things. Okay. Let's get to those stadiums. How many can we build before the goddamn millennia is over? Shifting in the leg. Right. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Yeah. Everything you see. I've told you this before. The public needs to be sensitized and become nomads. Like, oh, yeah. Here's another big story this week. It was Atlanta last week. And then the gun, Alabama, which there was only three people didn't make a big splice with that. And then auction the sense splash. And then we got the, you know, five kids in Los Angeles. Yes, today. Shooting little kids. Kids shooting each other. And you know, something the public goes along their merry way here. Old Bolivia. These are not the things that are important to the American public. They don't care. And that's why you live in a slaughterhouse. Here's a mobile in Mayor. I'm here tomorrow. Hello. Hey, before I get to my point, I guess it. What do you mean, uh, you shouldn't say splash. I missed that one. I don't want to get that bitch up. I said what that John John stuff. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Okay. Now I got it. She's still in mourning. Yeah. Two things I want to bring up. She's still in mourning pieces. Yeah. My daughter goes to a Jewish day camp in there. There was a half a dozen cops there this morning. And I got to explain to my kid why there's cops there. Right. It's not. You know what I mean? It's part being Jewish people. Hey, you for being Jewish. I'm about to Jewish. You know what I mean? I don't know. Hey, this isn't a Jewish problem, sir. The people on the way. I know. I know. I'm not saying it is. It certainly is not. But we're going to start with you. If we're a U yesterday, it was. And then the land, it wasn't. And the guy to ask you, shepherd up in Wyoming. That wasn't the, you know, and the fact is that we got a lot of sick, crazy, bigoted people. And a lot of irresponsible people running around. And that's bad enough. But when they're all running around with weapons, they'll, you know, it makes it a lot more dangerous. I'm worse. I know. And here's the other point I wanted to bring up about the handgun situation at home. You never read in the paper about somebody who has a handgun at home for protection, killing someone that broke into their house. You only want to want to get a great while. Very rarely. Never. I don't ever read that. I thought we're a few. Very rarely. But every week, somebody's kid finds their gun and kills him. Right. That's what handguns in the home do. And I'll never have a gun in my house. Just, just, just, we had the one yesterday morning. I read the story at the beginning of the show. The 14 year old kid in Dave County, and they were dealing around with a Zonkel's 22 caliber rifle. And we'll start you, you know, for any of the, he's dead. At least they've changed the laws in one way as they'd make the gun owner have some culpability. Right. That's right. But it doesn't stop the kids from getting killed. It's after the fact. What kind of a person? And this verse I want to say before, responsible people don't leave their kids land. Their guns land out where their kids can get him or somebody else can get him. And how many crimes by the way are committed by people who steal those guns that you're talking about? The people by the protect themselves? That's another thing. I mean, you know, I've never been, I've kind of been on the fence about it because it never affected me one way or the other. But you know what it might? And I hope something gets done before it does. Okay. Good luck to ourselves. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18T world of slime. He was on the fence. Not a good place to be sitting on the fence. They do fire practice when you're sitting there on the fence, pal. Levin, oh not, kind of sounds like beef. He's always on the fence. I've been surprised this room for this guy. Hey, probably 15 at 560, WBK, we've got the Marlon game in a giant pregame of culpory today. There are any even minimal planning. They want to 5 and a row. Are you still here? No, they don't care. They don't want to listen. They don't want to know from it. But I'll tell you one thing I have to say about it. Oh! Here's Miami, hello. Miami. Me, oh. Yes, sir. Uh, two things. Uh, I think, uh, Mayor Venus' uh, theme song should be. Okay, great. Thank you. Here's, uh, Hollywood. Hello? Yes, sir. Well, I'm 25 years old from upstate New York and I've had guns for a little while. I mean, I just use them for hunting. Uh, but uh, I agree with you on the issues here. My father lived in Germany for a little while. Yeah. Yeah. And, uh, they live there for a while. And the only people who've done to be some Germany haven't been any other places in Europe. And only people who've done to the police are police, I don't know what they call. Yeah. And, uh, you know, the walkway, I wonder, who's either everything. Nobody bothers anybody. It's all pretty melo. There are people in Italy with guns, are the, uh, police, and the, uh, mafia. The mafia don't shoot like innocent people, you know? Yeah. Well, I mean, basically here, if people are shooting each other, other than the, the, the Knucks would, you know, there are like the gang members and stuff like that. This country. But, my, I really don't have a problem with, uh, giving up my gun. I, I use it two weeks out of the year for hunting. You know, if the government needs some kind of law prohibiting, you know, gun, you know, making the second amendment from constitutional. What I would do, I mean, if they, they just have to be made on constitutional. I got to do his interpret it the way it was written and it has to do with a militia. Now, with the right of individuals to be running around with, uh, you know, all kinds of firearms. It was collections of every kind of weapon with bombs and hand grenades and all the other stuff that there's Not case in California. Uh, this has got to stop. No, I agree. I agree. If, if they, if they would make people basically give up their guns, I would do it if they paid me for, you know, give me for my guns. I would care. You know, let's do those. Yep. And, uh, when I was one or no, you know, I'm only 25 years old, but when I remember growing up, pretty much during the 70s, I don't recall issues like this ever really happening as much as they do now. Right. Exactly. Well, I can recall growing up before you did when there were no, there were no metal detectors and airports. There was no such thing as putting your luggage through a metal detector because, and also, there was none of this business. I saw a piece they had on the last night about how the statistics are better on how many kids were expelled or suspended from school in the country last year for bringing in weapons to school. There was no such thing when I went to school. It was on her, but it didn't happen. Well, I, I, I, I grew up 16 years up and up state New York, uh, in the cap skills. And then I, I was, I've been down here for about 10 years. I went to high school down here. I went to kill in, down south in Camel there. And, uh, I remember one day coming in the school, and I'm walking into the park along. And I see like, swat team and all these police, everything coming out. And then I see two kids getting thrown up on a car and they threw like a sort of shocked on the car and a pistol on the car too. I came to school to sell them. Great. I mean, well, that's down here. I mean, but it's everywhere. That's the problem is it's not just down here. It's not just an LA or in New York or in the big city. No, it's everywhere. That's right. And it's an Alabama. It's happening almost in the, I think it's especially an expulsion. That's too, for sure. I think the kids that bring guns to school. I think they ought to go to jail for like minimum three years. That would be good. Oh, I'd be great. I mean, I agree. Let the lot people out and put the gun crazy people in there. Nobody's coming each other with a joint. I agree. I mean, it's just like I said, New York, you go there. You see how civilized everything is. Right. Nobody's nothing ever happens. I've never seen any problems when I was in Germany. Right. One on their subways. No problems. Nothing. I mean, people were nice to each other. Then a lot of the buy and elevators and things like that. I don't know. It's just this country is just two savage. Okay, pal. All right. You take it. You did the passport office. Well, do. Well, do. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. I mean, I think the most disgusting people are the ones. The masses out there who have been become brainwashed and just, they just accept this. Oh, well, what could you do? The thriller arms up in here like, well, this is just the world we live in. It's only in barbaric places like here. Hollywood, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I used to sit in it. You just said it in fact, you know, go to the passport office. Now, he's still laugh about that. And you say, well, he's just saying it on the cheek. But I don't think that anymore. I'm going to be here a few more years. I'm getting the hell out of here. Yeah. My family's from Germany. I don't plan on going back there. But I'm going to find someplace else. This is a nuthouse. A few years ago, I live in Palm Beach. I went to a gun show. And if you ever want your eyes open, go and see go to a gun show sometime. I mean, it's absolutely unbelievable. The anti-social, like, chocolate dice, that go to these things. It's frightening. My buddy is an X-con. He's a good guy now. He's, you know, got a family. He's stricken his life around. And he wanted to get a block nine millimeter to just protect his family. He went in there. X-con, not supposed to have a gun. He's got a gun. He took him less than 15 minutes to get a, uh, that gun. A rock out in the parking lot. He bought it from a gun dealer. And it's frightening. I mean, it there's all these gun laws and all they mean absolutely nothing. If you want to gun, you can get it. So, God help us. Okay. See you. Yeah. I really, really highly recommend business week. The August 16th issue. It's the current issue. Under fire, big front page story, gun control legislation, the public unregisterial and he had a close up look at the secret of industry, the gun industry, which is making hundreds of millions and billions of dollars for a bunch of people with no conscience. Don't confuse them with a law. Maybe they got a lot of money to make. Here's coral geobals. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm a 20 year member of Hengen control. So, I get too political to charge that just knocked me up my soap box. But, um, you know, a collar couple times ago mentioned, you know, new aren't you alarm by the, you know, the, the, you know, the lack of prosecutor or rape, you know, and they don't prosecute people, you know, so forth. That is vintage inter-aid language if you go into the website or read their literature. Oh, yeah. I, Charlie has been completely excited to be back. I think you're one of their people on the talking head show. They spot the same crap. It's not a problem. Haven't a gun's out there. It's the enforcement that's bad. They're not putting these big. Let's office. Let's serve a smoke screen and all of that bull crap. And of course, what does that have to do with all of the thousands and thousands of people, all these kids are getting blown away? I like this kid and mine yesterday. Right. It just, it just affects me that, you know, that if you're liberal or if you're democrat or even if you're middle of the road that you're automatically pro criminal, yeah, and the anti-criminal and, you know, very much in favor of really prosecuting people, but also at the same time, you know, being favor reasonable, you know, gun control measures. It's not a blockerway, it issues, is it would make it up? Any person that's a rational human being that's been anywhere outside this country, anywhere civilized outside this country realizes this isn't the way that people are supposed to live. Right. There's just real two quick things I'd like to say, because right now, Congress isn't recessed. And when they reconvened, there is a very important child safety protection law of HR1501. And if I may give, can I give the, the, what's that address to him? It's very, very, very, very, very. Because rather than give out numbers, just get on there, and if you're interested in getting active or just seeing what you can do about passing this bill, get on WWW, a far one word. HandgunControl.org, it has a couple of things. If you look at the site map, I'll tell you what you can do, and so forth. And then the other thing of the pages, it's not in salt, you know, your intelligence, but for the people that's bringing up the second amendment thing, basically nine times that has been tried to be redefined by other the Supreme Court or Federal Court of Nine times. It's been struck down. The second amendment is open to state redefining. You're reapplying it as as they see fit. So they're over nine on that. So you know they never read the second clause of the second amendment. They just seem to concentrate in the phrase right to bear on. So that is just another you know in accurate thing that they would like you to believe. Okay keep it up for all. Okay, thanks. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir, speaking. How you doing? Great. Okay great. Good talk to you like I said. 560, 560, 560, at least he was brief or right to the point. Yeah he was right on it. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. Let's try my any. Hello. Yes sir. How are you going? Okay. I'm calling you from the state attorney's office. As far as the gun control issue, the state has passed that law 10, 20 life without convicted felons to hold the fire on. They can hear you heard about it. I'm sure you have. So even what would you recommend? I grew up around guns my whole life. My father had a gun and I knew that I wasn't supposed to go near it. I never even thought of going near the gun. And what would you say how would you say that we can get this problem fixed? Because even if you were weak we can't. We can't solve it. We can't solve it. But at least we can make an attempt. My first of all, bending these goddamn gun shows, they should be outlawed. Nobody should be able to walk into a pawn shop in a gun show and buy a gun. No way. No how. It's because these are buying candy. Right. They pass all these laws. And you know what? The innocent people will be left without the gun. The people who are actually in another part of it is no more plea bargaining. How many years ago was it we had the three the three year minimum mandatory sentence for crimes committed with a handgun? And there every guy then case gets plea bargaining before there's a conviction. What's the jujube joke? And let me tell you who the plea who offers those plea bargaining is not the stuff like the state that judges give them a slap in the hand. And we got to keep all those puck growers in jail. We got to keep the jail cells filled up with the dangerous people. They want to keep their out of it. They don't want cases on their out of it. The less cases on their out of it, they make them a better judge. They slap the bad people on the hand. And then people who go out and smoke a little weed, they get four years. Well thank god for that. Well what was the story I saw yesterday? Who was it? Somebody another drug thing? Somebody got 35 years? Oh no. I mean I mean I'm 35 years. I mean there's a guy here who got 35 years for having sex, consensual effects for the four-king year old girl. Okay. That I mean people even the prosecutor started crying when the judge gave him that because he says he wanted to offer. Oh yeah that was another one. That was just the other day. That was the last week again. I couldn't believe that. I mean so many people were there and the press could not believe this guy got 35 years. And this is a well thank god the sex police and the police are doing their job. Yeah this is an interesting thing. Because god only knows how dangerous that weapon is. And god knows how big of a current a little girl was. I was being with him. You know she was probably with a hundred other guys at the same time. Yeah. Because he was you know she was 14 years old and she I mean it's clearly stated that the evidence says he was she was on after him. You know he was just kind of a lawyer. And if you're a guy you know you're going to go for it. Anyway new awesome showman. Okay thanks. Watch out for those dead weapons baby. Score score. No kill every time. 560560, on the AT&T Wireless line 1127 at 2 o'clock in the morning. 5 at teeth damn it I kicked my own ass outside. Okay it's 1131 at 560. WCM and you can feel attention in the area you can smell it. Or something I can smell. Just an hour away from that pregame show for the big Marlin Giants game is we once again proved that Greg Reed's ego is bigger than all the rest of us here at QAM. 560560, pound 560, on the AT&T he was lying. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Two things for you. I think that Mayor penis. Yeah okay same guy as before he's got to written down evidently. Two things for you. He had two things an hour ago when you called that hang up on you at the same point after you got the penis out. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T started on I thought wait a minute isn't this an instant replay is this a tape or running hour what? Here's South David. Hello. Good morning. Yes sir. Well, I don't want to detract from what are how many weapons he's got? I only direct from the WCM conversation you have me to the utopic but I did want to clarify some things I have with police officers and and it's not our job to lay down our lives. English lead for. No wait man. Wait man. Nobody said laid down your lives aimlessly but the idea that police officers risk their lives to protect other people. That's part of the job. Every day sir. Right. And when you're going to go into a vault, a situation like that you need to be prepared and you need to have a strategy. Well how many hours does it take? Well I can tell you this much I wasn't there but I don't know how to run a radio station and I'm not about to tell you how to do it. So in other words the public can't ever question what is there a rule day sir. Sure. Sure. You can have questions but I'm here to lend an opinion on that I would have confident in the police that they know what they're doing sir. So they always know what they're doing just like in the job and I invest in just like the OJ. When you bring in when you bring in an SRT which is the squat. Yeah. Okay. You're talking about something that's been that a train constantly. You're talking about something that it's you know it's in a hit-on paper, standard operating procedures on how to do something. And like I said I just wanted to lend you this and it's not that it's not you know a bunch of goofballs just standing there saying oh what's the best way to that. But how long does it take? How long does it take that bird to create a strategy? We're not talking about the school in Colorado now. We're talking about a motel room in a lot of tiny motel and Los Angeles. What we're talking about. Sure. And again I wasn't here. I don't know all the all the parameters of that case. But you know in addition to which when is something that it be done so that the media are prevented from showing. I mean for crying out loud. They got you know somebody's gonna have to do it. The government has an nervous breakdown. If I say crap on here the FCC wants to find us but if KNBC and all those other graverobbers want to have a helicopter flying over showing the guy who's sitting in a hotel we're watching on television where the cops are then that's okay I guess. Exactly. And sanity. The tape they're allowed to come up to the tape they're allowed to go where anywhere with a public is allowed to go. Yeah. And you know it's up to their editors I guess are the people in there and they're in their power to determine what's kind of going on here. It's got a stop. It's it is. Okay. How good this thanks. 560505050 and it reminds me that the same thing when they were doing the little to business and of course that media feeding friends you was going on there all day that day and I went home and watched it on the satellite all afternoon and they're saying oh well we're not gonna show you this side of the building and as soon as they're saying that they're showing you that side of the building. Then they're saying in Atlanta well we're not that they don't want us to show the roof of the building. And while they're saying that they're showing you the roof of the building and here's all the cops up on top of the building. While they're telling you that the cops don't want them to show it. How many times have I told you that the people in the media are crazy irresponsible grave robbers as long as they can squeeze some ratings out of it they don't give a crap whose life they jeopardize they don't care that makes it even more exciting. Let's get to more people killed. Here's a mobile in Miami Lake. Hello. Hey, what's up? How you doing sir? No. We all got a minute that these are the last days. They said bull crap too. Good religious guy. How kind of religious people are always ones that say always have to believe about bull crap. These are the final days. Yes sir that's a good simplistic way to look at my dark and plumped at front. That's a brilliant way. I bet you God must have something to do with it. Maybe God was pissed off of the Jews yesterday and he said okay let's go shoot some kids. You know let's not kill anybody but let's just go and shoot up a bunch of kids and here's the guy will use he'll be the conduit this 40 year old punk. And by the way great job again by the media fantastic job. I get home yesterday this incident just happened a little while before I got my TV goal in there and it's a teenager about 17 year old teenager 5 foot 10 he's the suspect. Now we're later it's a guy who's 5 foot 7 bald balding 40 years old. Yeah. You see his picture this morning? Sure look like some teenager to me who must have lived in a rough life evidently. Huh? Must have done too many goddamn drugs to many magic mushrooms. The guy is like 37 years old and he's a good pastor 47 easy but the first description all it's a teenager. Right. Excellent job. Here's plantation hello. Plantation. Neil. Yes sir. Well aboard lighten up today you have obviously hit a nerve. Well if it doesn't light up today pal I think it's lights out for everybody. You know it's it's I'll tell you the NRA thing and the gun lobby is so scary, so frightening think about this for a minute I don't think anybody's brought this up. What other consumer product if there were airplanes that were malfunctioning or food that was killing people? Right. Add seat belts so there were cars that were found to have these things happen we guessed a week and day after day wouldn't it be off the market immediately wouldn't they sort of withhold some things but the frightening thing is that we get him new into it or something we take the paper up in five or dead and 11 or dead and then six right after day and the American public. Thanks to the way that the media covers this like it's some kind of a a doc you drama instead of like some grotesque horrendous news event. The media just accepts this like oh it's like the OJ trial or here's another exciting thing we can spend some time with just please don't you thus. Well you know Neil knowing human behavior in the fact that I teach and I know what makes human behavior tick the people act only in self actualization when it hurts you when it harms you and unfortunately it's going to take the leadership of the NRA type people to have tragedy strike really close to home and then something will happen. That's the only time. Right. And I'm not advocating going out and taking off a few NRA members but that's when their families get it let's start hearing it or they totally move to that too. Probably. It's really frightening. The powerful lobby is totally, totally scary. There's no other product that won't be pulled off the market. None. And I don't know what we're going to do about it. Okay pal. All right see you see on the big ship. 560 560, 560, if the final day we don't want to get your nervous or anything like that but our smartson Dickie friend had called before I think he had it right. He said it's the final freaking day. That's right. See you better get all your crap together. In fact you won't need any money so just send it all to us here at 2A and you won't need that cash because when you go to heaven or wear a purgatory, wherever you're going to be, you won't need no cash. They don't take quite a card's either. Send it all over to us. We'll take it off your hands. I'll ask you. God I miss you. Even though you look like a card all my hair off, I miss you. But what questions do you think you could let me go? When you might last me out of this clip. Someone said before weeks month I'm not complaining. Don't misunderstand me because I love you with all my heart but if you happen to see my mother we've let it all I'm not dead yet. Here is land is I want to tell you that the guy you saw with your best friend that wants me. He might have looked in talk to like me but that surely purely coincidental. I was so aware near that place. I love you too much to look at anyone else. There are land is I had a dentist appointment that day and I was so aware near the shared metal list. Oh hell I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good. Please, all those queries as well that they come out let me out of here. It's 145 at 560 WQM 560 Pomp 560 on the 18t line here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Yes. I want to make a brief comment. I worked for a government-made judge. I'm sorry. I was listening to some of these people call them talk about how safe they are. I have two sons. Neither one has any guns around their home. I don't have any. I wouldn't shoot a shot gun if somebody paid me to unless I have to on my job. What I get off my job and that I'm duty I call my local bank ahead of time and arrange and wrap up in a safety positive line. I see the separately. If people thought the guns were so safe like you say maybe they should go to places over in Europe where nobody carries one. I'd love to be working over there where I didn't have to. But I don't know. I just wanted to make a brief comment about that's why I held on so long because I'm just saying I don't have to worry about picking it up. And as soon as I get home that's where it goes. If they were all gone I wouldn't have a job banked on. Okay. Just want to make that comment so you keep up the good work. Thanks a lot. Okay. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. And I, you know, we had some calls here today. But I can see there's no change. It doesn't make any difference. You become so immune to this crap that we can have one of these every day. Oh wow! Let's give something to new the staff known it's a boring hot summer day. Let's go home and watch and see how many people got killed today. And we'll hear all the glory reports and they'll go to the hospital and they'll have the hospital spokesman will come out and give us to report it all the glory details. And then we'll see the the SWAT team waiting to go in and barge in the motel and all the pictures. It's like a hobby now. It's like a hobby for a neurotic country. The shoot out of the day. It's kind of just like Britain didn't outgrow that worldy bullcrap. This country's never outgrow in a wild west mentality. I don't think ever will. Get pissed off. Have more somebody's crap away. There you go. They won't do it again. 560, 050, 050, 050, 050 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile in marathon. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing today? Okay sir. Going along with everything you say um and I don't mean that the sound corny grew up in Indiana but I believe it to be true. It's part at home and if we don't turn on the channel 7s and the nonsense news and they don't have the ratings they don't get the revenue and revenue is what makes all this stuff happen. It's starts at home with teaching our own kids and our neighbors kids and not letting our kids go to houses that have guns. There may not be a lot you can do but I know a mother lost the baby and a drunk driving accident and got teed off and next thing you know there's mothers against drunk drivers and the money came back to the state that said if you don't stop this you're not going to get the federal bucks and until we get the legislators to step up and say okay state you ain't going to get this money unless you're willing to compensate from that direction it probably won't change but we can change our own house and our own neighborhood. Yeah there's this country has to be emancipated from the NRA are the quality of your life and everybody else's life in this country is controlled by a bunch of crazy people called the National Rifle Association of a Stranglehold on Congress and until the day that we're emancipated from them nothing is going to change and have a great day. Yeah and at Larry King he brings on oh yeah that's a spectacle tonight tonight we got this one we got that one yeah let me talk about our shameless whore yeah I'll bring you out Jerry Spence they got to drag him out again there we just got the in cowboy suit on and he's done there pontificating about where all television violence you know you think that this crazy guy that pulled this crap yesterday you think he was affected by television violence oh my god damn video game oh got a 40 year old guys playing video game and if they are better call the pedophile police because that's why they're hanging around the arcade and the guy there they with us with a stock stock broker guy there in Atlanta you think that had to do with violence on television in the movie oh no but let's start looking for escape goats let's dust off boring old Jerry Spence and bring his tired old ass back again there Larry nice job don't forget the music we're listening to also oh well that's definitely it no question about that just ban all the music just making listen to god damn religious him is 24 hours of that'll do it 560 50560 pound 560 on the 18th the wireless line crazy people running your lives and you're all sitting around well moon with like that yeah nobody cares here's bokeh hello yeah yeah yes sir although every one of these incidents with with the schools and all the the Syria killer on the railroad track the police have been ineffective I I on every one of those incidents I can't think of one where the police have made a difference they either kill themselves or like this guy escaped or they turned themselves in or where is the police done in any any of these instances in the past year can you think of one where the police actually jumped in there and did anything well alcohol is not a past year but alcohol machini they got that property quite mv they don't they didn't look for a guy in North Carolina for for months and months with everything and they never came up with him yeah and have at the oak the bombers for the Atlanta uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Olympics that they ever come up with him no yeah that's an unsolent I mean I'm kind of up there they didn't like him too much they weren't his life pretty good right that's coming guy right well they needed somebody so the game could go on yeah but I mean all of these cases were where if the police really got to do all that swatrain and then everything but where they really captured anybody yeah they got they got the uh people behind bars oh yeah we got that and they got the people to the swing clubs they got them out of there pretty good you know it okay thanks for the good news sir I mean with all do we expect you know they're good cops out there a few women they do put their lives online very often unless they're just sitting there with a radar gun all day long but uh yeah law enforcement this country in fact I'll tell you who's doing an even better job as old John Walsh on here America's most wanted in fact that you know something that shows going to be on 24 hours a day on every network pretty soon America's most wanted you're going to be spending all your time all your spare moments around working school and whatever else you want to do you're going to be spending all your time calling up John Walsh and those people because they're going to be so many goddamn people killing everybody oh there he is we just saw walk down the street there's another one let's go get him good job by the FBI and that queen and business to it that was really good huh all those leaflets they pretended they headed off and nobody ever saw down here which is picture should have been on the front page of the goddamn hero and that pawn shop slipped that was sitting there for two or three weeks into Miami Beach Police Department that had his motel and dress on it and his name and passport number excellent job but let's go out there and read the swing clubs all by the way there is one good piece of news where the hell is it at least temporarily private club gets temporary we're preven junction issued in response to suit judges ordered police to take a hideous from resting members of a private club in Fort Lauderdale where people dance partly naked and enjoy obscene language oh my god they're enjoying obscene language in a private club well after them it's just a temporary reprieve for the catch me out to a members only club who's attorney say it shouldn't be governed by lawsmen for public adult establishment entertainment establishments and it goes on and on and Fort Lauderdale police detective Jim Wright says this has been going on for decades the city has been defending and changing its strip club laws for years yeah because these are the kind of important things that we need to really clamp down on not catching people with guns crazy people murderers we don't need to worry about that we need to worry about what consenting adults are doing in private clubs and behind closed doors that's what we need to be concerned about the pleasure police not the crazy lunatics we can't catch them like the guy says and he's right five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teeline we've got a couple of lives open here this public isn't there they're not whipped up to a frenzy they don't give a cracker used to it here's cruel springs hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir Greg I just moved back down here from gamesville back down the course brings uh I just started listening you show you don't get it up there I appreciate I'm enjoying it so fuck um basically the most I know about what I see on TV I'm on the on movies but you know what I personally think is and I would like to hear your standpoint on it is you know by the time you're able to run all the the get information from get to run up by the mayor got to get it this by the time you know they get everything approved seems like a third you've done a third you over with them by that time it's too late what do you think that's time you gotta get run what by the mayor we know the guys in there we know we do in this we did we need a search war we know he's got this going on he's selling guns out of there but you know we can't we can't just go in the house and arrest him because we know he's doing it we gotta run all the stuff out yeah like what do you think about that and then never stopped him from you know breaking down the doors very often by the way in the wrong house never stopped him before from breaking the doors down the way they thought there were drugs being uh so right right right right honestly I agree with you 100% why why can't we just do that like how how many years ago was it when you were able to go in the house you know something's wrong and then you can go take care of it you have to run it by a mayor by my all the people all those uh the judicial people I mean well kind of that's ridiculous that's John though they probably had a call Tom Bowdeppy for the good you know permission to go in the motel last night I don't I don't I just don't believe that I mean I think it's ridiculous but I appreciate it I'm enjoying your shit I'm keep going okay Greg thanks 560 560 560 560 on the AT&T wireless line here's Pembroke Pines hello yes sir you know Jerry spent you don't like the great philosophy Jerry's a piece of turt baby he's so he's boy you know something I've got sucked into buying his OJ book after they other eight million OJ books that were written it was the biggest most ponderous piece of pathetic garbage I've ever written my life feel on any more clothing than that are no he just has that one there and you know something buffalo Bob left in that outfit remember when buffalo Bob died a year or two ago he left in that outfit that's the only thing he's got to wear let's in the I agree with you how to stand on the you know banning the gun shows but you know unfortunately it seems like it's a cast out of the bag you know it's like 200 million guns floating around what would you do about that I it's just it's like banging your head against the wall I'm not saying we're going to solve the problem you're right the the horses way out of the barn but at least you at least you make an effort at least you start somewhere yeah yeah it's just it's really and especially these assault weapons why should any why does any citizen in this country need to own an assault weapon well I can tell you why because you may have to kill 30 deer in one minute so you can take out a lot of deer yeah you the 100 they need to have those that's true very important especially when I was deer start shooting backman their dangerous they got good aim of course the media is great so you know kind of you a junior I think you would think he was president of the world when all of that yeah that was really important stuff yeah you know 100 man what are you going to do okay pal later see you see in a real country some day sir because guess what this ain't it 567560 pound 560 on the 18t wireless line is a paid public service announcement from the International White Association let's face most of us will never be rich hell we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressed but as usual with every problem there is a solution I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handgun they scared their shit out of people intimidate them and giving you whatever you want that's right handgun think about it need some cash proper bank don't have enough money for beer all the convenience they chips and friends will wire at it's all free if you've got a handgun some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend kill him the simple solution a life's complex process why have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around hell if you don't want to wait the five days who cares find a dancing out the street just say a lot of handgun the great alternative the working problems out if he considered a population controls yes handgun they just might make a thing trouble see that goes to show you where his mind is okay tocha come back here from the break tocha just put a little on okay 12.15.60 WCM so I'm seeing it and they're just showing our good friend view for a road junior great american for you there well he had a little problem there for uh you know his last the criminal conviction he's out on parole found a Nazi book he's a member of area nation another one of these skinhead types there he goes there's a good american for he's got 72.462 paint websites there on a guy they're internet we're doing it baby and I have to laugh there are the great media that he's brilliant people what he said this was a hate malle no it was just a random shooting god was it a hate crime five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line we got we got something to worse than a hate crime we got to marlin's getting coming up in twelve thirty that's a crime we don't have to have any trial to come to conclusion on that that's the verdict it's a freaking crime criminal here's Miami hello yeah yes sir yeah let me ask you something I said you're a really into a gun control you want to allow uh gunshot to be advertised in your show would you I have no control I have no control I have no control over that sir I have no control through a hypocrite so let me say it again since you don't want to have a conversation I have no control over what they advertised on his show and I've said many many times that they shouldn't be running those spots like the problem talking you know advertise you know making uh sir you want to have a conversation or just what a pop a pop a pop a pop another asshole spick when you're a people when you're clowns but that's not the right wing spick let me say it again sir I have no control and if it warped to me there wouldn't be any gun show spots because there wouldn't be any gun shows how do you like that my right wing psychotic friend but just keep attacking me don't deal with the issue keep attacking me I'm a bad guy that's right because I don't like guns I don't like crazy people with guns five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line how many dozen times have I said that I'm embarrassed and humiliated by those gun show spots and nauseated not just on this station but back on IOD because all the people in this business they're a bunch of horrors and anybody that'll spend a couple hundred bucks for a spot they'll put it on the year they don't give a crap what it is embarrassing and humiliating but you know we got to pay John Henry and Wayne you know here's a mobile and hollywood hello to the tone of the blow that is there yeah okay what's up man so I want to hear some about OJ film let me hear some let me hear some OJ film what do you want to hear about it is that uh that is what's what you hear him said when you said no no that's not his voice no his OJ's voice is when he says oh man that's OJ that's OJ that's OJ yeah yeah here there's okay here's this that's for you five six seven oh five sixty I think that was Cecil on the phone right there okay that's how I see so to me here's another one for your Cecil Cecil Cecil five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's poppin oh hello hey Neil yes sir um these people have done third the totally insane uh what they should do is just round them all up put them in the middle of the country and have them blow their brains out because to tell you the truth I don't need that you know what I'm saying how much if we just given that the code is would be good north and south to code all the people because you generally these like uh area nation guys they're up there in Idaho and the northwest but north and south to code are very uh the sparkly populate let's just give them those two states and they go all go up there and have their own peace definitely they've got nothing else to do but blow their brains out and do things with farm animals you know right and and and and I don't want to be well you gotta slow those farm animals down they run like crazy you know so you've got a shoot them in electors to slow them down right well I don't want to be a sore about it I don't want to be walking down the street and get shot or something over some stupid thing and these gang members and stuff all that's going whatever happened to the good old days but it's going to be a fight you know like you were saying when you grew up yeah you were in high school and this and that there was no one still fitted but I don't think they're fighting with it 560 pound 560 what we're talking about that yesterday that thing with the fist that they're doing I'm not that that's tomorrow show here's a mobile in bokeh hello but after noon you yes sir uh new I got a question for you after the end of World War Western Europe which has some of the great democracies of our time was a wash in guns just a wash in guns you know what happened to them? Germany in Iran where did they all go? But yeah where did they all go they got rid of them and they have democracy and they have freedom yeah well that's just well don't include Britain when you say they have freedom they don't have freedom so I guess what you have a first amendment over there so I guess what kind of risk comes back and succession they'll require now the 10 commandments to be closed in a bulletproof enclosure right there you go actually I'm okay good point yeah put that when you put it right out there in front of the classroom make sure it's in a bulletproof container you know with bulletproof glass in front of it because we don't want to you to smash up to think of amendments kids it's okay but to think of amendments you got to protect that 560 pound 560 are we going to coordinate the clock or because I just have a feeling we're sliding to this pre-game sure it's 1230 we're going to do a time check on a I don't know maybe Joe will deal with that or not I don't really care over just keep going okay suitable game that's the morning guys here's highly hello hey yes sir I'm well people that I think I'm immune to it I got home yesterday I heard about it yeah yeah don't care don't care yeah I just saw it I was like oh that's another one first one common by the Columbus wherever it was Columbia yeah he's got what I mean I thought I was like oh man 50 kids whatever it was killed I'm what if you know okay well thanks for the good news there's a guy that doesn't care he wants to announce it to the world I'd like that most people probably keep it a secret but this guy well he's in highly what do you expect you know probably just came in on a guy damn banana boat 560 50 50 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line here's Miami hello hey there oh here's an other genius okay let's talk to some people who can speak like I said yesterday if you can speak the language I'll be glad to talk with you briefly okay and no okay great here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale hello hey Neil what's going on oh god I mean you wonder why this country is a slaughterhouse I was just going to say that these losers calling off from highly in what have you yeah I came and put a sentence together first of all second of all they don't yeah they can put a sentence together 10 to 20 I think sounds good for a start you know no one cares everyone's priorities are all screwed up like you said we're the big joke guy calls me from highly to announce to the audience that he's immune he doesn't care anymore he couldn't give a crap like that's right how are you baby loser yeah um you know I just want to you know make a comment you already alluded to it earlier uh you know it was part of a screwed up you know you got to share a soft that's arresting people up to the swing clubs that hey they're doing what they wanted to improve it but you know let's let's let's let all the gun dealers out on the street and let them do what they want right let's what's going on this country I mean I'm telling you I'm only 30 years old but I'll say I'm pretty concerned I mean I'm to the point where you know I've a girlfriend she talked about having a family when we get married and listen I don't know if I want to bring kids into this I don't blame you it's crazy it's totally nuts it's to the point where you know I I've mentioned it and I used to kid about it but now it's starting to become maybe a reality I'm just thinking about picking up and going to an iron there so there you go I'm telling you but that's all I got to say I'll see and it's real disturbing I mean that's really horrible I'll see you at Barbados take it easy come on come on you make a high here that's a toilet that's the American fucking way I'm sorry what what are we doing I don't want to get I don't want to get nervous now but what is it that we're doing I mean we just like falling apart of the scenes we're almost done almost time to say bye bye have a nice day don't get shot between Adam our morning I mean and all of a sudden it's like what was that this spot I was starting when that's posting oh you don't mean to say we have a faulty piece of equipment here do you another piece of Gregory crap a beastly crap that doesn't work like every morning when we come in here we have to reset the phone every set our lives because everything was bought at crezes and I got the infires sale that's correct sir thank you anyway who the hell wanted to hear that name I wanted to hear it I think it's it right in with all these you know buck teeth the goofballs running around straight out of the hills I said set them all back to Joja send them to the Carter clan I'll up there in Joja and they go I'll blow each other's brains out here's a mobile in Miami hello hello Neil yes sir are you doing sir okay first of all I'd like to commend you for having the Gahoni to speak up on an issue like this I couldn't believe that last call I was saying that he was totally insensitive to it yeah he's been highly so he's lost all of his sensitivity I guess right Neil I'd like to make a comment in regards to that I don't know if you heard you but just to the results in other key it's not a 14 year old I had read that story the right at the beginning of the show to the sir as I playing with playing with a 22 caliber rifle right and um it just goes to show that you mentioned earlier I don't know what it is we're going to do all or what is going to take but it just got a flat out out law of fire on right I'm with you that's the old I'm an extremist when it comes to gun control I don't want to see any citizens walking around with guns there isn't anybody I mean you know people depending on their job if they're like with a DEA or something like that but I mean I know that's a bad example though but people who are needed gun well no seriously but unless it has something to do with a life in that situation with their occupation right no citizens ought to be walking around with a gun and if they can't give a I don't care what you say there's almost nobody in this country who is killing a game in order to survive you know in order to make their dinner that night that's a bunch of bullcraft is actually well so I just want to let you know that I'm the end of the week with you 100% in as far as all of these sick holes and one of the national riders because he's got the frick flip and ball just stand up for something that's right screw you all from the flip is something nice to see a flip them the bird five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line and that's right bed wedding pancy uh... capitulator or socialist fag yeah okay and what else here's Miami hello you know when I commend you for the work that you're doing people are screaming about this pick a vote else's yeah um i feel like that call it from highly i want to make a comment on that and he was a genius he was a rocket science oh man i moved away from a lia for take a bit get away from people like that uh... one of the stuff that the media is that not allow uh... it to be shown so much to uh... decenteralize people like that that's a thing for themselves never do you understand i mean they've got twenty four hours a day to fill up now we have all these twenty four hour news channels and so as a result they're just waiting for some like this i wouldn't be surprised if maybe they're involved in it sometimes you know they've plotted or something like that they could have they're probably getting burning short ready to go you know they're probably like got him locked into a room somewhere and try to make him crazy and go to give him a couple of ooze you see what he can do right well they're there before the cops do it i wouldn't doubt it the cops get there i wouldn't doubt it one last thing uh well i know it's pretty much it you keep doing a good job okay thanks they oughta highly of by the way that's a good message for all you people out there stay out of highly of not bad enough they got raw martina's over there he'll be the crap audio that's what he said here's a mobile in Miami hello how you doing the own pretty good sir uh latest trend young who deals with fanny packs can see them fire our license in there and a gun if they're carrying it over their shoulder and you a lot of people have probably seen this they're packing heat they're packing it yeah for what reason you know what i mean ridiculous they have already young guys do they have a red hanky and they're left the rear pocket too i didn't i didn't i didn't really got to be good that means they really got a dangerous weapon yeah you'll probably have people calling in about that because i've seen it all the time they're packing it huh they're packing it and they're carrying the little fanny packs a little deep fanny packs right over the shoulder oh boy thank you thanks for the good thanks for the warning there's no warning for all you people out there to be on the lookout okay where you fudge packing you said they're packing it let's go to Miami hello body close oh thank you there's another one of your people here's a mobile in coral spring hello mobile in coral springs how you doing Neil okay sir how you doing i flew down from on in europe and me my friends just i received a few free marlin's pick it's a bit out worth going or not let's go to a four-laterdale hello hey Neil yes sir let's start with these buildings that are run by like the city of four-laterdale like the war memorial auditorium that runs gun shows the bi-monthly it seems like i mean let's go let's go after these if i say gun shows stop right now that's what i say no more gun shows this is insanity it's that's craziness and uh you you hit on a good point earlier in the show about that uh sterons we're doctor William shockley when you need them for a sterilization uh huh remember that in the early seventies yeah all right now okay thank you i think doctor William shockley's probably hanging out with this guy um viewport buster whatever this guy's name is here's a mobile in hally wood hello mobile in hally wood Neil yes sir how are you sir okay first of all i think it's from the tourty other explained on the police because unless there's money to be generated from these criminals they don't go after them if the guy show a pot or something they got 20 cops they go try to set the guy up and then do a reverse thing and all that but i got it they said this guy had uh a soul charge with a deadly weapon yeah and he was looking to do a more thinn't said nobody looking for this guy you know in a meeting if he was a drug dealer i'm just a nobody looking well they he was on probation right and they was supposed to go to jail for eight months that he didn't show up and you know why didn't they pick him up then you know what i mean there's two people here yeah i didn't hear that's the right or that or the news is morning yeah and uh what's the one good morning america all of us on there must be true yeah well you know no but anyhow i mean you know you start there the cops are so busy worried about you know there's a million people in jail for you know buying a quarter a week from one of their buddies but we're going to a swim club or a right going to a swim club victim was crying swimming in the wrong direction yeah you know i'm gonna close don't forget the prostitutes in the john i'm gonna tell you if we go away all these silly we and you know crying police invented crimes we took all that away we could put all us gun bags away for a hell of a long time okay we walked the streets exactly this guy's old enough to spend his money wearing once this girl's old enough to do what she wants with her body and we can you know it's the biggest joke in the world victim of scourines and that's where they spend 90% of their time you know the police trying to get more people were generated a lot of money yeah well thank the heck god the cops aren't running no prostitutes in ring on sorry forgot about that thank god they're not hoaring out no sixty year old girls down there in candle higher lia that would be bad and of course especially if they were their own best customers 20 pass no that's 560 WKM we got that marlin game coming up all boys there anything we can do about that oh no damn it all work today i'm pretty excited about it how young is too young oh It's all the focus on the ground. Don't wish to hit on tight. Cause I'm a dare in trade up. On the side of the ground. And I just hope it's all. You're not going out. You've got three thousand. You're not going to hit on tight. You're not going to hit on tight. 24 to 50 WQM. So anyway, it's a Nazi area nation group wall. That's what this guy is. Beware. Beware. Pusser. Who they're looking for out there. He was in the motel. But they were busy. He did it all around. Wow. Here's what our strategy is going to be. And you take the right side and go down field. 10 yards and I'll throw it to you whatever else. Didn't work out. Here's Hialia. Hello. You know, you were right about the MBC has had this on since the first shot. Oh, they're in M. Obviously. They are the feeding frenzy specialists. So I just heard something maybe you can help me out with. Yes sir. The guy goes in and shoots over 70 shots and shoots those poor kids. Over 100, yeah. They may be calling it a hate crime. Mm-hm. As opposed to what? As opposed to a regular old run of the mill garden variety crime. In other words, that's why that whole thing about hate crime is so idiotic. It's so stupid. I mean, what difference does it make would you call it a crime is a crime? Let's start prosecuting people and put them away for a long time. What difference does it make would you call it? In other words, I'm not a Nazi. So if I wouldn't have did that. Then it would have been less heinous. Less heinous. Less heinous. Anyway, I look for it to the Mars. Yeah, but you are. Oh, please. Okay. Goodbye. We got only five minutes to let Preygan talk about a crime. I mean, heinous. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I usually agree with everything you say, but I got a problem with the gun control. Okay. Okay. If you take away guns from citizens, who are the only people who are going to have guns? Oh, this is Syrians. Criminals. Yeah. That's it. And our civilians are going to protect ourselves. If some criminal breaks into a house and they're with a gun. And robes us. How many people do you know to get to the protect themselves because they have a gun in their homes? How many of you read about three? Well, no, my father has a gun in the home and you have to chase them when they have a house with it. Yeah. Well, that's here for Dad. Hey, it's on Dad. Oh, yeah. Okay. All right. Go, Marlin. Okay. Oh, he's a Marlin fan. No wonder. Okay. Now we understand sir. You're under a lot of stress and pressure. That's planes. Okay. Where are we going? Well, I don't want to step on it. Marlin thing because you're in fact. Let's play a little clip to show you this five-game. Man, it's been dynamite. Joe Angel, bottom of the seventh last night. All right. And lots more than that to come in just a couple of minutes. Here's a North Miami Beach, hello. For this phone really blows. North Miami Beach? Yes. North Miami Beach. Sounds like you. Yes, sounds like me. Hey, listen. I asked to tell you that I spent almost a year up in Northern Michigan. I liked to pose my hands off. And I'm glad we back here listening to you because you're ready. You up there, stuck. Really blows, yeah. Okay. But I got a little, maybe a little solution to this gun control business. Always good. Drinking a lot of that any freeze. When it's real cold up there, Northern Michigan. Oh, yeah. I don't do it every time. Yeah. You can have a more money inside. Yeah. Okay. But look here. Some of that anti freeze. Let them, let them, all the guns. Yeah. But if they didn't have the bullets for the gun, there you go. There you go. That's right. Guns don't kill people bullets. There you go. Oh, no. Don't kill people bullets, dude. Let's give everybody all the guns. You want just know more bullets. Here's Miami, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. I can understand. Lots of bullets, just no arrows, yes, sir. I can understand you being an extremist. However, we both know that being an extremist on any issue is sometimes self-defeating. Yeah. Let me preface what I'm about to say by saying I have absolutely no affiliation with the NRA. Mm-hmm. And you just have a fetish with guns. Not particularly. But I'm just not an extremist on just about any issue. Yeah. Well, I'm usually not either, but in this case, you see, I feel like if you take an extreme position, then maybe you might like to make a little progress. Because if you just take a middle of the road position, they've been tried to that for forever, and not anything happens. I understand that. And I can agree with you on many sides about that. But let's try this. Everybody's at once, absolutely no guns in anybody's hand. Yeah. I think they should have two signs made up. One for their home that says, absolutely no guns in this home. Uh-huh. And one for their automobile that says, the driver carries no guns whatsoever. Yeah. Those are those in both places for fear. And see, if that changes people's minds. Meaning one. Well, who do you think would be reading? How does anybody who's going to break in your home, know if you have a weapon or not, how do they know? Exactly. They don't. So, so there's what's the point? So let's put a sign up. So how do they know that you do have one? If they're going to think about breaking into your house, sir? Do those people have a sign that says, Warning, we got all kinds of ammunition in here in hand grenades, etc. You ever saw a house like that, sir? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha yeah. Great material. Idiot. Moron. Jackest. Simulton. Oh, he's not an RA guy. No, he just didn't ordinary pedestrian crazy guy. That's all. We've probably got a very tiny penis. And he loves that fellow. Simult, baby. He's probably rubbing it right now. And his gun, too. Oh, my God. We've got to get here for some stupid baseball game. Hey, listen to Marlins. Baby, that's where the big money is. You believe it? Yeah.