Theoretical Performing Arts Sunday evenings at 8.15, beginning June 26. South Florida skies, partly cloudy today in tomorrow, scattered thunder showers today, rain probability of 60% this afternoon, 20% tonight. Highs mostly in the upper 80s, lows in the 70s. South to South West winds at about 10 to 15 miles an hour. Current South Florida temperature reading is 85 degrees, the weather in a word, muggy, Joe Freed, WKAT Talk Radio News, State Hill now for Neil Rothschild. I'm an ATF-2 at WKAT on a Friday afternoon, June 10, 1977. I'm Neil Rogers and we're here from the 2 to 6 every day Monday through Friday and my guest for the first hour and a half this afternoon. His day counties consumer advocate Walter Garland and always a pleasure to have you on a program water and we're going to try to catch up on some of the things we talked about last time you were here. We'll talk a little bit about FPNL. We'll talk about the petition with the FTC concerning the Vega automobiles and some of the other things that you've been doing. We'll talk about automobiles insurance, which we could really take about 25 hours to discuss and I don't think strikes the surface. Everybody is up at arms about that. So before we do that, you told me you had some good news about grants that have been given for your office and of course I think all people in this community are interested in seeing the consumer advocates office get as much help as possible and be as strong as possible because let's face it. You're protecting all the consumers in this community. Maybe you can talk about that a little bit before we get into any specifics. I'm glad to be here to discuss those. These grants have just been awarded. The funds will be available as of July 1st and the first grant that I'm interested in is the one involving Latin consumers. We did a survey about a year ago to determine how the Latin community is responding to the services available by the county. We found that 87% of the Latins did not know that there was a consumer protection agency. They don't know the obvious younger than you'd realize the services. Based on that information, another data that we had, we applied for a grant through Title 1 of the Health Education and well fair and together with the Florida International University as a co-grantee, I've been funded to go out and develop a liaison with the various leaderships of the community so we can start disseminating consumer information, making people aware of the consumer protection agency. And thereby, e-fuck the response in the offices that we have, such as consumer protection agency, two of these people, higher additional Latins, justify that, put out Latins into the community themselves into the Havana, maybe Halea, where they'll be easy access to these people. This is a long, you know, overlooked area of consumerism. And I think it'll be, I think, FIU and young lady there by name of Latvia, Winslow will be assigned to work with me on that and she's released by FIU that do this and make it work. So I foresee a great success, hopefully a great success in the next year. Now the other thing involves a whole theory of education of the adult. And, you know, in grade school and high school, you can educate people through books and texts. But this time goes on, your education is obsolete. And, you know, every little family, every home, every individual is a business center, so to speak. And you have to make decisions every day that affect your lifestyle, affect the cost you put out and everything else. And you have to base that information you can receive as soon as possible. So if you're going to get involved in credit rights, let's say you're a gal and you want to know whether you properly turn down for credit because you're single and they won't give you a mortgage, you know, you can't go out and take a course and try to find out whether or not you're entitled to certain types of rights. And you probably won't find that booklet that's printed by the agency involved because that book was sitting on some shelf up in Washington where most of us don't go. And it's probably not available from the local agency because we probably stuck it in some corner and they can't retrieve it. And if she got one many years ago, she probably doesn't know herself where she put it and can't retrieve the information to get the data. Besides that, I've decided to become a bottom line type society. Everything is condensed. People on the way, it's a bottom line ABCD. How do I do it? Forget the theory and stuff. What are my rights? So to provide that type of information, we have gotten a grant and this will be done in the conjunction with the University of Miami and the Consumer Services Division of the State of Florida. It's a statewide program. We will develop one line, a be called Teleconsumer, similar to the Telemed concept, which has been successful around the country. And there will be a series of about 300 tapes initially that will list different subject matter, and discuss different subject matter. So if a person wants to get up on Saturday morning, this will be available to Saturdays. And if that person wants to determine what his rights are about having a car repair, he can go ahead and ask Vowels one statewide number, which would be toll-free. Ask for take number 32, for example. Take 32, we'll say, well now, before you go get your car repair, here are your rights. The man in the nest in it, here are entitled to have your parts returned. That's right, that's right. And then at the end, I'll say, if you need any further information, go to this other tape or I'll say if you need individual assistance, call this agency. So in that case, they call the local consumer protection agency. It's a federal agency. We're not going to give you the option of screwing around and trying to find the right agency. We're going to say here is the agency, and here is Vfo number. They'll give you additional assistance, because I have found either our office, may times we will bounce around from office to office, trying to find the person who's supposed to give us the answer so we can assist the consumer. And we want to avoid that. This is, I think the interesting thing about this is that we'll have one piece of literature, which will be available. We hope that every grocery store throughout the state. And that's the only thing you're going to have to keep in the home. We'll update it once a year, and it'll hopefully be the model T of what I hope will be a real prototype system. And when I say that, I mean, like for example, little calculators that you've seen, these little calculators, I bought one a couple of years back for $100. That's the same calculator I bought from my son for $12. And I think this phenomenon of micro electronics is going to show itself in the form of home computers. You're going to have a miniature computer in your home, and this little teleconsumer system. Well, eventually, it'll be so sophisticated, I think, in 10 years, you'll be able to achieve almost any type of consumer information you need at your fingertips when you need it, which are a critical criteria. It's great. We've gotten good response nationally about this program from business from around the country. A lot of interest, including in Washington, my address to consumer Federation of America last week. And I think it's a go thing. It's going to be a real positive asset for the consumer. You know, it sounds like some of the things that Jack Fresco talked about when he was here a couple of weeks ago, looking at the future. I disagree with him very strongly on some of the points that he made, but from the technological aspects, the kinds of things that he projected. I think that you're really talking about many of the things that he's projected, as far as shopping from the home. I think already there are some outfits like Playboy Club, I know, has a service where they have a toll-free number that people can call, for example, if you want to buy a refrigerator or a stereo or a television set. And you remember of the club, you have access to a toll-free number. And they have a computer and they can instantly find out the lowest possible price available on say, well, whatever brand television set or refrigerator. And I guess you're right in the near future, maybe not as far off as we think that people are going to be able to do that right in the home. I really feel that 10 years, what we have, and it's just to get a gadget for you now, in 10 years, the guys right will be inventorying all of our stuff at home. And as soon as you use up your cambals to consume. And you want some more of it, it'll light up and it'll print out a list for you to go shopping. How you do is take that list, slip it into your local grocery stores, access whatever it is cable, and they'll order it and deliver it. That's going to be it. I don't know, that almost would make it fun. One thing you talked about on the first segment of the grants you were getting in regard to the Latin community. And I think it applies not only to the Latin community, but to the overall community in this county or in any county, is that it is so darn difficult to get the message across to the people as far as what services are available. Just to tell the people, hey, we are here, we're here for this purpose. That's got to be a very difficult thing for you to do for any agency to do. But when you consider that the consumer protection agency has been in existence for many years. Their maze has talked to hundreds of people and thousands of people and exposure they get every time they get involved in a consumer protection type situation. And then you look at the survey, see how many people realize that there is an agency around. It is appalling. And that's why I've been this teleconsumer deal. Eventually I can see this tied into governmental services. There may be just one simple booklet you have to carry around and one simple number that you can get all the information you need from. There was our teleconsumer, the reason they can't include government services, you need trash, garbage, insurance problems. By that tape, the message could not apply to governmental services as well as pure consumer products. And in our society, there is so much information that there is no one source that has all the data right now. There is no one pushing go to the agency and we call ourselves specialists. But if you ask me some of these federal bills, I have to honestly tell you, I don't know off hand. I have to check it out. So if we pre-take that information, pre-computerize it, we can then have it spit out back at us and we can retrieve it. But it's a problem. It's frustrating. Like we talked about last week, last week about we were here, the last time here, about Rusty Automobile. Terrific response. Right? I mean, we got calls coming in all afternoon and it calls coming in all the next day and a day after it dribbled over. And unfortunately, the people who listen were informed that they don't no longer have to accept a Rusty Chara as a natural phenomena. But there are alternatives and they can start demanding them. But yet, what about hundreds of thousands of people who didn't hear that about right? How are they going to be informed? Most many of them will never be informed. It's true. We're going to stop for just a second and we'll come back and we'll talk about Florida power and life, one of my favorite topics. And about the number of other things here where they counties consumer advocate Walter Dartland. It's two nineteen at WKAT. We'll come right back. Hello, general finance friendly Bob Adams speaking. Clear powder calling Bob. Claire. The people about the home in sunny valley. Oh, yes. Bob, remember how you said you was a valley. It's a lot of rain. The valley's getting a lot of rain. I'm going back today. Interesting. You know, much. What is it? It's going to be a lot of rain. You're going to have a very strong story, Bob. But these cover is a right on top of me. What are they doing, building an arc? Mrs. Potter. Well, I haven't thought it would be smart. I mean, he's actually peeing like it. So we're having a heavy rainy season, but it'll pass. Right. I'm going to show it. I don't think we can have a money to pay you. That's the other thing. Bob, we have to have a loan to finish the thing. Oh, yes. You know an emergency loan or whatever. Sounds like a transportation loan. Can you help us out Bob? You can always get a little help from a friend at general finance. This he noffuses in the Miami area. Call friendly Bob to borrow up to $2,500. $75.18. $6.01. Okay. We are back at 20 minutes after 2 at WK. T.N. are Friday afternoon. I'll talk a little bit about Florida power and light. There is good news. And there is some bad news. I hadn't been aware of all of the good news until we had a chance to chat a few moments ago. But we do know there's going to be another rate increase. Not nearly what they would have liked. But I guess it's going to be what? $34 a month on the phone bill on a electric bill. The average electric bill isn't going to be more than that. Because they asked for, I think they got about $50. They're increases about 52 to 55 percent of what they asked for. It's about the same range it was last time. And it'll be a sliding scale type of increase. The more you use, the higher the user, the more you're going to pay. And greater the difference. And smaller the user, the smaller the difference. So it's definitely a staff. I think this case, I think service commission definitely. I think file staffs recommendation on the rating increase. They didn't appear to give much that much consideration to the public council's position. Know that much consideration to the companies position. They seem to file staff. I'm a pretty much what along with that. What is the good news after all about? I know everybody's wrenching their hands. And very upset about it being anticipated this $4 a month or more or $68. If they already. In other words, really what it boils down to to put it in its proper perspective is that if you already have a high electric bill, you're going to be heard that much worse because obviously you're using more electricity for whatever reasons they may be. And now you're going to get heard worse than the guy who hardly uses any at all. That's right. It's a let's look at this energy thing in perspective. You know, when we got when we intervene in the four of power lights suit. I think the response position we could take was that we knew that the company was going to get a rate increase. When you knew the nuclear plant was in effect, when you knew that it goes in the right base and they're going to get 80 or 90 million immediately. And they would be entitled to some other cost inflation or anything else. This is a weak, we can all recognize that in the average person says, I know that. The problem I had in my mind and which we attacked was once the rate increase is given. How is a rate structure going to be shuttle to take into consideration certain social factors that we think should be relevant in the society? If you recall, you know, lifeline for example was when it comes up we push very heavily. We had a petition out and we got in two weeks, 45, 46,000 signatures in a very short time. We made a presentation to the public service commission which was not, which was well put together. We worked hard on that presentation which I made statements other people testify. And we tried to emphasize that the public service commission that there is a growing unrest among the populists in coping and being able to cope with their bills. I think we consider an estimate I've made which has not been agreed by two by many people. I think electrical rates will go up 300% and 10 years starting since before the rate increase. I already feel that next 10 years we can see energy rates go up 300%. So many figures percentage increase. They people on a low rank on scale and people on a fixed income scale are not going to be able to cope. And we have to induce their encouraged conservation. So the whole thrust of our petition was one lifeline, two peak-load pricing, three automatic intercept, four encouragement of alternate sources of energy. So it becomes more economical to put an end. And we asked the public service commission for God's sake to do that, give the consumer a chance to save. Well, I really feel good about what happened here because I think that Paul Ahawk is the chairman of the commission. It was very impressed with that presentation. Common she made during the hearings and after the hearings was that it was one of the best presentations she had seen. I mean, an impact and that way on two of the commissioners anyway. And when they passed their rate structure and one that they planned implement, they said that people who use 750 kilowatt or less are only going to pay roughly less than just about to less than a dollar more. Whereas people that use the $15 or $2000 kilowatt may jump 5 or $10 for doing it. Now what does that do to the average consumer? It says, okay, if I can keep under 750, I'm not only helping conserve energy by slipping under that because I'm using less than $19 before, but I'm also going to get the special lifeline rate which says everybody has to size and title to some minimum needs, food, shelter, water, which we have lifeline rates and some water cases here now, and electricity. It's a social concept, not strictly related to cost. We realize that, but we feel it's important in an necessity such as electricity, we're not dealing with an animal, be or something that's an extra thing. We're dealing with an necessity in the home. Now, as a rate goes up, it's used more electricity than the rate of increase goes up, so that it gets to the point where you can decide to get energy efficient appliances, for example. If you're a heavy user of electricity, because of these water, you may go to solar heating, it becomes more economical to switch to solar heating. And then getting cheap electricity, like they were before, with the other inverted rate structure, the more user cheaper it got. When you use a lot of electricity, what's the benefit of putting in solar energy? Because your paying are just small and increment. But now, with this difference in rate structure, you might say solar energy becomes much more competitive and we can encourage it. All we don't have scale, you'll be encouraged to use the block below you and cut down. Everybody be able to look at their bills and say, where am I at on the schedule? What can I cut? What other substitutes can I put in? If that point of view, I think for us, take it a big jump forward. I'd be happy to consider. There's a lot to do yet. We should be giving the option of using electricity off peak to get discounts now. And I think that's going to come very shortly. And we should be able to assist a couple in other ways. The step has been made. Took a lot of pressure, a lot of work by the public and date. I think date calle systems are probably to be committed more in any other group of the state for making this issue very visible before the public service. Okay, but you say that in the next 10 years, the cost of electricity is going to go up 300%. You know, what's the average person going to do? What's the lower, well not at the bottom wrong? But what's the middle class person going to do when the price of electricity gets to the point? You see, from what you're saying, it sounds like everything in a short period of time, whether you're talking about automobile insurance, electricity, things that we really need are going to be priced out of the market. What's going to happen at that point? Well, any energy area as a cost, we know historically that usage over a period of time is sensitive to cost. So, and in certain large users have what's called, I'd like to simplify a flexibility of usage. They have the ability to cut down without really hurting themselves. For example, the county now has embarked on an energy conservation program. They have hired an energy coordinator, MoLip, who is now a full-timeer can at. The county, just by using common sense effort, is going to save a million bucks possibly in the first year. And the second or third year, you're going to save two or three million dollars, because they have this flexibility. They can cut, instead of having a brightly lit room where you don't need it, for example, with tons of lighting, which then needs more air conditioning to take out the heat from the lighting. They can put in lighting levels that are reasonable for the usage that is being done in that room. They can close garage doors instead of keeping them open at the air conditioning air conditioning in terms of the Miami. Common sense things where people just don't think about it, and people do that at homes too. They leave lights on. The ovens are heated in their air condition. They use air conditioners are not rated most of it. 5 EER and the efficiency ratios 5, which is very poor. They're building air conditions with double the efficiency now. And the law requires, by the way, in Florida, by regulation that every air conditioner be labeled as to its energy efficiency ratio. But the public might not know it. They go out shopping. And they look at an air conditioner. This one costs 100 hours less. They buy the cheaper one. Not knowing that at lifetime cycle costs that thing is going to be horrendously more expensive. Again, going back to our information retrieval, they could maybe punch out the alternative air conditioners. They come up with a best buy in terms of lifetime costs or at five year costs, whatever it is. So you're going to see terrific changes in use of insulation and encouragement to go into solar to windmill. Option of source energy because of the high costs. But the market, the free market system do it. But at the meantime, we have to protect those who can't cope with it. That's a little guy. It doesn't maybe have air conditioning in Miami. It's a poor family. And he uses heating and water in primary that. And we're saying that guy, keep it under 750 by the way. And we're going to keep your rates as low as possible. We've been having creases for an indefinited time. It's to encourage you to get there. And we're going to do the same for the guy uses a thousand kilowatt. You know, a standard of a thousand. We're going to be better off than guy uses 1500. So do something in your home to say that incremental cost. So there will be an adjustment in area when you get the things that got them will be on church. You know, the whole different ballgame. Got them will be on church system is collapsing. There's no way to adjust to it except for the very wealthy now. Most people in the day kind simply cannot adjust to the cost of living there. And there are no alternative programs to give the consumer a chance to adjust to auto insure. You to pay it, but you don't have it. And so that's a completely different type of thing. Yeah, but isn't it going to be the same thing. Say for a middle class family that in 10 years if what you project is true. It winds up with 150 to 200 dollar electric bill every month and just can't afford that punishment. In fact, maybe it'll be more like 300 because I know many middle class families with a fairly sizeable home that pay a hundred dollars a month. The four bedroom home and the suburbs right now. I wouldn't be surprised as suburbill is a hundred fifty regularly. Okay, so let's say three times that is four hundred fifty dollars a month. Well, I can't think of too many middle class income families that can afford to pay four fifty five hundred dollars a month for electricity. So really it boils down to the same thing because if they don't pay the bills just like with the auto insurance FP now is going to come along and say audio so we're going to disconnect. You're not going to have it. I like to listen to that that assuming that wages will not go up as fast as energy costs. I think that's a fair assumption. The way things are going to go particularly initially. I think what you're going to see is a government pushing incentives for all units which is really what we're going to like to really see us. Get away from this shall we say the imposition of rates by having one source of power. You know, it's sort of a. Well, you say it's constrained. Yeah, one source of power. We have to develop other source to the indie pennant of this one power source. So we're talking about solar. And I think we're going to see the government come up with incentives. So to say, okay, put in water heaters. Do this for power. See a lot more money pumped into solar energy and alternate sources to get us over the hump. So eventually I can say if you have a solar water heater for hot heating, hot water heating. Once you put it in, you may only use it 10% of the time. Well, through the power company. I said, you'll have enough water used from the deal. And a life cycle costs will pay for themselves very rapidly. If you know, if the government helps us to do that, it takes doesn't. I charge property taxes on it. Other things. We'll develop those means. But the other middle class consumer when you talk about things like auto insurance, he is definitely not going to be able to cope. I mean, that less than income goes up drastically. You can't take a guy 15,000 dollars a year in charge of $15,000 insurance. Okay, well, stop for a second. And we'll talk to you as long as we work our way into that. We'll talk about that next hour. Yesterday is the county's consumer advocate water darlin. 28 and a half till three a w k a t and as I mentioned to you, yesterday on the program on Wednesday, July 6th, just under a month away. Bill's Ibell is going to be our guest. He's been with us a couple of times before. And of course, Bill's Ibell operates the four health testing centers of American health that we've talked about on his program for over a year now. And they're making some very important changes up there. They're constantly revising their approach so they can be of better service to the people of South Florida. And of course, many of you are familiar with the health screening tests. They've been providing for the past year plus and the very low rates that have accompanied them. And now they have five full time Florida registered positions on their staff to serve you. And they're going to be converting all of their locations over to complete minor illness centers so that they can be again complete service from a preventive medical approach and also from a treatment approach. And we'd like to remind you if you'd like to find out more information about the services that they offer. If you'd like to take advantage of any of the tests that they offer, you must call first. And they have a toll free number from day that number is 944-7125. 944-7125. Or if you're up in Broward, call their central location in Hollywood at 921-7778. And be sure to mark the date on your calendar Wednesday July 6th when Bill's Eyebele will be on the program to a clock on that afternoon with a very exciting news from American Health Association. We'll come right back. It's here all day and now all night live, talk six nights a week. WKAT joins forces full time with the mutual broadcasting system. The world's largest radio network to bring you the finest news information and sports. Plus, the long-time nebel show live from New York at midnight to five thirty the next morning Monday through Saturday night. Weekdays, long-time nebel is followed by Miami's news-oriented morning program the in-forer as it begins one half hour earlier at five thirty a.m. All your other WKAT favorites will stay at their regular times. Except, speak out Miami, which will begin one hour earlier at nine p.m. followed by Long John Nebel at midnight. We're proud of our new weekday lineup. It's better than ever before. WKAT talk radio and mutual if we sound bigger, it's because we are bigger. WKAT talk radio thirteen sixty on your amdile. It's time for a new car. Jefferson National Banks have the lowest rates on new car loans. Jefferson National Banks serving all of date county. Lowest rate new car loans because we care. Jefferson National Times WKAT is two thirty four. Walter Darlin is my guest and we're talking about multitude of things that are concerned to consumers throughout the county and the automobile insurance is something we're going to tackle for a while here all the way. Don't know whether we're going to come up with any kind of positive suggestions. The legislature certainly has been able to do that. People are more confused now than they were back on April 5th when the legislative session opened. I get people who call me almost every day to ask what are these bills mean? The bills that the house and the senate have put together and what's going to happen if the governor doesn't sign it and what's going to happen if he does. People are so confused and it's a damn shame that this legislature hasn't had the foresight to be working before they convened in April to have study groups really coming up with possible alternatives and studying what's happening in other states because from all appearances regardless of whether they stay whether they extend for another three months this year we're not going to get any kind of reasonable relief from the auto insurance problem that we have in this state of my right. See the problem with the legislature as they went up there and insurance comes before a certain committee and that committee has many other things to consider besides insurance. When you're looking at insurance you're talking about complex problem requiring a lot of studies and somehow you've got to shove this information to every legislator for him to consider the digest and come up with the solution. And unfortunately in telehassy the real input up there for the digestive process legislative digestive process we're going to call that is basically from lobbyists and what we see in telehassy is generally that providing the material for this process are the attorneys this case are very heavily involved and the insurance companies are very heavily involved. The consumers point of view is practically left out except the extent that they legislators perceived the consumers point of view through their daily context. And it's unfortunate because to really make any meaningful reform and they were aware this was necessary. They really should have started a special committee not talk about the commerce committee studying it. But they should have had a each house or they had a joint insurance study committee as a start as they could come in with some proposals. I'm not too sure that would have done much anyway because those people would have been subject to the same lobbying pressures as anybody else but at least they could have worked on it for a longer period of time. Well you know what's happening now it looks like liability insurance is no longer going to be mandatory. And I predicted when I heard that many months ago that if that happens the rates for those people who want to carry liability are going to go way way to heck up. I mean it doesn't take a genius to figure that out because there are going to be fewer people who are going to opt to carry and therefore the insurance companies are going to have to compensate for that by charging more. And you've got a vicious cycle so that means people are going to have one or two choices. One thing they will have to carry evidently is going to be the PIP personal injury protection which is going to be minimal cost. But then the dilemma is going to be do I do as maybe 30 to 40 50 percent of the people are doing in the state now and play Russian roulette. Do I go out and subject myself to all kinds of personal loss if I have them for bid should cause an accident cause personal injury to somebody else. Or do I take that chance and I go out there and drive around my merry way with no liability insurance. And this is a dilemma that people are going to have to face and I think most people are going to opt for the latter. They're not going to have the liability insurance because number one they're not going to be able to afford it. And number two they're just going to be figure well. Most of the people are in the same boat as I am so I'm going to take the chance. You see I think legislature especially outside of date and Palm Beach and Roud County didn't receive the problem correctly. They look back to 1968 before we had compulsory insurance. And at that time only a small percentage of people running sure. However at that time the rates were also quite low. So there was no reason to be undershared. Now they say well that work then should work now in a free enterprise system. If we don't make a compulsory they companies will have to fight for it. Stuff like that. That's not true now because you have different parameters. Now the average insurance for the day you weigh alone is 800 and some dollars in your J.W.A. fund. So the average rates have gotten sky high. Now I still I've always felt the half the people in a given time running sure in this county. And I maintain that and I think we have good basis for that estimate. However I've also felt that based on a survey we have taken locally in in the six county area. That the uninsured rate will go up another 10 to 15 percent because of the non-compulsory insurance. Many people feel coerced to keep it now because they don't know how to get false stickers. They don't know how to play the game about paying your premium deposit, letting it lapse, waiting for a year and a half before they catch up with you from L.A.H.C. and then doing again or moving a getting a false box number up in Virgo Beach. And getting a license issued in that box number and having insurance as saying you're a box. A Virgo Beach resident getting a low rate. They haven't been sophisticated enough or show us how to sign up to some times to the Fali system. So what they're going to do now is they're not even a loot to that anymore. They're going to say well I can't afford $1500 or $1,000 or $1,000. I won't carry it. And most people's pocket books the rates are now prohibitive for the average person earning under $15,000. Some of those rates are just almost impossible and they will opt out. And they will find ways to the wealthier now if they've hit near 20. They find ways of putting their money into some of the else's name into a trust of some sort. And most people are really judgment proofing you think about it. They were just to think about it and they're educated. They're almost judgment proof. They can't touch your house. One car. They get your car. Your home furnishings and your personal books are exempt. If you're ahead of household, your Virgo Beach resident. Terrius injury. Over and above whatever he may be covered for personally. Let's say he has you know, $10,000 claim that he or nearly would file. The other guy isn't going to be Scott Free. So what's going to happen to the guy who's the victim of the accident? We're going to have a real problem because with a victim of the accident, we'll have anybody to sue. He'll have to carry his own insurance for uninsured motors coverage. That uninsured motors coverage will rise substantially. You know, as more and more people are insured. So the guy's going to be paying a double load. 40% remaining in shorter 35% going to pay for the other people. You know, to sue them, they could be sued. You know, they're going to cover insurance or protect themselves from the guy who's uninsured. Also, you're going to get your train double load. But the crisis comes in, you know, he was was happening before that. The guy who was severely hurt now. Before you get none composing, he's still not protected against the other guy. The guy on the had a carry 10, 20, $10,000 might bite you by a broken leg. But any severe injury, you never had any real protection of the tort system anyway. And when it led you say to throw these big examples of it, like, yeah, who was crushed in the car, public bonus crush, and everybody will carry children and stuff like that. That is such a small minor number of people that and those people had a hit a wealthy client anyway. Yeah, they had a target defendant as we used to call them before you could got any kind of damages like that. You have to have a lucky, you know, the idea is, people should be signing a back. Don't hit me. Don't hit me. I don't have any insurance. If the guy's got a hundred and two hundredth insurance, he can be hit. Because it took that for two of us luck in the past. It took to make it recover. A lot of the whole approach is so regressive. For example, also tied into this bill as a business about raising the fine for a speeding ticket, for example. That's about up to $55. I'll tell you why this is in consistent. You know what they said in legislature? Same legislature said, one, you cannot consider points in deciding your insurance premium if there's a taxid. So they say points are irrelevant. This is an accident. They turn around and say, however, for a purpose is a good guy fund. We are going to assess you 30 or 40 or 50 hours extra for every laws he point you get. So they're inconsistent. And the money is not going to go back to date proportionately. I could shoot because we paid higher. I could go back to the county. Each county has it because you have to go back to the county and be pro-rated. So we wouldn't even get back the right amount of money that we're supposed to get for the process. And that's that kind of that question you brought up shows a totally consistency and the e-logic of the whole legislative process in this issue. And how really far field they went. And you know, like I can say about this, you know, I'm penalizing nothing. I get a ticket right now. I don't need to have other 30 dollar thing tack down. Especially if I made a right turn because I forgot to look up there and says a sign is no right turn between these hours. And some dumb thing like that. Well, I tell you, you're going to have such tremendous hostility. Because, you know, maybe they think that this is going to make people drive more carefully. It's going to cut down on accidents. You know, as well as I do that that isn't going to be the way it's going to work. And there's still are going to be police cars sitting on the Julia-Tetal Causeway behind the bushes and another parts of the county behind the bushes with their radar waiting to get you going six or seven miles over the speed limit. And the poor sucker who comes along and gets hit with that not only is going to get hit with a 55 buck fine, but then he's going to have the multitude of all the other problems that you just mentioned. You know, this is no way to run a railroad. Yeah, they forgot to look at step ahead. Let's take poor guy who can't afford insurance and decides to go no insurance. He has an accident. At that point he must carry insurance, right, which is going to cost him a full. Where the hell is he going to get? Where is he going to get that insurance? He essentially has to go in the J.way right now. You have one ticket in the day. You got one no fall of accident even. You get put in the J.way. It's practically no free competitive market here. So you're going to the J.way and that's going to be raised. That's a 25 now. It's going to go up even further. So this guy who couldn't afford insurance before is even going to be less able to afford it now. He's got lawsuit to defend. He's got defend himself somehow because a guy may sue him for reckless and wanting this regard. You know the only ones who are going to benefit from all of this. The MTA is going to have a field day because everybody is going to leave their car home and take the bus. We're going to stop for just a second. It's 245 at WKAT. Most of our lines are there already. And we'll go to the phones in a moment. We have a couple of lines available in day 6-7-4-9-5-8 with my guest. They can count and consume our advocate while the DARTLAND will be right back. This is Chris Myers at WKAT Sports. Witing you to enjoy a major league baseball tonight on WKAT. The exciting Atlanta Braves that got on the Philadelphia Phillies is they try to get back on top and the national league is. It's the first of three weekend broadcast at all starts tonight. Right here on WKAT 1360 on your AM dial. If you're a sports fan, you'll be here. WKAT's family is a big family. WKAT's family is a big family. WKAT's family is a big family. WKAT's family is a big family. WKAT's family is a big family. Even if you're not doing anything special, doesn't mean your weekend can't be special. Sometimes the best weekends just happen. Especially if you just happen, they have make a low-bond hand. WKAT's family is a big family. Start in red snow, which indicates the work shouldn't beDIT-2. So, this week, it's a painful week for home development once again. We're back to eachother with D.C. the conversation about auto insurance that we didn't have a positive solution, but I'm sure you've got some ideas of your own and maybe we can throw those out and hear what our listeners have to say and maybe some of our listeners have got some suggestions. One of the things I've done is that they let her to fill her with his next president and to hide Brown Speaker, Designate, and to Bill Gunner, the Commissioner. And I've outlined a 41-point program that I think needs to be instituted. We have to start off with, as you suggest, initially, an intelligent approach and you're not going to get it by a point on a bunch of legislators invested interest to a special committee. I suggest that they appoint a citizens committee, made up of people who do not have vested ties to any of these industries, to review the entire program, all in in terms of auto safety, how does that contribute to accidents? Road building, but other states, how they're doing it, where the inferior success is compilers information. Determine, for example, whether or not the tort system is really dead. Should we really keep the tort system? Who is a tort system really compensating? Are our victims really being compensated? Or is this an illusion? We get we have to find this out. We get the rhetoric and the examples and the jury trial type approach. That's the good the fact. Secondly, should we really have a state-end deputy fund? Should we just do away with private insurance companies? And set up a state-end deputy fund where you should personally be compensated as you're on the workman's comp now. You get your medical, you get your disability, and then you'll get a certain amount for certain types of injuries. With a soft tissue, with a loss of an eye, loss of a leg, you'll be paid a flat amount. And you can still sue for reckless and willful, rotten, or intentional tort you can still sue for. But we should take a look at that. We should look at the auto repair section. Is it auto repair as a big part of your premium? Maybe we need to set up something like a county or a state-exit evaluation centers where you can have your body accent evaluated by experts. And that's a free pay. And maybe the L-cost-pressure, a unified pressure against the auto companies to provide parts that are cheaper, instead of having a central monopolized system where you can only buy from GM, you can't get it from the distributor. And maybe we can get some standards in automobiles so that they last wrong. They don't fall apart when you bump them. And we need better bumpers and better safety equipment. So one bump on the side doesn't mean $300. Unscrew the darn thing and put another bump around. There are another fender up. We need to look at those things and the pressure. So this program has been sent out to those people. And to the extent that they review these and study them, we should have, and I've just recommended, that this be done immediately, and that they have this commission report to legislator within 12 months so that they can act on it in a touch of manner at that time. And that's the only, I think, practical way of approaching it now in the meantime. And next year, we got a disaster. We'll be able, this will be a real study if you tell that you're in the big town. Speaking of disaster, just to test on one quick other point before we take a call, you mentioned to me off the earlier about hit and runs, where we've already had an increase, where people are going to be petrified whenever they have an accident to stay at the scene so if the opportunity arises, they're going to beat it if they can. And, you know, this just creates a lot of power. So, in a way, as long as I car go away, people will get away with it and it's showing up already in a hit and runs statistics that people are getting out of the accident, disappearing if they hit you. And this is going to increase even further when there's going to be sued. And remember now, every person who's a kid insurance, these insurance, they pay for your attorney to defend you. Now you will even have that. You've got higher in attorney. And that may mean one or two thousand dollars, out of your pocket to be defended, and you got to be very careful. You can go bankrupt after a judgment for ordinary negligence and clean out your debt. But if that attorney throws in a clause and that complaints saying that you willfully and wantingly, clause he accident, you know if that's not true. And you don't defend the laudy fault judgment. It won't be discharged in bankruptcy. So, you have protect yourself. That's what I call a smart. Let's take some calls. See what our listeners have got rattling around. I'm sure most of it will be about auto insurance. Hello, WKAT. Hello? Yes. What's the damage known? Mr. Darwin? Yes. What's your show? Make a lot of sense. It would be nice if what you've been speaking about here could be recorded and the purpose publicit because I think your discussion is very important. Any risk could give the lead to the slature. And I think this, that is, well, what position is a dog there on this? What position is a dog in the church on these things? Mr. Darwin? Do you know? Yes. The automobile or... I suppose what you're speaking about is the new legislation not a kind of half of your position? Yes. Well, that is the position of the legislature. Not a governor. Hasn't taken that position. I personally don't see what a veto or anything else will do. That's probably the governor's concern. I don't see how, you know, I think it's too late. I think we either way, but they left things as they were or change them as they are, I don't think the day county person will be able to cope with the problem. One of the details is these new things, which you said about the releases as it was, wasn't it? That's right. Well, now, uh, a color mix, a dressing line on a delegation that is by the, uh, the governor's for a conference. Well, we have essentially done that through the slutter to the top legislator's and to the insurance commissioner. And I think it's a good idea. I hadn't sent a copy to the governor. Well, I think I will do that. So he's aware of it. Well, I suggest that there will allow a delegation to call on him. Well, that might, I just hadn't thought about the governor's. I just, uh, but I will inform him of it. And it may be that as a result of this 41 point program, and I'm presenting, that they may want to get together and discuss it. And I would hope that this would be something positive. And that's a good, that's a good thought. Well, now I can't, that's what these very people in the legislature pass these things. We ought to know the names around because the election will punish an election with over the other. Well, Sir, all you have to do is open up your newspaper every day. And over that, that's the day. What we made is not, uh, allow, not these like a, a what the name, and these are blind starts up. And you're letting it go on the coalition. Now, they have to call it. You've got to go in. Now, I ask you this. Under these, uh, uh, uh, uh, what is the card now insurance clause? And then the policy, what do you call that? Yes. I'm sure the uninsured motor is caught. Well, uh, I have back that. You're a little bit to do the pay off. Like, uh, what is that thing where you, uh, forget about. And then you, uh, you, you, you have insurance and they, they've got so much to begin not to go with the coalition. The position. Yes. There's no, they're, like, there's a collage. Yes, they do. But you have to pay for that. Yes. But I mean, uh, uh, uh, uh, there, there's an, it is an actor to what the name indicates. Uh, uh, I was, uh, that was by someone. They're getting one. I have all that kind insurance. But, uh, uh, what is the, uh, collision, uh, collision deductible? Yeah. They, well, they didn't probably give you coverage. They, they, they, they, they pay your full amount. Now, no, they don't go, uh, they, uh, they, they say, they're first. I think there's something to speak to in that clause, right? I didn't engage that to the doctor, but I'm only true. Now, it saves the name after our Jewish hearing guy makes more sense of those things. I got very good, uh, we don't get the picture that you will, you will just stop. Yeah, that's true. We're talking about information. That's true. The, uh, it's tough to get that information. The average time. So, the case here, I'm going to have to move on. I thank you for your call. We're going to Brown. Hello. Thank you. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. It may not be a bad idea. You know, that that thought has never really crossed my mind. I'd have to really, you know, I get good ideas from the public, by the way, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't that original sometimes. I think so. But the idea of a competitive. You carry your own system, we carry that, uh, it's, it's conceivable. I have to really think about the competitive systems, whether or not the state should compete. Come on, uh, I mean, it did, the, um, the only thing they could do when in glad that they did it to have the compulsory, uh, draft, because this will, gives the insurance the opportunity to show that they will by advertising and offering competitive break to show that what can be done to help the people not if they didn't do that and the way they would have kept it with compulsory the rates would have so hard so high that was the disaster in this I guess the whole state but certainly so far and I'm glad that they did that the way that it was the only thing to do it was saying well unless a person has a loopy has some health insurance they will not be allowed to come into a hospital or unless they have a burial pot they are going to bury the person. Let me just comment that I think you're your interest here I had had a business my thought on that because I think maybe the cure here nature not to be worse for that poor person then then the situation and I would have favored the criminalization I don't think a person should be a criminal when I think of a 40 when we now don't make it compulsory will have to look at the situation as devops and see to what extent people who are sued now and don't have insurance get clobbered and maybe clean down indefinitely. Another thing is the tickets that they give out so free they can act and now the judge is the county judges and took over the municipal court to try to point out that there's a great savings when they dismiss a lot of these cases in case of the don't have any substance from the tickets you offer to the right if the scene and this is a great savings in paperwork and in the employees on the time and yet the police are complaining about the revenue but there is a great savings they are not pointing out there and the county judges are trying to get to the people and the savings and all the paperwork. I think the judge is I've watched operate have a very very fair to the people that take a specific system for a minute to talk about it. The ticket system to me is totally irrelevant at this time. It's not going to have an accident. The only relevant factor for accident purposes should be your accident record and not your ticket. And therefore you see if that was true you see you wouldn't mind having a very simple civil procedure and paying a fine and sending it in if it didn't if it didn't reflect in your insurance record and I don't think it should. We are doing a study in our office and I can't reveal all the results of the event tab in the initial study show that for example speeding on the expressway has a very small correlation to the number of accidents for that month and the number of tickets for speeding is so large that it referred to small number of acts as speeding expressway causes that the relationship is rather irrelevant. We'll talk about that more. I want to expand on that when we come back. I thank you for calling man. We're out of time this hour. Our guest today is day count a consumer advocate Walter Garland and Walter will stay with us till 330 this afternoon. We'll take some more calls and talk more about that problem when we come back after the news at about 10 minutes past three here on the talk of Miami. This is WKAT Miami Beach, Miami 1360 on the dial. The new annual auto flight will continue to check kick search. Don't worry about the setup at the end of our video you can switch addict all of us back with you for hour and number two this afternoon and my guest until 330 is Walter Darland, they can't even assume we're advocate we've been talking about the Florida power and life and talking about automobile insurance and almost all our deadlines have lived moments so I think we'll try to squeeze in as many calls if you can give him brief because the water has some other engagements things to take care of and he will be with us only go 330 so we'll try to get to as many of you as we can. Hello. Hello. I'm talking about all the violent insurance. We've had three companies within the last six years two of them because of non-renewing in the state of Florida. Now we have a third company and submitting a new application I had the two violations that the other members of the family had. Well the insurance was up to $1,400 which occurred a lot in investigation they just notified me yesterday they have uncovered two other violations which I honestly didn't remember they're adding on another $933. Does that have to be paid and not- Come on Jackson said you had your phone. No accidents. You're again there goes the inequity of the tickets and the accidents. I've been as a traveling salesman he travels at least 50,000 miles a year and he has never had a violation of a total one that he had even forgotten about that was about two years ago. Let me just comment on the thing. They company say three years. What is a basis of three years? You just reminds me of the 44 pound limit on airplanes. You can take 44 pounds on airplanes. Why? After airlines. Well they don't know it's just a rule. It must be some reason to check the history you find out that was the weight limit on the old Wells Fargo stage coach. So why three years? Why not two or one hour a year every year review you're saying we don't know that there's any basis for that. Right now you say tickets were by your husband and yourself. I've been in my son. How old you're son? You're old son and see live at home? I hate at home. I have to move them out. You don't have to move them out. I tell you they get a lot of anymore. You two for the have him. A live summer house. If any people are doing so. Once he's in your household they will attack him on as long as he's in your house. He's not your household. Well we've had him with us for the past two years to do the job. Well yeah I've had my kids for 14 years. Big alone a throw them out when they're 20. But you don't have any recourse Mr. Dartmouth. We have if you call my office we have a shopping list of companies and they're and if we have a list of those two the high and lows if you're given a call island up for living in their ran or anybody they'll give you a quote which comes up here to have a low straight check with them and see what you can get. Because it's unfortunate about those tickets and that's a problem. They're going to stick you in J.U.A. check your policy too if you would. Yeah. You'll be sure you're not in the joint underwriting fund. We are in there. Are you out in there? I mean and that was before uncovering these two. So they stuck you in J.U.A. right off the bat. Right. And I think your only choice right now is to try to get that list for a month. Try some of those companies and see if any of them will underwrite you. Sometimes it depends on timing. They will take certain risks a early part of the year where they won't take later part of the year they use up their quota and very sorry. The systems they have to limit their liability in their credit. But you're the type of person that unfortunately is what we're faced with. The high premium. I thought it didn't have a tax. I mean the 30 years and have yet to have a ticket. And that's and you're stuck with everybody. I don't get any compensation for that other than my own pride. I would like to say also we're going to be doing a national program with the National Television at Thursday year. This is who are not caring insurance because they simply can't afford like this later year. We had a drop at because he's high across a hammer. I haven't yet. I haven't yet but I like a year per week. $103 by the 16th of June. Now it may not just ask you one question. We have already put a down payment of some 500 dollars and we're paying out the balance of the 40000. You're mortgage your house? Not yet but with the 900 I would have to sell one of the children. Does that mean now if I should drop this or you know look the recoil that I lose my down payment? They would have to purerate a certain point that to you back. It would have to do that. I'm sorry because your stuck, you're in a situation where you can do some shop around and shopping around in any cases they call you as an illusion. It's good for us to consume or to tell you that but it is actually an illusion in many cases. Now I can do a say try these companies which are the lowest price companies. Can see if they'll take it. If they don't and you'll see I mean they're just isn't that he market-free. Well it is just not just a point. I mean I pride myself on being a law-abiding citizen but they just don't give you any other reports. I'll go to you. Thanks for calling. Thank you. Bye bye. You might want to give you a number right now water so that people who are in the same boat can call it number. It's 576. Well 579 I'm sorry 579. 4206. 579. 4206. Okay well taking another call. Hello. Yes. I was very happy to receive my copy of the by-laws. They Florida Consumers Federation. Yes, and I thought it would be pregnant to bring the subject up at the moment of course you can explain much better than I. I'm really glad you did and I hadn't but we have formed a statewide for consumer federalization. We do need members because it's a very new thing and I think it's a beautiful thing that's happening in Florida. Now the gentleman who asked you to put your comments on tape if he would join the Florida Consumers Federation on show would be kept informed since you are Vice President. Yes, the good point. I'm sorry to mention that we are pushing the membership around the state to form an association that will lobby and that's why we'll not be tax exempt. So any contributions are not tax exempt to this organization. We intend to lobby legislators. We intend to put their voting record on consumer issues on the block and we intend to do this association to influence legislation. So it's a an active type of organization that we're looking for memberships so we can get a full-time director and to help us with this and we're looking for larger contributions from organizations such as neighborhood associations, economy and associations etc. And I want to thank you for reminding you about that. I hope that since you're asking for input from the members, I hope you intend like coming to us as nationally to list the legislators and tell us what they're voting records. You're absolutely right. That is one of our goals in addition. The only way we can punish them, those who collapse before the insurance lobbies, those who's conflict-eventsist as lawyers, prevent them from doing what we sent them up there to do. We will know they do that but we will of course try to set up like that. We will pull the membership early. It's up to top 10 consumer issues. Have legislation prepared on those 10 and then follow through and show how the grace I just say is reacted to those top 10 issues. Yeah, well I think it's very important that you list these people so we get to know just by reading the papers you can't get enough especially the Miami heroes. Okay dear, thank you. Have a good day. Bye. Hi. Three 18 and WKAT with the County Consumer Advocate Walter Darland and we will come right back. Your new address, the charter club on Viscayne Bay. Sound good? You should see it and feel it. At the charter club you can stay home with six beautiful acres overlooking Viscayne Bay for your personal and private use. Or you can enjoy all the entertainment and pleasure palaces in Miami Beach. And if you work in downtown Miami, your office is only 10 minutes away. Put your yourself at play on private, lighted tennis courts or handball courts or basking in the sun beside your swimming pool overlooking the bay. Oh the gentle breeze. Inside your charter club apartment lots of room and luxury, floor to ceiling windows, your own terrace. And here's the best part. You can rent it one bedroom on and a half bath for as little as $375 a month or buy it for as little as $44,000. It's the best value. It's your world the way you want it. The charter club, Julia Tuddle Cosway off Viscayne Boulevard. Models open 10 AM to 6 PM 7 days away. WKAT Miami Beach Miami. Slow down. 19 and a half after 3 and by the way in connection with that last call and I'm awfully happy to lady brought it up because otherwise I would never have stumbled into it. If you're interested in the Florida Consumers Federation and you'd like to get the information and how you can become involved and get the brochure that they will send you. Just called Barbara at the same number that Mr. Darlem gave out before 579-4206. And she will see that you get the information. Hello WKAT. Hi. Good afternoon. Hi. For you and your guests perhaps you both come in on this. Why the Florida Power and Light equates high usage of electricity with the obvious penalties you're going to use and equates with waste or extravagant for that matter. When it's trying to say the people who use the most of the high income bracket is an impossible just another of the amount of people who live in a home and it's a personal is alone and has a one room bedroom with one room window unit but I'm having income of 50,000 dollars. He's going to pay us more increase and if you have a family we've three teenagers who have to perform this along in a mediocre home that means that you're wealthy person because he's a more than here. So make me sense you? Yeah first of all just so we don't blame FPNL for this. You know we're the ones who push for the lifeline and it was the public service commission at finally implement FPNL I think was shocked to see it come into effect was rather surprised to my not but what we have done number studies relating you know like income to usage and there isn't a direct relationship you're right there on a poor family who let's say has an inefficient air conditioner and has inefficient appliances and maybe as a home with no insulation or other things we'll probably use a lot more energy than an equivalent size family which has energy efficient appliances it well insulated home and everything else we agree with that but we still feel that like in the community action project that we have going on right now where people can get their homes insulated with the aid of the federal government that our job is to educate the poorer families get them to have energy conservation homes in equipment and assist them in doing this educate them and then encourage them to reduce their demand and you see that in the success-colating schedule you know if you're using 4,000 kilowatts on your home that's a heck of a lot of kilowatts to use your home like the water user if you're an average water user you use 10,000 gallons if you're a couple or three people may use 4,000 but if you're using 100,000 gallons you're irrigating all your land and I don't want to pay for production of water for someone to irrigate his land the him irrigates land with his own money and I'm just concerned about the necessity but I could have done I wanted the family do that happen to have already been getting hit because of the amount of the members of the family itself because there are kids at home perhaps a mother within there support the one that all the child has to be taken all these meals have to be cooked as a force is a lot of fun okay why is it natural that it's directly correlated to wait for that to extravagant type of you know okay now if you're taking the assumption that let's see if a family of four or or down there is being as efficient as they can be and they can't get any more efficient and they're going to be hit by this right that when our proposal was submitted to the public service commission we put in to the formula into the package a number of rate reform concepts another one was peak load pricing peak load pricing would have said to that same family you're talking about listen you can help conserve addition to the lifeline concept you can't get down to the lifeline level we can help you conserve by giving you a say a one two thirds off power to be used during off peak hours so that family can then have their hot water heater going off peak hours they can have dryer going off peak hours they might even though housewife may even cook their off peak hours and just heat their food up during a peak load hours and and therefore they can take advantage of this cycle every day that occurs in in production and consequently in a cost of production so we only got half the lulton your perception is correct and we have to go up here the other half as I mentioned earlier is that's our next goal is a peak load pricing as well how about we finally realize the floor to so do the bansford fundraiser for for you