The date of the year. 610 WIOD Miami Fort Lauderdale. 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers show. To talk with you, I'll call 622 WIOD and date. 767 WIOD and gravity on this station. We're going to crack your entire whole number. It's a while to go to that. In somebody on the run and run, you'll say, not exactly, I think you're a little more, or you'd just leave the rest. The nation did somebody on this station. We call toll free at 1-88-474. It's a trailer park trash say, and now, the Neil Rogers show. Hey Brian, are you happy? I hate WIOD again. I'm so glad to be here. Are you sure? No, I'm not just following this tasteful. The dolphins are cursing and man. It's disgraceful because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying, It's not my fault. They're my fault. She got you, but the f***ers are lovers. They toss in the microphone, the dump button just can't seem to be left alone and all of this is because they like saying. So much f***, they got you, but the f***er. Okay. Oh, but they play football badly. I'm so wrong. How did the patriots kick their ass? So fun. Well, they make it to the Super Bowl. But with an attitude as bad as theirs. They're tossing our hopes down the stairs. Oh, man. No doubt. I'm not just following this tasteful. The dolphins are cursing and man. It's disgraceful because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying, It's not my fault. They got you, but the f***ers are saying. So much f***, they got f***ers. They're saying, it's not my fault. They got you, but the f***er are saying, It's not my fault. She got you, but the f***er are saying, So did somebody on this radio station, some cracker from some trailer park say crackhead Nigger Horror on a Ronanron show at about ten minutes before the hour or did I dream that? Was I having like hallucinations? Did I just imagine that? I mean, I realized that that show is geared strictly to a trailer park trash toward Redneck Yahoo's with big pickup trucks and dobermans. Oh, excuse me, I like dobermans. Pit Bulls. But I mean, what the hell was that? And then they left around here. That was the best part, okay? Redneck Central Baby. That's where it's at. Crackhead Nigger Horror. And the caller they were referring to was somebody that said, Hey, you guys, with your racist crap, you're all done. And you know what I think she had a point. I think she had a point. I mean, I could be wrong about that, but I think she had a point. In fact, my prediction is in just a few months there will not be one show left on this radio station that was on it. Back on September 30th of 1996. Anybody want to take me up on that? Other than, of course, what's the one we got on a toy's for? Goi, I'm. Hills still be on here. He's got the naked pictures that Stephen J. Gay. I understand that the new regime does not like those special interests. Okay, like I said, they're all out including that bitch I ring Richard. They don't like those shows. What they do like is some of what I heard last night again. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Did I tell you that Walter Saber was the anti-Christ or not? By the way, happy pace, I'm really pissed off at the Sunset or from putting these old Jews on a front page of the paper. Oh, hey, my, I mean, look, there's a Jew. Yeah, did you see that? You see what they got on a front page? All these, and if you read the caption, which nobody does, the headline says, celebrating the start of Passover. And it shows all these stone age old Hussitum there with their payouts and their heavy coats. And God, they must smell really good. And they got a fire going over there. They got the burning bush on fire. And it says, preparing for paystock, ultra-orthodox Jews in Jerusalem, used bonfires to burn 11 food items or objects tainted by them. Oh, my God, they're burning it over there. People are starving to death. They're a bunch of slippers over there. They haven't had a meat in their meal in the last six years. And they're burning crap because it's 11. So anyway, getting back to Walter Saber. And the stuff I heard last night, I mean, I hate to break the news to you. But all of these tight little cute topics that people are bringing up now, this topic driven, which I told you was going to happen and they denied it because they lie a lot. I told you, that's their idea of what it talks you was all about. Of course they're going to sell it anyway, so who cares? But what did I tell you? Oh, no, we're not going to do that. It was hot button topics, baby. So last night we had, what's your name? We had Aaron K. on and also the ski monster. He was not a bad guy, by the way. He's a pretty good guy. Kind of like dull on the area, you know what I'm saying? But nevertheless, she was talking about some story from Kansas about some guy that gave his girlfriend a $9,000 engagement ring. First of all, who in his right mind unless they're loaded, unless they're, uh, gives anybody a $9,000 ring. I'm going to stare out of their mind. And then they split up, does he get the ring back? And she's reading this article over and over. Somebody's going to call in a course like three or four in Cipid calls that we had here about water again. How they were house looking for houses and water doesn't want to send lease because they're not married any odd yaddi, yaddi. And then skiggits on Aaron, he's doing a thing about, um, about service in retailers. I really can't even tell you what the topic was. I can't put my finger on it. And all I hate to break the news to all these experts who have come in here to try to reinvent WIOD, which is what I predicted months ago, all of these tried little cute topics years. They've already been done over and over and over and over again. And they're viable by the way, which Walter Sabo is the president of. This talker's magazine, which you notice this is all over the building. Now, if you're where you look, there's another copy of talker's magazine. Even I'm on a mailing list now. So if we want to start our own bonfire, we got some good stuff. Here's the talker's 10. Here's the top 10 hot topics. Here are those hot topics that we can get those peaks of 20 shares with. Like buddy Budwood say, peaks of 20 shares. If we just listen to Walter, number one, Colts and Madness. Number two, science. Number three, politics and scandal. Number four, the legal system. Number five, conspiracies. Ooh, it must be the trilateral commission. It must be the new world order. That's responsible for that crackhead, Nigger Hor, calling that show this morning. Can you believe that? And they left around the year. That's the best part of the whole deal. You saw my reaction. Crackhead, Nigger, hole. What the hell is that? Man, oh man. Number six is natural disasters like the Ron and Ron show. Number seven is sports. So we don't want to talk about that, not here. Number eight, gay right to lifestyle. Number nine, arts and entertainment. Number 10, relationships and gossip. Those are the top 10. Those are the hot topics they're going to put WI do over the top. I say, by the way, Phil, Henry and could have been here today. He's doing a deposition. So that's why I played that thing at the beginning. Just, you know, for a little while, stalgia. For a little while, stalgia, because, you know, what? Back in those days, back before this new regime took over. When Rick and Suds were struggling in the morning, but nevertheless doing okay. And I was sitting here, fumbling along in the mid days with seven and eight cheers. And Phil, Henry was in the afternoon entertaining the hell out everybody. And even the sex bitch and night, you know something? And I was waiting to what we got the certain hours, which I don't want to mention. No names. She was not so bad. Her biggest problem, except for that fake voice in the Fony laugh, was the fact that she ran out of topics after the second week. But she was another graduate of the Walt Sabos School of Media. Oh, but you don't know who is coaching her every day. Harry penis. Coaching every day on the topic, said is, I mean, every single day. And she was a big star up there in Orlando. See, I hate to break the news to these guys, but what plays in Orlando ain't necessarily going to play here. This is a Mickey Mouse place, but not quite as Mickey Mouse is Orlando, which is a real real, real, no-spicgin place. I mean, it's like light years ahead of Tampa, but it's still a real, real, serious, no-spicgin place. Up there in Orlando. Lots and lots of Bible Thuppers and good old boys. I mean, if you took Disney World out of there, all you got is a bunch of fruit growers. And a few fruits. And that's basically all you got. That's Orlando for you. So anyway, I hate to break the news to these experts that are going to reinvent this radio station, but all those great, tight topics they've all been done until they're coming out of your ears. Nobody wants to hear about service in God damn Florida, okay? Nobody wants to hear about it. Nobody gives a flying crap about hearing about what your name is dating the, you know, after the first five weeks of that enough is enough already, okay? I want to hear more about the earwax, though. I want to hear more about those cute tips. Do you know what I'm saying? That's what we all want to hear a lot more about is that waxy build up. Because behind that whole thing there's something really I can't put my finger on. I want a lollipop little boy. I really can't figure out what that's all about. Here's a mobile on Wild. Yes sir, our first call of the day. Listen, this is going to be a great Tuesday man. You are so right, you got no idea. And the proof is in the pudding because nobody called in. They would such a lollipop call. She couldn't believe it. Yeah. And she was just grabbing her ear. She must have read that article of 400 times in an hour and a half. And how come she was only on for two hours? And the ski for Remski was on. What's that all about? She ran out of, she ran out of things to say. It was almost embarrassed. What do you mean by that? She had nothing to say and nobody called in. So she just left? There were times when nobody was talking. What do you mean? Did we just dead here? Just yeah, from moment. You better watch yourself, Mr. You better watch yourself because she's in tight with a consultant man. This is a joke. This is like, I was listening to the stuff that was going on on and off on a station last night in between 85 hockey games. And I'm going to tell you something. It's enough to make me cry. What are these people thinking about? I don't know if we listen in the evening, but I got to tell you something. They must think we're in Jacksonville, South Carolina or somewhere. I don't, they don't, they have no clue. They have their totally out of touch with what this place is all about. You're right. But hey, have a great day. Hey, come on. Okay. Hey, it's the first day of Passover. What do you want? Look at that board week. We got no calls here today. Panthers playing the Rangers in New York tonight. I'm going to play all my hockey high stuff today. I got some great exciting stuff. I got Rick Jenner Red. I got Bob Cole from one Edmonton tied a game up on Sunday night with three goals in a year. I got some great stuff because I'm not going to see anyone talk about some asshole paid $9,000 for an engagement ring in Kansas somewhere and should he get it back. You know something? I don't care if he gets it back. Do you care if he gets it back? I don't care. I do care about that crackhead Negro Hork comment on Ron and Ron this morning. Next thing they're going to be talking about the Huracoon football team. I mean, what the hell is that? And if anybody can't tell the difference, I feel really sorry for you. Okay. Okay. Let's take these hot topics one by one. Colts and madness. What do you say? Six, two, two, double. What do you mean by that? No, that's the way she did it last night. She read the article. She read like a little blurb out of it. Okay. He spent $9,000. You want something back? Okay. Six, two, two, double, you IOD. It's called contrive man contrived. And be sure and present it in such a way that it'll really get the audience whipped up into a frenzy. Contrive controversy. What do you think? Are you pissed off or what? There we go. Let's get a pissed man. It's a paced song. It's even a work day today for teachers. Why can't they just be honest and say it's a Jewish holiday? Why can't they say that? The Jews are celebrating paced song today. They're eating cardboard. What's wrong with Tom kids the truth? Oh, it's a teacher's a work day. Isn't that what they're calling it by the way? Teachers work day. When it's a glacial holiday, when it's Easter, it's Easter. It's Christmas, it's Easter, it's whatever. Which I guess basically that's it. But when it's a Jewish holiday, it's never like a Jewish holiday because Jews are a small minority. So it's a teacher's work day today. We got to pass upon the Jews. You know, that's the way it goes. Kind of crap is that. It's paced. It's paced over man. Oh, God. I'm gagging on something. I think they got the poison gas going against speaking of hear my I'm hearing. I think they're pipe and a poison gas in here. The paced people. I wouldn't be surprised if all their sabos got his fine finger in that. Or maybe it's fine Q-tip is stuck in the middle of this conspiracy. And conspiracy is number five on list by the way. Let's talk about the Paxon conspiracy. That's one of those hot topics that sure to give us peaks of 20 shares. They don't like to all that inside talk. Oh, that's right. Let's see. We don't like the inside talk. We don't want people talking about WIOD because nobody cares about the station. We don't want to talk about any of the things that are going on inside. We don't want the producers talking on the air. Sorry. As whole. We want those hot button topics. Let's get back to what it's all about. Okay, what do you think? War or peace. Life or death. Right or the far right or the far left. Cosseed him with long a pace. Who's got the better dreadlocks? The houseseed him or Ronnie B. That's our pull question today. Okay. Crackhead, nigger whore. What kind of animal? What kind of piece of redneck trailer park, or she's on Jenny Jones City? Okay. Be sure to check that out. Comes up with a comment like that. See, those guys haven't figured it out yet. This ain't Tampa. They haven't figured that out yet. And to show you what geniuses the Paxon people are, their show goes off the United Clock in Tampa on a station that they own. Paxon owns the station. They cut their show off at 9 o'clock in the morning, which was their home base up until, three, four months ago. Can you figure that out? I mean, how many Cubics your Coney is the half-to-by before you can figure what that's all about? 610 WIOT. Oh, Neil Roddy. What are those on your feet? Shoes? What else? Socks, pellet. Socks, KS. You just said kiss my f***ing incantanine. Oh, I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. Hey, what's that around your waist? About spell it. B-E-L-T. You just told someone to f*** off. In Zulu. Oh, my. And that's just one of the many techniques you'll learn with the National Profanix Language Cusset Program. National Profanix can have you cursing in Spanish, French, Italian, German, and a host of other languages in just a few weeks. So, call 1-800-F*** you today. Because the most important thing you'll need to know about other cultures is how to tell somebody off. Hey, buddy. S-O-C-K-S. Okay. Okay, 10 19 at WIOT. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. I heard you're changing topic for you today. What do you think about mandatory sterilization for kids from adults around WIOT for other more than three kids, the three different fathers? Well, how come your radio is up in the back first of all? I think they're definitely ought to be mandatory sterilization for trailer park trash. Do you think it's a fire-lake system, right? Did you hear what I just said? Yeah. Yeah. I think that anybody who lives in a trailer park first that we should do that by the end of the week. Sterely is everybody in America who lives in a trailer park. Sounds good. Did that's a good start? Sounds good. Then I think that anybody who makes under 50 grand a year they ought to be sterilized because they can't afford to raise kids. Right. Right. I think that what will happen is we'll form a commission and you and I can be the coach, Chairman, and we'll decide who can reproduce and who can't. Okay. Seriously, I am all four four sterilization. I think that if people can't pass if their IQ is smaller than their opinion, that those guys should be sterilized. Yeah, because they can't. Women who's IQ is smaller than their breast size must be sterilized immediately. Well, America's biggest problem is dumb people reproducing. Right. Dumb people making more dumb babies. Happy people don't even know who the father is. Right. Okay. I just want to get your opinion. Okay. See you at the trailer park. Okay. We have a daylines wide open here. Come on. We got a hot topic going here. They we get these peaks of 20 shares. If we get this one going, let's yank it and rip it and pull it and squeeze it and pound it. And bang away at it until they finally get pissed off about it. That's the way you work this thing. Okay. $9,000 for an engagement ring. Oh, that's a wrong one. Okay. Okay. Here we go. So anyway, sterilization. What do you got to get in the right page? I got my list here. Got my three by five cards. It's the Saber wasation of WIOD. Come on. 6, 2, 2, WIOD. We're going to have a wild day here today, man. 6, 2, 9, 4, 6, 3. 2 and Broward. 7, 6, 7, 7, WIOD. The purple mod, the mobile one lie. Whatever that thing is pounded purple at pound IOD. Let's hear it. $9,000 for an engagement ring. He wants it back. Should we sterilize him or what? Should we sterilize consultants? Is what I say? That would be the best idea. Let's bring back Aaron Summers. What I said. And really, you know what this brought is doing. She's doing like a watered down Aaron Summers thing without the effects. Are you following what I'm saying? It's like watered down without the sex. And there's no spots in there anyway when you come right down to it. So why not just shut off the thing at 9 o'clock. Sounds good to me. Here's Coconut Creek. Hello. Hi. Yes sir. Listen. I'm all for sterilization of trail attraction. Yeah. And as for your question about what kind of person could say crack had nigger hoe. Well, that's got to be one of them fish people. So consider a coach. Are you saying to me that she might be a born again Christian? She might be an assistant. That probably attending a prayer meeting at the Paxon headquarters today in Tampa, somewhere. Absolutely. Yeah. And what I want to say about culture. Yes. What about science? Don't start giving over my topics here, man. You're going to screw it all up for me. What about science? A science? Yeah. Science rules. Okay. Excellent. Number one, Coltson madness. Yeah. Well, the greatest cult of all. Yes. Christianity. Christianity. That's one cult in the world today. That's right. And his cause more madness. More murder, more mass mayhem, right? Absolutely. Then any other so-called cult. I think it's interesting. I think it's interesting that the mafia people are like very big in a Roman Catholic church because the Christian religion taught them how to give people off if they couldn't refuse. Absolutely. Right. And it melts in your mouth. Not in your hands. Exactly. I think you covered all 10. The price is in the mail, pal. Thank you. Nice job. Walter B. wrote over to see you. Okay. Let's go, man. It doesn't seem to be doing it. Six to two W-O-D and date. Come on. What do you think? Yes, you know. Up or down. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Six to two W-O-D and date. 767. 9463 and Browered. We got all the date and Browered lines. Wait and I. God. This ain't working too. Good. This just doesn't seem to be getting the job done. Here's Pompano on a mobile. Hello. I'm here to tell you about the audience. It's dead. Just because it's peace on. Let's hear from some guy I'm today for Christ's Aix. It's not there, holiday. Let's hear from some damn guy I'm out there. I hate to deal with you guy I'm. I hate to steal one of your topics there. But what about the free food at the buffet for the old park? You'll be pleased to know by the way. I'm drinking two bottles today of life. Coacher water. Natural spring water. And on a repasse over. How do you like that? Well, how does water get to be co-ser? The rabbi comes in. Squared squirt does a little number in it. That's right. Neil, now listen. You can almost taste it. When the new smucks to buy your station here. I have never seen you know something in all the years I've been on the year. I've been on its 10 24 already. I have never started a show and seen I got you and one other stiff on here. That's it. I got two calls on a board here. We've got these hot topics and we've got to cover all 10 of them by two o'clock. We're going to be off the srs. Let's go here. Let's get the Gaia Monafone. The Jews are busy eating cardboard. Let's go. Neil, now when before you came over to your station. You're in Hollywood. Yes. I heard it was about not just from you but everybody about the pitch in the moon and growing about the equipment and that's been working. Can they afford a fact machine? Right. No, that was here. Well, didn't you got in there for the first couple weeks and everything was peaches and all it was was not. That was the first two days. We had no facts machine here that took weeks. We had no hanging file for the copy. I mean everything we had no paper clips. We had no toilet paper. They were telling Steve Nickel. You're the guy's got to go pick up the toilet paper and the paper towels. They had no idea how to put together a radio station. Well, do you think the new station is going to be any better? Meaning what? Well, I mean it's going to be the first couple days. Everything will be nice again. And then you'll have to do your step which is pitch all day. Yeah. Also in other words, we don't want it to be too good is that it? No, no. I enjoy your pitch. Yeah. Well, that's what I just said. We don't want it to be too good. I already told him that. Don't make it too good. Have a great day. God bless you. God bless you son. Let's see. This is very weak. You know something I'm going to tell you right now. I'm going to play hockey highlights for three and a half hours till 2 o'clock unless we get some real serious topics going here today. Unless we get you people off your ass. On you go out there. Are you a Spixon Dave County that are sitting back? Just waiting. Here's your opportunity. Arts and entertainment. Let's hear it. Elements coming out. Is everybody worked up about that? Like it's a big surprise. Like Martina coming out. That was a big shock to me. I'll tell you that. That would be like Charles Nelson Riley coming out of the closet on here. That would be a major shock to all of the world. Wouldn't it? Elements coming out. And Jerry fall well. Pithed off about it too. Okay. And so are all those other Graham. All those other Graham were busy doing each other and everybody. Anything that moves there. Don't forget. The ones that point the finger. They're the ones that are sticking at finger in places that we can mention on a year. Although we can say crackhead, nigger, horror on Iran and Rancho. That way I still can't get over it. I still can't get over it. The level of redneck is that that audience is all about. Of course they're all gone now anyway. So what's to say? Here's coconut grove. Hello. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Now that's coming at one water. Water is a try to, you know. We'll take the order of topics as they go. Okay. Just calm down. Here's a bokeh. Hello. That was J.R.O.Keech. Bokeh. Hello. You know, a rather run of gotta take what they can get. What does that mean? The depth of the audience. Yeah, rednecks. That's the depth. What's turning into their audience? Well, what do you mean that's what's turning into their audience? That's what's always been their audience. Okay. You're right. That's what's always been their audience. What's your listening to it, evidently? I think well. Are you? Don't sound like a redneck to me? No way. You sound Jewish to me. You sound Jewish. Are you Jewish? Hello. Are you Jewish? Of course. I know it. Happy pace off. I'm here. Thank you. Same to you. But I'm, uh, give, I gave up. I'm running around. How do you like that? Did I knew you were Jewish just on the phone? Is that pretty good or what? Well, just on the phone, I could tell you were Jewish. How do you like that? You have a sense? And you want to know why? Because there was no aroma of smegma coming over the receiver. That's why, George. Okay. You. Cleanliness is godliness. Don't ever forget it. You know. Yes. I'm going to take calls for 30. Okay. The answer is, oh. You lose. Okay. We have an open line in day six to two. We have, uh, all the Broward Broward still waiting out there. Can we find just a few Graham and Broward to get us through this day today? Oh my god. Paisach all over again. The worst days of the year is Passover time. You think that the whole town was Jewish at Paisach time. Put down those stalemates. I'm telling you, they'll kill you. Pick up something good like some mandal bread. Somebody brought us a mandal bread at the hockey game. Which game was it not the last game? Thank God. The one before that that we won. Broward is a mandal bread he made with his own little hands made from Matsah with chocolate chips in it. And you know something was pretty damn good too. By the way, final score tonight. Since we don't play all that well in New York, Rangers 2, Panthers 4. All your Ranger fans talking to Big Talk and a big talk. Big big talk. Open it up there. Big New York, Mouth. We're going to kick your ass tonight. Probably kick it again tomorrow night. Because I know we're not going to have another one of those coma performances tonight. Like we did the day just to make it kind of interesting. Okay. Just because we felt sorry for them. We figured we'll let them have one. Just to make it look good. 1028 at WIOD. 610 WIOD. The station that reaches the beaches. The kid we heard he off. Oh, hey. We know our limits. I have no force in. So kid, do you want to career in the Navy? What do you think you'd like to do? Oh, I don't know, maybe. Do they have a crew director? Uh, no. Why do you want to join? Oh, I don't know. Something about a Chris White Bellbottom uniform with us. Neppi little black tie and a Shirley Tipple hat. This says, I'm clean and ready for inspection sir. Do they have a food deck? I sure would like to play on that. That's a funny word. Food deck food deck food deck food deck. Please serve my ties on this ship. Oh, say, please. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I poop. Yeah, but. Okay, 1032. It's going around 1032 and WOD. Happy Tuesday. God, I feel great today. I don't know what it is. There's something in the air. It's paysaw. It's a teachers work day. It's going to be a great day on his show today. Even though there are a little recounts of training at the moment. I got some great hockey stuff. I got rich and right with the Sabers winning goal last night. I'm going to play all of that eventually when I get around to it when I feel like it. Here's a day beyond a mobile. Hello. Any other questions please? Uh, Sunday during the hockey game. During what? During the hockey game. The hockey game. Yeah, you know, that great game. Yeah. We was on the way to some friends out to watch the game and we were listening to QAM, right? Yes. In the car. And this clown that was on QAM says, well, we don't want to talk hockey today. We want to talk baseball. And hung up on anybody who want to talk hockey. Got him Clark or something? Never heard of him. On his out. He's out. Yeah. Well, he was history. He's out. Our second point came back in the Saturday last night. Got the list of this lovely broad life. I, what a dumb bro. He's better off with a gas cap routine. Yeah. And she must have read that little article that she was plugging out about 600 times. And, you know, an over and over again, okay, we get it on anybody cares. We move on to something else. Anything. Talk about boogers. Talk about picking your nose in public, huh? She's related to go to the same school as that gym, really. She's the girlfriend of our consultant. Oh, God. No, I'm going to get it. I'm going to put this picture together now, sir. I'm glad you're bailing. Walter Sabo has taken over this radio station. It was a bloodless coup because the pex and people bought it. They don't have the foggyest idea what to do with it or what it's all about. So here's Walter Sabo, Solama Billagudts. I'll come in and show you what it's all about. I'll show you how to make it into a bush league talk station. And man is he ever going to do it. Trust me when I tell you. Just write, key, right? WGVN Geneva never had nothing on us. You give him about six months. It's going to be dynamite. Sounds like Mike on me. Have a great day. In fact, this comes under one of the hot topics. Natural disasters. Have a happy. Okay. Happy Pesach. We want some goyam on the phone today. Damn it. Too many Jews on here. Go eat your moths. Let's find out what the goyam care about. Okay. We have an open line on the purple line. We'll talk to some Jews tomorrow. Let's hear from goyam. Pound IOD on a mobile one purple line. We have an open line in date. 6222 WOD. We have unbrouard. 7679463. This misconception that everybody who's a Gentile is somehow a trailer park trash type. I think that this is one of the gross test generalizations. What are you smiling about? Do you hear them? But holios don't live in trailer parks. Do they? Not as a rule. Can't afford it. Okay. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I turned on WOD last night at midnight. To get some ball scores. Yeah. And I got him. He was on. ski was on. Yeah. What's the deal? I haven't got any idea. In fact, George who makes out the schedule. When I was asking him about it this morning, he looked at the kind of a blank look like. He was talking about it. He was talking about it. He said, no, not K ski. He kept saying K. He was talking about his wife's toenail. That she clipped and found on the. He found on the. Oh, wait. That's topic number seven. Yes, topic number seven. Telling out clippings. Yeah. And he didn't want to get rid of him. But he didn't know what to do with them. Oh, my God. Just lick him. Yeah. He kept repeating. You know something. It's you it almost be like a joke. You think it's a put on, but they're serious because this is what they've been brainwashed into believing is how you do it here. This is how they want to do this station. They're going to make it in a light bulb. Junior. Are they light bulb light? Are they thinking that people are tuning in and tuning out so quickly that they have to keep repeating the same thing over and over again? Yes, especially at that hour of the night. God. Beautiful. Beautiful. So what do you do with those toenail clippings anyway? I don't know. Let them fly in all directions. Or I'll get back. Have a happy. Bye bye. Happy a porom. Even though it's the wrong holiday, we don't care. Let's have some homotoxin to food as much better on porom time. And also a Hanukkah. Mobile one purple line is waiting on you today. Pound IOD. We have an open line in date. 6 2 2 9 4 6 3. One in Broward 7 6 7. We're inviting straight people and go in the call today. What you're at nearly there excluded of course. But we'll make an exception because it's a tough day. It's pays off. Maybe it's the day when the orthodox Jews there that embarrasses that humiliates. I find that so degrading or might be when I went to school to Michigan state in East Lansing, Michigan. And of course Michigan state is a state university. So the kids who live in Michigan get much cheaper tuition than those out of Staters. So there was a kid from a wassel Michigan. I could try to think of his name was Alan something. I don't know what his name was. Kind of like a real Yahoo guy. Look like a Yahoo. He was a Yahoo. But not a bad kid. But he was just a Yahoo. He was the good Yahoo. But anyway, he was from a wassel. And of course there were many of us from like from New York and from around Other parts outside of Michigan. Who were Jewish. And when he met me, I was the first Jew he had ever met. And he thought that there were going to be like horns sticking out of my head. And then I have pays like sticking down the sides of my thing. And have a been a soda at the top of my head. You didn't show him your tail, did you? No, I did not. I didn't even show him my. I didn't even show him my. But now that I think of it, and I wasn't that good. But at any rate, you know, this is and you look on a front page of the newspaper. You're talking about perpetuating ugly stereotypes like that crackhead, Nigger Horcom, and on Ron and Ron this morning. And here's these old ultra orthodox Jews, which I'm going to say it again. Nobody reads make one person out of a hundred is going to read the thing underneath the caption. They all look at the headline of celebrating the starter pass. And they probably think that's in sunrise. All of the people are read the sun suddenly. Take a look at that. They look at the picture celebrating the starter pass over. Here's the fire is burning. Here's all these getch keys with their big coats in their pay us in their big heavy hats. Look at like something out of the stone age. You're crazy, crazy, ultra orthodox Jews. You're out of your mind. And let me tell you another reason, by the way, that they're the ones saying how the only real Jews, they're not Jews. Because it's an oxymoron. There's no such thing as a conservative Jew. Not possible. Because liberalism is the essence. It's the bait. Forget about you. You can scrape away the gulfilterfish and all the moths of balls. Scrape all of that away. Put it over there. I'll have to be with it in a minute. But the bottom line is the fundamental liberalism of the Jewish code of the whole concept of Judaism. Without that, you can't be a real Jew. I don't care how close to the bone they cut it. You know what I'm saying? I don't care if you've been sliced so small, you're like an acorn, like some of the rest of us. You still can't be Jewish. So the whole concept of, that's like Jews for Jesus. Same same thing. Ultra right wing Jew can happen. Can't be. Sorry, you're out. Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got a question for you. Yes. Now, I know fact and screw on you over. But I come running run. Had Betty boobs or something having a life sex act and they're worried about your program. That's so, well, you're asking me? How about giving me an answer? I don't know. I found out in a land. I found out in the last week that they're doing like live sex stuff during the show. I don't care what they do out of the show. But during the show they're doing like live sex acts on that show. And they're bitch about your court. And this man is supposedly a goodie a man of the cloth and goodie two shoes in Hallelujah. And don't say God damn on here and all of a sudden they're funny. Ballony born again bull crap that this company portrays with their Christian ethics and Emmanuel and everything. How can you, how can you do business the Christian way when you got guys having sex on here during a morning show? I don't know. I mean, after noon show. That's another story. What? I don't understand that either. I don't know why they're keep fighting. Well, maybe maybe one of those good Christians can answer it for us today, sir. Yeah, I think you should try to get some trying to answer that one for us. Maybe somebody out there's got a good head on their shoulders. Or just to stop us in your balls. Okay. I think you're good. You should go to WQA. I am going. I'm going. I'm on my way. Good for you. See you. Okay. I thought they're ready. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going. Open line in day. Six to two. We have one in brown it's seven six seven. The mobile on purple line is open, which is a bad sign. Powered IOD. It's paystock in course in the orthodox Jews. They can't call us today. Okay, nay I'm not really sure. the kipper I'm sure they couldn't call and certainly not on shop is but we're not on the on shop is anyway so what difference is a make what the shop is I don't know but on pace off can the orthodox use call us today that's the question right now that this gentleman who just called wants to know can the orthodox use have sex in the morning on a morning show if buddy but facts and don't find out do they have to cover their faces and do they have to cover it up and are the more men still wearing those uh... feel good to what they call those things the holy clothes with little holy garments the sacred garments the secret undergarments are the Mormons wearing their secret undergarments today and which side of the have the little whole on a exactly where's the flap the what temple garment temple garments okay temple garments that the jews would be wearing those that those would be those all the stuff that these get you that were in here on the front page work in a get one of those hats that's a good question let's find out today i think swamis has got a sale on them right next to the stalemate you get one of these real need hats look like it all jew i mean take a look at that is that pathetic is that make you want to care make you want to sit down on a on a curb somewhere in crylaca baby taking a look at that you wonder about the condition of the world today this is what people ought to be talking about and they're worried about uh... martial apple white huh that fact it would help give us a crap about that he's dead already he's dead who cares about him but you talk about madness and cults this is what they ought to be talking about these getchies here right in the front page of the paper and these born again fish people this is insanity man nobody wants to talk about that there too busy talking about let's sterilize everybody we don't like which you're in a bad idea we have an open line in brown at seven six seven wild the purple one line the mobile one line is open which you know that's the barometer when that line is open you know it's pace off pound i o d we pay for the call mobile one word desperate today baby we only got four hundred calls lined up here see better get with it pound i o d no music today no music because i've made up my mind that i got my list of i got my three by five cards i got my list of six hundred hot button topics today and we're gonna make it work with a walters table likes that are not how do you like that because this man is reinvented talk radio as we used to know it he's brought it back to the old old tired boring ludlow porch i mean we're talking about yahu knows picking crap that even ludlow porch don't want to talk about that's how bad it is okay let's talk about cult suicides let's talk about the hell bob comet let's talk about the things that nobody in his right mind gives a flying crap about okay but the consultants and all these talk experts they think this is what you people care about which is why most of these shows are syndicated and have like a point three share 1043 a wild if you want something for free there's the magic word that will come up in his town free something good for free no less how about two something's good for free oh sounds good to me pick up the phone right now and call 1 800 4 hydron 1 800 number 4 h y d r o n and they will send you their great free catalog of super the best in the universe skin care products that are the best on the market today anywhere for both men and women and they'll also send your free sample soon you shmir it around a little bit yourself and find out just how great it is for you and if you're one of those real big shots out there mister smoothie or miss a smoothie you think so i don't need no skin care you're wrong because no matter what you do you gotta have one of their products for example if you replace sports mental ice from hydron is a must you'll also want to be sure and use hydron hand lotion because hydron products moisturize your skin without leaving it feeling greasy because when it gets greasy you have a tendency to drop the quarters on a floor hydron works like this is it dries on your skin creates an invisible shield that is water insatiable moisture holding long lasting the she had let's just get read because it lets the oxygen in the carbon dioxide out even hydron cleanser won't take away from your skin natural protection the way so many of those other skin care products do so if you want something really great for free when it down check this out pick up your phone right now call hydron for the free catalog and free sample even the phone call is free what more could you want for Christ's six call 1 800 for hydron that's 1 800 the number four H Y D R O N and R O N 16 W I O D and deep in the heart of some far out general we've received word that some need of seem to be worshipping some kind of unusual god a voice from far far away has captivated these isolated people if you listen closely you may just hear ah and just go get drunk we're worldwide baby w w w w w dot audio net dot com or w w w w w dot com and worship with us with 610 w i O D 16 W i O D you better be fawking be ready to play with the big boy I know I'm a Miami resident and I just just happened to hear a day meal foxo I'm a way home and I think it's absolutely horrible and I don't understand how anybody with values and morals or social conscience can allow such a thing to be broadcast on their station this guy is just cursing the people insulting last feeling just spreading anger and hatred I don't understand that I mean do you have children do you have the family do you care what's going on you know in the world here that that just that that should be going around someone just venting all their hatred and anger innocent people I mean he just let somebody crying on the sun the air and maybe it's very popular and makes a lot of money for your station but this is really not what the world means I mean things are bad enough I don't think we need a guy like this and I really find a very offensive and just horrible I mean how would you like if your children were listening to that and growing up in a world where this kind of thing is acceptable where people can talk like that and be paid for it and be endorsed I mean I'm just horrified and disgusted and I am sure I'm not the only person to feel that way please try and take consideration of you know the rest of the world and the other people that have to listen to this kind of garbage and I hope you will because this is really something that's not acceptable if you want this well it gets to be a better place it's not the way to do it all right who have to listen to this kind of you're honest that they have to listen to it they have no other choices of course any do you to cheat she's the one to tell us what's acceptable and what's not another good Christian I'm sure she probably got a fish on her uh thing she's got a fish on her post but she's going to tell us what's acceptable and what's not hey there's Yarmor Yager stick I went in there not enough I told your flyers and four I told you the penguins are going down they got no deep fence they got no nothing they're going down and forestrate here's Miami hello hello Neo yes sir who the are calling you from Miami when is Diaz come a stop good good first time calling on time listener great I just called to talk about last night shooting into Aaron K show yes sir if that's your name I cannot believe this lady talking to him he talked about I got you down yeah started off reading the paper about nine thousand dollar engagement right first of all would buy nine thousand dollar engagement or unless you're loaded some guy who needs metal help I said and then what he started her show with no hello song she said she wants to have yeah I did hear that yeah can you believe that he love you a caring Neil socks something like that yet lovely also this is part of the water stable strategy is to have her be the anti-neal see and give me to talk about a lot and believe me I'm all you got to do is listen to her once you'll never listen again and oh nothing won't talk about the part trying for you Karen I'm getting you big audience but they'll never come back what is it now the panters game on Sunday I went one with my girlfriend and third period three to zero beginning of the period everybody's leaving the arena now I'll have to submit a sloughed if you think I left with seven minutes to go in the with what's there in period third period people are leaving I was sitting the high seat in arena you could sit in yeah and I was nearly five out of the honest with it that game on Sunday I can't blame anybody for leaving you whenever they wanted that would that was they should have given us refunds I was looking for the refund window one way out that was bad they didn't even show up and I think those were a bunch of imposter those weren't the panters they were imposter they were a Christmas clones in in drag anyway yes sir including see Aaron K. Yurda see you know by what do you say Aaron K. What? Me and I don't know oh me I said oh she's you can't say Aaron K. So anyway anybody out there ever have a nine thousand dollar engagement ring I had one in my mouth once we have two open lines in date six two two nine four six three six two two W-I-O-D we have an open line of brawt our topic today is Sitses can we say that on the air okay anybody out there were in Sitses today did anybody call you to tell you fourth of ox Jews can call on pace hockey or not I guess they could not call yeah no well they don't have to be orthodox to go we're not talking about super orthodox see there's not really three branches at Judaism there's like conservatives and be formed in orthodox there's like mini branches the orthodox they got like the we have a little orthodox and maybe I got a bini on my head but then there's the super the from the ultra orthodox like the ones here in sunrise on the front of the paper this morning burning a bonfire burning wonder bread oh that's what we should be playing the bread is wonder too bad we don't have the original one I was a lot longer and much much better but of course somebody had to store those tapes anyway here's a mobile in Miami hello new Rogers yes sir I'm behind the second only maple leaf fan in Miami no you know we got a lot of leaf fans down here sir we have many leaf fans I'm driving 55 miles in the horror 95 and this maple leaf person's got their car plastered in maple leaf stuff oh you're behind them I thought you were one yeah no you're so like a maple leaf yeah anyway alright amount of material okay thanks for the good news go leave Skull how the leaf's doing ever play offs by the way they're not where they how does that thing by the way the bread is wonder isn't that on this where the hell is that George which thing is that on I'm gonna start getting really pissed off if I can't find a date 62 2 Wild we have one in Broward 767 the mobile one purple line is week today week today because I guess those go in about there can't afford cell phones is at it poundild mobile one pays for it no matter what you got pick it up in the give it a shot our topic today which one is it our topic is relationships and gossip that's number 10 on list well let's move now let's go up science okay are you forward or against it science thumbs up or thumbs down let's hear it Carl Sagan good guy or bad guy dead guy good guy or bad guy how did you like that phony thing I mean he was great but he put on that phony that affected voice you don't want to say oh how used to drive me nuts what was that the thing he did on pbs cosmos even when you said that yeah cosmos yes millions it all that phony affected that oh geez maybe he should be dead well he is here's Holly would hello yes sir hey man you got a gore here yeah alright big time circumcised here's a big time gore with a big time circumcision I have no foreskin alright move the cell I'll bet hey did anybody know that Jim really bottoms out for water stable bottoms out huh bottoms man well that kind of confirms other stories we've been hearing too bad we can't leave that go on here we have two open line I think he's two old open lines in Broward 767-463767 W i O d is that something or what Jim really there's another so do they like that show they probably like that because he isn't one of those specialy shows you know they don't like those right specialy show yeah his show is a specialy show it's for people who believe the virgin Mary is on a side of that bank building and uh one to talk about uh getting late in Mexico that's basically it and mentioned my name about 400 times every weekend that's basically what he does he's going to be doing mid days here by the way that's a rumor two open lines in Broward 767-Wild let's see Al Gore goes to China that's our topic next hour you like it or you don't like it are you pissed off at those little slanty eye gooks or what how about Al Gore does he need a personality transplant this week or next week I got news for you say it I mean that's going to be it next election it's going to be Al Gore against whichever nitwit that the Republicans come up with which who could that be could be anybody another loser I I predict nobody shows up I predict everybody stays home here is a pop at OB hello yes sir all right great um how come we got no post game show for the Panther because it's on waxy sir because they're selling them short because they're short changing our great Panthers after all season long that's the way they do it and now I'm pissed off well I understand I mean I'm not gonna do it I'm gonna have the Marlin conflict the game should be on their FM it should be on kiss and if it were if it was my team I would demand that would be on one of their not farmed out to this waxy thing okay not that I want to create a problem over there for my close friend Greg Reed but those games should be on kiss on a FM which people can hear with a post game show well you can straighten it out hey listen sure what happens to the savers now with the Dominator out what do you mean what happens they want to game last night and he's day today he might be back next game you think he'll be back he'll play great last night what are you complaining about well I understand that I mean if he's out for a long period of time I might you know he's not out for a long period of time they said it's day today so it can't be you know that bed okay very good in fact it might it might be he doesn't play that great in a playoff anyway he never has they never go anywhere in a playoff maybe it's the best thing that happened to him could be because I thought them to be very similar to the Panthers last year with great gold ten they don't have to worry about him they got to get Matthew Barnaby back that's the spark plug that's the guy that they need badly okay Matthew Barnaby very good Rangers two Panthers four that's what I just said I hear you got it get out of here so anyway speaking of Buffalo flipping around in the boys one minute left in regulation along the middle and then together in and I ended up to Gali upset it Gali feeding one in high up the glass ending hiding it out in front and Peca come up with it it was in his game savers keeping it in with he leaves it the pack up heck against take a dive who's worth kind of getting fun of that proof that Jim didn't get a full shot he picked it just line by one back in the corner dog running your and Evelyn in the bars Saber's trying to keep an M&D dog grab the McHunter by Alfred said go penalty a jammer on the boys again come down and finish I right off take it to the same three of our positions this guy the Buffalo Sabers with the team by one seconds left on the clock that one is hammered home the seabers in front by one a wild celebration both on the ice ended the Buffalo bench seabers buddy got incredible pressure in the last middle of the play and so one away that take lead and you could drop a pin through the Correl sector that only noise is the shuffle of feet people leaving the building they're sure flinted up there in a Correl center what a that rich you're on a red man he's okay in my book 1058 you got a twenty. And get the munchies and make brownies filled with hair And we'll be sharing with Jesus and the saints No, those pies, pies, pies and yet Yeah, party is great, yeah, yeah, party is good Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah What have gots most can of us? No can but, my part of us Give the high on the back of the bus Just give the loads of give the stones On a great hump of two rows did to get some better Kill home, bro Tot to y'all go high and back to take homeulture picked up sighless road No common heaven less y'all strong Hey, living on 5 at W-I-O-D happy Tuesday happy PSock baby, don't eat too much mozzarella, you kids out there, don't let your parents force you eat that crap, it'll kill you man. Soon or later you're going to die if you eat that crap. So anyway, here's some pretty interesting stuff. It says, proof that Jesus was Jewish. He went into his father's business. He lived at home till the age of 33. He was sure his mother was a virgin and his mother was sure he was God. Proof that Jesus was Irish. He never got married. He never had a steady job. His last request was a drink. Proof that Jesus was Puerto Rican. His first name was Jesus. He was always in trouble with the law and his mother didn't know who his father was. Three proofs that Jesus was Italian. He talked with his hands. He had wine with every meal and he worked in the building trades. Three proofs that Jesus was black. He called everybody brother. He had no permanent address and nobody would hire him. Three proof that Jesus was California. He never cut his hair. He walked around barefoot and he invented new religion. All right. Correctal right. What was that? Correcto. Oh, that too. Oh, got some good facts stuff here today. Some good anti-religious stuff. Thank you so much by the way. The more the mirror here from Nick. Who talks about the contradictions of all this, the Bible and all this hocus, and bullcraft and has got a whole great list of them here. For example, Exodus 20 verse 8, remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. But then in Romans 14, five it says, one man is steameth one day above another. Another is steameth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind. In other words, do whatever it had you want. On the permanency of the earth, ecclesiasties one for the earth abideeth forever. Peter, the elements shall melt with fervent heat to earth also when the works are that are there and she'll be burned up. Oh, add on and on and on. Here in Genesis, it says, I've seen God face to face in my life as preserved, but in John it says, no man has seen God at any time. How do you like that? And it's got a whole list of what 2,485 contradictions in all this biblical goblty group, but don't confuse these people with the truth because they want to wear all that heavy clothing. Save that for me, please. Okay. We have all the braward lines. Why don't we have a man kneel us on a year? He's like, fulmin at the mouth. He's ready to rock and roll and braward is not. What a shock. What a surprise. 767 Wiod in Broward are topic today. The hailed Bob comet. You like it or don't you? How about that tail? Anybody out there? One other. It's got a turntale. Can't be all bad if it's got that many tails. 767 Wiod. The mobile one purple line is open pound IOD. Out of town, the green lines forget about them. Even a golem up there in Palm Beach, you're all Jewish today because it's pace off. Here's Hylia. Hello? Yes, sir. Is this new? Yes, it is. Hey, Newman, this is the first time I ever talked to you man. You're the best. I am. Yes, you are. You know, I'm lucky to be listening today. I had to save home. Yeah, because it's a Jewish holiday today. No, because, you know, I was sick today. Is that a holiday in date? Oh, no, seriously. They have school in date today? Yeah. Oh, my god. What about your anti-Semites on pace off? Yeah. Man. No, but, you know, I was going to do the right thing. You did the right thing, stand home. Yeah. No, man, but, you know, I've been listening to you almost two years now. You know, you're the best man for me. Yes, I am. Say that again. I do the man. I don't know why people picture about your show, man. You. Because they can't deal with the truth because there are a bunch of mental cripples. That's why. There are emotional cripples. That's right. I know that's true, man. Well, can I put off somebody to speak? Go ahead. My brother Abraham and his girlfriend, Vicki, her bunch of two. Brother his name is Abraham? Yeah. Is he Jewish? Have a great day, pal. All right. Happy pace off. All right. Okay, we have a, here's a, Holy old with a brother's name Abraham. A, B, A, A, B. Okay. Open lot. No, his sister's name is K. In date, six, two, nine, four, six, three. We have Broward County. We're still waiting on Broward. Look at this. On pace off, no less. You're going to burn in purgatory. If you don't call me today and talk about life on Europa. If you don't talk about golf and Tiger Woods today, man, let's hear about Tiger Owen. Speaking of golf, by the way, another little contradict. I don't see Michael Mayo in a right and no column about this. About fuzzy zeller. Don't you love that name? Fuzzy zeller, another golf hole. He said Monday he was only joking when he was suggested that Tiger Woods not make fried chicken and colored greens. The featured dishes at the Champions dinner next year at the masters. But he says he'll apologize if Woods is offended. And by the way, Tiger Woods made some anti-dike comments in an interview that he didn't know we're going to be printed to. So while these golfers are nothing but a bunch of Barbison agoya. So David Halberstam just makes a little, a little comment that was much to do about nothing and people are trying to get his ass fired, which by the way, Michael Mayo still hasn't apologized yet. And Fuzzy zeller says something about colored greens and fried chicken. And Ron and Ron have got some bitch on here talking about crackhead, nigger hose. And nobody cares about that. I don't see Michael Mayo calling to write a column about that. Oh, this kosher water is killing me. Oh, God. Open line of day, it's 622. Broward County, last call and Broward. 767 W. I. O. D. We got the big game, the Rangers and the Panthers in New York tonight. Any interest whatsoever. Any interest in anything today. If I spent $9,000 on an engagement ring for my dog. And the Karen case swallowed it. And the ring, too. Would you take it back? That's the question today, okay? I had one in my mouth once. Here's Miami. Hello. Now. Yes. Come on, David. Let's get with it. I didn't want to get French or anything, but I'd hate listening to the phone. Oh, oh. Yeah. What's going on? Haven't taught you the law. I got a goddamn thing going on this place. This is dead as a door nail. We've got to wake these bastards up. Get some of these hot button topics to get these people going. But you get them pissed off. You're still in the air form to do the job. I'm going to be in the air form all day to day. I feel great. I'm finally over this crap I've had for 15 weeks. I'm finally all healed up and ready to rock and roll. And it's time they just can't do it. Well, let me give you some of this place is so dead. This town is so dead. It's dead. Isn't this a dead place? Yeah, kind of. God. But listen now, when I was when you were at their school for calls, I casually walked over and called you. Now, if you were to set the magic words, I would have ran and jumped for the phone. And Rik. Louise. Oh, Louise. You don't like Louise? You don't like Louise? Oh, what's not to like? Oh, Louise, do not. Hey, come on. You say I'm going to play Louise. I think that's what I'm talking about. How about Rik? I, Louise McGill. But you don't mind, and Rik. I think you got a thing for Rik. No, not really. But it's just like last time I told you when you had said, I'm going to start playing Louise McGill. Because somebody doesn't start calling. Yeah. I mean, I jumped. I'm going to start. I'm going to start playing Rik Raleigh, bits of people don't call. Hey, no. That'll do it. What station is, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, go ahead and we want to call. KFI. KFI. KFI. 50,000 watts. How do you call you, or let you know he's doing or anything like that? We talked to him on Friday. We called him and woke him up. Oh, really? Great. He's doing that. He's doing great. There's some assholes think that he wants to come back here. I got news for he's only here for those deposition and that stupid Brian Cox lawsuit. And once he gives the last word on that, he's on a plane and out of here. Anybody that gets out of here, they'd have to be out of their mind to come back here. I were a friend of mine. He was also a big nearly. He left from here to, uh, to Georgia. Right. And he loved it. I said, yeah, he made the big move and, uh, not too soon. I can't wait to get out of here. Oh, I mean, I can't. What a place. This place is a toy. The people are like about his friendly is a cobra. It was, what's up with that lady at night? I didn't do for a couple of minutes. I thought it was like, I thought, I thought, I heard that. The current came makes Erin Summer's sound like Walter Cronkite on a great day. Well, what, what? Yeah, she is unacceptable. But what do you put? What did you find her? How did you get her out of here? She's the girlfriend of the consultant, the Walter Sabos girlfriend. Haven't you heard her say that 4,000 times? I did hear you say that. There you go. Incredible. I'm sure that had nothing to do with the fact she's got the job, but just a coincidence. But she doesn't talk about anything. Yeah. She's got the hot topics, baby. She's got the hot topics. What do you think? Should she give the ring back or not? Should she give the freaking ring back or not? Uh, yeah. Well, this asshole spends nine grand on an engagement ring. Break up. He should get the ring back, right? Yeah. I think they ought to stick the ring in his eyes. That's what I think. Incredible, no. Have a great day, pal. Number one, dude. A Revitarchie. Right. Ciao. Now we got two open lines in day. We just can't keep the go and with it today. The Jews, they're busy. They're still doing their sater thing. They're drinking wine. They're passed on on a floor too much wine last night. From their big sater. If it was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for them. That's what Bonnie said. 11 15 at WOD. Here's something that's good enough for you. It's family back. It's good enough for me. Let me put it this way. If it's good enough for me, it's good enough for you. Okay. If family bank, I don't want to sound like arrogant or condescending, but if family back is treating me great, they're going to treat you great. It's just as simple as that and they will. They don't care what you got like five dollars or five million dollars or something in between, which is more likely. They'll take great care of you and your money. They're not going to make mistakes every five minutes. And if they do make a mistake, they'll look corrected. Humbley like always screwed up and what can we do to make you happy? And here's a lollipop or something like that. They do actually occasionally depending on which color to get. They do stick a lollipop and your thing once in a while. Just because they're great people. They got seven convenient, broder locations. They got the lowest service fee and broder. They got all the features you want. They have a drive through that opens early eight o'clock at the morning every day. They're open Saturday morning even for your convenience. They have ATMs at all locations. They honor seriously honor. Pressed though. They honor honor. And you're just going to love doing business with these people. The old fashioned way of banking man. They get to know you. They treat your friendly. No big song in advance when you try to do a transaction. So fire your unfriendly big chain bank that treats you like a number in a computer. Say goodbye. See you. Give me all my money. See you later. Good luck to you. And head for family bank. They'll treat you great. Family bank member FDIC. 610 WIOD. When the Don is in town, She's not listening to us. Okay, 1118 at WIOD. We have an open line in date 6229463. We have an open line on a mobile one. Purple line, which is not doing too good today. See, when that line ain't doing too good, that should be like doing bioreathems. Like doing psychic readings. As soon as that goes out, it should light up again. Because everybody in their brothers out there driving on. I didn't see no light traffic today. Traffic was heavy duty coming to work. That was all right for me. Huh? But it wasn't lighter than usual. Just because it's pace off. Just because the kids are out of school and Broward. Are you telling me the kids in date have to go to school today on a Jewish holiday? Sounds to me like that mayor penis must be anti-Semitic, huh? The one that sold everybody out to Mickey Erisano just happens to be Jewish two by the way. I just thought of it through that in their for good measure. Just in case you didn't know that Alex, you two faced peace and turd. Mickey Erisano happens to be Jewish and his daddy, Ted, is over there in Israel with nine billion dollars that we ain't never gonna see no taxes on here. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. Are you being great? Rangers are gonna kick up and just ask tonight, huh? Yeah, I doubt that. Four two Panthers. Four two. No. So how many times? Four two Panthers. We have an open line in date. Six two two nine. By the way, get out from underneath that thing, whatever you're under. Okay, do you hear the way sound like Lloyd Bridges? Six two two Wild and date we have an open line in Broward 767-9463. Here's Opalaka. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Science rules. What is it? Science rules. Science rules, okay, but we already heard that. You're the best. That's have a different perspective on it. You're the best. Yeah, we know that. Hey, question. Well, let's move down to the list, wait a minute. Maybe you can give me a quick comment on something. How about politics and scandal? Big hand in hand. Legal system. It sucks. Conspiracies. The way of life. Natural disasters. Can't help it. Gay right. Got to have it. Art and entertainment. That's the same thing. Relation ships in gossip. Go ahead and hand. I just, uh, animals asking were interesting question. That is that if, uh, who was it? It wasn't an atom. Somebody was asking an interesting question. That is the water Sabob, for example, Karen Keta. She have to give the show back. Of course. Okay. Okay, me a love you. To open lines in day six to two nine four six three gasping for oxygen as they can try topics. Just don't get the job done sweetheart. It doesn't get the job done. Because nobody gives a flying crap about some stupid little article out of a newspaper that somebody bought a nine thousand dollar engagement ring in dumb fork Texas somewhere where it canzes. Where it was. Nobody cares. Actually, I should know it verbatim by heart by an other whole article because she read it 65,000 times. Nobody cares. What does it have to do with the price of rice? How does that affect our lives? Why should we care? I would have to do with relationships. That's right. We're doing relationships without the sex. We're doing errand summers without the spice. Without the penis and without the vagina that we're doing it. Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. You're morning. First time call it a very long time with now. Neil, want to let you know just well talk about two things. One, the fact that brown schools are closed today in my son is home. Yeah. They're still a little bit bogus here in that it's a teacher planning day. They did not have the you know what to close the school for pass. That's what I just got through saying. If it's a golly of your holiday, if it's Christmas, if it's Easter or some does your holiday, they're closed for Christmas. Okay. But when it's a Jewish holiday, and we got to close up to pacify the Jews, then it's a teacher's planning day. It's a teacher's work day. The teachers went to the matinee at Highlight. It's something like that. Exactly. Why don't they have the cohorts to say it's a Jew day? Oh, absolutely. And better still my last comment last night sitting around first night's eight or family friends having a good. I like it. I like it. I like it. Yeah. Yeah. My rings. Hi. I'm from the Miami Harold. Would you like a subscription? Yeah. Tom Cox a hoist. I asked what I didn't tell them. And this morning, call circulation vice president and ask if they have solicitors on Christmas Eve calling the subscriptions. Right in the middle of well, you know their anti-Semi-Sederal anyway. So that proves it. That proves it beyond a shadow of the day. The only reason they let Bob Rubin and Howard Kleinberg stay on staff there is because they have a couple of tokens. Exactly. Well, go panthers tonight and who are two panthers tonight. Pisa cake. We're going to wake up tonight. We went into a little coma. We're waking up. They had some a pace of pie. Pisa Juan. It's a Morgan David. They'll be okay. Well, my surprise. They'll be ready to skate. Okay. Goodbye. See ya. So our poll question today is where do we find the chocolate moths? A book was having trouble finding that. Brook, by the way, will not be on tonight again because it's. It's pace Austin. She's real Jewish right now. She's looking. Okay. We have two open lines in day. Six, two, two. We have an unbrowered, two unbrowered. It's very weak. Very, very weak. This is always the worst couple of days of the year. Why do we have no gray men as audience? Are is the whole audience Jews? All those holios out there while a one guy even his brother's named Abraham. What does that tell you? Even our holios, there's our Jews. There are jubans. Six, two, two. Wiod and date. I'm going to play this Bob Kolt segment from the Edmunds game Sunday. It's about three and a half minutes. Great stuff, man. It'll blow out all the calls, but it's great. I mean, it's scintillating. The last couple of minutes there when Edmund. It came from down three, nothing tied it up. And then, of course, went on to win over time. Just unbelievable. Phenomenal. Gut wrenching. Tears your kishki's up. Broward County to open lines at Broward 767-9463. As we, we have an at a call in Palm Beach today. Have we hour and a half, not a call on a, ah, out of timelines. What the hell did the rabbi do? Scourge, Gordian is kosher water man. I'm gagging on it. Good, God. Not a nice Jewish scam here. Life kosher water. What's not to like? And these guys are real committees. Oh, we're having a good time with it. What does that mean? It's got a star of David on it on the label. Does that make it kosher? Does it have a little circle, okay? It has a circle jerk on it. Yeah. It says a little, does it have a circle you want it? Let's see. It says sodium free, big deal. Big Maccia. Oh, it says Big Maccia on her. That's what does it. It don't even have a little circle you want it. How do you like that? Fair. I think it's trif. Let's go to a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, good afternoon, Neil. When is evening to you? Hey, listen, I'm a new daddy. What I'm so excited to talk about it. Yeah. Anyway, just last lady, she reminds me. Whatever that means. I mean, we don't have anything for new daddy, so that'll have to do. Thank you. This last lady reminded me of what incident I had with my new, my new, newspaper delivery person, the Harold. Yes. I was sleeping very soundly on evening and at the 5, 50, and the doorbell rings. So I run downstairs in a, in a, in a, a sleepwalking stupor. Apparently, she had thrown the neighbors from newspaper, up and it landed on my roof, and she wanted me to get a towel for her. And the paper, too. Can you believe that? Unbelievable. 5, 50 in the morning. Incredible. I got you down. Have a good day, Neil. I just got a pound. See you. See you. Okay, we have a deadline. He's reproducing. Daydlines are open. 6, 2, 2, 9, 4, 6, 3. All of them. 6, 2, 2, 2, W, W. I think that guy gave me a good idea before Luis Miguel. Heaven hurt a lot of Luis this year. Too much and Reke, not enough Luis. I mean, we love and Reke at least I do. I love and dearly, you have no idea, but Luis. Exactly. Luis is so great. In fact, I was coming to work this morning listening to Luis during the middle of that show that I don't listen to on our station. And I was taken to myself, how come when he does his concerts here? The herald always has to do this obligatory review where they, you know, take a few shots. Or when he has a new album come out, they have to do. They take a few shots because they know that I am obsessed with Luis Miguel. And therefore, you know, it's the anti-neal thing. If Neil likes it, we got a knockout. Kind of like excess magazine new times. Same mentality. Same much as holes. Dave County, 622, Wiod, all the way. What am I doing this for? What am I doing this? Why do I go through this? I'm not even going to be here. I'm a lame duck. I'm not even going to be here. And I'm still pumping and pushing and Yankee and pulling and twisting. And with the numbers, too. I mean, the guy spent $9,000 on a freaking ring for Christ. I can't you make a comment about it? If you spend nine grand on a ring, what institution should we stick your ass in? That's the question. And if you brought that as an up is a topic on a talk show. Do you really belong on a year? No. There you go. 610 Wiod. Done in Mike. Blow. All right. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Right. What a pretty good Wiod. I'm going to have some more that stale Shamura Matsu in there, but it gets nice and hard like a brick on the second day and, uh, oh, man. It's great. Nothing like having it on a brick when it's going in and coming out. Here's some rise. Hello. Happy days, Achniel. And back to you, sir. Hey, just before a pace, I went over to Admiral Coach Restaurant. Yeah. Oh, phenomenal food. Yes, it is. While waiting online, though, which also was phenomenal. Thank you. Yeah. Walked around the whole. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah. I found this place called the secret. Have you been there? Called one? Secret? What's that? So, a laundry-ray boutique, adult boutique? No. It's place was great. You got to get there. Yeah. Check out their back room. Uh-huh. Wow. What's going on in there? What's going on there? Laptop with those video falcons. Everything you could want. Yeah. You'll enjoy it. Oh, you can do me a favor. From a father that can't do. Who ran the state or the last tonight? Could you play raste of Joe? raste of Joe. Raste of Joe. I'm pace off. I'm going to play that. You make it. Could you make it? Could you make it? Could you make it? Could you make it? Can I play? I'm allowed more than one. I don't know. You said I'd fight. It. Could you make it? Could you make it? Could you make it? Could you make it? Could you make it? I'm gonna make you make me sugar, I'm gonna make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you make you makeOK you don't wear the real knots and not get our facts I am a huge type of guy Rust on me Rust on you Rust on black Rust on you Rust on you On your Rust on you I like Gochichu And I hide the motorbike Chicken soup with honey With a lamp That's what I like Have your imagination Crackish ice cream Flanking and giving filter fish Less much more might be Rust on me Rust on you Rust on black Rust on you Rust on you Rust on you Rust on you Rust on you Rust on you Rust on you Rust on me Rust on you Rust on you Rust on black Rust on you Rust on you You So anyway, can I play? Can I do a request? I know I already played it but How about if we just play this all day? I'm obsessed with it. Oh right. Just the link up. Oh. Oh. 1137. Wild. Happy Passover man, Which is another one of these silly holidays. When everybody sits around, They have a seat and they drink wine and they This, uh, this Mata which, by the way, If we had some smuckers preserved today, man, we'd be smearing it. It would be great. Thank you so much. Smear it on our Schmora mata ever Schmora mata. Here is a fact that says you are unacceptable. acceptable. All right. We did a voted Godfaring W. I would be listers wage war against you. Yeah Oh look at this the difference between Ron and Ron and you is that everyone knows Ron and Ron are pure satirical comedy and that you mean the horrendous things You say yeah, they're not a bunch of rednecks right there pure set there redneck you trailer park trash all you Well, let's see it says it seems that some of my other radius colleagues facts to be for I could but I thought you'd find this very entertaining on Passover from Eric In the culinary oh, here's a bunch more I give you all all that stuff and here's a whole bunch more stuff and the culinary department God says Hathie not sent me to the men That sit upon the wall that they may eat their own tongue and drink their own Scored squirt with you and I say it says that the Lord commanded and now shout eat it as barley cakes and now shout bacon with Dung that come out of man in their sight. Oh God, Masha Taste of kind of crappy to me anyway Then he also says and he shall eat in Leviticus and he shall eat the flesh of your sons and the flesh of your daughter She'll eat as in eat this. Oh, I can't not drink lunch time. I can't read that grow test and to graphic By the way, how come I'm already in the next hours there's some special reason I'll hear this okay 1139 a W. I O D. Here's a mobile and haven't sure hello Hello, yes, please in pay for Last item at a satire and this guy bring over Masha that is covered in a dark chocolate It was so I better has to do something with what I just read there for the Bible It was telling you was delicious. I like the whole thing. Well, I hate to break the news to you, but yeah, yeah So I'm driving you ever had chocolate motsu before it was good no No, it had happened to be very good. What have you been hiding on your life chocolate covered motsu's like famous I'm a guy that converted what the hell do I know nothing nothing exactly So I'm driving an adventurer They're listening to Ron and Ron by the way. They're good Christians. Okay. I'm good God for inquisctions Normally I don't even look at the car in front of me that don't want no crack-hick nigga horrors in her neighborhood Yes, exactly the car in front of me had us had a Fish on there and I'm looking at them saying what the hell does that say and I get a close to it in the middle is said The filter. I ride I like it. Oh, I ride I would I was gonna Where's he got it and I do I have so hard. That's the best. Oh, I gotta I gotta get one of those I have gotta have that no if I could have chased the girl down She made her right before I could catch her. If I could have chased her down I would have grabbed with a snap-sid off her car in the fish too. I love it That was the bad cracked up for 10 minutes incredible. Yeah, but nothing like some good in a frising Jew to take over Jesus There you go One quick request on Facebook. Yeah, the folks smoke so okay. You good. I'll read it there to you. Ciao Two open lines in day six to two nine four six three That's great. You're filthy fish. You've got to get a filter fish on her back here car You can't be all bad if you got one of those other fish on her back here car. It stands for FG for a business guy Here's a lady in dear field Beach. Hello Yes, man. I wanted to respond to the woman who's heard about not recognizing the past of our holiday in the school Yes, and the school you're not allowed to recognize any religious holiday That's why Christmas break to Christian people is winter holidays and Easter break is spring vacation. I see so it's just not somebody taking on the Jews Well, that's an identity religious holiday to the school. Well, that's an ovelie. Okay, thanks Wonderful day and back to you. Okay, below your bonnet Yeah, she's right. She's right. They don't call it that's right. And then you know something. Let's keep it that way Let's keep religion out of the schools. Okay, all these crazy people I want to stick. Oh, if we just put prayer back in a school Just put prayer back in a school. That'll do it right whatever you say There was a great letter to the editor and one of the papers a couple of days ago about that and about this woman's right And when she wasn't school, they had to say the Lord's prayer and I had all this other bull crap in there and in the meantime Everybody was getting knocked up and we're sent off to these finishing schools and Vermont to have their baby Because all the same crap was going on in so sitting down and getting somebody to mumble a few meaningless words I wasn't gonna get the job done. Okay, it isn't gonna get the job done go pray someplace else Like Vincent said and Godfather three loves somebody else Two open lines in day six two two nine four especially with at big snazzy years go love somebody else Okay Sophia you give me heartburn just looking at you would at big ugly. Push my god She couldn't act your way out of a paper sack Here's Fort Lauderdale on a mobile hello. Hello, yes, sir. Oh, sorry. Whoa Happy face over. Uh-huh. That's over. Yes, because well doesn't mean nothing to me But me either I couldn't give her crap less. It's just an it's just another pain in the S. XQ's like people are too busy to be Talking to me. That's what it's all about. They're always too busy. This town's always got an excuse It's the end of the season. It's the beginning of the season. It's spring break. It's uh, whatever They all every all year long. There's another excuse. They're busy. I'm working. Uh-huh. It's like you me too I'm a working Jew on pace off. You know something I woke up this morning and I thought to myself as long as my good friend Brook is taken off today and I bet you there's some other people aren't shown up here today Why the hell do I all of a sudden get religion, you know? What are they gonna do? They're gonna say something to me if I don't come in on pace off I'm gonna start taking off all the Jewish holidays. Yeah, right there you go So that means if I have I'm gonna be here through September 30th if they're gonna play that game with me I've already got like 70 days that are marked off on a calendar that I'm not gonna be here Well, I'm getting the butterflies in my stomach man I'm ready for what you're getting the butterflies. Oh, yeah man. I'm excited for tonight. Yeah, I could wait Yeah, yeah, we got a rough couple days ahead of us, huh? We'll be okay. I know we'll be alright. We'll come back Would you say four two four two and we need to kick some ass tonight right? We need to stick gratsky right where the Mundo and Sean. We need to stick it to them Oh, one other thing before I leave. Yes, Michael Mayo and Doc your both to us bags. Okay, later Yeah, I don't believe Michael Mayo is Jewish. I think he just made that up in fact Dave Halberstein and I were talking about that off the year yesterday. I don't think he's Jewish I think his name is Schickl Gruber We have an open line on the mobile line pound IOD on at purple mobile one line We have one in date six two two nine four six three for you to peruse here today Our topic is is Karen K. We really got a nine thousand dollar engagement ring for Maldor Sabo and does he really mean it? That's the question of the day. No 11 44 WOD System WOD It's not your radio It's just real static Only how Aaron's coming New from the PN company. It's the tuna taco. I love tuna taco Yes, people across the world are coming out of the closet to enjoy a tuna taco. I love sliding my tongue into a tuna taco Don't be in company goes out of it's way to bring you the best in your tuna taco Plus hmm That is your tuna taco. She likes it. Hello. I'm lesbian president of the being company And I'm happy to present new to your dinner table this seafood tuna taco my favorite is tuna taco with crab I bet it is so go on down It's filled up your box with tuna taco also available with cheese tuna taco okay, 1150 a WOD don't forget to cheese We have an open line in date. We got two of them and one at Broward. I want on a purple line. It's it's pays off Band and we asked we asked specifically for Goiam today and we're getting mostly Jews again. How do you like that? We asked for Goiam and we still get Jews Here's Holly would hello Yes, sir. Yeah, hi, New. How are you? I'm going? All right all right Long time listener first time cool. Excellent. Ronald Montes suck. I didn't listen to them from the first day on yeah I put that girl that bitch on K She's the worst. He was talking about how father or something in reference to tax purposes that she He wanted her to put her off a taxi. I shut her well for immediately have a listen to her since yeah Except for Friday night I put her on and she mentioned your name so I wanted to see what she had to say That was the night she wanted everybody to call in to find out that she sucks. What are you doing? She numb the people that aren't that don't like her. Not listening to her right except you No, I don't I put her I shut her right or if I have to that boy yeah Anyway, I think it equates. I think you're a Jesus Christ you would you glad you're everything else I think you're doing good. You said bullshot. I couldn't hear it. I was talking over Did echo on a year while I couldn't hear it if I can't hear it you can say it Listen, I just want to let you know what you're going to a new station. What's the quote letters? WQA Amser What's the number? 560 560 Okay, well the first one wasn't you know he just he just can't control himself. We have two open come on bug quick Make an e's calls two open lines in day six two two nine four six three six two two one and Broward seven six seven one on a purple mobile one liner at pound iod as in a whole bunch of them Okay as in a whole bunch of lines that are not full right now. We got we got Colson madness we got science we got relationships. We got gay rights. We got arts in entertainment We got natural disasters. We got conspiracies. We got water Sabo We got the legal system. We got our freaking $9,000 engagement ring And this audience still doesn't care that's what I have to content with every day for 21 years Tracking to the dead talking to the dead as they say in sunrise As they kind of enjoyed was talking before about people that talk out of the corner they're about like Young Kletchen the Prime Minister of Canada who talks out of the car like this in fact the frogs they all talk out of the corner They're about never trust anybody who talks out of the corner of his post Here's plantation hello How are you doing great my goal here all right two quick small spider ports for you yes On the drive up north i when I started lose your signal which I suppose would be about corals springs I bring well you somewhere on there. I picked up a show called the love doctor's you ever heard them No, I'm not there are a couple funny guys in the I guess in the mid afternoon and probably the same time of your on and they were I mean they were just licking you up and down somebody called mentioned your name because they play funny bits and Pardies like you do yeah, and they said all that guys the best in the business. He's worth every penny You make and we have nothing but the most respect form So I just thought I'd call and tell you that always like those love doctors Yeah, cuz I can't listen to Randy when I get up and West Palm anymore She ever since she got married and like had dinner like had dinner like six feet away from the president and madam shook his hands She's now like the political savior jewel woman of West Palm Beach really Oh she doesn't crack a joke she doesn't play a bit she's politics from the entire thing oh no And lastly wait a minute. Are you telling me she's doing a serious show now? Oh, yeah, oh no She's got she reads political books has political guests on she's gone all political Because she shook it because she met him and his hand too. Yeah, so my final thing is you have to be kidding me aren't you making that up? I'm not Randy Rhodes is doing topical talk I thought maybe it was like something that would last as long as she you know Well, I met the president so for a couple days. I'm gonna talk politics and defend him as an app But here it is you know how long is she been there oh my god Oh my god Speaking of God. Oh my god Oh, finally You would have loved how are this morning he grew a small pair and He did well as little funny press conferences. Yeah, and somebody asked him why he always used the Lord's name in vain and he said let me ask you something so would it offend you if I said Santa Claus dammit instead of God dammit right And I think I was going how he that's it. Okay. I'll read it. I'll read it. We have two open lines in dates 6 2 2 it's all bulk crap baby. It's all about your fantasy But you can't tell these people in this country that because they're so brainwashed They're so their minds are so closed because they've been robbed just like this thing with rob rhiners speaking a rob Hello, yes, who is it guess where they were on yesterday? Oprah do I hate that bitch if I could if I could put in the word She is so funny so fake and she puts it well. I'm only worth like five billion dollars Well, you listen I mean the fact that that woman has made that money first of all That's got to be a sin, okay? That this bitch has made that kind of money with her talent which I can't discover And she comes out with a pseudo sincere Notice the eyebrows watch her eyebrows yesterday at the end of that show which I watched about a total of two minutes flipping back and forth with the other swirl that was on At the end of the show I caught the very end and she's talking about Colin Powell is into this thing too now He's starting a big movement Yeah about you know helping educate the children while they're very young and their brains You know like it's this whole thing that they're discovering now in fact the new news week magazine is got the whole of magazine Is devoted to this thing about how you're you know when you're two and three years old that's when you learn that's when your mind is because now we're hopeless So she says oh well if you'd like to help General Colin Powell health the children of America When she said that you could see her eyebrows were saying I don't mean it it's funny it's bull crap Just show me the money sweetheart Which is nothing wrong with show me the money but don't put on a pretence there like you're gonna save the world Remember she came down here a year or two ago Because they had another deal where tourists got shot or whatever whatever that was going on here Oh, and she had to come down here because she felt that she needed to solve the problem Talk about an ego bigger than her big fat body that disgusting else you the boarden cow look alike. I mean give me a break Oprah You crazy bitch But anyway, Rob Ryan was on I thought I mentioned that what that was I talking about Rob Ryan or was on here talking about something very important About the little kids in about your brain and all of a sudden I got side track with that damn Oprah bitch God is she pathetic and the worst part of is my mother watches that crap my mother is watching that crap Shame on you We're trying okay 610 W-I-O-D Miami Ford Lonerdale Yeah, get baby if you like clown diek bars you'll love bull diek bars Hey you what would you do for a bull diek bar? What's a bull diek bar? It's a big iron bar that bull diek's hitman with say you're a man. Oh, I could do anything I guess you don't have to do anything for a bull diek bar here have another one You pig bull diek bars if you're a man you don't have to do anything just hang around and odds are you'll get one Oh, that you pig You man You pig man Okay, 1203 and W-I-D we're still trying to find out can the orthodox juice call us on a paysaw I guess not uh it's too firm of a holiday is too important Here's the sunrise hello Shallow and Bobby back to you. How you doing okay good? Doesn't movement come from coal in anyways You were talking about coal and power talking about movement coal and power yeah Anyway, he's got a big movement Anyways, this is your old buddy the sign man. I'd like to do your favor. Yeah Um Two things I would like to make you a new license plate for your Corvette. Yeah, and also if you can't find the fish It says you'll filter yeah, I can make you one great any color you want okay? Okay I'll look a nice blue one would be nice. That what you want. Well sure dark blue light blue The color of the star a David blue just like your average pedestrian middle of the road blue You got to make your one as in jublou. Oh make you want to drop it off. Okay. Okay. Thanks so much I guess one Okay, we have an open line of day six two two two two six two two W-I-D we have two open lines in braward 767 9463 we've discovered today. We have no goiimless new of the show Maybe like a smattering here in air. It's mostly jute time. Okay? So thank god we got that goi-shook up caroneron and I cuz one thing you can be sure of He and you probably made she and Jewish Here's North Miami Beach, hello Good morning uncle Neo. Yes, sir. Good afternoon Well, oh excuse me gosh it is one poverty Joe. I'm a goiim and I'm calling in to save the hell with it What's happened? Yeah, how are you great? I'm glad to hear that and I want to just tell you that When you go I'm going with you of course. I want to thank you for your all your stuff about the Acid 90 pounds in seven months now. Wow wow great 90 pounds heavy duty yeah Spend a little time up at the Lorenzo's my office is three blocks though. Oh, they got their rates what what a place that is Oh, it's a great place last a few weekends We got in the habit of going down here on the Saturday, Lorenzo's what a place I mean I have been in there in a long time It'd been a sponsor for a long time, but I just don't get down at neck of the woods, but man what a place that is I just kind of place you walking and sniff the air games You only think you got to be careful with is that one aisle there where they got all the Paraginas and I'll let oh all that Italian candy look out Listen, I'd like to call a couple people do speck yes, sir one bud packs and you're a division bag the undis Shadow Vadal and Tim wise you're a cell phone installing do you and Bill wise too? And Bill wise too. Yeah, you all have a great day. I keep it up Okay, we're down to a precious three calls now, man. We got three. I'm not going to sit here and make up stories for I'm not going to sit here and keep breathing some stupid thing out of a newspaper to you over and over again Assuming that if I read it off of enough somebody might call respond to it because it's a strictured structured format that this is the way that you get a response at a freaking damn talk show I'm gonna tell you last night I you know, I mean this is it's not like something new in revolutionary They've been destroying it for months now, but it just I suddenly came to the realization that this is just mass murder This is destruction Let's get some food in here for pace off. That's what Wayne is walking around for He's wandering around there say let's get some grubbing here for Christ six I got to work with those trailer park trash guys in a morning there. Let's get some food in here anyway So I can take out my frustrations especially since I didn't get that job Which they gave to Joe paparazzi by the way. I look out for him Look out for that Joe paparazzi while he had nothing else to do it defines some reason for his existence We got a morning show that's got 75 different people working on it We don't even have a half a point for each uh employee. We don't have a tenth of a point Red mix okay. We have two open lines in days here. So that I can't I still can't get over I say a lot of crude things on a year mostly in good spirits some of them. I mean but crackhead nigger horror Crackhead nigger horror and they left that bitch on a year So where we're getting food from didn't the Wayne can't deal you know he's used to it. He's become one of them now Batman He's one of them. What are we eating George what are we getting in here for pace off Something really traves something that'll piss off those ultra orthodox Jews in sunrise that are around a front page of the paper and they with a burning bush What can we get that real trade we get Wayne Arnold again, but I don't think they're uh What's the story with them we just had a yesterday? Maybe Jeff will come over for for pace off Do you know how long that's gonna take? And you really want to look at those fingernails in the middle of lunch again. You really you know how long are we doing this again? I knew we don't want to get Karen upset that all her colleagues her contemporaries are asking for free food on here That's disgusting. It's bad radio and by the way does anybody care about that nine thousand dollar engagement ring come on Call up a pony tail see what he can do for us, okay? That sounds really good something really traf like a meat with cheese anything with meat and cheese Here's a lady in Miami. Hello Hello, hello. Yes, man. In Roger. Yes, I am I'm from Jamaica. Yes, mom. I want congratulate you on your mom Quick up cakes on everything you're saying. I admire the way you handle your show. I'm a sharp as a multiple Yes, seems that way I've been on the air for seven years down there really and I must tell you something That don't feel this pendant because you have to move from one station to another I'm a despondent. I'm ecstatic I'm on cloud nine We have the same thing happened down there right making 60 million dollars for a station the most popular Talks your host right all of a sudden one day work over. They didn't want you many more Because they gave him a contract he couldn't sign Right sounds good. Yeah, I'm going out. You had to pay for all the ads that were coming in He was to share and he wasn't sharing in right and but that was political yours is not political I don't think no it is not it's not but no mine is my own decision It's based on the fact that I don't want to work for people who have to know I do what the business is all about Who want to try to reinvent my show and tell me what I can and cannot do and don't keep their word Well, they do the same thing to them down there right, but then that this man just walked off and sure enough somebody has grabbed it There you go. That's what's happened in here for lots more money sweetheart Lots more money more money than God has ever seen and you'll take your people with you right Don't worry about that. I'm taking my people and my pizza. How do you like that when you leave a tour clock? Right, I shot the radio. I don't blame you Those coming on after those playing So it's pathetic. Oh God come on it's everybody just trying to pass time that woman with a nine nine $1000 gauge mentoring yeah, where did that ever come from come from from from a little article a news paper The probably your boyfriend said her said this would be a great topic on a talk show Her boyfriend wouldn't know what talk show if they shoved one up his breakfast. You know what I'm saying I'm the one before just nothing but laugh yeah, but she's she's nice at least she's a nice lady Yeah, she's she like her love. Yeah, she's like her love. Yeah, she's like her love. Well, that's what we're gonna do now They discovered in fact. That's why she's not on tonight. It's not because it's Passover They discovered they can just can't her laugh And they don't have to pay or they just want to play the land. Oh, she's not off. She's not on tonight No, she's celebrating Passover night. Oh, I she's drinking mug and David. That's because she works for Paxon She's gonna get drunk tonight on mug and David. Let me ask you something. Yes, I maybe come a complete this Spanish tone How about your pardon? Has Miami become completely Spanish? See? Just speak Spanish or you can't come here anymore. No say Abla English, I kiss you. Oh, no, please for God's sake I went into the down as yesterday, right? See? And all I was trying to tell them is I saw some war of a cheese there How do I buy it? Nobody in the stores pokinglish. See? This is a massive store. Just say C K That's okay. Yes, I just say S O C K S. I can't believe what's happening. Yeah. What is happening to Miami? It's happening. I mean if you don't speak Spanish, you can't go anywhere. Now you got it. Now you got to get with it sweetheart Okay, he's going near us. It came you'll fetus. Okay, I'll read me there. Gee. See you in Rome See you we have no she's nice In Jake we have an open line in date 6 2 9 4 6 3 we have one in Broward 767 W ID my haircut lady's coming tomorrow No one because Miriam just had a baby Miriam had a real nice big fat baby And so Miriam is you know, she's busy. She's busy and nursing her baby course George wishes he's jealous Open line in Broward 767 9463 you're not jealous sucks not the baby No, I said the baby's nursing So anyway forget okay, we don't have to let's not touch that. I know I wouldn't do no. I'm saying I think you do Oh Two open lines in Broward 767 9463 767 W I would I'm just gonna talk over you like I did the one guy the first time He said crap or whatever he said before which I did not hear it Did you could you hear it in there? Yeah, clear as well. Well, I couldn't hear it if I can't hear it. How the hell am I supposed to? Yeah, I was well, you were in how come you didn't how come you didn't dump it Mr. I was on the other side of the room You better watch yourself And I got a little piece of moths of stuck in my crawl. How do you like that? I got a little tiny piece Two open lines in Broward 767 9463 said but it works nothing while we have it a tiny piece so long as it works 1213 at Wio D610 Wio D I know that the Lord even loves Neorodgers Oh italiano Yeah I feel a water, so forget to think up hill, I should start enjoying that. Thinking pills and not a joke, I'll wait for them both. But you're looking weird, don't go narrow on a smoke. The post-mob stop, and can't give them the ranch. The post-mob stop, stop, stop. Relax, just pick it up. The post-mob stop, stop. Jesus, we'll be heading down. The post-mob stop, stop, stop. Are you? A thousand thousands, oh yeah, oh yeah, the, the, the seperti kidding hallah! I'm sorry! The Implemake Kenny halla! I'm sorry for wasting time yet. Hi! The berbij quera mad. I had no fenh, the post-mob stop, came in the ranch, and the post-mob stop. Relaxage your commands Oh, my god You're man What's the best for her? Probably not. I've seen a W-I-O-D on a great Tuesday. We got food coming from someplace I assume, right? Now where's it coming from? Maybe we don't know yet. What? Well, Joe wasn't there, so they're calling him at home to see if this is your mom. They do. Hey, listen, I'll pay for it. I'll pay for it. No, we can do that. Like I said, I'm not paying for it. Unless it's really good. Why don't you go back to know your actual watch best? Here's Coconut Creek, hello. I'm going to kneel? Yes. What are you doing, Neil? Great. I just saw your billboard on 95. They're out there. Don't ask me why, but they're still out there. These people, they just can't get their ranch together. I saw that big thing in your foot. I saw that big thing in your foot and the cigar too. Yeah. Listen, I have a shameless request for you. Yeah. Here it is. Go, Tomerator. Give me the number for that. Number 21. Choose on the paper. Okay, we have an open line in day. There's a guy's got all his own little. He's got his little recorder set up there and all his little material. I got a pal. See at the VUM. We have an open line in day. 62, 2, Wiod. We have two open lines in Broward. 7, 6, 7, 9, 4, 6, 3, 7, 7, 7, Wiod. Our topic today is if you ever heard art bill. And you ever want to hear them again. That's our topic for the show today. If there's anything else on your mind, goodbye. Our topic today is the weather, storms and floods. All right. Straight out of talkers magazine and the hot list created by Walters Sabo. Here's Palm Beach on a mobile. Hello. I have no idea what to say other than my wife is interested in the 9,000 Valerie. Yeah. And wondering why I didn't get her one. Yeah. And if I... Chief, if you would have just called Karen last night, you could have saved that show, maybe. Oh, sorry. I doubt it. I'm debating a landscaping truck in front of me that's dropping the entire yard in front of me on 95. Great. Damn them. And the last thing is Neil, I just want you know, I'm an ex-Jock Redneck Goye who used to be the biggest football fan in the world. Yeah. It took me two years to understand that the hockey players are easily the toughest sons of bitches. Plans. No context. No context. I mean, I've been football guys to get a hang the other on the bench. They're gone. They're in a locker room crying. Well, I used to get an argument. My friends are away football players about how big they are. But the fact of the matter is the hockey players and just the toughest. And I just can't believe it took me that long too. Bad guys, they're getting George. Okay. And closing. And closing, please play the political song. See ya. The one? We have an open line on the purple line. The mobile one line, pound out. We've got all of Brower again. We just can't get Brower going today, man. Too many sayters, too much managed to have it's in Morgan David. Haven't been to him. Trying to get going again was very often enough to my shot. I'm sorry. Hold the legs on. Let me read it. There you go. There you go. Please get through the tune. Yes. Here's a pass to the live score. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. There's a third. I'm going to check the lineup. There's Anderson Messley, it hurts the end of this lineup. They use this four holes in bunches. And the third edition. The night in the 90's seven. They off of this one of the orders are ripping the page out of the historic pass. By scoring three in the fifth and sixth. six second bless for Yesa Betten she his opinion able remain practicing him that's But not on his own to get us keep to the end of the shot all that just miss Dallas now hanging on back under heels. Ramla final minutes under third period and a three free time. I don't believe in the turn of events here. Get up and 10 tonight. It's the audience coming out for them. Her Husky shot and a goal into the crowd. The Blackhead office stick. That's how I can't believe it. Oh my talking about. I can't believe it either. On believable that was one of the great sporting events in the history of the human race Sunday night Edmonton made that great comeback. It was just spine tingling. If that doesn't send goosebumps up and down the insides of your record. And you're not alive. I'll tell you that right now. I don't know nothing. Browered County everybody else is a filled up at Brower. What do we got to this problem in Brower today? What is the story with the households in Brower today? Have you got some kind of a mental defective problem in Brower today? What is a story too much? Too much mocha to much mirroring with the cream cheese and the smuckers? That's the problem baby. It'll kill you. Browered County 76794637767WIOD. What about if he only spent $2,000 for the ring? Does he get it back anyway? What if he spent $4,000 for the ring? I say the word stupid is operative. 767WIOD. Let's hear some stuff about Karen K today. Okay, let's hear how great she is and why she was only on for two hours last night. It was enough. 1226WIOD. WIOD. Holy Macanot. This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God. Thank you, Joe. 1231WIOD. Here's a facts from Sittsel. Sittsel, that's his name, okay? His name is Oye. Sittsel. Can we say that on here? He says I'm a new list to write a stand you were asking if Jews can call you on Passover. The answer is absolutely. No. Not only phone calls but no driving, no more other, no no. No more other. No, no. I know because I was, I know because I was religious at one time says Sittsel. I still believe in God because of a few undeniable miracles that have occurred in my life but became tired of feeling guilty all the time. I'm undecided about whether I like your show but I'll listen for a while before I make up my mind says Sittsel, some things you see offend me but other things you say make sense. Thank you Sittsel. Why don't you go back to Canada to you, you bastard? 1232WIOD. We have an open line indeed. Sittsel. Is that like Sittsel? That's right. That's not a dirty word for all you go about that are tittering right now. K, Sittsel is something you wear on like today. Unimportant days like whenever a real hot outside you want to smell bad, you put on your tefillin and your Sittsels and your talos and your Yamaka and your big, big silly hat. Did anybody ever call on tell you what those hats are? What do we call those hats besides silly and heavy and smelly? What do we call those big Jew hats? That they're wearing over there in Jerusalem right now in a front page. I'm telling you I really believe that that was in sunrise, not in Jerusalem. Look at it right on the front page. It says celebrating the start of Passover and here's a bunch of ultra orthodox. They're getting ready to go to the Emerald Coast. Look at that. They're dawning. They're rocking back and forth. We're rocking tonight. They're getting ready. They're praying for the panthers tonight. That's right. It can't hurt. Say an extra brocho, okay? Say an extra brocho. That Wayne Gretzky will break a leg. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, what's happening? Yes, sir. Hey, this is a guy calling on pace up from Connecticut man. All right. Great. Congratulations, dude. I like your show, man. What's not to like? Hey, you're all over it. This has got a question for you. Yes. It kind of deviates from the topic. It's up to you. Did you say deviate? Did you say deviate? deviate? Are you a deviate? You like you already, yes, sir? That'll bite. Listen, it's just a, you know, the reason is kind of like a need to know basis. Let me ask you. Can I ask you a personal question? That's absolutely. I already know the answer. You are circumcised, right? Hello, big guy. Listen, man. I got a question for you. No, seriously. My favorite team is at the Yankees. Wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Slow down. All right. You don't know what the world, the word mean circumcised? Well, it's this action on my favorite topic, my brother. No, but is that a difficult, in other words, you can't deal with that? Is that a personal? Well, I just wanted to know if there's any homosexual baseball place on the Yankees. On the Yankees? Yeah. Let's see. Yankees. They got Yankees. Who that? There's nobody left on the Yankees. David Cohn. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, you're kidding me. Yeah, David Cohn, Joe Gerardy, he's a fact. There's a B.S.U.S. Because we'll see it for the morals and the Yankees in the world through. I call it a Wap Pitcher. They got what else is named that. That's the? Who? Nelson? No, no, the Grisball pitcher. The Yankees. Oh, maybe a million. Maybe a million. A million. A million. A million. A million. A million. A million. A million. A million. A million. A million. A million. Jackson? Tabii. Yeah, Carl Paul. Yeah. Mom. Greer, salud. Well done. What Vlog did you make with all this? Being a preacher? For now I really know the story. What you do? Next time, what did your job be about? What the? First time and last time. femmes. Really? Okay, he was a commie-pingo bastard, I think. Here's a mobile in Oakland Park. Hello. Yes, sir. I was wondering, you don't read the hero, no, but why do not? Why do they have a bunch of Jews on the front page of that paper, too? I'll talk about Jews in a second. Alright, let's get to those Jews. Sunday, they had all the picks from the draft and the Dallas Cowboys take that David LaFluer tidy up. He looked flurry, he's playing with the Cowboys now. He was six, six, two, eighties, pretty good looking guy and it said, Troy, eight men put his stampable approval on him. Yeah. And they got his quote. He put something on him. Yeah. The guy's quote was, I couldn't believe he came down to see me. I think you must read it. I think it's said he put his stampable approval on him. Anyway, out of Bonneville, yes, they did deliver. He's a never more skull cap out there, yes, today. Then I've ever seen him my whole entire life. Yeah. Little kids running around with beanies. Oh, oh man, with the curls coming out of the sides of their ass, long gross beard. It was like a sewer plant out there. Well, you know, this an old Jewish saying, if you can't have a big weenie, at least we're a big beenie. Well, they have a heep national weenie, I think. There you go. Alright, have a great day, Pell. Give me a big kiss for us. Okay. Okay, I'll play it. I'll play it. I'll play it. Don't play it. So watch what I say. When this quote aback, it's lonely. She likes receiveers better why. I like it. Some people say, oh right. Number eight is gay. Yes, I am. They say, Ain't noo, t'o thought say it wash fan about tophenies. The world imbering through time to take them down because they God is partless reputation. You've turned America's team is world renowned. But it's droggy. I've heard some people say... Oh, great. In the heart of he goes down. Eight men. He goes down on his knees, eight men. I can't see the stars. Don't clip him cause he likes it from behind. What is that? More paychecks. We're getting to more paychecks now. Come on, let's get a bunch of paychecks in here. One would like a whole bunch of zeros on it. In fact, Wayne was telling me before I said all the paychecks he gets, that's all it's on, there's a bunch of zeros. We have an open line in Broward, 767-9463. I said a countermeasurement that Wayne showed you work on Wayne, bunch of zeros. Here's Carl Gable's. Hello. Carl Gable's. Gone. Carl Gable's is gone. Some spik in a Gable's left us in a lurch. Well, thanks a lot, Julio. We have an open line in date, 622946. Thank you so much, Leslie. I mean, Lisa. Well, I'm on a call you, Lisa, for the rest of the time that I'm here because they're least I like being consistent. Even if you're wrong, we consistently wrong. I call Leslie Lisa one day and George is never going to let me live it down. That was embarrassing. See, when I've discovered the best thing is just pretend you don't know anybody's name because then you'll ever make a mistake. Is this a letter or a check? It is a check. Look at that. See, when I psychic or want to look at George, I open up the envelope here's a check. Made out to center one for 20 bucks. They probably want something. So just cross out center. Want to put your name on it. Just a joke. Been a big fan by papaya from Carl Springs. Tom and Carl Springs, what does he want? Tom wants something. No question about that. Tom wants, thanks for getting out from the oppressive packs and regime getting a big raise and getting a paid European vacation by papaya. What does he want? $20. Representative, oh, this guy lost 20 pounds on the Atkins. Any sending us a buck for everyone. Nice going. Tom and Carl Springs. Thank you, Tom. A lot of people promised that they would send us a buck for every pound of the lost to center one. On the Atkins diet didn't do it. We don't even hear about Atkins much anymore except to call it before. Lost 90 pounds. Here's another dumb facts from Pasquale. Karen Kaysa, then on her first date, she and her boyfriend were deciding to move in together. She told him that she was a high maintenance bitch and he would have to quit smoking cigars and he did and she trained him to put the toilet seat down. Want to think about Walter's table, baby? Everywhere he goes, the toilet seat is down because they know that there's going to be a heavy load soon. At one point in her show, she sneezed and after her commercial brace, she came on complaining that something was all over the microphone and said, what the hell is this stuff? Who knows what disease the people before me have and I don't want their germs? How do you like that? She don't want to catch her germs. Well, there you go all over the mic sweetheart. And here's another one. I want to give you a hand. There you go. Moe brother, she's something or what, huh? Snoody bitch. So anyway, here's a check for center one that you can give to Tracy. How do you like that? We're not even raising money right now. This checks are still coming. And thank you, Tom and Carl Springs, and keep up the good work. Here's Carl Gable, hello. Yes sir. Can't hear you. Can't hear you. Are you on a pay phone? Are you on a pay phone? I want a pay phone. Bad phone. Speak up. All right, do you hear me? Yeah. All right, I just took something. There isn't why you're following the call. So you're following the call. So you're following the call. When you're calling, when you're requesting call, I was trying to get through it. They're busy. Yeah. Sounds like somebody's a fussy gunner. They're patchking with our phones. It's probably that Roy again. And one thing. Probably a packs in plaque. What is it? Are there panter packs? Take it for the playoff? Yes. They are. I think so. Aren't they? Maybe not. I don't know. I have to find out for you. They can find out in a client's please. Okay. See, I'm not really sure about that. Are there animal animals, though? Not panther pack for the playoffs? What? We don't know. We'll find out. Okay. We have an open line in date 62. We go on a mobile one. Purple line. Somebody just hung up there. If you're real fast, pan IoT, grab it. Squeeze it. Yankee, pull it. Here's Holly. Hello. Hi. I used to listen to Jim Phillips up in Orlando. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. So I know you're not the only one that schleps for food. Yeah. They schleps for food all the time. Everything that I do want to hear people rip off. Lee, followers begging for food. Jim Phillips is begging for food on a year. It's not really, you're not begging. You're just saying you're just food and people not really. No. People are bringing it. That's right. And it's good to have to bring it. It's good to bring it for, you know. So if it's anybody's problem, it's people that are bringing in and they're thinking of it. This is broad that we got tonight. This bitch, she's got a problem with everything that everybody else does here. Okay. Everything that everybody else does. She's got a problem with it. I didn't realize what to say. This. Yeah. She's been here three and a half week. She's the expert because the consultants are boyfriend. And some of us are leaving anyway. So she's the expert. That's fucking bitch. Right. But anyway. Have a great day. She just vanished. Okay. We have an open line in day six, two, two, nine, four, six, three, six, two, two. One on the out of town. Sometimes that happens. They just freeze. They're just so overwhelmed by my magnificence that they just can't deal with it. Anyway, good points. We'd all thank you so much and have a great pass over and pay so much and Easter and poor and whatever you're celebrating because it's all a bunch of bubble mice's anyway. Don't ever forget that. That's the one message from this show. More important than all the others put together. More important than all these contrived topics. Okay. See, there's something called credibility. In other words, if you come on here and you're talking about stuff and you've got some credibility and it means something. The not that we're going to change the world. But all these stupid lists of stupid ass topics. Guess what, Walter? You wouldn't know a talk show if they slid for it. If they slid, wall, worse limbo and Gordon Litty up here. You still wouldn't know a talk show. Okay. You wouldn't recognize it with a magnifying glass. And the show either. Fony, phony, phony is the day is long, phony, baloney. It is clone, the same thing man. His clone. Send in the clones. Hey, all this business about cloning humans. I mean, what's the big controversy about that when we all look, well, already got Walter Sabo in his clone. 1244, Wiod. Let me tell you about something no clone in around here. There's your a check by the way, Tracy. Tracy just came in here and grabbed it. And the check too. Put away those purple pajamas when your people are starting to talk. 6 times Wiod. The station that reaches the beaches. The key to be heard in the office. Hey, we know our limit is coming. Rock, dirty, till me. Yeah, but wait a second. Yeah, I'll do all through Sabo in a black and sedan. I want you to hop inside my company car. I got the pictures. In fact, the neat side of my hand. I'm gonna make a U-A-Rainee O' Stop. Okay. I'm both through Sabo, baby. I can do anything I want to do. And you're concerned to promote. And I'm gonna make a so-to-use. I'm giving that so. I'm a rept show. Yeah, I'm going belong. I've got some boy-up. I've got some power to mold in the show. Oh, you know I do. Where are I have a way to get your own show? I have the stations out in Hollywood. And I don't care if you're creating a law. Just as long as you can stroke me good. I'm all through Sabo, baby. And you'll do anything I want you to. I'm your good sons and woman. I'm gonna build your own. Oh, oh, oh. I'm just talking to real son. That's why I'm like insulting because I'm just an asshole. Yes, I am. 1250 W-I-O-D. We're being Sabo-wise here at W-I-D. You can tell you, you can tell it and feel it and smell it. Hell it. Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. Hello, how's it going? Great. I think the pants are going to take them tonight. 3-2-1. 4-2. 4-2. We'll take whatever we can get. 4-2 sounds real good to me. I got a real strong feeling on it. Are you going to play that last goal? The wedding goal? Or is it on it? Or is it on it? Or is it on it? I beg your pardon the wedding goal for Ottawa? No, no, no. Or the one you just played. You mean Buffalo? The game, yeah, the three three, but they want it 4-3. Oh, you're talking about the wedding goal for Edmonton? Yeah. It was good. It was about the 18th time. You might be able to do that. Okay. I appreciate it. Okay. And do you spag? Yeah. Frank, fat, bronze, your old do you spag? A bunch of fags. Okay, pal. See ya. We have an open line in date 62. By the way, speaking of that book of Brian just came in and looking a fat. Oh, look at that. So as I said, that he pulled his pup again. You see that? But that was amazing. Didn't, and it didn't help too much either. So anyway, broker Brian says that Keren King is really something. He wishes he could say it on the air. And can't stop it. Keren all this back there. He has played an extra to see Keren for Evan's time. Keren, come the orders. It's from back from book for Chris. Shoot stars. Look, beggar. The orders. You win it. Oh, look. Oh, look. Look, look, look, look. Look, look, look, look. Look, look, look, look. Look, look, look. Look, look, look. Look, look, look. Look, look, look. Look. Look, another player. Look, look. Look, look. look. Really. Look, they set the game up. We have played this game, AAMAN, but that was some game. I asking them, old game. Sorry, I missed that, cos, what can I tell you? We have an open line of date, 62, 29, 4, 60, 3. If you guys had the right set to dishes. If you had your milk kick in a flask and a big dish in the small dish, then you'd be, I'll say you'd see some good stuff. Here's my'mi. Hello? Miami. Buenas. Hello? Yes, sir. play with it. How about chess players? Yeah. No, I think badminton players have got it on there. Yeah, watch out for that shuttlecock. Anyway, yeah, that too. Yeah. I got a request for you. A couple of weeks ago, you played something. A buddy of mine was driving on this truck and you played something called cowboy dick, I train. Yeah. And he ran over his neighbor's dog. Did he? From Laf and so on. All right. You could play that today. What kind of a dog was it? Oh, it's a month. It's a dead dog. Now. Okay, then we'll play it. Thanks. Okay, see you. Okay. What happened right there? We were smoking man. We had him lit up like a Hanukkah bush. Water would have been proud. He would have been pissed off. We have an open line at Broward 767. We have two in date 622. These hot topics are doing it for me today. Allen Ginsberg. This audience wouldn't know. Allen Ginsberg from Arnie Ginsberg. Hey, what's eating? Cowboy dick. Hey, look at rules. There's nothing like a little cowboy dick. I screwed up. I want something. I've got a craving. Yeah. Well, how about some cowboy dick? Sure. All the cowgirls love my cowboy dick. Oh, and I should know, because I'm cowboy dick. I like my cowboy dick with some nuts. No problem, partner. Introducing cowboy dick with not so big you can hardly wrap your lip around. My onions love cowboy dick. I'm filled your posse with my cowboy dick. Oh, cowboy dick. Here, try it. How is it? I can't talk. My mouth is full of cowboy dick. He's smiling. He's smiling. He's feeling your mouth with my cowboy dick. A cowboy, and your grossest freezer. Once you've had your first cowboy dick, you won't ever go back. When you're filled with cowboy dick, you'll scream. Hey, say it again. Okay, 1254. WI would do. We have an open line in date if you move quickly. If you get right on a hot topic. I like guys in time. Still he's showing. He was always stealing everything with joy. Even though the couple of Asian boys. I don't know. I'm down and down. He went in and out. He went like a redneck. Those two are going well. He should stay away. But he could not. He needs the cash and he likes ass. And soon he'll feel that burning desire. But he's got a and his star sign fire. He's had lovers all around the world. Yeah, because only three of them were girls and he's all and he's got each and soon down and down. He'll go under the ground. He'll go on magic. Just a box of bones. 104 WI. What are you saying now? What is that? What is that? What is it? A far-go tape? What the hell is that thing? How the hell would you send it to a wide screen collector set? What do you call that? What do you call those things? It's snowball. Is that what you call them? All these years I've lived and I never knew what you call those things. You know what the little thing with the snow inside. It's a snow, but that's not what they call. Shake me. It's a numbered snow globe. That's what it's called. It's a snow globe. Fargo, collectors letter box edition. Wow, such would be impressed by that. What's that other crap? Why do you want this? Because I bet your audience would like it. Yeah, there you go. There you go. It's audio. It's free stuff for George. And that's not to be given away either. So what's the point? So we're not so what are you talking about giving away? Who said anything about giving away? God, damn it. We have an open line in day. It's 622. So how's Pete's Paxon coming by the way? We have an open line in Broward. 76794637767Wild. Here's the West Palm Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. How you doing today? Great. I will have some of that though. I'm going to eat the topping of the great fantastic the best day of my life. It's the best day of your life. Wait a minute. One second. Let me take a look. Let me see it. Let me see that your sausage you're at him. Oh, I'll have the pepperoni. No, I'll have the sausage. No, I'll sausage. Yes, man. You got the sausage. I got the sausage. Cool. It's George taking the snow globe. Yeah. Oh, God. Why don't you already on a phone? Who me? Yeah. No, it's listening to when he picked up for the snow globe. Yeah. When you were talking about the snow globe. And so you called just for something for free? No. You already were on there when I was talking about it. I was already on. Well, that's what I'm saying. So don't pretend like now that we, you know, George is taking it home. I don't want the snow globe. Because George deserves it. Oh, I'm just mungum. I'm sure. I definitely don't want the snow globe. I'm calling from about the canther. I just munged on myself. Okay. My lot to do that while you're eating lunch. You go ahead. I want to try and get some enthusiasm going here today. I heard Eddie miss the plane. All right. That would be the best news. Tell me about it. Maybe he did. And you didn't see needle nose on the cover of cigar, a fish you're not. No, I did not. I heard about it. Oh, him and dad. They're all pissed off about it because they said that now he's sending the wrong message to all those little kids about smoking cigars. And I think they got a good point. Nice. No, and go a needle nose next to be doing chewing tobacco. Yeah, that's why he's only making 10 million here. Yeah, right. And can't chew the goal in the first five minutes, right? He's got to sit on the bench to get the hang now. Uh-huh. So it's taking him out tonight. I would say probably Paul laws. You think so? Paul's going to come back and give us little actions. He's going to spear them. Because I heard the coach said no fighting Paul can't you can't fight in the playoffs. Don't you understand? Sweetheart, you're very few fights in the playoffs. You can't get the penalties. But I don't want to see Billy doing all that crap. No, that was bad. And then the coach says, well, I can't knock him because we've asked him to step up to kind of play. But you don't leave your feet and do an obvious charge and further referee coach. You can't tell this coach nothing. You know, he plays his favorites. I'm yes. We know who his favorites are. And who are not. And who are not? And we're not who are going. Yes. Do not leave the left at last as often. Strock. Okay. Listen, Neil. Can you do me favor? Yes. For a little enthusiasm. Yeah. Because you are God. Little hockey night tonight. Oh, God. That'll be the end of this show. No, I won't. That'll be the end of these calls. You always got me. Okay. Okay. See you. Thanks, Neil. We have an open line in date. 6222 WOD. So thanks to a florist by the way. This is the florist right up here in Hollywood. Not the one down there or our friends down. But we sure miss everybody down there. Don't we? We don't just florists. We'll also do a miss down there. Sonny, we must sign it which I know that he's totally out of business. Poricone. Let's take up a collection for Sonny from the market. Oh my God. What? That's good. Have you seen the size of these balls? What did he have? I saw him. He had a good line. Okay. Let's hear him. They got Sonny on the causeway. Yeah. It was funny when he said it. We have an open line in broad. 767. This is disgusting. Man, he would my mouth full here like this. Usually I'm capable of doing better than this. Too bad. Here's water. Hello. Waterhill. Yes, sir. Oh Jesus. I didn't sound like me with a kneeball in my pussy. Are you eating your food? I know. I'm really great. Oh man. Listen. What? What did you see? What did you see it in the mirror? How come I said sausage and you gave me pepperoni and mushrooms at him? And how come I said sausage and you gave me pepperoni and mushrooms. You idiot. See what a section 106. 106. I was there. I'm Thursday night. Yeah. My wife. Give a tour of a birthday. Yeah. And what did it say? We could see. You gave it to her for a birthday? Well, you know, I gave her a birthday. Yeah, I bet. No, yeah. Why? That's the present honey. Yeah. Yeah. It was a present. But I wonder you heard to me too. I bet you already. And we had shows on university. Yeah. You can my son. I told you. You were my hero. Right. Yeah. This is all. That's why everybody was looking at you so strange. Hey. Hey. Is Eddie more take a slap for the next two games on here in Miami? You know? I don't think so. No. Go on. I don't think so. He's quite. All right. Well, even he can't get in. You. How are you? You. So top 10. It was nice. It was nice. So I can see you are a matter of material. Okay, pal. What did it say? Good. You know, hello. And let's go. Okay. Hello and goodbye. Have a great life. You too. Bye. Bye. We have an open line of bread. We're getting some enthusiasm going now. Let's play that hockey song. Where is it? I don't know. I have no idea. It's not on this thing. It's not on this thing. So get that one out of there. Okay. Take that damn thing out of there now. And let's get one of those mini-discoyons. See, I'm a little nervous about putting any different ones in there because it's going to blow up. I think it's a plot. I think Roy has wired these things so that every time we put something in there, all of a Turalon is going to disappear. It's going to vanish. Did you have any luck with that other one by the way? Number 13? No, I did not. No, and you won't. We're going to call the technical people. Well, let's do it because there's some great stuff on it. All that Mike Lane, the best Mike Lane stuff in the world is on there. And it's all going to vanish because this equipment is f-dop. Okay. It's the Paxon disease again. Every damn thing they touch. Turns to a cramp. Every sticking thing that the Paxon might as touching reverse. Oh, we're not playing. It's come on. Put the cramp. Well, yeah. Oh my god. You've got to be young, can you? Oh, we're all the Pitch Guns going straight out the lights. Place a field, I can go to Saturday Lane. I can fast-breaking for the old lights. Place a field, I can go to Saturday Lane. Storing this. Take me to here. Pull the last place. I can't even walk this. Revenge in my sights. Guns going long. Good Saturday Lane. In past breaking breathe for the old lights. Place a field, walking clear. It's Saturday Lane. Let's kick some ass tonight. Panthers four Rangers two. I can feel it. I can smell it. I can hear it. I can sense it. Open line of Broward 7679463767Wild. How about those penguins? How would I turn to their going down? Maybe they're going down four straight. No defense. The pan the flyers got too much force right there. And if New Jersey wins their series, which they will over Montreal. So what does it look like? Us in Philadelphia again, huh? That's what it looks like to me. Us in the flyers again. Game one, Eddie goes out there, Spears Lindros, you know, Tit for Tat as they say can we say that? Get some out of there, get his ass out, get's Eddie out, we win. Here's Hialia, hello. Hialia. Hello. Yes, sir? Uh, hello. What's up? Uh, can I call somebody or queer? Can you call somebody or queer? Look at the mirror, man. Just whisper it, mic it out. We have an open line in date, 6229463622. There's a little punk in Hialia who has a very, very small penis, okay? Like a raisin. Pina's like a raisin. There would be a good song for Book of Bryd to be working on. Work on it, Brian, and the song, too. 1, 13 at WIOD. Ah! 622. WIOD. When McDonald's in town, she's not listening to us. No, no, no, no, no, no. What are you doing with us? What are you doing with us? You loved him in charge. Down and out in Beverly Hills. Close encounters and stake out. Richard, drive us. Richard, drive us his back. In his greatest role ever, a high school music teacher with a nasty problem. music music music Excuse me, Mr. Holland's ainted. Welcome. Mr. Holland, why are the jurbles in my science class missing toenails and real stinky? Well, I am. You see, you sick bastard. Mr. Holland's ainted. Welcome. Hey, Larry, my favorite midget pal. Come on in. I'm a person of small stature. Thank you. Mr. Holland, when you eat Mexican, I'm always the first to know. Ah, sorry. Yes. Ha ha ha. Mr. Holland's aintest. Sticking up a theater near you. Hey, what's that smell? He was smelted, doubted, buddy. One 18 to Wiod. Oh, man, I get an heartburn. Good stuff, but man, I get an heartburn immediately. Thank you so much. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing great? No. Neil, I'm going to ask you about a hotty. If you can explain to me the new rule about the, you can't shoot from the crease. You can't shoot from the crease? Is that correct? Yeah, you can't shoot from the crease. It's too close. You have to back up 10 feet. We have an open line in date. 622Wiod. We have an open line in a brown line. 767, 463. The panther hockey fans are right at again. Maybe what's that little hard round black thing, huh? I don't know. You better ask Graham James. He's seen a few. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good talking to you, sir. Likewise. So far so good. Neil, I wasn't asked you before any other thing. How's our one minute? I'm doing the interview. How you doing, Fred? He's doing sensational, yeah. Great. Tell him why. He's one happy Julio. Yeah. Neil, another thing. You've been on business for 21 years, right? I've been in business for a longer than you can imagine. Since before my thusal was a baby. So you can handle all types of our college, cancha? Like what? Like, for example, I get every time I try to make a comment or a, uh, try to talk to you. Hang up on me. Yeah. Well, I mean, what does something you can handle? What are you talking about, sir? What are you talking about? What kind of cock are you talking? No, no cock. I mean, what cock are you spewing, sir? What kind of speedam? What is it? You're more in the radio than I am. Yeah. So what's the point? What is it? What is what do you want to say? No, I'm because, you know, like, yeah, yeah, yeah. Bab-bab-bab-bab-bab. Here we go. Here's a special dedication for this guy. familia, Are you thinking about it? I am not sure where it is. I have nothing to learn. Here we go. Here we go. Me. Me. Paale. Moment. It's Kami. Should we go to vul Ilayen? Yeah, they say Lion. I can't believe that you want these CDs? I can't believe it. Just want to get a couple things off of them. Yeah. I bet I know which one of them is here. I think George has been hanging around with the people that were purple with Jamaz or something. And what the hell is this? Oh, God. Let's see. Fuck about a bag song. Oh, if I were here, Donna's summer again, it'll be too soon. Oh, here we go. Here's another one. Wait a minute. One moment please. This will do it for you. This will set you right on your ass on pace off. Okay. I'll take a tight tight. George is converting and we're not talking Judaism. I like it. You fact know your music. Just lick them. God help us if they ever learn how macarana. That's a great spot. That Pepsi's spot. Pepsi's got the best spots, man. Pepsi and Snickers. In fact, there's nothing like eating about two or three of those big king sized Snickers bars while you're down in some real not diet but regular Pepsi with all that heavy sugar in it. All right. Here's dear field. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. Yes. Seven year listener and first time. Great. What is it? What is it? It's my, my medicine is run out till I need to do it. Sounds like a deal. I'm from Century Village. And I don't know. I just want to say hello. Okay. And goodbye. We have an open line in day. It's 622Wild and 212767. I'm trying to get to another one. It's one of those. It's got to look at how I'm munged on my shirt. Oh my god. You're going to burn and hell when you're mung on your shirt on pace off. God. I look like fat rich on a bed day. I guess I'm going to have to do with my teeth. Come on. Open up already. Oh, and I just broke the plastic. You're never going to be able to play this thing by the time I get this thing open. What? Why don't need that? Just one moment please. Just relax. I'm just going to dig this damn thing. Like I said, I think I need that. Okay. Open line in day 6222 and Broward 7679463. Got some great music in here. We could play. We got Diana Ross. We got wait. Wait. Wait. Before we open this. Let's see if there's anything worth opening it for. This is crap. And Donna Summers on here again with last dance. Okay. Enough with Donna Summers already. That bitch. Oh, my. There's nothing but crap on here. Last dance reprise. The one that goes on for like 7.5 minutes. That one's on here. Tell my Houston. Get this crap. Give it to that spick in here. That's silly. God. All muddy. He acted like, oh, don't give that stuff away. There's really important stuff. Like what? What was on there that you want that anybody would want? But you're crap. Thanks again for more crap tracing. What is your problem? What is this? What do you keep sending us? She just sent it to you. She didn't send it to me. It's all about your crap. You're taking home. Including that nice thing with a snow globe. That that woman wanted so badly. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing? Great. I was wondering if I could ask you a question or something. If I'm a hockey now, I was in the Panthers came in. I have yet to come across some of who can explain to me. What? Plus and minus the typical agent. What the purpose of it is. The purpose of it is to have something to talk about. It's the stupid statistic for the most part. And it means how many goals are scored when a player is on a ice. Four and against the team at full strength. Penalty's power plays don't count. So when the man is out there and the teams are at full strength, six is side. How many goals are scored? Four the team while he's out there and how many schools are scored against. Is there any like a near award at the end of the season for this or anything? Yeah, there's the Alka Selcher plus minus award. Also, it's one of the all for the prediction. The Panthers won three to one on an empty net score by Savela tonight. And also, one of the if you can, can you play Star Wars Kiskin casino? How about Star Wars Cantina? Yeah. That'll have to do. Okay, well, have a great life. Okay, two open lines in day six to two nine four. So he just obsessed with that. Is he the guy? This one Julio, I think it's him. Loves that thing. Just calls every five minutes for that. And of course, if we want to format this thing right, we don't want to keep playing the same stuff over and over again. Because Walt's table get really upset. But you know what I say? Screw Walt's table. That's what I say. I think it's on this 49. Don't you George cut number 17. Let's give it a shot. Yes, sure. Sure. You're going to show. Okay, sir. I can't play it for it because George is going to show. Well, I think it really is. Let me just check it out. What a genius man. What a freaking genius. So what do you think? Politics, scandal, science, the legal system conspiracies. Natural disasters. Let's have one. The name was Leia. She was a princess. With the Danish on EG. And I'll draw it here. So I'm too deep too. The man can know me. Oh, we have to put the desktop land. Into the rebellions hands. So you can open one. Have to get to all the runs. So they stopped into more sadly. To have a drink with fun at the start. What a star was kept in. So where does creatures you've ever seen? He had the star was. Star was kept in. He was taken by a star. And all Jedi masters at the star. What a fool. I saw the name with solar. I'm so. He was a pilot. With the faster that it starts. And a smile, well-possessed. Why there with two bucks. He was a lucky. They met with looking only one. About the millennium. Fuck under. In the 1990s. All the cool. Don't you present a star. With the flash of Ben's life. There's nothing on the ground. The stars. Star was kept in. The star was kept in. The star was kept in. The weird screeches you've ever seen. He had the star was. Star was mixty. Music in. Monster Ganos Jedi masters at the star alone. There's no ice theatre space book. You're middle-fine. The small rhyme, . Rets his high. his name was Yoda he was a moped boy Darth Vader was so bad and by the way he's looks that he gets his sister his hand got kindle in that galaxy fought for a lukes had allows he day bomb up that was so me Jabba had bad hygiene white didn't they all just relax back on time to win at the star wars Star Wars can't be done don't with creatures you've ever seen the star wars Star Wars can't be done music and laughter and all Jedi masters at the star wars the Force will do with you all all what twenty eight wild where everybody is Jewish man his place is vacant today is that it's like deadly here everybody got the religion today man everybody is passing it over they're eating a monster they're drinking a wine mostly the wine part I want to do a give you the real thing here in the old and that's the place for me I got the brand new Nike's and I'm ready to die eight boys in jail with the rest of the guys that is the own be to watch Bill Cosby do it every time 133 at WIOD on a great Tuesday happy pace off maybe this is the kind of day it's hard to pass over here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir when is this hey no when is Tadadace when it started this see back at you got a roll them are I did okay let's a first of all topic flow topic only concerned a few amount of people that are interested in whatever particular topic that's right that's what I tried to explain to Walter Cousin was he was tried to pick my mind and steal my material a couple of months ago when we had a very nice very mediocre meal at Denny's up to street I explained that to him okay immediately as soon as you hear somebody with one topic and it's really boring and terminal like about that stupid engagement ring 98% of the people who give a flying crap about the engagement ring they're turning it off and then you lose any carryover people maybe listening from whatever you know like your show the carries on the reconousness on it so far right but who cares about some asshole with his stupid damage engagement ring anyway I mean that's for sure if I had nine thousand dollars like that I shouldn't be buying a ring for the one if you could afford to buy a nine thousand dollar ring who'd help with care if you got to pack anyway you're probably loaded you're most cubic the colony and they won't know the difference right tall-up buddy but get a pubic's your cornea well listen I called you last week in in left a message why don't you leave a message with those people over to a QAM about once again tonight I'm gonna have to listen like a radar station with the seven ninety-one oh we had a call on it earlier and uh... belongs on kiss of belongs on the FM Greg get it on the FM and stops short-changing our panthers dammit all in the other station at somebody can hear with a full post game show and give it some justice this is a playoff game for Christ sakes what do you think that's our was very fortunate I do have a big dish I did not have to watch at stupid blue and red buck thing I got to watch it on the CBC Sunday great well it be on here tonight you think uh... yeah they're doing our series are they it'll be on all the were down here it'll sure be on from up there you bet all that great and I have to worry about seven ninety-two I there you go that's great this cut for john garrard you could do worse you're right I could have to sit out here like a radar in fact I'm glad you reminded me that I'll have two choices I can take both the feeds tonight right just in case rumors cruise up you know what I'm saying I was so grateful I thought it out when when I turn a game on and I thought out a little blue thing I said wait a minute you said what's that got to be and so I flipped through and there it is on a box is an abortion man they're killing the game the game's last for four hours there it's long it's pondered they delay it they stall it they did a little out they got that stupid blue thing it's three rows up in the crowd the whole game fox hasn't got a freaking clue they don't well you have a good day go panthers and please no topic okay take your meal see yeah so what do you think about uh... your capital punishment uh... let's bring it back to try to the true let's bring some new ones back how about service in the department store how about if you went into one and a buy some batteries okay first of all I don't think you go into the department store to buy batteries anyway you go into your supermarket and you're drugstore but they got a whole section of batteries and you see the little ones there the triple a's and then there's the quadruple a just pick them off and they're in go pay for me dummy up okay and stop with these stupid contrived topics that nobody cares about just like I predicted tonight tell you this and then I come on here and tell you as soon as they got this asshole consultant and we had that stupid meeting up there at that hotel which got all you know how much that cash cost up there way to help back in October yeah but we got nice notebooks yeah we got nice notebooks from water and they're talking about this 38 year old slipper car salesman in pebble pines who's our average listener out there if they uh... mark or yeah even at a name is name was I mean that was the market was coming down the elevator said f neorodget that must be it not putty but sunan law was the sun law okay like I said it was buddy but sunan law market comes down the elevator says to that nice lady with her ten year old little girl standing there in the elevator f neorodget is not once not twice but three times okay so let's say just f u two buddy please don't say the f one why not forget it here's north by me be tell oh yes or great uh... i don't know if i was dreaming but wasn't uh... so forth come in yes or today he but he's a tight up with his deposition see it's the brine cox law suit so it's uh... my deepest apologies but he can't make it i really needed it and he's leaving today yeah uh... dammit he likes it so much here that as soon as he gives the last delight he said the last sentence of the last answer to the questions he's flying on a plane again how loud here i can't blame him yeah well he's he's my guy yes sir anywhere that's better than this all right man so i want to say about that okay well we'll get a hold well get a mine of film one of these days when he's awake don't be calling i'm like an eight in the morning elay time again George that was your doing that's probably why didn't show up here is pitah we have two open lines in day six two two nine four six three six two two w i o d here's a lady in oakland park hello hello yes yes i am i am happy face off now this is no lady now it's a guy says lady in oakland park George you know a lady from a guy there was somebody else on the phone originally yes sir right yeah he got a craft off somewhere uh... yeah you're speaking uh... a song a few minutes ago and uh... they had a a hate song week yeah and the most hated song was the macarena yeah so uh... uh... uh... it's been a song gets what uh... double jn ohsland what is that sir wait my second morning really yeah okay don't be off here by the end of the week thank you so much thanks to the warning what are they when they can make home in melanoma i tend until i'm almost an a coma how why my amy and they never ever use any sunscreen sung with me ten with me hope you don't mind i'm a little faculty i'm a new son till we get melanoma we date like a bun you excel the aroma i like the aroma but there's nobody more hey melanoma i spend all day it works planning that when i get off a go tending i get naked and fake fake it how much longer is my skin gonna take it my astrologist and new morologist have to help me find the dermatologist we're lying in the sun till we get melanoma we date like a bun you can spell the aroma our lives are all on but there's nobody home hey melanoma we lie in the sun till we get melanoma we date like a bun you can spell the aroma we got lunchtime skin bigger than the Metro Nova hey melanoma we don't care if we get melanoma we got the best tan from here to Arizona for life we don't have genital kind of loss hey melanoma 140 at W i o d here's West Palm Beach hello okay and i's talking to you two thanks Randy here's Margate hello nail good afternoon yes sir i'm at a cell and i'm going ripsome buddy one tomorrow about uh i'm family dinner last night nothing heavy um little pass also a little rome yeah a little thirteen year old system of stable so the excuse me excuse me since it was hands crossed says grace really yeah it's up to his and special ed because he has Down syndrome and and a board of education yeah and i find out which teacher decided to teach him that instead of how to spell his name isn't that nice yeah real nice did he mentioned Jesus in there a couple of times no when he gets to when he teach him how to talk the right way i understand it yeah but they teach him grace and they we couldn't eat until he said you know we said some Hebrew words that are meant we thought dinner yeah but that got me really really upset good go kick some ass yeah right okay question yeah we go i'm going to Vegas this summer little vacation yes i know you mentioned Rio no go don't go there bali don't go to the real sweets what do you want to go to balis for it's off the beaten path go to someplace on a strip balis is right next to him i was there two years ago no it's not balis is right next to an mgm you take the monorail equal right over well the Georgia's notting his head like Georgia's the expert if you say it's right next to it it's not right next to it it's uh it's down the road but it's right on the strip yeah all these is balis is not right on the strip it's like okay whatever you guys say but you said it's like slightly back off the strip okay don't tell me it's right on the strip it's behind a flamingo no it is not the balis is right next to mgm i went to the list two years ago right next to it's not next door to mgm you're wrong oh you went to the real does what wait a minute wait a minute you went there when two years i was an mgm and you're leaving this right next to we took the monorail over right next door it is not right next door alright make it a little way i bet you how much you want to bed if you're for four hotels down what i'm gonna have to take it so pay for it's it's not next door to the mgm grand believe me trust me okay but if you say well and let me ask you this what difference does it make well i don't you want to stay at the mgm i'm not care about that i just want to know which hotels play the better swarmish and you said all hotels there's nothing left who's left oh well we're the slots are better yeah you mentioned tropical tropical tropical tropical tropical tropical tropical tropical can i yes i know i'm not not the i have a light not the m guy i never go into balis right i never went into balis i maybe once i don't like balis okay sorry so just go chop can't have about the wood of a flamingo something never go to the flamingo is already done inside i haven't been in there i mean you listen you can only punch so many places do you know i'm saying yeah but it things i just into the last time i want to drop tropical can i give it a shot it's great place alright okay thank you pungie brains out yeah and you're agreeing with him it is right on the strip it is not right next door to the mgm grand right next to it is not on the strips it is wrong balis used to be the mgm before it burned down okay it is slightly bad it is said bad there are conveyor belts to take you right off the spot it's not right on the strip god damn it close enough you better watch yourself do you know what i'm saying you you little miserable uncircum sized spit we have two all the lines it did six to two nine four six three six to two pretty soon you're gonna have a nose ring if you don't watch it or some kind of a ring or do they call at a four skin ring that's probably what they call those prince Albert anyway when it's time to talk mattresses when it's time to talk turkey about where you're laying your putrid buddy you know why to help walk around with a bad back probably one of the reasons you may have a bad back is because you're sleeping on an old mattress that is headed it's lumpy it's bumpy and a mattress two pick up the phone and call one eight hundred mttr yes because mattress shopping is a cinch it's a snap you don't have to leave your house you don't have to do anything all you got to do is make one easy phone call you talk to people really know their mattresses inside outside upside down and they sell you the greatest mattress in a world whatever kind you like you like extra firm you like extra soft you like extra hard well why not and of course they got every kind of mattress under the sun silly posture ptick sort of perfect sleeper Simmons beauty rest rest on a comfort care they sold me a great mattress you were in a half ago I sleep like an infant like a child even working for these people I still sleep good that's a major miracle so pick up the phone save a ton of money on your cost save a lot of grief on your delivery because they deliver what it's convenient for you seven days a week all the way up to 11 o'clock and night all over the state just pick up the phone and make one easy call you got a great new mattress it'll be there before you know it one eight hundred mttr yes and if you don't like the mattress three year exchange policy did they'll take it back give you whatever you want no extra charge no problem at all call them today it starts sleeping in comfort call one eight hundred mttr yes leave off the last as it stands for something if you haven't heard briff Daniels lately here's what you missed right now in front of my face I got the ultimate man of hedonism two calendar and the other ones is stud muffins of science by the way you haven't lived if you see a calendar made up of old man who in the real lives are scientists at one store another like you guys it's not my nerds they just take their top spot and I'm supposed to get sight on these guys when I know they'd rather be playing around with the pttr there's them anyway briff Daniels weeknight on 16 w i o d system w i o d this is just real static I'm very proud of my new nose ring I think there must be a second king look in the middle what do i see and here's from the from how i don't look like me with whom I have said these lots of plastic surgery my skin my nose and my eyes watch my latest lately and Steven Tyler said me I can't believe the sign I got the pig lip our got the pig lip our got the pig lip I got the pig lip I got the pig lip Oh, look at down. 150 is WioD. I wrote it down. What was that comment? Crackhead, Nigger Horan, Ronan, Ronan, is morning 9.50. Write that down in your diary, baby. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Great. That guy is crazy. The MGM is a leased amount from Bally's and the Aladdin's in between. Oh, the Aladdin is definitely right next door to the MGM Grand. It's like several end of flamingo is in between. It's down. It's on a corner. I don't know what the name of that's free or something. Uh-huh. They call it chop again a ball of ice. No, no, that's where the MGM is. I'm talking about. He's just right on the corner there. It's like about 60 yards in. They got an escalator now dragging it. Right. Yeah. What he was talking about? He doesn't know anything to his George. George has been in Vegas twice in his life. He's got all of us at three times in his life. And he's an expert now. I've been there three times in the last five minutes. When's the last time you've been there? Me? Yeah. Or George? Me? January. January 17th. The new hotels that opened up yet? Yeah. In fact, that was the day that New York New York was opening that day. And it was so jam packed in there. I mean, it was an incredible place. But we went in and lost a couple of hundred and ran right out. I mean, it was just hysterical. It was just too jammed in there. I'm going in June. You're loving it. All right. You'll take care, buddy. When it gets over, I'm going in about 20 times. Well, what's not to like? All right, I love it. I've been there about 20 times. I gotta go back every year. Okay, pal. All right, Neil. Good luck. Yeah, that guy called me for a good guy. But he's got his geography a little bit wrong. And you're trying to like squeeze all those places together. I'll tell you, you know, that Bob Stoopack place, whatever they call it. Now, it's changed about for that's in receivership. That's right next to the MGM grant, too, isn't it? In fact, free monster, downtown. That's right next to the MGM grant, too, I think. The Golden nugget downtown. That's right next to the grant. So, stay at the MGM because it's close to everything. I'll ride. It is a great place, boy, do I? And the food in that joint? The food? I'm telling you, I know it sounds crazy because I've eaten it. Hotels all over the world. And most of the hotel food sucks because it's not a restaurant. It's a hotel. That's not their primary business. It's a hotel. But the food from room service at the MGM grant is a hotel. But the food from room service at the MGM grant is just as good as any gourmet restaurant at which you have ever eaten in your life. And that's no exaggeration. It's great. Right? Right. In fact, once the restaurant, the rosewood grill rosewood grill is great. A lot more expensive. All of the food is not cheap. It's pretty expensive. But boy, it's good and delivery. They got 5,000 rooms in that hotel. 20 minutes, your food is there. We're even at 5.30 in the afternoon, the middle of dinner hour. And you're wondering, how to hell though they do this? Oh, by the way, that guy just fell on the floor that you had up on a wall. That guy with a heavy pecks just fell on the floor, George. Here's Hype a Luxo on a mobile. Hello. Great. Hey, listen, how can you tell George Bally does not on his trip? I found the sidewalk. You have to be a seizure spouse. Is his father's side walk to it's on his trip, right? But Caesar's face is the strip. Bally doesn't even face the strip. It's across from the library. Coach, will it be a beautiful hangout? How is that place? It's never been in there. Christ, no. You know, from the Italian restaurant. I call it the whole in the world. It's supposed to be really famous years ago. Right. I call it a place. I call it a place to barberick coast. Yeah, but Bally's just on a stripping. I keep him over. It's a bring you right. But it is not. Okay, see it's a technicality. Okay. But the point at the point he was trying to make is this guy's trying to say it's right next to the MGM Grand. It is not. It's way up the strip. It's toward the one party you'll add. And I close my eyes when I go by that. Now you take the Monorail. Do X and War. Do not go any ladden by the way. Okay. Oh, horrible. Now listen. Although they do have a good buffet. You'll feel like you're right at cemetery village. And listen. Let's go down a free much street. I promise. You've seen that's at 80 million dollar like show down there. Yeah. That's right. It still sucks. Downtown still blows. Downtown still blows. Huh? Yeah. There's four queens. I think there's a few more than four queens. A beautiful, well, Vegas. Now I'm going to make a cheap plug here. You wait. Go ahead. I jump in a cabin. There's a Guido driving. Yeah. Where would you go for? A full opposite. That's off the beaten track. He took me to a place called Chicago Jose. It's a house. All-nouse. Renovated two brothers. Oh, and maybe they serve 30 people at the most. Yeah. Beautiful. Where is it? It's a couple blocks off between. I'm going to tell you. It between the star dust and the ionosphere. You know where that's. All right. Next to the MGM Grant. Yeah. I'm going to have to do it. Okay. Thanks. By the way, oh, you know something? Well, the guy's still listening. We got to start it all this with his Vegas Cocker-Ri. If you want to place where the slots are great, go to the star dust. This guy just, I always went into the star dust. Why don't we ever go any place beside the star dust? The star dust is great. In fact, I got a machine there. A hate wire machine. I'm not going to tell you which one it is. You can't lose. You cannot lose. I love that machine. That machine loves me. I walk in there. I get a couple of rolls of dollars. I go to that machine. I stick them in there. But I'm being them up to 100 bucks. Like that. Just like that. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What's happening brother? Great stuff. Great stuff. I'm having the best day of my life. Almost like it. Yeah. What's not to like? Nothing. Beautiful day. You're stuck in an office. Yeah, but it's almost over, man. Yeah. You got 10 minutes until you're out in the sun. I got a nice new Corvette sitting out there waiting to go. Okay. We have an open line. Oh, but I did. 6, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, you I, O, D. And one in Broward. He's seven to a bunch of bird crap on it. He's probably right. But tomorrow thank God is Wednesday. It's Carl Washington. So don't worry about it. You know, people like it all. Tied about people like Go out there and shoot pigeons. Let me tell you one thing. Okay. Even cats, which I'm not too crazy about. Cats don't dump on your car. Dogs most certainly do not take a dump on your car. Birds, however, they dump on your car. So anybody that's out there shooting birds for fun and profit be my guest. Okay. I mean, they're smart little critters. But if they're not smart enough to evade that. Exactly. Too bad. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Quincy, I'm right next door to the MGM2. It sounds like it. I want to do, uh, you're getting that gefilter fish thing. Yes. I wanted to know if you've ever seen the fish on the back of some cars. It has little legs on it and says Darwin inside it. Yeah. I love that one. That's great. Oh, okay. Isn't that great that intelligent people are combating all this bull crap now? Hmm. It's like, hey, either go, you can't write, you know, the Pope is writing both sides of the fence. I mean, you know, that's one or the other. I hear he's only writing one side, but I don't want to say which side. Well, that's all I call it to say to see if you've seen the Darwin one. I love it. Okay. See ya. Okay. Well, I'm going to give me a pull out right now. I'm going to go home and drop it in the bay in the air in the creek and fish for some of your filter fish for pay saw. How do you like that? I know how to do it right. I'm getting me a pull and I'm going to either that or do fish. I'm going to go over to that geophysic creek and fish for some of your filter fish. What other kind of fish would you expect to catch in geophysic creek besides your filter fish? God damn, or dang it, damn it. So anyway, listen, I just moved in right next door to the, um, GM grand.