Just a little bit out of touch with public sentiment out there. They were bewildered. They couldn't understand it. They still can't understand it that we have an embraced Chris Wells with all three arms and legs. That we haven't wrapped ourselves around him and just embraced him and his sandals and his Jesus looked like qualities. And we just haven't said, oh, Chris, God, yet. They just, they're bewildered. They don't get it. I think don't get it as the operative term. We have two open lines on the out of town lines. It's Palm Beach, the worldwide. By the way, I got all kinds of crap here today, which, you know, not that I necessarily should. But I have all kinds of crap, including a great article about Paxon and Bud Fry and about how that soccer deal fell through and about how there attempt to become the minor league sports to empire builders ain't gonna happen. Wouldn't you like to be the great moral of minor league sports that nobody cares about like arena football and like indoor and like soccer? And like A.A.T.L. hockey, which nobody in his area cares about and will not no matter what happens. And even if Wayne puts a team in Miami with A.A. Chiel, nobody cares. Even when Rochester comes, go, Amherst, all right. We got the top 50 up, party schools in sports illustrated this week. That, well, it's really the top 50 jocks schools, but what's the difference? You know, the top 50 jocks schools in America. Number one is UCLA. All right. Mark Carmen, God. Man, he sure used to look good. I'll tell you when he was there. And what happened to him? Once he did that 10 Bundy thing, he never was the same again. Look like an ass murderer. Goes to show that nature can be mighty cruel, ain't it? How's Vince Ferragamo doing? Ugly? Here's Hollywood, hello. Uncle Nakhman. Yes, sir. I want to wish you a decent yantiff in a good shop. Yeah, coxal hoys. No, come on. Come on. Anyway, speaking of those reasons. What did you crap? What? I said, how you doing? I'm doing great. Yeah. Speaking of those regions, I think we should drop it. Watch that beanie by the way, people are starting to talk. It's schmoty? Yeah. I'm the beanie too. It's schmoty. Anyway, I think we should drop those regions together with that ski guy. Yeah. I haven't heard too much of him. How's he? Let me tell you. I heard him. I don't want to confuse this with a talk station. But yeah, but would make you so damn sure. 6.10 WIOD Miami Ford Latter. Oh, man. With us the Palm Beach. What is that? It's a 10. Oh, I can't do it. What? Why can't George do the region? Why can't we just skip the regions? If that's what we're going to have on the air. That stuff is crap. Sounds like the 50s. Exactly. Like the 1450s. I think we have an inquisition about it. Let's throw them off the roof together with ski who after I flipped them on after Shabbis while I was in the office. Yeah. And for hours, always talking about it is this article by some rabbi in the paper. Some Orthodox rabbi who was talking about Jews and sex and that we allow it and we allow it. I saw that. I saw that. I would talk about it. Half of the tour against us and this one's against us. For hours. He couldn't buy a call. So for hours and hours the same thing over and over again. Really? That's the water table format. You pick an article out. Some incipital article that nobody cares about like the thing about the engagement ring that Aaron K was pounding on a few nights ago after all. And you just keep reading it over and over. And you insist that people call and talk about it. But you don't want to. They don't care. And of course, every what they don't understand is that while you're continuing to read it and bang away it and everybody is turning off and gagging and puking and fighting something better to do than listening to crap that they don't want to hear about. They just don't get it, man. You know, I kept saying months ago that these people, meaning the packs and people, don't understand what this station is all about and why it's had this great success. Little did I know at that point how I mean even me, even a cynic, a hard bitten cynic like me, I can't believe how little they understand what this place is all about. They have no idea what we do. I'm talking about me. I'm talking about Rick and Suds. I'm talking about people that used to be on this station. They haven't got to clue what we do here and why people listen to it. And they think that you can you can formulate it like like put in baby formula in a bottle and you can package it and it doesn't really make any difference who the people are as long as you do the IDs right and you give the call letters a lot. These people are nuts man. They're out of their minds. Oh, my, I kissed the ground every and I mean this. I kissed the ground every day that I had that that might norm can. God bless, norm can, even though we don't belong on the ear. But God bless, norm can't forgiving the sanity to take a couple of extra days before I jumped into bed for another five years and wrote away the rest of my life for this drawing. Because if I would assign this thing with Paxon and been tied up here for the next five years and then be sitting here observing what they're doing to this place. I would blow somebody's brains out. I don't think it would be mine. But somebody's. I mean, these people are crazy. I've worth it. My name is this year old kid. This can solve them then is clone PD that they brought in here between the two of them. They've got no more idea what this place is all about than the man in Uranus. It's terrifying. It's terrifying. It's worth it terrifying. My two year old kid can program better than these guys. God. Unreal. Well, no wonder John Ford ain't coming around here. Unreal. Anyway, just to plug one of your sponsors, you just spoke so highly of. I was down at Kendall last week from my first service on the new camera. Yes. Met Frank and Mark and they treated me like a king. You mean, I'm Mark Jacobson? I met Mark. Mark my god. You met the man. I met the man. He says, Neil, I'm following him wherever he goes. There you go. I said you better George needs that camera. That's right. And we're not going to let him lose it. Okay. What? Zygazon. Yes. Just one of which, psyched a knife and Jola have a decent yantiff. Good job. And to cut it out, then Neil, regarding your trip. Yeah. As we say, Niedish, Gagazon and Kim Gazind. Okay. I love you. Gagazon. Okay. We have an open line in Broward. 7, 6, 7, 9, 4, 6, 3. Welcome to Jew talk. All right. Exactly. Couldn't have said a better myself. We have two open lines on the Green lines. The Palm Beach lines, the World Wide lines. This is every day. There's like another surprise here. And it's not getting better either. Believe me, it's getting much worse. I mean, the sound of that stuff. It's like something from the ancient IOD days, which we play those old jingles as a joke, as a joke, which is what this place is rapidly becoming is an industry joke, which fits right in with the packs and image, by the way. One thing in life, at least be consistent. Nice God, buddy. Be consistent, baby. Let's get those numbers down in a one's and judging from this last book well on the way. 1027, a WI would come to the park and play Pomp and O Park the dining room by the way closes tomorrow night. Tonight, tomorrow night of your last two nights, they have a great meal in the top of the park dining room on the sixth floor. The good news for you will be that starting next Wednesday, April 30th, the International buffet reopens on the fourth floor in the clubhouse and it is sensational 1495 for all you care to eat. They got salads. They got soups. They got all kinds of entrays. They got Italian goodies. They got German. They got American. They got roast beef. They got chef iris fabulous desserts. They can eat for 1495. It starts at 6 p.m. nightly and post time for the first race of course 730 in the PM. We got Samuel Casting every afternoon and every night. We got racing from Dover, Yonkers, Hazel Park, Mohawk, Daniel, Freehold, Medellan's Poken Owens are in the Meadows, and of course great live racing too as in tonight 730 PM. It's TGIF Friday by the way with special dollar hot dogs and drinks and beers, etc. And so on. So get your ass out for a great night tonight. Feverish will be there touting, go to the bank on it. Top of no harness Atlantic and power line in Pablo beat. See you, our pain. 610. W-I-O-D. I'm feeling it right now. Oh my god, that is so boring. One thing that this station is not, at least the well it is now. During many hours of the day. But one of the things that we try, if I mean the worst offense you can do is be boring. And those rejoins and IDs are so dull and so boring and so lackluster and so idiotic. Somebody really think that this is clever. Excuse me, excuse me, Walter. Of course it's clever, it's like something. There's something there that we're just too stupid to understand George. We just don't get it. We just we just can't relate to the blandness. Wonderful I'll do make sure. 610. W-I-O-D. I'm going to tell you Steve Nicholstart and it look like a genius, you know what? Okay, I know you're rolling your eyes, but I'm telling you right now. Very Bruce, well now you're really getting carried away. Plus that's too far back. My memory doesn't blow. Very Bruce, I did a track in front of a freight train. That sounds pleasing to me. But seriously, Steve Nicholstart and it look like a rocket scientist compared to what's going on here. Since Peter the tweeter and in this new guy who is he ever here by the way? The new guy? Harry Penis is he ever not that he has anything to say to me anyway, but is he ever here? After lunch. What does that mean? What do you mean after lunch? Well you know, I'm in here. He's not here before 10. Yeah. But a two o'clock he's out there. Well he's probably out there with some very important meetings. I'm sure that probably some clandestine packs and business going on that we don't know about of course. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi. The teacher is a co-owner after you yesterday did nothing but complain about the safety kids to work day. I was telling George before I was very lucky because his little girl is just she's just a delight Sabrina's bright and she's very polite and well behaved and if she doesn't say anything wrong, George smacks her on the side of the head and she doesn't do it again. And I mean she was just great. But so when I'm driving out here, I'm wondering what does Rick talking about? He acted like the world was coming to an end. I guess everybody waited till I left because I'm the ogre, you know? And then once I left the building, they just turned your kids loose and they all went eight shot. No, it was going on during the show. Always going out in the hallway, but I couldn't see it, right? What? What was the parents? The parents were sitting around oblivious. You've gone into stores and seen parents just standing there while they're kids, or like knocking things over into eating food off the shelf you see, Ned. I mean, why wasn't there some kind of structured thing for these kids to do? Well, who would have to do these? I don't have to, to booze. Why couldn't someone been in one of the other booze showing the kids powder mine program? Right. Would it take you to make mock interviews? Yeah. To make mock interviews? Or just doing mock IDs would have been good. Those kids could have made some better IDs and rejoins. I, you know, teach them what it's real like. Right. Right. How did you all have your application? Right. That kind of thing. Well, these were mostly little kids. I mean, you know, like, six, seven, eight years old. Well, on the first, I thought it was supposed to be, like, from nine years old up, usually there's an age limit. I was at it. Yeah. And our office there was. Uh-huh. So, and the kids were structured. They were taught how to do a job. Not here. Not here. Here was chaos. How to fill out our job. Application. Yeah. And I have one other comment. Yes, man. I want to switch for them. I'm going to hang it up. Yeah. I'd love them just sell those damn lean mean grilling machines and leave us alone. Already good point. Okay. Have a great weekend. Bye. Bye. Yeah. I like George with his lean mean grilling machine. I like that. I don't have one. Hey, by the way, George, you want to send me one for free. I can't afford it. We have an open line in date. Six, two, two, nine, four, six, three. I ain't listening. That's a one thing I've learned the 21 years I've been here. Free isn't so bad. What's wrong with free? I used to be embarrassed. I remember when I was at, uh, well, a lot of places. K.T. WNWS. I used to be very upset with Steve Kane because Mr. Eagle always was a real free loader. And now I say, hey, more power to your steal. What's wrong with being a free loader? What's wrong with like, you know? What's wrong with hanging under a few bucks? If somebody wants to give you something for free, hey, more power to them. Like that haircut there. Well, I'm going to tell you that was well worth it. She does a nice job. With all the respect to Mary, we'll also does a great job. But she's like a mommy now. And she's too busy to be coming over here. And she's like, well, I'm going to be a free loader. But it was well worth it for the 40 bucks that I coughed up George. George coughed up 25. And he guys are free car. I got to pay for my cars. I also put it. I also gave me no five bucks so that he could tip her five bucks. Well, I was sweet. He's going to need a lot more than five bucks to fix his truck by the way. I have to guess today. Yeah. Even though the judgeable. Here's Miami. Hello. Good morning, sir. Yes, sir. Listen, you're going to notice getting back to, uh, the time Rimmer mentioned some. He's always the big man with the bark. Yeah. It's a blast. A blast. A stand in your vision. The big man on the line. Yeah. First well. And that's part of the whole ass sucking on beyond. So what's going on over there? And I've just these last couple of days in case you haven't noticed. I've lost it. I just can't deal with it anymore. I just don't like ass sucking. You know what? I can't stand that. Tell it like it is. And stop shilling already. The whole broadcast crewman with the Panthers. Did you all they do is ass suck? You know, going tonight, right? No, I'm not. Okay. Not going to be here. What do you have in my ticket to weigh? You think we're going to show up tonight? I have no idea. I hope so. I hope so. It would be embarrassing to lose to a mediocre team in five games to just roll over and play dead. I know. And in the whole. Got to at least give it a good shot. Oh, my family from the North is going to be the ring in my phone as it is. At 10 and 11 at night. Yeah. Ask games. I mean, these performances even a game we won at first game though. There was about nine minutes in which they scored all three goals. Other than that, you take that out of there. And it was nothing. These have not been playoff caliber games. You know, I can't stand a Canadians, but I'm glad they won a game last night at home just for the hell of it. Give New Jersey a tougher time. But I mean, the atmosphere in most of these other series has been so electric. So amazing. I mean, you watch the passing and the back and forth and up and down. The Dallas and Edmonton series, for example, phenomenal. And you look at our game so far and it's been. Call and do sing. Call, especially our performance. You listen. Remember your program directors Mike Anthony? Yeah. About him. He makes him look like a brain or David Havley? Draw my God. He makes David Havley look like a suitable intellectual, which he looked like anyway. Listen, what's the correlation between the Panther office and the Paxon company? Notice that. Oh, that's a real shot. That's a red don't compare the Panther people with the Paxon people. The Paxon people are the anti-Christ family. Well, you know, the Panthers don't want to listen to any. They don't want to hear anything. Yeah. Yeah, but at least they bring us a little bit of enjoyment anyway. Well, at least. It's a more nice thing to take on these people. At least all these new IDs in your oldies. You have some material to take over with you. The jingle. Like you. That's right. Got some good jingles. So in closing, I have a, I have a, a new, um, rejoined for you. Yes. Thanks for listening to W-I-O-D. Now back to the New Rogers show. Okay, let's go to and two on the out of town lines, in the audio in that line. So anyway, number one, number one. Jock School in America, UCLA, followed closely by Notre Dame as in. Father old tool. Breckham. Number three, Stanford. Number four, Texas. Number five. Florida. The gate. The gate. And the gate. And the gate. So it's a little bit of a, but we have a little bit of a little bit of a um, Pandora Ohd不能 uses the problem. We have almost 1000 minute input lines and all of those will just happen. First of all,하하, Texas. Number five. Florida. The gate is baby. The gate is numbers five. Jock School. Party school. Unbelemable. I know we got some people will open up their incates, but we're not full in me for a second, okay. And beat. We've got some people listening up there incanes. We're not full of me for a second, okay. That'soga. Yeah, Michigan. Gerald Ford, one of the dumbest men in history, Tom Harmon, father of what's his name? What's his name? Mark Harmon and Chris Weber. How do you like that? I mentioned Mark Harmon and we get to me she going to come to find that's right old Tommy Harmon 400 years ago he was great. Number seven North Carolina after big basketball wins, celebrations rage on Franklin Street. They got a little bonfire going there. They're jumping around. They look pretty good by the way. Those young guys at North Carolina let's go up there and do a remote. Penn State all can't stand a can't stand Penn State turnip page. Those uniforms are so boring. If you think Joe paterno is boring, the uniforms are even worse. They're just something about that whole school man Penn State can't stand Penn State. Number seven here's number nine the real anti-Christ people Nebraska Tom Osborne if he ate one of the anti-Christians. Number 10 this I don't understand. Number 10 Princeton Princeton and what do they show here they show they show the roars what do they call the a guy that sits in the front the Coxman the a Cox Wayne something like that something like that yeah Princeton of course that's one of those preppy sports you know that's what they're big and it was all that preppy stuff. Number 11 USC number 12 Arizona number 13 Ohio State number 14 Virginia number 15 Wisconsin number 16 Tennessee number 17 Iowa number 18 California 19 Indiana 20 Alabama Alabama slip glut then they got let's see twenty twenty one is Georgia 22 Michigan State wait down the list and we're proud of that okay we don't give a crap about winning we just give a crap about getting drunk getting laid and going out on grasses losing our glasses and puke and all over the place. Number 23 Brigham Young men Syracuse Duke Minnesota Washington Arizona State Kentucky Oregon Kansas North Carolina State LSU Harvard number 34 Texas A&M Army Utah Clemson Colorado Northwestern Villanova Auburn FSU is number 43 FSU way down there 43. Oh that's because the on Sanders went there and Dave Collins that fact number 44 South Carolina number 45 the Hurricanes Miami way down there alumni Rick Barry Roy Firestone Michael Irvin and Jim Kelly what about Michael Irvin and Roy Firestone haven't common they're both Jewish followed by Connecticut Boston College Air Force Georgia Tech and rounding out West Virginia all right there you go the top 50. All right. Wow. Jock schools you might not learn much there but they're great Jock schools and party schools go have a good time and drink a lot of mice to brown I wonder if mice to brown still around. We should rank lots of mice to brown in Michigan State lots by those big half gallon bottles the big gigantic oh man that was good stuff good swill and then there was always throws which we used to call tiger here's Margate hello hey enough of the sucking already but what is that mean tell us that mean now I love it if you call the number talking about the sucking up so that was still in my an offer talking another what are you talking about what line would you be speaking be speaking yeah no the a few weeks ago you played a bit where a fellow was trying to get into the john on a narrow plane I did yeah maybe George recalls it any bumped into the pilot and it was hilarious I thought I think you're dreaming I think you're hallucinating I thought that one doodling on the plane I got that maybe that was it no that's that's well we'll give it a shot because he was on the way he couldn't lavatory on the plane and he couldn't quite get in and it was noisy and yeah I thought it was hilarious okay well drop on for you what do I know okay obviously now much we'll see okay you don't know maybe this is what I got it when you got on the airplane the drinks started right away couple of others then some time it can take a great body acting silly like happy jack the clown you fool you's just a and your pants came a come in down the home then you climbed on the cards things got started with the cards then you do do in front of the song you're on don't you know that if the bathroom was occupied one of us would step aside to keep you from doing on the plane 1044 WI was a judge was telling me during the well we're playing at about all the unsupervised kids yesterday and about how the parents were nowhere near their little kids and all these girls were running around running havoc all over the building just creating all kinds of nightmares and destroying things everything in their wake yes just as lino hilltaya just as jailini damage property damage how much not estimated yet but give me a ballpark 500 thousand roughly roughly five dollars to jailini was truck here one of our fine engineers one of the only ones we have left by the way deductibles 500 and as deductibles 500 so how do you like that works out great i mean not which means he couldn't get a penny of insurance money he's gonna have to pay the 500 out of his pocket because somebody's little girls yesterday were not good stuff over i didn't give a crap and appearance weren't paying any attention and this is what goes on in America today totally unsupervised little brats running around this is all you people make it babies out there your parents like i'm a parent okay the last thing i would want to be is a parent i got enough trouble with dogs and by the way speaking of dogs see 48 hours last night yes i did in between all the hockey uh 48 hours last night have one of the most amazing shows and thank god that uh what was the old dog's name with a woman that was such a sad story it was but you know it would have a happy ending because uh they weren't gonna show you one were the dog on that show oh they kill people all the time that show oh yeah oh well thank god for the old bag there and even picked up the uh they picked up the ten for the two grand and she walked out of there with her old old dog that could hold uh whatever the hell her name was that was quite a show and then of course the uh the poor pigeon these people think of these people had a pigeon for a pet and the pigeon was they thought it was a male first of all and a pigeon had an egg stuck in its uh raccoe somewhere in here and uh the pigeon didn't make it the doggy psychologist was my favorite that that was great yeah every separation they died they would come home and the house would be just torn to shreds the bed the mattress everything in the house just uh and they were surprised the best part of it is they were surprised oh not again yes surprise and the best part of it is they had two of these wild dogs and they're just tearing a whole damn uh house apart and they were shocked so they had to go to the doggy shrank the doggy docked that and they put them on doggy downers and they put them on doggy downers and guess whatever that would be it worked okay which is what most of those little girls needed here yesterday was doggy downers 1047 a W. I. O. D. who needs bulled university dogs knows that life is full of bull that's why you don't want or need anymore and that's why they offer you their no bull dealer with noble prices university dogs is a family owned an operated dealer they've been around for 10 years so you can count on them to provide you the best service and the best deals no bull dealer with noble prices means they won't steer you wrong you'll find it easy to deal with the folks at university dogs they know you don't want high pressure they know you don't want and they don't give you any that BS because they want you to come back again and again so head west University dog on university drive between Griffin and Sterling and Davy check out their beautiful new building with hundreds of new 97 dodges to choose from like the 1500 club cap pickup the great look in Dodge Neon the very very expensive but well worth the money Dodge Viper so I'm told at university dodges the noble dealer with noble prices so head west for the best prices best service at university dog home of a better way 6th M W I O D the topic today why don't we get fun calls wait right there so move hold that thought 6th M W I O D it's Friday you best deals okay yeah I'm the one who's saying but when the flag is a fan I want to hop inside my company call I got the fingers in fact for me out of my hand I'm good at thinking you were ready O stop I'm both in save of baby I can do anything I want to do and you're good so to the woman and I'm gonna be good so to you I'm given that's all on a craft show yeah for me love I got the power to mold in control where I have a way to get your own show at a station down in Hollywood and I don't care if you're ready to love it just as long as you can stroke me good I'm all the same baby and you'll do anything I want you to all right you can so to the woman make your later and I desire you I'm gonna hold you oh yeah oh that's a slot I'm talking to real job that's why I'm like insulting cause I'm just an ass hold on oh 1054 W I O D happy Friday tonight's final score path there's 110 Rangers nothing okay is that make him happy over there or what they'll wake up won't they we have an open line of date 62 W I O D we have an in Broward 767 we have one on the mobile one purple line pound I O D we have two in Palm Beach in the out of town audio net lines in one triplet 474 9463 I'm I'm uh speechless I really am I heard one of those last night must have been just before Brooke came on right after the end of Rick and so to I heard one of those and I said is this a joke is Brooke played like one of our hardly a dog station we talk about it oh god it's just it's unspeakable it's unmentioned is this really what these people envision for this joint here's North Bay Village hello good morning when is deus Leo I just have my first time calling you you're incredible yes I am congratulations on your country thank you so much you are the man when do I get out here already oh god please say a prayer for me I got a couple of questions if you don't mind yes first one is if the panthers win tonight yes do they play tomorrow no they play Sunday at the 2 p.m. in New York I don't why is that well because I'm involved in it I like it and I like it and I like it garbage okay it's swill it's fun for the feeble minded it's fun I said fun for the feeble minded yeah I enjoy it I'm pretty stupid okay have a nice well there's a lot of stupid people out there t's a load you know you know I'm a part of you I've been involved in a one time and I want to people really like it a little a lot of people really believe it that's the worst yeah that's scary that is scary well thanks for your honesty anyway okay thank you I won't we have an open line in date 6 2 2 2 Wild we have a parent Broward Chris we know that all those professional wrestlers are phags anyway but that's beside the point two open lines in Broward 767 667 Wild don't start with that macho man stuff with me mister mister macho air here's Davey hello let's go rank it let's go man I mean again you got to think I'm a head cap I got to know his pin over his penis nice going pal wow open line in date 6 2 2 all a Broward 767 9463 it's not going to be one of those musical days isn't on a Friday oh my god on all request Friday we're going to be playing music I think Walt Sabos got a point I think those rejoins or I think that's where it's at let's play Glenn Miller music for four hours huh that'll get him in the mood let's play in the mood by Glenn Miller we're going back you know we have to have sometimes new things are old things sometimes it's different way into past like knickers and two piece men's bathing suits stuff like that that wasn't so bad at its time just like the Spanish acquisition what that was wrong with that they made him an offer they couldn't refuse I think we're having an inquisition in this joint if he acts me I mean this is it's just there are no words to describe it it's a 610 Wild feel our pain oh we're feeling it I right we're feeling it yeah and you know something was out of the song it's like part of the demolition of the entire joint man you can hear it they're son at their cutin at their chopin at their their killing it nice going guys thank you 1057 a Wild come with me now to visit the wonderful I love dreams 610 Wild by any four-lodderdale and now and then bombators a sort of service of vaccine communications and American stock exchange definitely Shannon folkers courageous three hour half a day attempt to enter the Citadel ended at Halloween it hurts to quit oh and I don't think I look good in the short scene it's Shannon's story started two and a half years before Halloween and now ABC's presents you can go to hell I quit the Shannon folkers up a night of Shannon time to work out let's go everyone to the folk household new Shannon would have to be in tip top shape to complete the rigorous training at the Citadel that I can't eat at all I'm not really cadet their club or clanky without one type from now they must learn how rigorous training each and each every uh Shannon we're gonna have to break up this no things made you too much woman for me um if you ain't gonna finish your prize can I have you can go to hell I quit the Shannon folkers story I guess the movie the proves you don't have to succeed in life you just have to sell your miserable life story to the networks Sunday night on ABC's okay 1104 WOD boy those those rejoins and those IDs that last one there that ID the top of the other you just played that was the kissadette that was the killer that was the last the last nail in the coffin have you still got that or they come up like a random they just they rotate no one would confuse this with a talk station oh no no no 610 WOD Miami Ford Latterdale when wins with us the bomb ages 610 WOD is this a joke this has got to be a joke isn't it this has just got to be to try to provoke some of us and give us some more material because you know things are kind of boring these days uh it's got to be a joke you can't be serious can it can it can it can it be serious no here's Fort Latterdale on a mobile hello hello there Neil when is this how are you today great great you sound great yes idea I have a paper for it on the term fight northbound and Hollywood yes sir they are at their end of the month clearance and they have about uh it doesn't please out there all right and uh some of our finest and they don't look like they pass and he doesn't chop some of the recent days yesterday it was plantation today it's Hollywood there like all over the day in place just to make sure they don't miss us that's it that's it well that's all I have for you thanks for the good news I'm always enjoying what I listen to it so keep up to good work okay thanks take it easy yeah we have an open line on a mobile on purple line the spy report for all that the pig stuff going on out there and whatever else pound i would be mobile on pace for no matter what kind of a mobile thing you got and a mobile i am just uh exactly right speechless stage struck spellbound two open lines on a Palm Beach and out of town an audio net lines one triple eight four seven four nine four six three here's Kendall hello and Neil how you doing okay sir this whole thing reminds me of uh that still Henry bit when he was gonna bring back the old right right I'm having deja vu only that was a joke and I don't think this one is exactly oh I have you heard your new promo they played during the Ryan Rancho which says uh you listen to Neil Rogers oh that's that's old that's uh yeah we can I fit their show them yeah we can all right okay and we're in a quest yes sir it felt like a what okay oh my god that's under uh what what is that under anyway oh it's under that it just feel like a prick two open lines in date six two two nine four six three one on a mobile on purple line proud i od the out of town in Palm Beach forget a thing speaking of us today they got no use for us and I can't blame him because we don't reach up there anyway according to the rejoin we just heard hey Adam how you like those new rejoins he says great great he's psyched man here he's staying here that's right he's got to get a paycheck that's right somebody said yesterday okay let's go to a keylar oh sorry take that back here's keylar go hello yeah Neil yes sir I'm glad you're getting out there with what they're doing to that place oh my god it's a ensemble and they we had this is serious this is their idea this is so perfectly packed in man that it's unbelievable oh obviously it's why do we have WSU and all over again which was cost like they won by about 300 points how about that and nobody is still probably like somebody cares but they won by about 400 points exactly and I just said I didn't have a request yes sir don't all duck okay I think you be gotten it okay we have an open line in date six two two nine four six three six two two wild we have one on a mobile on purple line at pound i od everybody everybody in ever we didn't have no ducks on at sure last night did we no ducks they had the pigeons they had a couple of other birds pericator whatever and hello one was always a cockatiel I can't say that and the one with the wounded wing that one turned out okay but this is Ellen and a woman with a snapping turtle can you believe that pregnant with a pregnant snapping turtle at eight million eggs inside of it and she's like holding the thing up and like getting all cozy oh it's easy like oh here's sweetheart come on come here dog of course it goes without saying dogs are sensational cats I mean not for me but I can almost I can't but I can almost understand that but a snapping turtle and then of course they had the people with the weasel I'm sorry with the ferret so I'm here and we're sticking about rickrally oh my god oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh you're tamam I Do Yeah My you You have to be a guy, you have to be a guy. You have to be a guy, you have to be a guy. It must be dubby time, you hear that? They all tie up with that same thing. Still, two open lines and date, and see they don't know how to do that. and they don't know that's one of the old ones are one of the new ones. They really can't figure it out at this point. We've got them all exactly turning it off. Six, two, two, W-Y-O-D. We got a pair of open lines and date. Palm Beach, out of town. It would be really exciting to get a call on there today because maybe the wind is blowing in the right direction. One Triple 8, 47, 49, 463, but we sure doubt it. Here's some rise. Hello. Hello, yes sir. Yeah, last Panther game while hoping not last Panther game, but they just better think that the defense is what's going to make a break us. Yeah. They've been, I think, McLean, they're tattoo on their ass. Take the man. Yeah. Florida the net. Let's see. Priority on at the TV. They have a New York guy standing front of net and the Panther guy standing in front of him. They're not Joe's turn. They're standing there. We can't wait and grat's gear standing off. The room of the circle just all by himself and nobody's paying too much attention to watching. Yeah. Two, two, inch to caught straining on the past coming in front of the net. Uh-huh. Not taking the man. Right. And the odd man who's sneaking around. You could be talking about Eddie. Eddie. Could you? I could be. I could be. What? Hey. Uh, what do you feel happy about you getting the hell out this weekend? Meaning what? You're getting out of town. Yeah. Yeah. If you're going, if you're going, if you're getting out of here, that's what I'm happy about. Of course, I don't know when, but at least it's like a guy on, you know, death row who gets to be pre-ves. Sooner or later, you're going to get out. The door is going to open. All right. Hey. Sooner. Sooner. Sooner. Last way. Just put a couple hundred down on the avalanche. Yeah. If you're going to try and all the way up to the lower. Seek or ice cream. Yeah. And uh, can I request? Yeah. Uh, the case of case in dedication. Okay. Thank you. See you. Bye. Open line a day at 629-463-622-WiodD-1 and Broward-767-463-767-WiodD. Oh, we're up to our long distance dedication. And this one is about kids and pets and the situation that we can all understand, whether we have kids or pets or neither. It's from a man and Cincinnati, Ohio. And here's what he likes. Dear Casey, this may seem to be a strange dedication request, but I'm quite sincere, and it'll need a lot if you play it. Recently, there was a death in our family. He was a little dog named Snuggles, but he was most certainly a part of us comes right again. From coming out of the record. Play the record, okay? Please. See when you come out of those up-tempo, damn numbers, man. It's impossible to make those transitions, and then you got to go into somebody dying. You know, they do this to me all the time. I don't know what they'll do it for, but damn it. If we can't come out of a slow record, I don't understand it. Is that on the phone? Okay. I want to, damn, concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't a thing up-tempo record every time I do a damn death dedication. Now, make it, and I also want to know what happened to the pictures I was supposed to see this week. It's a god-lask damn time. I want somebody uses, and brain to not come out of a damn record that is, that's up-tempo. And I got to talk about a control dying. Well, that's just, and behind the wrist, man. Behind the wrist, and behind it. Anybody out there got a pigeon with something stuck in there. And then, rather, we have a good time with that whole thing, wasn't he? 1113 at W. I.O.D. Charles Alphayeri would like to have a good time, making you look like a bench. That's right. He's been doing it for over 25 years, including some guys who got the big bucks. Movie stars, movie hot shots out there in LA, and that's right. Guys who can afford to spend any amount of money under the sun, they go to Charles Alphayeri, and you can do the same. He can spend a lot more someplace else, but for just 800 bucks, Charles Alphayeri will give you the best look in natural hair system anywhere in the universe. Charles makes you here, look like that's why our So pick up the phone and call today. Forget about those holes in the head. Forget about those mouth see looking wigs. The Charles Alfie or your system is the best going at any price. Call right now. Making appointment to go in and check it out for yourself in Broward called 9281755. 9281755. Told free from outside of Broward from anywhere called 1800 3212413. 1800 3212413. Charles Alfie or read 4390 North Federal Highway right between Oakland and commercial in Fort Lauderdale. More cheese please. 610 WIOD. That was the reach on there. I know. 1117 and WIOD. We have an open line in day 622. I am serious. I can't believe that they are a serious. I really can't believe that. I know they are in the F. I know they have no concept of how to put together or what they are doing. I know they are in the F. I know they are in the F. I know they are in the F. I know they are in the F. I know they are in the F. I know they are in the F. I know they are in the F. I know they are in the F. I know they are in the F. I know they are in the F. I know they are in the F. I know they are in the F. I know they are in the F. How do you say? I have told people Olegma that we sell them when we rent a pet store. This will be the morning dinner. Oh, my God! Come here, where the devil, He is saying advises all your students so can they put your hands in. How do you like her every couple days she's got to give me a report she still can't hear it You're unbelievable she's unbelievable crazy bitch Those are some hard hitting jingles and rejoin. Okay. Is it just me or can you believe this? Oh, God, it reminds me of the old ABC and KHA in the Drake type jingles, huh? Yeah, but from 100. Yeah, but at least those were dynamic Absolutely hard hitting these alike. My God. You said these are a bird is hard hitting as a stalemotso ball Neil, I don't know if I'm gonna make a kill September. I don't really know that makes two of us. Oh, God. It's unbelievable. Yeah Then they have you I don't you remember the movie years ago Jack lemon cold good neighbor Sam? No Okay, was a movie he was an advertising agent and somehow got involved in some deal in his picture We're all over town on billboards and he had to go around and paint them over and yeah That's what we're gonna have to do to your billboards around town. Can you believe that those are still up? Those are still up. They're all over to them. I've seen about five or six of them And our and our new PD Harry penis. He keeps insisting that they're coming down and Jay Hoker up there at the Paxon bill he thinks so he insisted that they're gonna stay up and This company hasn't got any idea who's on first and who's got their hand in their ass We should go. It's unbelievable. We should throw some signs on them to say he's soon to be on QAM something anything Listen here. I sure appreciate all our promotion though guys. Oh, they were you ever typing you can't take for right Um, Cox what is it? Don Cox. Yeah, I was surfing in that and I saw it deal where There was a dish shocking Miami years ago named Don Cox. They wanted to sing that's the guy. Oh, man. Are you kidding me? That's the same go at guy. Oh, why don't they just hire him and put him there? We're replacing you sounds good to me. Oh, I love it. We're that through the day and enjoy your weekend. Okay, take care See ya Broward 7679463 767Wildy well Pete bulger told me I can't tell you what his video Are you told me who's gonna be on you know on the station? Here's the four-laterdale. Hello Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great Couple things here. How about that asswip and a car rattle put out last night seven nothing. How do you like that seven is if they came back and said hey We're just a toying with you guys. Yeah, we're just dittling around seven and nothing I get some serious defense on tonight. Hope we win yeah, give us a chance. I was wondering if you could play the Simpsons The Simpsons yeah I wonder if that's in that's probably not in here is it? It is it might be under OJ though Are you sure I'm sure no, I don't know why I'm asking hot shot in here OJ the Simpsons stand up. That's not it I'll find it for a profit. Oh, if it's a good weekend in you too. See you see you're confused me It's not in here. Is it is it? Is it it ought to be there's a couple of Simpsons uh OJ things yeah Tell the Rick and Sots menu. It is That's it I want to work with these five minutes. I want over here now just three two five Greta Green is that please What is he doing? He's running here Hey Mad woman You're gonna hear a minute a minute Do they have a life so we can know what's going on so the police get there. Okay God no God I mean You know Okay, if he has been drinking it's not whether you win or lose it's how drunk you can See sooner later we find it for you. We have to dig we have to search we have to put it in a lurch put it somewhere But sooner later we find it for that was great nice gone George Anyway, it's under the law. That's why I couldn't find it. Why would anybody put something under the law? Here's base I'd hello Great happy Friday to you sir All right, all right, hey, congratulations on getting out of that stupid Paxon and He should take his head out of his ass and take in some oxygen buddy because you are the man Right, oh yeah, yes, sir Amen, let me tell you something. I'm a Ranger at heart because born in the York but Panther fan Yeah, they're gonna get off their butts And place them hockey we'll see We'll see a listen something about these big a master people. Yes, sell out stewards so out I try to get hold of all sure we can call you as soon as we get these tickets on sale I've been waiting Strue in my 124 hours Have it or a day at bay you got about the same chance that Ed McMan and Dick Clark are gonna call you on a phone and tell you just one ten million dollars As ticket master is gonna call you and see we got to a ticket Exactly, let me tell you something a Roger roady baby wherever you go I'd be packing up and going all right, hey, by the time sign it out here. See ya. Take care bye bye Bye bye now we have an open line in date 6229463 622W I Oh, D come on. Let's get worked up to a frenzy here. Come on here we go Let's do it one time for a time sake But we're not whining we don't whine over here. Okay, we do go on to pre-game show it make all kinds of stories and songs and dances Which by the way was very interesting because somebody I don't want to mention his name But somebody was trying to get Brian Marie to say on it pre-game abortion at night Wednesday night about how well You know, once the goalie's out of the creases fair game What your vector was like just in front of the creases like out in the corner behind in it He was just barely in front of the uh, a crease and Brian Murray said no That's not true. He's never fair game In fact, Brian Murray's one of the big proponents of this stupid blue a bigger crease rule and the in the creasing which is ruining the game And he said no that said the goalie is not fair game Or we're trying to protect him any odd yoddi yoddi yoddi Stunk so there you go kind of blew up in somebody's piss Anyway, here's Miami hello Hello, yes, sir. How you doing great all right, listen I just wanted to say I think passion and the panther management share are one of the same could be good You know, I think uh, they're really idiots for that trade back there if I had to point a different of the finger at something It's definitely that trait. That was certainly a turning point Turning point You know, it's been had a great amount of chemistry. Yeah, and it was destroyed. Yeah, and I think what you'll never convince them of that You'll never convince them of that well hey, I love Chris Wells man. They got blow up dolls of Chris Wells in her homes That's right. Yeah, I think taxes got the same thing too, right. Yeah He's got a blow up dollar water Sabo. I think God I'm a serious water Sabo could be one of the dumbest man I've ever met in my life He has no more he wouldn't he wouldn't even know how to turn on a radio much less out of program one Well, that explains a trade. Yeah, you're right. Well, hey, listen to you. I just wanted to pass that on okay Hope you have a good weekend in Hollywood back to you all right here. Okay bye bye Two open lines in date six two two nine four six three on a great Friday on an earthshaking Friday We're solving the problems of the medical profession today. We're gonna solve the problems of the legal profession We're gonna solve the problems of the sports stuff thing We're gonna solve the problems of all the religious assholes. We're gonna solve all the problems of the world by two o'clock And if you don't believe that you stay tuned or else how do you like that? The opinions expressed on double-wide. Do you are those of Neil Rogers? No, I don't no No, there are other opinions but not for long six ten W-I-O-D What is it? What does that mean? Not the opposite of what there should be trying to say There are other opinions but not for long like soon only Neil's opinions will be on here. That's what that's saying But what does that mean? Exactly. I don't get what you just said either what that the the just of that rejoin It's just there are other opinions besides Neil's yeah for long It's backwards yeah So in other words Neil's opinions won't be here much longer. We're gonna set up what they're saying yeah They're saying there are other opinions besides Neil's hope. I'll put you down understand We got all those billboards up. Neil is here. Neil's still here. We're gonna milk it and you know That's the Jayhoker philosophy. Yeah, and you know what Alan Mason said it's gonna get really ugly Yeah, these people all have a different story They all got a big mouth. They all talk a lot. They all have had a lot of stuff to the media most of which is untrue by the way And then even the big man himself the hot shot mr I can destroy anything I touch mr buddy, but he goes on and he says wow the real question is What obligation is that you're right just keep making it up as you go along You know just dazzle them with bull crap like in all those meetings, you know just dazzle us with importance And about those god dang Italians and that big yacht there building for you They can't do anything right. I'm really impressed you know it. I mean I have never been so impressed it depressed in my life Hey, how's the planet doing by the way? They had one hell of a book today man you think we had a pretty marginal book Woo, we in fact let me take a look Let me take a look and see how forward. What formerly is she one moment please just bear with me. Okay, just humor me for one moment 6 to 10 a.m. Of course. They've had 45 changes on air that was Linda energy of course And it was also who was on before her The broad they went to Cleveland that they screwed over in the light too like crazy. Both hell was her name? Liz Wild Liz Wild Linda love lace whatever name was let's see WPLL the planet in the morning 25 to 54 I'm looking oh 16 to a one eight there really smoking up there huh? Of course it was a two three last summer a one point eight on a hundred thousand watt a watt class CFM That used to be one of the prime stations in the market on a freaking believable Well, let's see the main the only thing we got in women is 18 to 34 Let's be in all fairness take a look at women 18 to 34 and see maybe they're kicking ass with the women because it's supposed to be a women oriented radio station Okay, and in fact let's see women 18 to 34 Monday through Sunday Six a.m. to midnight the whole week and how the planet's doing they're not on the first page Oh look at this four five to a five four there you go there is the story right there women 18 to 34 the ruptu a five for the one two three four five six Keep going 7 or up to number eight already they're smoking it so that planet this stick with that format you guarantee it's gonna be number one half But another two three weeks the planet one oh three point five baby as packs and once again just destroys everything in his path like a hurricane 11 28 a Wiod Wonderful I'll do make 610 Wiod You know, I might just go on strike I might just go on strike right now. Thank you David. No, no, what I wanted was a folk. I mean a knife But I'll take the other or 200 napkins because I may be crying into them any minute or not You know what I'm saying that's the best I can say is like that See Walter Sabot told me many many weeks ago the last time I spoke to him in my life. I hope how thank God That he was gonna come down here and fix the way the station sounded because the production on the station sounded so bad Actually, I even though what some was getting pretty stale. I thought it sounded pretty good I don't recall anybody ever calling and saying you know the production. Thank you again sounds really bad and still But this now this is his idea and you know it came straight from the horses ass This is his idea of fixing it Do you know what I'm saying? The level of embarrassment has reached a new low here. I knew hi a new on a Richter scale. I have no penis I got him from Linda energy my closest up down This left for three days now Some way friend ran in the afraid how many drugs do I have today my hair is all mounted it's been hard to feed Since I saw Linda energy You know that my heart's been going wild seems like I wanted to kill that kill and Transportation not convention I protect your face out pedaling drugs all day that drops away blood through your brain For doctor husband says it's okay A physician is his name my closest up down my head standing around and I have this left for three days now Woo One Number three five WRV by the way, which your ways did we get this from this happens to be outstanding happens to be very good I got Wendy's without the bun of course. I got my aunt also with the one on one Hollywood Boulevard the one time yeah, and we paid for this how come for this we haven't got free food from them yet Well, why not they saw that one day and messed up our order, but anyway, I'll take this this is very good And they gave it to you this way without the bun right? I think I did it was go to your Wendy say I wanted atkins style with no bun and they do it I got two Wendy singles which she's onion and bacon and it's outstanding. It's perfect on the atkins and it's great nice go on guys And we paid for it Here's Miami. Hello Miami When is this Okay, have a nice life here's a four-later nail hello Hey, Neil yes, sir. Hey, what do you have in the lunch day when it's got to town? Yeah, yeah Good, I bought a new truck a couple weeks ago. Yes, sir. I'm who get from who a new truck I'm a new truck from Wayne of course. You can't avoid the man anymore. Yeah, and the weekend after I bought it They could be down to I do water not a Hey, they got something for everybody there. Yes, they do How's that? That's right? I was in it out with a new bed lighter in 15 minutes. Yeah, that's right When you go to ideal man, it's the old in and out That's it and two things like the Colary Epstein aka Very junior major douche bag. Oh, yeah, yeah, can you play thicker you didn't say very Epstein did you? Okay, we have an open line in Broward 7679463. It's like the duct just came down. Okay, Donald duck And they were not loaded on the $50 okay, let me first you know no chance I mean He mentioned a magic name very Epstein my close personal friend who I don't barely even know But somehow got to hold my all-huff-all-hum phone number. Oh, well, I give it exactly Very Epstein, but everyone my day. I have bed in digestion now. We have an open line in Broward 7679463 767W iod is the water Sabo people are destroying their demolishing their blowing it to smithereens They're making a laughing stock that's always a good idea just before you sell a place so that it beds worth what they bought it for 13 million I wouldn't be surprised that they sell it for one two and a half Here's Fort Lauderdale hello. Hello, yes, sir. Roy. Do you have anything maybe passions? Roy. Could be Well, what is it? What is it? Order Sabo sucks. Yeah, Jovenowski sucks. Okay. It's a suck ass world man. We have an open line in Broward 7679463 767W iod is in and offer the stock here's Fort Lauderdale again. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Great I want to talk about the bumpers, but I won't because they're too hideous. Oh, bumpers. Oh my god the bumpers as in 610 W iod CL our thing 610 W iod Oh, the just the way he even phrases it is so boring if you put you into a coma Maybe they're trying to have something to match the current case show and what's with this crap wonderful L adrenal sucks down here. Oh my god. Well, that's originally what the station went about like 60 some years ago when they made the station that's what they w iod stands for but that went out with the knickers I mean it went out with the white bucks But secondly, it went out with radio consultants Is there on this planet a better okay planet? I can't get it. Is the people hired by pack none? They are top not they're the best they are the best make no mistake about it. Just keep one thing in mind No, you're the only one making the right move. Yeah, I mean, it seems to me a lot of other people have already made this place is cleaned out What does places cleaned out since the sale of the station the entire news department is gone and even Juan Mediato That we came over here. He's already gone and moved over to channel 7 Jennifer rem she's long gone everybody's gone Everybody's gone the only people left here other than couple of producers is me Rick and suds that's it There is not one other personally six months later that was here when the station was sold is that tell you something not one other Personani here except the course to even jg it means that the damn pleasant place to work right that's it's the best and That's if you can get your job done at all. I hear you every that I mean, you know, well he has to understand is you're the only reason that we make it through the day sometimes Yeah, I mean life is that he doesn't care I can go wag some other animals as he doesn't care of course Do busy with God my prediction Panthers three Rangers one okay. I hope you're right from here from your mouth to God's rectum man and Third I just you've been taking for Italian classes. I read a lot of mafia books see and There's usually an italicized word And it spelled m i m c hi a M i n c h i a right and it's a exclamation point out. I have no idea mekia Yeah, I just wanted a say to a lot huh and I was just trying to must be like a chappiquia Well, I'll find out for your pal. Um, I'll get a shame is request Kitty fell in the well. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, bye. Bye. Bye He said kitty. Yeah He said something else. I thought he was doing a Denise pot fan on his first second there Nobody would do that. I woke up this morning But my pussy was Well My Really as big share with her long and Rugby pussy voice Oh You Never let her wonder or she might fall in Well, well, well, well, my cat fell in the way. Oh, for sports for kids, kids, kids, my cat fell in the way. Oh, hey. Well, 1142, a W-I-O-D, well, well. That's what Malcolm Adolescent and Clockwork Orange, remember that? Well, well, well, well. How come the British invented English and they still can't speak it? I've wondered that all my life. Something will probably be discussing on Monday, but British who can't speak English. Hey, no matter what language you speak, you want to be treated right when you do business, especially when your money is involved. That's why when your bank treats you like crap, it's time to fire your bank. We hear more damn banking stories, including Rick Riley went on a couple of days ago at Great Length on his bank, which begins with a B, but I won't mention which one. In fact, the first letters of Papa, Papa, Papa, those are the first two letters of his bank. And he was getting the run around and they screwed him over and he couldn't get a hold of anybody and they didn't care. Almost everybody who deals with those big and personal banks, including me has got worse stories to tell. And finally, you get fed up. You say, you know, something I'm sick, and tired. It's my money. I care about my money. I work like a dog to make my money. And I deserve to be treated like a munch. I'm letting them hold my money and make a profit on it. Squeeze it and final it. The least they can do is treat me well. That's why it's time to fire your bank and head to family bank because they're the best. They're great. Their sensation while I love them. They can't begin to tell you how much I love Matt and the bank too. And they give you the lowest service fee in Brower. They give you all the conveniences of even the big shot banks. They got an ATM at every bank. They got honor and presto and serious. They got seven great Brower locations all over the place. So what's not to like? Family bank where they treat you like a munch like a human being. Lot like a number to computer like the big banks do. So fire your bank. Get some cohorts, baby. Grow up here even if you're a woman. Grow a gigantic big oozing pier wherever on your body you choose. And go to your bank and say good bye. Give me my money please and head to family bank. You're going to love them. Family bank member FTI 610 WIO. And deep in the heart of some far out jungle. We've received word that some natives seem to be worshipping some kind of unusual god. A voice from far far away has captivated these isolated people. If you listen closely you may just hear. And just go get drunk. We're worldwide. Baby WWW.AudioNet.com Or WWWW.Packsin.com Come and worship with us with 610 WIOD. 610 WIOD. More listeners than a cell phone scanner. 610 WIOD. You notice when the sputs end and that comes on you notice the difference in the whole ambiance and the sound because most of the spots because they want to get people's attention. They've got a certain kind of dynamism to them. A certain kind of brightness and they like you know jump it out and scream me and want to grab you by the throat and keep your attention. And then all of a sudden there's like this transition to like. Like vanilla pudding. No excuse me vanilla pudding is too tasty like like unflavored yogurt. That's it. Unflavored yogurt. As in. Oh my god. These these people are done more than Tom Velvita they really are. They are done more than those people those Cox people that were running WSUN. Who kept saying check back with us until this afternoon as if hey you might not like this maybe this afternoon I'll have to show you my like. I was a geek. Yeah right. And by the way now that he's left over there they're all dancing in the aisles is what I heard from I don't want to say cigar Dave but Tom Velvita was a real as if we didn't know useless useless as that he was long kind of a Yahoo kind of like Bill Wise. Here's Miramar hello. Sing a Roger. See a body but Paxton was his name. He's got Rick and so it's Neil got and run and run and don't say God damn when you're on him and Ralph Reed there buddy boys. Well they were just fanatics with media toys. So hello Miramar in full of grace your programming preaching is a disgrace. And if you keep Mr. Walter say bye with Neil got your station will blow. All right. All right. Thanks Neil. Okay excellent job. By the way, Minky and Italian means a penis. I don't want to say like what you said. We can be throwing names around on here here like Dick. We have an open line even though he does have a very interesting Miller light campaign. There's another one of those ad campaigns that nobody knows what it means and they don't care. I mean you see that guy and he's saying hey there's Dick. I mean if he don't look like the definitive Dick I don't know who does. We have an open line in a mobile on purple line pound I O D. But this is good this lunch today. Why don't we do this more often. I even know we have to pay for it all by I'll spring for lunch like once in a great while. Because the free lunch is always tastes better don't they? Here here's Hollywood. Hello Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing? Great. Oh I was a long time listener Neil. You were? Long time still him. Okay. Scared me there. I thought we lost you. Yeah. Listen to you every day but major dolphin fan not so not too hot on the on the Dallas Cowboys. My partner here thinks Troy can walk on the water. Those are really. Oh yeah until yesterday when I listened to your eight been on his knees card. Has your partner seen that spot that TV spot that he does. No he hasn't seen that yet. Oh my god. When he sees that he's going to be hiding in the closet. He's going to take the spot that L on his vacating. He's going to be in a closet when he sees that spot. No seriously this brak comes out and it's like she's doing a touch football thing. And she knocks, achemond down and falls right on top of him. And then he goes back in the huddle with the players and he says okay guys same play. On his knees. Well I mean she just got through falling on top of him. Do you follow what I'm saying? It's almost like Troy's making an announcement over here. Okay guys same play. So if you would play that card together. Have a great day pal. Yeah. Linky up. What else did I have? Open line in a mobile one. How about you play? When this quote of back gets lonely. He likes receivers that are white. I like it. Some people say. Oh right. That number ages game. Oh they say Troy loves the big brown eye. Eight men. He goes down on his knees and he goes. It's guys he likes to please a man. He loves to slap cowboys on their behind. I like that. He's got a spotless reputation. A America steam is world renowned. But his Troy gave that effort to people say. All right. In the hurdle he goes down. Rectome. Eight men. He goes down on his knees and he goes. I can some balls to squeeze. Eight men. Don't clip him cause he likes it from behind. Wonderful. I live demons. Six ten. W-I-O-D. You know. It's kind of like a bunch of elementary school kids just came in and and they took over the place and they're running it now. Isn't it? Kind of like a bunch of little kids who want to play radio from like a grade school radio station came in here and they took over the joint and now they're like they're doing it. They'd be doing it. You know KPX has great regional. Like I said, congratulations to WKPX and Piper High. They got great rejoins and it's a great radio station. They know a lot more about this business than buddy button is got some or spoko. We'll ever know. Thank God and Walter Sabo also. Funny promos. Right. No, these are pretty funny in a real sick way. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. How you doing here? Great. I'm going to look forward to being on QAM and read the numbers as we saw as I L.D. slowly goes down the pole. Yes. Was they slide down the totem pole? I don't look forward to that. Yes. And the other thing was with the panthers. They were. There we go. Okay. That's enough. When you think they keep saying about the fatigue with the range being so old. They got that was supposed to happen Wednesday. Remember the second game back to back home. Just going to show up. Just put on those cups and put on lace up those skits. Go out there and arrange it for three times. Keep saying, well, three games and four days. Yeah, three games and four nights, man. They can't possibly do that. I just want to say that. And Billy Franks give me call. Okay. I think. Yeah. It sounds like more of that whining to me even though they didn't know that they're doing it. Whining. We're not whining. Okay. Whatever you say, Dougie, whatever you say, Brian, you're not whining. If you're not whining, then don't go on. It was pre-game and post-gaming in between games shows and go on and give all kinds of excuses. Let's find out the real story why these guys aren't playing like they're capable of playing. And aren't even a shadow of last year. And don't be Billy Lindsay. Billy Lindsay is a good hard-nosed kid, but he hasn't scored a goal. Since before Foster he was an embryo. Okay. So don't give me Billy Lindsay. We've all got more excuses than Carter's got pills. But anyway. Here's a bokeh. Hello. He knew how to go and great. What's your prediction for the game tonight? I have no prediction Sir, I have no idea who's going to show up. I'll be the real panther to the point. That's the point. I haven't the real panthers haven't showed up since the Pittsburgh game. I must have killed you to see Gretzky's going to three goals. Oh my god. I need a little more. I was screaming. Screamin' because every time he's wide open, there isn't anybody. He could have stopped and written a book. He could have written Warren piece before he took the shot. I know you hate him like poison. Oh god. So uh... And how come nobody go hit him? You remember in the first game when Lindsay hit him? And he held his head and he wandered around. Oh gee. He was as useless as a farther rest of the game when we won that game. And how all of us said we'd say, well we better not do it again. What is that? I don't have you heard any rumors about Robbie and Mock Messier. Anything going on about that? About what? Robbie need a mile and mile. I don't think Mark's his type. We have an open line and plus Robbie's got that hot, hot, hot, hot, babe. Since he's starting doing that hot, babe, Robbie's been a non-fireman. He's playing Robbie. Need a mile is turning to God. Better late than ever sweetheart. He had a rough year man. He was brutal. He was really, I mean, never games. He was skating around in circles. It looked like he was auditioning for the US skating team. For the Olympics. And then he said, hey, I'm a little butcher in that. We said, we know that, Robbie. And all of a sudden just before the season ended. And now in a playoffs, he's the one-goat guy. That's out there really doing it. Let's give him a big tip of the old medicine head to Robbie Need a mile for being our one-guy offensively. That's out there really producing and really playing and fun like doing it. And as far as everybody else, well, we'll see. How's Blinky doing? Nice beard, Blinky. 1156 to Wiod. No one would confuse this with a talk station. Go to hell, are you talking to son? 6th-hand Wiod. Miami Ford Latterdale. When wins with us, the Palm Beach is 6th-hand Wiod. It's Friday, you best in. Yeah. In videos stores, everyone. From the people who brought you, the Fruit Door May Cooks with wine. It's the Fruit Door May Cooks with boys. Yeah. Who? Well, yes. The Fruit Door May Cooks Italian. A little man. Some lovely sausage for you. The Fruit Door May Cooks Chinese. Today I'm going to make some young guy. And of course, I'm going to make some young guy. And of course, the Fruit Door May Cooks Greek. Yeah. Whoa. Yes. If you're warm and fuzzy old friend, the Fruit Door May, like you've never seen him before. He may be Frugal with his money, but not with his sons. The Fruit Door May Cooks with boys. Only 1995, the video's torn near you. And don't forget coming next fall, it's the Fruit Door May Cooks with malt liquor. Tomo for our W-I-O-D happy Friday to hear his plantation. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Great. All right. I got a real bad feeling down to my intestines. Tell you what. Yeah. Could just be gas. Yeah, exactly. I mean, what are they going to do once they get into? If they do get by the Rangers. Oh, how far do you think they're going to go? I mean, really? From about here to the wall, I would say. They like leaves are balls in the locker. I don't know what's still in there. Yeah. Could I get a sandwich? All right. Could you do the Chinese restaurant for me, please? Chinese restaurant. I'm not pleased I love that one. The Chinese restaurant that we've heard 4,000 times. Okay, pal. Have a great life. Oh, he's not playing us again. Not again. I'm a good son, can I help you? Yeah, I couldn't even find that to be a rich officer. Yeah, huh. Yeah, huh. We saw a name. Patrick. Patrick? Yeah. Ah, just so that I suppose to talk to someone named Foo. Who? He's so Foo. Okay, hold on. You're saying, okay. Hello. Hello. How's it? Yeah, who's speaking? Huh? Yeah, hello. Who's speaking? Huh? Ah, hello. Can you hear me? Yeah. You got restaurant for sale? Huh? Ah, how much you want for the song? Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the boss. I come over, maybe eat dinner with you. Okay. Does, is that price include all the walks? Huh? Yes? Come on, boss. You're Chinese? Yes, Chinese. Okay, you can go. Okay, you can go. It's the song, boss. You can go, boss. Go. I'll go, boss. You can go, boss. You can go, boss. Huh? Go. You can go. No, don't go. Okay, how about the old two girls, and then I come over and pick it up in local boss? Okay. Okay. Okay. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, right? Yes, you know, you know, right? I know, I know. You know, you know, I know. You know, I know. I know. I know. Okay, I'll be right there. Okay. I'll see you later. You'll be right there. Okay, you know, I know. You know, I know. Okay. Okay. Twelve, seven, and double, you know. Do we got two open lines in both and brawards? Seven, six, seven, nine, four, six, three, seven, six, seven, WIO. D, here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall? Yeah, I'm on the phone. And he'll yes sir. How's your public doing? 27 yesterday. 27 yesterday not too bad. They're not. But 25 was hoping that thing would go more. That was just hold your horses man. Yeah. You've hold ball the chance. Yeah. You'll get that thing up to 20. I mean 30. Hopefully 33. I remember four a couple months ago. I got 34. It was a 44 for a while here for like about two minutes. I should have sold that, right? Right. Me too. Me too, man. We're greedy. We're just greedy and dumb. Yeah. Everybody. Everybody keeps coming to hang on. You know, hopefully we're doing this for more business. All right. Just hold a real tight. That's what Wayne told me. Just squeeze a real tight. Yeah. We told him to squeeze this. Yeah. I was also hoping I can get a shame. That's the question. What would that be sir? Stores Cantina. Star Wars Cantina. You be gotten it. Okay. Thanks a lot. See ya. Bye bye. Oh, that's another one. Man, we played that like 48,000 times. We have an open line in day six, two, two, nine, four, six, three. There's nothing worse than when you take these days and you run them into the ground and over and over and over and they become really a driver's. They won't even queue up on a machine. Look at that. Look at this stupid machine here. Look at this mother scratch and machine. The best equipment that money can't buy. I mean, I could have had that thing planned for this guy. Like immediately, if not sooner and this stick in machine here is the biggest piece of direct. God. Help me up, walk to me. You are only a... The name was Leia. She was a princess with the Danish on E.G. And I thought, drawing here so I do need to. Fummen can know being over. We have to put the desktop lands into the rebellions hands. So look at everyone, have to get to all the runs. So they stopped into more wisely. They have a drink with fun at the start. What's up? I was cantine. Don't wear the screeches. You've never seen a... I've lost our worst. I was cantine. Music and my husband and old Jedi masters at the start. We have to pass for lo... I'm so... He was a pilot. With the faster that it's done. And a smile will pass that's why they're with you, but God. He was lucky. They met with looking only one about the millennium. Fuck under King Bay 90. Oh, you're cool. Don't you present a door with the flash of Ben's right. Nothing's in honor of the world. The stars are the stars. Don't we can't see no? Don't we at the screeches you've never seen a... I've lost our worst. Star Wars can't see no. Music and my husband and old Jedi masters at the start. I've lost our best. You're a middle-sign. The more I'm rich is high. Come and have a little bit. Of course. His name was Yoda. He was a muffin. He died bitter was so bad. And by the way, he's loose that Lucas's sister. His hand got kind of... In that galaxy, fuck away. Lucas had a lousy day, but the bed was so mean. Jobah had bad hygiene. Oh, white didn't they all just relax? Back on time to eat at the start Wars. Star Wars can't see no. Don't we at the screeches you've never seen a... I've lost our worst. Star Wars can't see no. Just lick them. Music and my husband and old Jedi masters at the start Wars. Roll. Roll. Music and my husband. Music and my husband. Music and my husband. Music and my husband. Music and my husband. The problem in a WWE DVD. Here's a facts from Paula. Paula, who's a big-least Miguel fan, by the way. So she can't feel all bad. Pauluses. All Panther fans go to the game tonight. Where are the waiters? You're a red shirt in the name of you. It's very... The... Go... Go... Panthers. That's what Paula says. Yea. You're here. Tarts the shameful ones and Paula Harrison. So where are the waiters you're? Our fridge? That's right to me. What happened to your friend to see a club? A rage of blood. Your brim's is blood. Massageed blood. That fancy look robotized blood. We're from GoJoint. Our marriage... You're şimdi... OKAYWAME YOU, Eltern! OKAYWAME YOU, tutto doll. Okay, here's the on-off. Good dog. Okay, here's Jamie. Hello. All right, look, this is the deal. Here's the deal. This is the deal. Here's an argument waiting for. All right, just hold on one second. I'm holding it. Please, I'll explain. I'm listening. Okay. I think it all you jerk off that are for the Panthers as far as management. This is what we're going to do. We're tired of your crap. We're not going to buy any more season passes. We're not buying any more of your damn tickets until you admit that you made a stupid deal, a stupid trade, and you just a bunch of warning pansies. Yeah. And that's what we're going to do. That's how you hit these jackasses. Right in the pocketbook. Okay. Okay, pal, go ahead. I'll go ahead. There you go. There's the answer for you. 767, 463, 767, WOD. We have an open line of brown. He's mad as hell. He ain't going to take it anymore. How do you like that Wayne? Baldi? How do you like that? Here's the lady in candle. Hello. What's the big surprise? I mean, they absolutely could not score since January. Right. I mean, everything. They couldn't score in a one-up net, right? I mean, you know, I mean, they could protect the lead if he held a bullet to their head. Yes. Yeah, exactly. I mean, let's face it. I didn't think there were going to go anywhere in the flyoff. And you did. I mean, you're hoping for the best. I mean, if you know, you'll support your team. I hope I could last year. They were in a funky foot of playoffs, and all of a sudden they took off. And they went ballistic. Of course last year they just got in Shepherd and Strokah. And also Stubborns and WOD were still on the team. Right. Last year. They could score some goals, right? And also last year, the defense was playing like more sound. And they were like letting in a lot of cheesy goals. And letting all these odd man breaks and the eddy was playing for real. And I like make believe what he is this year. I don't know. Got hit by the dumbstick. Well, anyway, we won't talk about since that trade. Yeah. But, um, I'm homesick as a dog. Is there a flu going around? I don't know. Could be. Boy, I tell you. Well, I'll tell you one thing. I let my dogs out last night and I went outside on the patio. And there was that smell of Jasmine in the air, uh-huh, which smells real good. But that indicates to me that all the crap the pollen and the stuff is around. So that could be it. Could be an allergic reaction, but I don't think so. Maybe it's allergic reaction to those last two, uh, last three games. Probably possibly. Uh-huh. Listen, on the day of your daughter's wedding, yeah. Yeah. Make a request, please. Of course. Something I haven't heard in a long time. Jess. Catching the cradle? Catching the kettle. I bet you that's not in here. Is it true enough? Yeah. Long gone. How about then the Vatican Rags for your ex-nunfriend here? Okay. Alrighty. See ya. Thank you. Okay. She's getting chronic. We have an open line of date. Six, two, two. We have one in Broward. 7, 6, 7, 7, 6, 7, 7, 7, W, I, O, D. I know that the Lord even loves Neorodgers. First you get down on your knees. Fill with your rosaries. Now you're head with great respect and turn your flex in your flex. Do whatever steps you want if you have clear them with the content. Everybody says on Curial, it's on doing the bandage and ride. But it will do. Back them. Get in line in that procession. Step into that small confessional. There look guy who's got religion. I'll tell you if your sins are original. If it is, try playing it safer. Drink the wine and chew the way for two or three days. Time to transfer upstairs. You can't get down upon your knees. Fill with your rosaries. Now you're head with great respect and turn your flex in your flex. Take a cross on your abdomen. When in Rome, do like a Roman. I'll be Maria. She's good to see you. Can't expect it. I can't find a right. I can't do an abandoning an ride. Good friend of the YOD. The topic today? Why don't we get phone calls? Play right there. The move. Hold that for us. 610. W-I-O-D. W-I-O-D. W-I-O-D. W-I-O-D. 12-19-W-I-O-D. Here's our vital on a mobile. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you, Dave? Thanks for calling 610-W-I-O-D. You're quite welcome. You're welcome. I mean, thank you. Let me see a couple things. Did you see the Sentinel this morning? Yes, I did. So the thing about Jodo? Yeah. And I also saw the thing in Dave Joseph's column, which is a total response to me about how I know whining allowed Brian Murray and the coach are well. There'd be willarders to why some believe the path has been whining about incidents in the series. There'd be willarders. I'll be willarders as well. So all we've been hearing is whining. Yeah. And I'm on hold. Wait to talk to you. I'm listening and they said tonight, the 8 o'clock robo cops on. So I don't know. Maybe there's something there. Yeah, could be. But I hope he's in it, at least to get him out of the game. And to the one gentleman there that was speaking to you earlier, when you pull out, so to speak, you know, would you ask? Yes, sir. How the rating or the station's going to slide down the pole? They already got a good start. I think they're going to plummet quickly rapidly down to the very bottom. They already have a running start. Yeah, they got a good start. I have one request. Yes, sir. I'm not too familiar with it. I think it's blue hands. Blue hands. Yeah. Excellent choice. That's to me that gentleman, the things that songs sounds like Frank Zappa, Rear, resurrected. It is. Good. Good. Tarmann. That's Frank Zappa. Rear, resurrected. Have a great life. Bye bye, sir. We're here. We're here. We're here. I like it. Nothing. Who has on my TV? Who has on the blue sheets? And they got 90s on their feet. I never saw the house smelling so nice. Now I'll have the lower my asking price. Nothing but containers lying on beds. All of them weird. All of them deaths. Yes. Who has on their feet? Swaving by my... Going to Syria. It's here. It's here. It's here. It's here. It's here. Let's do it. Pralk 21 at Wiodina. See that kind of a blue sky blue sky. See you go back to End favorites right away with those Regions. It does. That Glen Miller sounds. Welcome to the sounds of Glen Miller. Maybe this is a tip off on the new format. When the new people take over. I thought that was Irving Berlin. What? Blue skies. No, no, I'm talking about the rejoins It's a let Miller music they're playing in a back Blue skies deserving Berlin. What I thought I think you may be right. How do you know that? I know a couple things not too much no about that Here's Papeno hello Oh, man that was worth the price of Emission if you ask me the mad dog is out of control And you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from blackbuster entertainment Human-ditch sings duet Well, I'll ride Right around in the sea well, all right Here's a mad dog karma Yeah Use Well, alright. Well, alright. At first Jim said he felt a little bit foolish. Oh, I can't. You make it a horror. But now he says I like this. I like this. I like this. The man dog just can't kiss enough for that cottage cheese but if he wants for the thing, God bless America and face these in the cheese string up here. I'll do it. Jim added, sing to us, available now at all blocks us through stories. Okay, we've seen you soon, man. Dog 12 24 a WOD. We have an open line in a purple line. Pond IOD. We have one on the other town line. The Palm Beach line. The audio net line. The worldwide web line. Oh, by the way, isn't it exciting that Vanessa and Matt are reuniting on guiding light on the worldwide web? Oh, my God. How exciting, huh? Robert and Tess. How cute. Here's a lady in Tamara. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Hi, how are you doing? Great. I haven't asked him to die a question for you. Yes? What did you drink when you were on the diet? Aquaman Raleigh. Lots of water. That's it? Yeah. Can I have wine? No. Oh, you mean like alcohol? It can't have no booze. No booze at all. No. Try some crystal light. Chris, I'm really crystal light. Yeah, you can have that zero carbs. I've been reading chapter eight over and over trying to find some kind of an option to drink here and having no luck whatsoever. Has opposed to what? Well, you can have die caffeine-free diets. So, do you have any flavor, any variety? You have all the crystal light that you can shove down your piss. You can have all the bottled water with or without photos on. I didn't even think of crystal light. Yeah. I was always like a big power and a gatorade drinker. You don't want that. But, Chris, the light at least has got some taste to it. And it doesn't have sugar and doesn't have any carbs. Yeah, this is true. See, I would say snapple, but the only problem is I never had never dawned on me. But snapple being iced tea has got caffeine in it. Right. Exactly. If you do have caffeine, does that slow up the problem? No caffeine whatsoever. Right. That's what the doctor says. My doctor doesn't seem to know anything about it. Forget your doctor's a doctor like my dog is a doctor, okay? Like most of them. You said, one more question for you about it. That's okay. Father me all your one. How about artificial sweeteners? It's equal allowed. Yes it is. The only thing he says in a book, which if you're reading the book in that chapter over and over again, is that some people, if they get slowed way down and they don't know why, that's some people have a bad reaction to interferes with their metabolism. Because that hurts from different people. They say, don't touch equal. You just plain saccharin or just drink a plane. So I don't know what to believe. So I figured I'd call pro. Well, you'll find out when you go along because everybody's different. Yeah, this is true. You have to experiment. Have to be a little adventurous. When and out, try it out. I'm just stuck on what to drink. Well, you grow. We solved it for you. We gave you the solution. Yeah, the diet's great. I'm losing weight and it's great. I don't have the appetite I used to. There you go. There you go. There you go. I'm kind of stuck on. What do I drink? Okay. Thanks a lot. You got to keep it up. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. We have an open line in date. 6, 2, 9, 4, 6, 3. We have one in a mobile one. Purple line. If you move very fast. If you pick up that instrument and give it a shot at poundio d. Where it's 12, 27. 6, 10, double dui oj. More listeners than a cell phone scanner. 6, 10, double dui oj. 12, 31, it's wiot. So it looks like Linda energy is trying to use me as a condo with to vent her anger with the Apaxon people for firing her scankeyas of the planet in the morning. And she sends me a bunch of confidential facts. What are not really facts is their email. So they're not confidential. Well, whatever they are there from Alan Mason or her and why do I want to put this on here. Although there is one very interesting thing here to Alan Mason says this is before they put a Ass on the air or just shortly after before they fired her ass. And Alan Mason says, I'm looking forward to to Neil talking about you. It's the best promotion you can get. Doesn't matter what he says as long as he gets your name right. Emory. I'm bigger pardon. That's her name. That's got it right. Emory? I thought he was in poison the band. Don't you remember Emory? No. You never saw the boys in the band? The new one or the old one? There's a new one? Oh, I must be thinking of something else. No, I never saw the uh, there's only one. I never saw it. Like about 25, 26 years ago. Oh, it's my band. Fag move. But at any rate, it was not in black and white. Oh, what? It wasn't in black. It was very colorful. Emory with very colorful. And like the other one said, beware the hostile fact. That was uh, what the old was his name? The birthday boy was Henry Harvey Harry. What have been hell is his name was? So anyway, I'm not going to read this crap on here, Linda, and find a life and go find somebody else to go to bed for you because quite frankly, I never heard your stupid show nor do I care to anyway. And quit bugging us and try. Just the same crap she was doing with a physician there when they came in here and tried to use this show. Forget it. It ain't going to work. It's not going to happen. Okay. Here's a call from New Jersey. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm calling from New York, actually. Um, how come it says New Jersey? Wow. Are you in 10, are you in 10, a fly or you in Engelwood? I'm actually down around Coltsmanck, freehold in that area. Oh, freehold. Oh, my god. You know, Jackie Lee, do you? No, Bruce Springsteen. Okay. The odds better. That's better in Jackie Lee. Think the panther might. But the panther's took the uh, range as a little too lightly. Is that it? Yeah. Absolutely. I don't think the range has played all that great. I think the panthers have been in a coma. Wow. I think it may be making any difference. Who we were playing right now. They're playing horrendous. They're playing bad. They have no spark. They got no drive. They got no offense. I agree with that. I mean, you watch these other games, man. You watch every other series, except St. Louis, Detroit, which is a sleeper. But all of the other series, and it's great play off hockey and back in fourth and drama and suspense and a lot of amazing stuff. I mean, at Buffalo Auto with series, even though it's very low scoring, it could just make the hair stand right up on the back of your neck and so exciting. And you watch the panther range as series. You want to take a nap. Presuming the ranges went in the series, you think they have a... No chance. No way. Do you think they got a shot to go somewhere? I think if they play the devil, they have a shot. No way. If they play silly, I think they're in trouble. Yeah. A lot of... I think it's the opposite. They had pretty good luck against Philly there. They beat him up pretty bad last two games against New Jersey, man. New Jersey's got their number. I don't know. They haven't beat him into playoff, chef. Well, yeah. But you're talking about previewing. What's going on with Leona down there, Neil? They're flying on hard times. He's been watching the panthers and he's taking a page out of their book. Are you ever going to get syndicated up here? Yes. One. One Monday. No, I'm serious. I don't know. We're working on it. You should. Okay. There's a lot of scrubs up here that are syndicated down there. That's right. It's about time you put my amy on the map. Exactly. It's about time somebody would have brain got on a year and even me. That's true. Okay, pal. Enjoy it. Good luck to you. See you. Okay. There's a range of guy with a pretty decent attitude. He's not one of these arrogant up noxious weed-o types with a big mouth. Hey, it arranges. And of course they real range your fans. They know not playing all that great. But good enough to beat us. Three in a row. With no excuses. We have two open lines at a Palm Beach and he got a ton lines. Like I said, those other series. Like even New Jersey's. There had three games to none. And I mean, it's just a matter of time they're going to wrap up at series. But last night at the Moleson said a remote trail. And Canadians, by the way, have lost seven consecutive playoff games going into last night. And they're right on the edge of oblivion. Right on the edge of extinction. Three over times. Triple over time it took before finally Montreal wins that game. I mean, you could just pee in your pants. Great chances that T-it or kid theater, whatever it is, name is in goal from Montreal. And Bro Deer, of course, doing his thing and standing on his head for the devils. By the net point. Paul's been working for. He's a tough guy. Back in the toes. Here's the shot off the goal. Shot G. Rush off the outside of the punch. Pied up the center. And here's Clover. With Becky Reesball. Reesball. The 24. He's got three ball. Two. And there was a playoff game for a man. There was playoff action. There was a scintillating excitement. Is Danny Gallivan would say it's scintillating man. As opposed to our games, which he keeps saying, OK, let's just get it over. We'd like that third period Tuesday. Let's just get it over with already. OK, you're praying for that clock to speed up real fast. Not fast enough, huh? Here's Davey. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. There's a sixth 10 to be 80, right? Last time I checked, yeah. OK, you're going to say five to 60 to be two in the station. Going to? No. You're currently on six 10 to be 80, which sucks, right? Yeah. Are you going to say the sixth 10 to be the sucks of big one? No. Yeah, we can. We have an open line of Broward. 767. He said he did what? Oh, he did. How was it? 767, I'm 463. Open line and Broward. 767, WID. One of the other town line to Purple line to pound line. Whatever the hell that line is, the agreeing line. Sorry. At 1 AAA, 4749, 463, 188, 847, 4WIOD. I think he loves this station. I think he probably loved this until he heard these rejoins. Ah. 610, WID. About his function. What is wrong? What is wrong? Yeah, I guess. What should we get that phone? Where did that just come from? Oh, don't tell me we got the old timeline. Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait, one moment. There are no one would confuse this with a talk. Well, where did that other one come from? More cheese, please. 610. W. How did the other one get in there, though? That hasn't been in there. That's one of the old ones. Wonderful. I'll do it. Oh, stop it. Get out of here. We have an open line in Broward 7679, 463, 767WIOD. As they destroy, as they come in here, plundering. People like I said yesterday, and I'll say it again. People have been put in federal prison on death row for less than what Walter Sabo has done to this place. He is burchering it. He is killing it. He is strangling it. He is murdering it. I have never heard even in Lakeland floor. They wouldn't put sounders on here like that. On freaking believable. No wonder John Ford's hiding. Yeah, he's on a payroll man. He's on a payroll. Here's Miami Springs. Hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. Great. That's good. Listen, I hate to beat us. What's the expression? Beat a dead horse or whatever. Beat a horseshead, yeah. Yeah, but you might add a little controversy. Oh, we don't want to do that. Oh, it's not that bad. We don't want to be too controversial here. Maybe it'll get someone a woman and call in. Oh, that's not do that. Okay. But anyway. I tried to get in yesterday and we were, you guys were talking about who washes your hands after what? Yes, sir. Now, I want to know how many women wash your hands after they take a leak. Yeah. Well, good tune into Karen Kaden. Because that's her topic again. We have an open line in date. 6229463. 6222Wild and one in Broward. 7679463. Quite frankly, I don't care who takes a leak after they wash their hands. No, seriously, if you value your private part wouldn't it say if you're a man, and even if you're a woman, although I have so little bit different, but I mean, wouldn't you wash your hands before you took a leak? Unless you don't like don't bathe in the morning, isn't it much likely that your hands you've been reading the newspaper and speaking to those paper and they didn't like leaving the building to get us to Miami Harold or what? Apparently none can be found anywhere in the building. Well, is anyone in the building? If there's anyone in the building hiding the Harold, we need the sports section because I did not see Barry Jackson's column. And evidently I'm mentioning in there we like to find out what that looks all about. Probably a bunch of bullcrap. Because Barry, just like Ellie Brecker, makes a lot of stuff up. Let's hear it, baby. Let's get with it. Let's get that Harold sports section here. What kind of a radio station is this anyway? Would no Miami Harold for Christ's Sakes? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Yes sir. Good afternoon sir. Witness Todd Dase. Are you doing this afternoon? Great. Better than ever. Good. Fantastic. Fantastic. You know I'm a pussy pussy. I'm probably one of the few people around here that actually stayed up to watch that Montreal game. Oh my god, what a thriller in vanilla in Montreal, that was, huh? It was it was getting kind of a comment till through the first overtime and then you're in. And then in the second. Yeah, well, no jersey went into a real shell and that first overtime. I mean, they were just, thank you so much. Leslie. Oh, Lisa. Go ahead sir. I just thought I mean, I was like back and forth and back and forth. I'm sitting here looking at the clock and looking at my bed and thinking, do I go to bed or I continue watching this, you know, they don't have a Chinaman's chance to win this game and all of a sudden it's like, oh boy. That's a tree's breeze wall. Of all people at Frog breeze wall. Flip one in Irenda, bro. Do you got a piece of lady burden weight of expectation on the leaf of. Yeah, unbelievable. Uh-huh. Well, I, I believe it's time for us to get the shovel. Time to get the other white lilies and headstone and get ready to do some things. I'm just going to be there because I don't think we have a Chinaman's chance. And we've never once ran over all year, have we? Yeah. Oh, I'm sure we have. I remember we won four in a row at one point like about February or I think it was February. We're playing out like well anyway at that point. Yeah, well Chris was there too, wouldn't he? Yeah. Yes, so any help he's trying to work just came in. She's finishing the show. Unreal. Please, I beg you. Yes? Listen, can I please have a same list for questions? Oh, you got it. But thank you. Long time, you know the, the, the conversation that's on Fatso or the describing what they're eating. Oh, yeah. I love that. That'll kill some good times of Birkenhack and Bondier. Okay, great. Thanks, Neil. Okay. Have a great day. Where are you going? I'm playing it right now because you just came in. It's 2 minutes and 36 seconds long. I like luxury and cocoa. Party. Little pie with chocolate chip ice cream. How cake with chocolate chip ice cream is good? Ring ding. Ah. And chocolate surprise me. Wait, chocolate swirl ice cream, even better. That's nothing. Did you ever suck the jelly out of the jelly down that? And then the chocolate swirl ice cream? Ah. Mmm. I like to stuff a jelly down it for the Reese's Pinot Buttercup. Then put it in a warm oven and lift the chocolate and everything melted to the dough. Mmm. How about peanut butter and jelly for a chocolate-covered Graham cracker? Within my years of banana on top. Mmm. Crud little lemon in my water, please? I make chocolate chip cookies with eminems. That's not a chocolate chip. Yeah. Yeah. So, you can have a little more lemon in my hot water, please. Would you still have a lot of lemon? No, I like a little fresh orange. You squeezed it in my hand if you got it. Yeah. No, sorry. I'll try that moment. The Crohn's, they got chocolate-covered orange, which is the juice just dribbles down your chin. Oh. Mmm. Junior, could I have just a drop of honey in this, please? Just a drop. Where's your natural food? It's covered with that thick dark chocolate. You know? Oh, boy. I'd like to write this stuff on an emin' a donut. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Get the honey, Junior. Give me my honey, Junior. It's in the cover, Dom. Well, get it. What else did they cover with that chocolate? It even excites the orange, which is grapes, peaches, strawberries. Junior, the honey. Those big juicy stem strawberries are dipped into that dark, dark chocolate. Oh, my God. Get the honey, get the honey. I'm in the water. So anyway, okay, that was great. It killed some good time, and here's Barry Jackson with another really assadined stupid. He keeps playing the same angle again, about like, well, Wayne and his people are going to be really pissed off when I go to QAM, and they might just pull the dolphin or Marlon or Panther game. You know, Barry, why don't you get a life and grow up, you stupid piece of turd? Why don't you get with it? As if these things haven't already been discussed and checked out ahead of time, and let me say it again, not Wayne Hypinga and not Dean Jordan, and not anybody else is going to tell me what to say about the Panthers or the dolphins or the Marlins or any other goddamn thing on it radio station. Okay, it's already been discussed up front. And let me also tell you that the reason that the dolphins would off WIOD would over there had nothing to do with the arrogers, which came to me almost directly from the horses, but because of the money sweetheart, which you got in the article here, what a dumb article again. Because I guess he had nothing to fill up the last column and his thing here today. On and on, one to refrauders will continue discouraging listeners from tuning in Panthers play by playing out to Chris Moore. I don't discourage anybody from tuning in. It's a free country. But since most of the games are on TV, and if you're at home with a TV set, why don't you turn list on a radio anyway? Bozo? An additional way to wouldn't have been nice if they had enough Hotspa to put it on Kiss instead of putting these games like tonight's game on whatever Waxy. So don't think just because I'm going to go to work over there, Barry Jackson. I'm going to kiss anybody's ass because it isn't in my vocabulary. Unlike a lot of people I know, not to mention a name. Anyway, 1246 a Wiod, man. Just amazing between Ellie Brecker and this a Barry Jackson guy. Man, it must be taking doggy downers together. They should have been on it 48 hours, your last night. With a pigeon. 610 Wiod. See you, our pain. Hey, hey. 610. Wiod. I had one in my mouth, one. I had a chicken and a bay. One day she flew away to Teo on a weather moon is blue. I'm going to the right wing censorship. There are words that mustn't slidder. To do it tell you how I feel for it. I'm going to work in the morning. So, as you see K.R.I.R.I. I'll see you at Teo on a tune. Now as you see K.R.I.M.S.R.I.M.S.R.I.S. And the FCC won't let me sing this song. I wrote today how it used to be K.R.I.R.I.R.I. Telly's say, that after this transmission I'll be out in 90 days old. We're since to K.R.I.R.I. Then I'll see you at Teo on a go, but gotta see the Teo on a tune. Oh, hey! But 52 at WODA, if Rogers gets out of line, the feeling here is it would take something extraordinarily outrageous to prompt Huzzinga's management team to look elsewhere, meaning the Panther Marlin or Dolphi, if I get out of line. See Barry Johnson, one thing you don't understand my Puggy Little Fats stupid friend, one thing you don't understand is that that I don't work for Wayne Hypinga. Over here, or over there, or any other place, he don't sign my paychecks and never will. And even when we had the Dolphi's on his station, and let me say it again, they didn't go off, having anything to do with me. He didn't control what I said on the air and wasn't going to control it. But this guy, see, this ties in with this philosophy that if you work for a station that broadcast games, or if you work for somebody in particular, you must kiss ass. So Barry ought to be really happy with the broadcast cruise for the Panthers, for example, because there's more ass-looking going on than you can see in an orgy and a Roman orgy, okay? It's unbelievable. So then he goes on to say after a lot of other, Kaka, although the fabulous sports baby has some terrific guests, WQAM certainly wasn't happy with the program's ratings, and certainly won't mind having to drop her show to make room for Rogers. That's a bulletin sweetheart. Made your bulletin as he rambles on, bop bop bop bop bop. Okay, obviously a slow sports day in the broadcast business, nothing to write about. So anyway, getting back to her, the air in K, whatever the hell her name is at night there, getting back to this one, which is just on. Wait, and he waited here this. She is the consultant at large, evidently, because somebody was just telling me a little birdy in the hallway was just telling us that during the nighttime hours, like we've been having these other people ski and who's the other guy? Do we know? Greg O. Greg? Oh, is that isn't Greg? Oh, okay. She sits in the control room and types little messages and the whispers into a Steve nose ring, the board ops ear, what messages to type and kind of directs and orchestrates how to handle the show and screen the calls in the audio. She's the, uh, the consultants. Our consultants at large, okay, which he couldn't do a show if you held an oosy to our head, but she's consulting other people on how we do this format and how we do the water's stable. Let's destroy WIOD routine as nobody else can do any better than she can of course. This is we all know. Oh, my, I mean, it's scandalous. It would be a compliment. She's now the consultant for other people because she sleeps with a consultant so therefore at the knowledge rub's office and how it works. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. No, going once, yes sir. How are you doing, buddy? Great. No, you the man no matter where you're at. Here's there anywhere. Yeah, well, tell Barry Jackson that he can't, he can't figure that out. This Barry Jackson is puts. No, two things. George can be allowed to talk when you go to QAM. George is allowed to talk now and let me go to QAM. All right. George can do whatever he wants including smoking a lot of smoke used to guards. He's done right now. He had the little something to the show. A little something, yeah. And let me ask you this, what's the little something he's got a little something, yes? What's the big deal about Ellen coming out on TV? None. I mean, what is that? It's called much to do about nothing. It's called, it's called there's nothing exciting going out to. They got to make a big song and dance about it. Yeah, like he's something special. Right. Well, you know, that's all I've got. He'll help with toucher with a golf club, right? No kidding. Exactly. The old can ask. Martina wouldn't hit her over the head with a tennis racket, yes? I was wondering, I think I heard it one time. And I'm not sure if you still have it. Is there such a tape called 50 ways to each or lover? 50 ways to each or lover? To eat your lobster. lobster. Pardon? T eat your lobster. Seach your lobster. We have an open line in day six to two nine four six three six to two. How about you, I O D and leave Ellen out of this two by the way. Okay. The problem is all inside our bed she said to me. My answer is easy if you practice or a leave. You must enhance your full play, cunningly will leave. It must be 50 ways to each and a love. 50 ways to each and a love. Life's not on a bad jacket. Go down to the clams, Sam. Use a vibrating toy, Roy. Just listen to me. Let me out for bed, shit. Don't get your mouth down to the woodware. More capital tea to satisfy me. I said I've treat that act with the utmost disdain. To go south with the mouth, I'm sorry. I'm afraid, but if you insist, then would you please explain about the 50 ways to each and a love. 50 ways to each and a love. Just kiss on a trip, GM. Fuck her up on a beast. Eat piece of that pie, guys. Now listen to me. Pour it down on a muffled up. Just give it enough touch, more capital tea to satisfy me. So anyway, our consultant says it's 1257 a WIOD. Hardly a dog station. We talk about important things. Definitely. 610 WIOD Miami Ford Latterdale. On a good night, the bomb beaches. 610 WIOD. WIOD, Russia's three different marital waters. Russia's three different marital waters. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. We'll do all the back kids to look at the pups. Do you know who pins this? Who do I gotta go? Do you know who you're at? No one. We're not the bans. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. I'm in here. I'm in here. Busy right now. Go. Go. Um. Finally. Finally. And I'm finally. Well, you just wait a minute. Oh. Oh, that was still. Well, Pandy. I'm sure it comes and I'm here. Wait, why don't you find us all in but there? Coming. Here comes kids. Double you I own. Double you I own. Double you I own. It's so soothing, isn't it? 106 at W.Y. or D.R. topic today. What brand do you like? Charming you like. I don't even know any of the brands. They may be another brand real quick. White cloud. Scott there you go. Here's the toilet paper expert. He knows his you can't say corona. God. How about one corona? Here's a lady in Cooper City. Hello. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. I got I want to thank you so much. You're welcome. You know why? Why? Now and then when I feel like I want to get married. I turn you on and realize I'm so fortunate to be single. Yeah. Is this your real personality? Are you just being obnoxious for the radio? It's a radio show. It's a show. It's a show. It's a show. But if it what did I just get to tell you? But if it were my real personality. In other words, you're saying that therefore if I were like that, all men would be like that, is that it? Well, are you really like this? What did I just get to tell you? I'm not. What's it? In other words, how many times have you listened to the show? Well, how many times have you listened to the show? I clean houses and they only tell you to turn on for their dog. Right. When I come to this house. We're number one in dogs. Yeah. Are you really like this? You're not like this guy? Yes, I am. I'm a bastard. Yeah. Are you really this dumb in real life or is this just an act for the call? No. I was just. I mean, are you really this stupid and I even, uh, Boris in real life or is just a put on for this call? No, it's not put on. I'm not. That's very unfortunate. And the rest of the world is too. Thank God. We have an open line in Broward, 7679463. She's being forced to listen. She cleans houses. Not houses. She cleans houses. And they have their show turned on for the dogs. That's because dogs and I get along real well sweetheart. That was great. Was that beautiful or what? She must know what's your name. I don't want to mention her name. That f***ing bitch. Yeah, she must know her. Here's Ken. What is it? How's your wife doing? Oh, my wife. Same as Hank's wife. Here's Kendall. Hello. Nail Raj is mink. Is he better than throwing stones? Oh, my God. Get the chloroxin for this guy. I want to know what the mink you was. That he reads in the scripts all the time. He knows we already found out. No, it's not. It's not. No, it's not. What is it? Short for mink yarn, which is a ninkum poop. Oh. And then it's wrong. See, that's wrong. It's also used as an exclamation. Like mink. I can't believe what I just heard. Like ox like oxuppeakia. Mink. Oxidnt thing. And did you ever find out what it was? I heard you a few weeks ago. Yeah, strunso. Yes, it's short. It's got the apostrophe because it clips the O at the end. Correct. That's another low class person. Right, clips to the end. A sloppy person. Right. And like that, fish to just call it, yeah. These are seven Italian dialects, which is called the lazy tongue. No, is it, is it, is it, yes, I had the further south you go. The worst the Italian dialect being. Uh-huh. And so there's the Palatano and then there's the Chiliano. Sicily is looked upon as almost an entirely different language. The even the mainlanders from the south see as Sicilians as more Africans than Italian. Really? And they do, what are those that include stone collion? What are those that include Sam? They do very much like what the Cubans do to the Spanish language. They butcher it. They butcher it. Like a Spanish would say Buenos dias, a Cuban would say Buenos dias, or even Buenos. And I would like to see you in the Hebrew. Yeah. There are female equivalent of men. You know something I've always wondered then. I was not something that we can ponred to go. You're a lady friend and we trade bombs. Yeah. She curses me in the country. I've always wondered what the female equivalent of men's days that they'd find out. And if you say goodbye, we'll check it out. We'll find some two out there, can tell us. Okay, we have an open line in date. 6 2 2 9 4 6 3. We have one in the out of town line. Achipiquea and one triplet 4 7 4 9 4 6 3. But Achilamizéria. Occidente. All these great exclamations as an old crap. Can't say crap. Okay. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Happy Friday Neil. And back to you. What those retoins when I got in the car and heard that, I thought I was listening to real talk radio up in Orlando. Is it, is it the same crap? I didn't call voice over. Oh no, now the trigger comes out of the wood pile. What did I tell you? This is their formula. It's a formula like out of a package somewhere. They think that they can sprinkle it around. And it's going to get a job there. And these people are dreaming. They think they're going to take Orlando radio and bring it down here. And they're going to make it work in this town in this market where we've had real talk shows on his station for like the last eight years. They're going to bring that swilled down here in peddle it on to the public. Most people are dreaming. Mark my word. I bet you the next thing. That would be like taking Chef boy R. D. To roll. And so we're going to make a fortune with this. I think on the pike more than likely is this obnoxious character they have on the weekend that explains contests and rules and stuff is named Vinnie Boombots. And he's a lot of not just with the New York accent. I guarantee you that that's probably. Vinnie Boombots, which is something they stole from Zeta that we did ten years ago down here by the way. We had a guy who was Vinnie Boombots. That's probably originally a real loud gravity voice. Uh-huh. Well, I mean, I'll be the same as it's just another ripoff. Okay. Question about your attack by. Vinnie Boombots. Oh my god. Yeah, go ahead. Okay. Is that for the beginner or is it not really descriptive of who should or shouldn't take the class down at FIU on Saturdays? Well, we're in an intermediate right now, but they have a beginner intermediate and advanced. They're three different ones. I don't know what the next beginner's one starts, but Professor Jack. Jack Kirchner is the instructor. He's great. I mean, he's phenomenal. He teaches all of them. Yeah. He teaches six different languages. Wonderful. Wonderful. I'm going to check that out. Check it out. All right. I'll leave it there. Bye bye. Ciao. Open line on a purse. See how well I say that. Every minute or two or is they say in Jersey. Every minute or two. Open line on the upper line. It's the mobile one line at pound IOD. Bubble one pace for the call. Do you pick it up and stick your finger in it and see what happens. Man, when it turns purple, you know you're in good shape. What a bunch of developments we've heard today. I don't know which is more amazing. These rejoins. As they're, I mean, I'm really on the verge of being speechless. I really am. So not only are they bringing this PD and boy to they lie through their teeth. Peter Bolcher, you are one of the biggest freaking liars I've ever met in my life. Okay? You are such a corporate aslisher. I insisted all along between Walter Sabo and his Harry penis guy. I was strictly this strictly. This, uh, syrup-y can talk crap that they were going to bring on his station and try to reinvent. Oh no, they're not going to do that yet. And here it is being unfolded. No under bulls. You don't come anywhere near the building anymore. You have phony piece of turd. You corporate butt liquor. Unbelievable. Just a shocking man. Oh man, I've tell you by the time the sale goes through this thing. Be down about a one share. By the time queer channel buys it. One 13 at W IOD. The opinions expressed on W IOD are those of Neil Rogers. See they talk of a good game around here, but trust him about as far as you can strong. There are other opinions. Not for long. 610. W IOD. Neil. Yeah. Well, Max may not be here anymore, but he sure left his might as touch behind. And they nice go and Max, you asshole, you grease ball. We have an open line on the other town. I hear something that wasn't that good anyway. It's just this great. Max and equipment again man. You remember those first those glorious first three four months in a studio. It was really great. Now we're kind of like regenerating back to that. You notice the meaning this by the way. You can't they're recorded. W anything in here anymore or like can't do that. Gotta go back and add a little room. That's right. Cause things are like falling apart. But hey, we don't care cause who cares. Here's Boko. Hello. Boko. Okay. Nice talking to you too. Two open lines on the agree lines. And thanks for calling 610 Wild. One triple eight four seven four nine four six three on six ten Wild. Where it's one seventeen in Wild. Here's what I was at. I thought you meant a break. Sorry. It was costing a bokeh Brian's entry machine. I'm giving out the call letters a lot. Man. I'm doing the the Walder and what's your name? A formula. The air and the gay formula. Okay. Do it again. I'm sorry. It's one the seventeen plus eighteen seconds. You can't wait to understand Wild. Cut it out. Quit doing that. God. What a nerd. What a spick. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. You know, I said my hangover. You know, you put with Tom. See. Are you doing okay? Okay. Did you do that? Pardon me. You're the one. Yeah, the one. All right. It's been a long time, huh? See. Big. But yesterday I went to I'll be right with you. Okay. I was um. Tell him to wait. No. No. And I asked for a veggie burger. Yeah. You know, I'm going to give me a. A wiper with um. Yeah, they'll give you a wiper all right. No big dig. A wiper with some type of vegetable patty in the middle. Right. So what to give me is a veggie. Hold the meat. I mean a wiper. Hold the meat. You imagine. What what does that mean? So I'll just give you a wiper with nothing in it. Exactly. Just a bunch of a swast and. Pickles and that's it. Oh, my God. And the worst worst thing. They got it was working. It could not explain to me what what was a veggie burger. But they have it on a menu, right? Not on a menu. She's understood that you can get it that way. But I was. Thank you. I'll thank you. Sometimes a vegetable patty. Yeah. Well, that'll teach you to go there, man. Absolutely. I see why. Bye bye. Bye bye now. Okay. We have an open line. And if what he say he ate at the y. 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 6 2 2 2 2 Wild. 2 2 2 Wild 2 2 on a green line. Zotta town. 1 triple a. Thanks for calling Wild by the way. Thank you so much. And by the way, don't be talking on ear. Here. No more. You produce your assholes because they go. That's not the way they do it up there in Orlando. They're going to take. I want you to assert that. I want you to all since we're going to the weekend. I want you to ponder this over the weekend. Orlando, which is like the number 7,250, 5th market in America. They're going to take a Mickey Mouse market like that. And because they got numbers up there, which other than Howard, what have they got on ear and not much. Because they got numbers up there, they really believe that they're going to put that Swill on over here and it's going to make a gigantic impact here and they're going to do a number in this market. Like I said, that would be like taking still halivata teleive and trying to pedal to the Y. Lock over there. They would take one lucky. You wouldn't say, fair. That would be like taking Franco Americans spaghetti without meatballs, taking it to Farenza and trying to sell it to the real Italians over there. Okay. Try to sell Guido food to Italians. They would say, what's that word? Minkia. That's what they would say. Here's Dania rhymes with Minkia. Okay. And I just talked to you briefly. Open line and Broward 7679 for, they waste all of that time, man. They queue it up. They post gear round. They got it. They're on for like a half a second. They waited for 45 minutes to be on for a half a second with their material. Great. Excellent. Brilliant. Here's Miami. Hello. How are you doing? How is it going, man? Great. That caller with the veggie burger there. It sounded like she was a executive didn't get the meat. He didn't get his meat. No, brother. Yeah. What you ought to be upset when you don't get your meat? They promise you a wiper and then you don't even get any meat. Oh, well, you get it your way. That's right. I wanted to ask you. I heard Brooke Flapinger beat there the other day about taking a parking space and training. Yeah. Yeah. Turning into a lot. It's a handy cat spot. Yeah. He was all upset and everything. I mean, is it really that bad to the bother you? Well, George has given me a win. What's the parking space? She doesn't have a parking space. That's what she says. Her usual parking space, always. We don't know about it here. The only people that have parking spaces here are the people from the marketing magic people. Like Jack Mark and Bob Rose. You have to have two first names to have your own parking space. Yeah. She didn't mention that. Daniel was very close like Neil and Roger. Yeah. I'm also. Yeah. I'm out of the ocean. She's going to get upset. She loves me. Oh, man. She's right. She does. I want to go. Somebody called her show and asked her who spoke more eatessy than you. Or you. Yeah. Who does? She's not even close. Really? I mean, she's got her, you know, fuck cock to this and for cock. She's got about 10 more. She's okay. I mean, if she's Jewish enough to take off two days on pay, pay, pay, pay, pay, pay, pay over. I mean, more power to her. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Oh, well, Neil. She can use a couple of pounds. Congratulations on your career move there. Thank you so much. Good. Can I get a request in there? Whatever it might be if we got it. I don't know the name of the song. Well, in that case. But I know it said something that she looks like a lady walks like a lady talks like a lady. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay. I got it. I'm on it. I'll get Daniel back to you. Oh, and I sure hope that's in here because. Uh. I think it is. I think you're wrong. It looks like a lady or something like that. No, that's not the name of it. I know that's not the name of it. Also in other words, you put, why would you, why would you put that? You're wrong, man. What's going to put Dick in there? Why would somebody, it's not in here. I know where it is. Trust me. Okay. I'll whip it out in just a second. Just relax. We have an open line in day six to two. Dick six to two nine four six three. Here's Margate. Hello. Anyhow, you doing great. I took your advice. I got a 96 Corvette. Yes. And I love it. 96. 96. What's not to like, man? What is not to like? It is outrageous. Yeah. Collectors edition. We have the silver one. Yes. That's what I got. Really? I got that too. Yes. It is outrageous. I got a 97 silver and I got a 96 collectors edition. I just got that, which don't tell Jack Lee, but I just got that. They are. They are really beautiful. Very elegant. Yes. They are. I got a little dilemma. I want to make a second of June. And we are going to stay either the treasure aisle or the Mirage. What would you recommend? I've never been in Treasure Island. It's newer, but I mean, I think you're at the room. I bought newer. Right. Treasure Island. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't try that. I wouldn't try that. I wouldn't try that. I wouldn't. I've never stayed in the Mirage, but I've been told by some people. It isn't all like greatest for us. The rooms. I don't know. I've never stayed there. But Treasure Island. Okay. That sounds good. A couple of requests? Yes. One. Can you play the Donald Duck? I already did. Next. Next. I already played that. Next one. Yes. I did. Next one. I want to call my wife Debbie Big Dushback. Okay. See a pound. I'll combine it. I'm Howard 767-466-3767. She looked like a lady. Like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. I just bit weird eyes. Mmm. You were my perfect lover, But how I was surprised Not only do you have one, But you're not circumcised. I have no force, Kim. Look to like a lady. Like a lady. What? Like a lady. Like a lady. Like a lady. But I got by his brawl. There's a difference between the thighs. Oh, yes, there is. But between the thighs. Ooh. So, did I say it's 126 at WIO Day? WIO Day. The topic today? Why don't we get phone calls? I don't get it. 610. WIO Day. I had one in my mouth. One. What's your name? The Russian Mary. You're the Russian Mary. Now the parts that have been done, you. Follow the rules, and the powers you possess. Welcome. Since you saved his life, When your life is in the life He's got a job for you to do. Oh. The Russian Mary. You have a brand new style too. We love the way you fought your youth. With the victory on your chest and all the reason I can. You're better don't do all the way. You're better don't do all the way. Who's with the speed of the gazelle? Since the bad guys trade to hell, We're building stars to hell with your limit. Then we know your crush you got with once mighty foe. You're better don't do all the way. You're better don't do all the way. Okay, I want 31 of WIW. Did you kind of repregnant pause? Did you want to slow things down a little bit? Why don't bring us a little more low key activity here on WIWD on the wonderful island of dreams? Remember, wait, wait, wait back in the beginning when a first told us about water's sabobo. And somebody said he really believed that we ought to be using it at wonderful island of dreams. I think it was Steve Nichol told me then. I looked at them and said, that's got to be a joke. We both kind of like chuckle. And he said, I don't think so. And now it's like the door is open and the lunatics have taken complete control and it's back to the wonderful island of dreams again. And some Glenn Miller music. I don't want to be good for about a point two share. Point one. Here's what's the point. Here's a mobile and plantation. Hello. This man. Make you were looking for a word of female word from men. Yes. I think the closest thing that you'll find is probably ballabusta. Ballabusta? Uh-huh. Has in ballabasti. Right. A little different. Uh-huh. No. So I think that's about the closest you're going to find. Ballabusta? Huh? Yeah, my mother used that. I'm ballabusta. Ah, so there you go. Okay. Anyway, can't wait for you to switch. Me too. Especially now. Somebody suggested to me that they're doing this to aggravate me. I couldn't. I don't care if they put people picking their nose under and they re-do it. Why care? What do I give a crap what they do? Exactly. There's good term. And it's got to figure up to is there where his brain used to be. Man, oh man. Doesn't bother me. I mean, I know if I was going to sell a radio station. I wanted to drive the value down to about $400,000 after I bought it for 13 million. But why should that be any different from selling one in by and one in Orlando? In Orlando, and then selling it for five million, buying it back for 25 million, three or four years later. Sell it for five, buy it back for 25 million. That's called Good Business. And by the way, Bruce Fry said they might have had that soccer franchise of Buddy Buddy with a little bit of a media in New York, but Buddy Buddy being the great negotiator that he is. One up there and did it by himself and blew the whole thing. Nice going, Buddy Buddy. I ride. Like I said, there's something to be said for consistency. Here's Perrine. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. The lady uses the word ballapasta? Yes. Ballbasta? Ballbasta, right. Don't get Wayne fished off very Jacksonal put in the paper. Any other have requests I'd like to hear that rabbit torture song? The rabbit torture? Oh yeah, that's the best. Rabbit torture? Yeah, I don't know. You might have it somewhere there. Elmer flood and rabbits? Oh yeah, that's tough. Oh, little dwarf? Oh yeah, get off on that. How about you do? I think we'll get you out like the same. May the best of your future be the worst of your path. Okay. And maybe far in your behind. Hello. Hello. Hello. I was calling about the wabbit you have for sale in the paper. Okay. What kind of wabbit are they? Okay. I have some lox. Yeah. I have some lox. And body lox, and some dark color lox. Oh wonderful. And I have a straight ear. Oh, and I have good lox. What do you want? They're small, ready. Oh, okay. We have a farm. And we like to play with the wabbit on a farm. You wouldn't have to have any like little wabbit handcuffs. They want? Little handcuffs. For the wabbit. Oh, handcuffs. Yes. I'm sorry. I never heard of them. Well, you, we use them when we hunt them on the farm. We like to hunt the wabbits. And we take them and they owe them to a twee-bother ears, and then skin them alive. Uh... They're wabbed. Hello. And now, I think that's what you don't do a great job of. So I couldn't say you were ready. We have a little game we play called all wabbits must die. No, sir. No, sir. No, sir. No, sir. I wouldn't say you were ready for $50. I like to hunt the wabbit. Well, that's okay. You go out and the wild and you aren't ready. It's the Bayes aren't for keel. I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down unmercifully. No, sir. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're ready. Sometimes we even spare them to the head with a wasty water. On 36 in WOD, my favorite segment on it. Of course, the thing with the old dog that they saved on 48 hours last night, that was such a tear-jerker. But my favorite part was the one where they had was it a parrot? The pet parrot, and they had sat on the bird. And a bird was almost crushed and they brought in this emergency vet place and you know, try to put it in thing better. And Brian Andrews enjoyed that a lot by the way, because we understand that he's sat on a birder two in his time. That's the rumor. I'm wired. Okay. Here's the Miami. Hello. Daniel, what going on? How you doing, sir? Hey, I was hearing that show last night, Greg Kago. Greg Who? Whatever his name is, Greg Rago. Greg Rago? Oh, yeah. Well, you know, they brought up these two topics. There were stupid topics. Like, you know, trying to save people's lives and stuff like that. Yeah. There were almost, what did your parents ever hate you? Yeah. Next time, did you ever cheat on somebody? Uh-huh. So, I'm gonna say, did you ever cheat on somebody to sky calls up and goes, oh, I'm glad you took my call because every time I call in the morning, Neil buses my chops. All right? Yeah. So, this is what I kind of thought. Maybe they're setting up these calls on you to try to get you out of their faster. Yeah. Well, how's that going to go? How's it going to get me out of here faster? Well, you know, try to bug you or something. Yeah. Yeah. You got it back where you understand. They have to pay me to the 30th of September. 30th of September? Right. So, if they want me to leave now and write me a check or just send me a check in the mail every week, I'll be delighted not to come back on Monday. You know what I'm saying? I mean, I could use a few modifications. Because you told me that their air in bitches are consulting now on the Gracos show? No, not air in it's air, whatever. Carrying the gay, right? Oh, well. All right, buddy. How do you like that? Okay. Talk about the blind leading the blind. I mean, like I said, if they stuck in oozy up her rectum, she couldn't do an entertaining show for life to pen it on it. And she's consulting other people. Of course, that is good, though, because that's what consultants do. They try to teach other people to do something that they themselves cannot do. So, like I said, nice going, Karen Sweetheart. Oh, my God. Here's Pembroke Pine. Hello. Hey, how are you? Great. I wish you a great weekend. Thank you, sir. You're welcome. It will be because I won't be here. That's right. I want to make a comment on the, I didn't get chance to ask you. A comment. You there? I'm right here. Okay. I'm going to go knowers. Yeah. Well, you know, trying to get that point each share, you know? Yeah. The quote from Mr. Paxton in the newspaper of about a week and a half ago was about Reggie Mendes. Waging somebody other, some other animals asked, No, he said that you refering to Mr. Rogers can find some other Ask to wag. Right. I thought that was really nice question, uh, scholarship there. Well, let me say it again. The hour and a half meeting that I had with him about five six weeks ago, every four letter word that you've ever heard was in. They're effin this and SNAT and the God dang Italians and I mean, the man, uh, swear, I mean, I have no problem with people who swear, but don't then turn around and pretend to be a goodie to shoot and put on this phony act for the public and pretend to be this good divine port again Christian and you're doing God's will and yada yada yada. While you got a guy's in the morning here, have to do in live sex acts on her show in a morning. I mean, who the hell is this guy kidding? And then say, what kind of what was that, uh, or the end word was used in a bunch of other stuff. I think it was nine ten about two mornings ago. Oh, you're right. Right. Crackhead, Negro. Crackhead, Negro. You're right. Beautiful. Very good Christian thing to me. I just came down from Orlando. I was up there for last weekend. Yes. And I listened to some of what they called that real radio. Yeah. It's embarrassing. I would agree. I mean, I've heard a little bit of it. And of course, I did hear Aaron Summers when she came down here from there and she bombed big time. She had like one and two shares here and never made even a minor impact in the market. And when she finally left, there weren't like three calls even whimpering or anything. I mean, everybody was limpy that time. And, you know, it should it would be like it would be like having a station in Geneva, New York, and then being promoted in New York City and taking a format from Geneva and try to put it on a station in New York. You know what I'm saying? It just doesn't work. You know, of course not. You've got to look at each individual city, each individual market and decide what's going to work there. And they don't understand this market. They don't understand the listeners. They don't understand the way the people here respond or don't respond to what they're going to do. They don't understand what they're going to do. But I'm going to say that a lot of people are going to be on the way to the streets. They think they really believe you can take a formula and it does make any difference. What the market is or who the people are used to coming here is long as you do the call letters right. And you do everything with the calls right and structure it a certain way. You're going to be a success. These people are crazy man. They're going to drive this thing and not into the toilet, but whatever, whatever is 40 levels below it. You're going to be a professional. You and I discussing this on the year. And this is for free. You're a radio professional. This is it. Well, don't you consider yourself to be one? You said two are you one? Yes, I am. Oh. So they won't even take this as a strong hint. Yeah. They're being given consultation right now on the air for the last 60 seconds for free. Yeah. And they're not taking it. They're right. Yeah. Listening. That's right. They obviously haven't done a thing. Because we're dumb and they're smart. You don't get it. You're not listening. They're smart and we're done man. They got the answers, baby. Listen, you have a wonderful, if it's going to be just a weekend, have a great weekend. Okay. You know, a whole bunch more out of it. I wish you the best. Sounds good to me. And when you, you and everybody else that's finished migrating down to the end of the Dialogue 560, we'll all be there. Okay. See you, pal. Thanks. You're welcome. I'll leave it there, gee. We have an open line at Broward 7679 463 767 on the, I wonderful, I love dreams, man. We got to hear a whole bunch more of those rejoins all weekend. Come on. Okay. I'm going to do that. We're going to do that. Okay. You know what? There are other opinions. But not for long. 610. W.I.O.D. Makes no sense whatsoever. No sense. I mean less than no sense. And maybe it's supposed to make no sense. 610. W.I.O.D. More listeners than a cell phone scanner. 610. W.I.O.D. W.I.O.D. You're welcome. 0.5. W.I.O.D. W.I.O.D. If you're like red snapper. Do do do do. I might write stone credences, Then my own mind. You love the delicious sound. W.I.O.D. More number- I have just tasted your snapper. just never oh my god how do you like that oh god can this really be happening to us right on the even right after pace off right in the middle pace off ain't even over yet okay talk about anti-semites the anti-Christ is here baby how you doing as the river would say on guiding light how you doing but 143 a WOD the opinions expressed on WOD are those of Neo Rogers no I don't can I ask you a question no there are other opinions but not for long 610 WOD well business pictures is present a touching story of a little boy named James how it's huge Cisco in the aborts it's a stiff James challenges somebody got this yeah James and the giant penis now showing it theaters everywhere you call that a penis baby we'll keep a little bells are in there oh I thought there'd be one at the end for sure you got to play that weekend one before we leave of course to wish everyone a nice weekend off we're gonna about that okay let's hear another one of those great old other under Jingles sorry let's hear some more Jingles okay my my my my you I you know I mean it on his worm pop it up here by the oh all right real contemporary baby really jazzy is only uh oh god 149 a WOD here's a mull Johnson what put a John Ford yeah John Ford Coppola he said hi oh he said he's been very busy and he stopped in I guess Harry penis encouraged him to come and Harry was right behind him Harry's valentine was right behind him and uh and he said hey if there's anything you might try to do he's our creative services director and he was serious he was serious and he walked out and John got like all written the face I said don't feel bad John is I know Walter Sabo is behind all of his crap you're not to come out for these ideas and he said well I've dealt with consultants before and I said okay oh John's a good guy he's just you know between a rock and a heart-placed so we like you John don't take it personal but oh my god that's stuff okay let's go to a mobile and Holly with hello hey Neil yes sir you can't be called yourself a wonderful island dream to do or you're not on the causeway that's right I think it's closer to wild the issues as a desperate uh huh they're very good I like that okay thanks see yeah wild issues of the desperate I don't I don't mind that like between 9 p.m. and whatever in the morning after we're too auditioning all these people like Greg good oh every's name is they're serious though they really are if we have anybody listening up in the Orlando area if you make me some air checks of uh real radio I'd sure love to hear that sure like to hear some of that stuff Ed Till and Jim Phillips and who are whatever they got on the night sure like to hear some of those air checks and find the similarities between that and some of these real great things we got come with me now to visit the wonderful island dreams six-hand WIO oh my god water bill okay stop I read my short of stop I rest my case remember that what I was talking about before how long has it been since they blew Nikola because they thought they were gonna please me and before that dinner that night had burden jacks good dinner by the way guys months right wasn't in December no Vemba whenever it was right around that's a sewer lot right December 11th you know the date yes how do you know that I had a party yeah but now on second thought yeah he started looking pretty good but at any rate he told me shortly before that once they started getting this water stable stuff going that he really believes that we got to bring back the wonderful island dreams and here it is here it is I mean this this is older than Matuslo's great grandfather and water stable this ought to get the demographics down nice and low to water about 90 plus in addition which like the guy just said we're not on the island anymore we're not on the 79 street causeway so it doesn't make any sense you got it that's what that was all about water you jackass you idiot you phony baloney you oh my god what is this man on is he on some kind of doggy downers what the lasi thinking about why not let me pop little boy here's Miami on a mobile hello yes sir first of all thank you very much for the chance to call you on 610 WIOD well thank you very much for calling 610 WIOD thank you sir hey what's this up and welcome to our show on 610 WIOD thank you very much you're welcome as you're the speaker on WIOD it's been it is yeah one of the wonderful island dreams well we got an island grant is my life okay yeah don't you're all quarters taking notes on these slogans released as girlfriends as you can pass them along there we go yeah don't come with this a quick and a nice chance to see the giant tomorrow yes and report that uh thankfully jk jk snow recover from his uh his been a drink spring training right uh his base is the game about like 105 i mean he'd do nothing hey we can't expect everything yeah the first uh first one uh one thing i wanted to say was if you're if you're if you're maybe in the in the fall or whenever i'm i'm sure that we really don't know at this point yeah if you if you do get over to if you do get over to Italy I urge you to to check out the Adriatic coast i know that usually are our room for our uh you don't know on all you know that's kind of a trend there but yeah you can change uh trainer or or take the trainer quite a balloon yeah just said that we the auto strata there uh revetta living all the way to the to and cone and and even the three boats go over to uh 50 brought me from right how about a school a patina or even better yeah yeah uh just there stop the bankona okay um yeah that's a great area i will here you to check it out okay great great win and down i'll check it out thanks pal i'll read it out you okay here's four lot of it hello hello yes sir now you're saying that uh all these rejoins and uh more improvements they're making blah blah blah do you it all meaning what that uh you don't care what the station sounds like why should i well but we we care i like here because i have to still you have another i i but let me just say this to people don't listen or not listen because they like or don't like to rejoins that i guarantee you okay they may they may be annoying or they may be great in amusing but nobody listens to a radio station because they like to rejoins or the IDs okay am i right you don't listen to the station for the rejoins no right now i listen to the station for two reasons yeah you were in reconcered and of two ways you'd have changed the dial at night there you go and there you go and uh i don't i don't know that to read the rate the stations go i got you down you might be in improvement what might be let's uh turn him down down to the other and he here Craig Craig wording yeah you mean at night at night yeah okay as uh as opposed to what they the uh and tribescraft they they're putting on now yeah and that guy what's his face last night i i called him up and i mean Greg Greg oh that one Greg oh whatever yeah i i told him it's better than listening to run bar or sports by white overnight uh for four hours they will stop at night so it's gonna be a long summer deal i got plenty of big i got plenty of vacation time coming man yeah yeah you it's gonna be a cakewalk you might be uh doing uh uh renewing it uh sitting at home oh i got my legs and eyes crossed thanks a lot have a great life you too i read it air cheap here's Orlando by the way hello yes sir hey Neil how are you doing i'm down on my name about every three weeks listen to you all the time yes sir what they for you okay Jim Phillips uh about two weeks ago was giving you praise and affilies is one of the pioneers in broadcasting right about two weeks ago said uh radio talk radio wouldn't be anything without a Neil router rodgers and south Florida right so that means he's the one coming down doom and days uh who knows so do me a favor uh give me some air checks of real radio well good on cassette okay thank you all right i'll read it air tea ciao so anyway there you go i just can't wait to hear the similarities between these great rejoins and ideas because it's a format just like that uh FM out in LA that's bombing real big that Phil said sounds like crap and we had that facts about yesterday about what a bomb an egg that thing is laying and about there in real big trouble and dropping like a tank and about those stories about WRQ and Boston the jury Williams told me consulted by water stable and all that but hey listen you know those who do do and those who don't do uh consult is that how that thing goes something like that anyway one fifty six panties by the way tonight's tonight let's welcome on one more time before we get on here let's go come on big finish every you can hold you all you no winding a lot baby no more winding okay get over it let's get out there tonight and uh yank it up a little bit and let's do it come on let me in for a big surprise one fifty seven a wio