Okay, see ya. I didn't know Defoe was one. I knew Joe Rose. Wait, I think he got that gap in his mouth. We have an open line in the out of town lines. One triple eight four seven four nine four six three. We have one in date six two two. W I O D on a great Monday. You can feel it. You can smell it in the air everywhere. My thing is healing back up. In fact, I should have brought a big bottle of hydrogen peroxide in here today. I just kept the garrglow with the right on the air. Got a 90-share easy. Are you using straight peroxide or the peroxide mouthwash? Do they have a peroxide mouthwash? Yeah, they have one. Oh, yeah, we use it all the time. It's great. It is. Makes from mouth all foam up, but it tastes good. But soda's hydrogen peroxide makes it real foamy. But it tastes all minty. We'll tell you what it makes it even better than that. If you just take your lead fo me and your spritz that in your post. Can't get fo me or the net. Well, here's a Pembroke pine. Hello. I wanted it. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, these panters. We're in a coma. Yeah. I mean, that's the understatement. Well, the last two games that we played well were back against Jersey and Buffalo since then. It's. I got news for that Buffalo game was okay, but they they they came down here to play golf that we can. They didn't show up at all. I mean, this is this is I mean, the Jersey game was a great performance and other than that. We've been playing mediocre at best and embarrassing at worst in these guys. You're like, uh, Antonio. It's it's I mean, even just watching, uh, I had a passion. I was trying to say, I'm sorry. It was it was pathetic. Yeah. Thank God I had a tenet class didn't have to see that crap. Well, you know what you might want to take lessons on Sundays too. I can't I mean, I mean, I mean, this is I mean, I will here. I was a couple of months old geared up. By the way, I haven't got my playoff ticket yet. Me either. I don't know if that's I said him the money a long time ago. So I have no playoff tickets yet. Wayne is that a sign of things to come possible. Yeah, maybe they're switching the dates around now. Or maybe just, uh, I mean, do you do you remember when we were like in first place by so far? We got off to that phenomenal start again. We were so many games over 500. Now we're just five games over 500. We got 19 ties. Most of those ties you do realize we've blown the lead late in the game. How many games have we blown a lead late in the game over and over and over again? I'm looking at the schedule just from the last, you know, let's say March. It's like, you know, 15 games that we play two games that we've played well on the rest. We didn't show up. Right. I mean, we're losing a team's the Tampa game. The Tampa game I was out of town that we can think that I hear was a coma. coma. And you know, and I have to, I'm not saying that the, I mean, first thing is best to look over QM. Um, I grew to. He's not playing a stroke. I mean, he's got these guys in there. I mean, did I miss something? Did Strocka re-injure the groin again after that. Why me? He put him in there for one game. I thought he played okay. Now, game he didn't score any goals, but he played okay. It was rusty and played in weeks. I thought he was okay. Now all of a sudden, well, if I'm going to sit out Chris Wells, I'm going to sit out Strocka too to piss off Neo Rogers. I don't know what kind of a coach this is anymore. What? And he plays Kirk Muller. How could you in good conscience when you're fighting for homies? Put a dead man out there on the ice. I have, I've watched Kirk Muller for years. Okay. I'm going to tell you. He had his moments with the leafs this past year, but generally speaking, and earlier in the year, I was saying that Kirk Muller that trade and the Larry Murphy deal were what killed the Maple Leafs. And so instead of getting Doug Gilmore, they wound up getting Kirk Muller. Kirk Muller blows. And then some. And then they can send a back to Kingston with a banjo on his knee. But you know the other thing is like they keep sending a Strocka's out score. Well, I don't see anybody scoring. Right. Who's the who the hell is scoring? How many goals have we had the past? We had three. I'm going to tell you one more time. The best line this team has had all year long with Strocka, Laurian Shepherd. And you'll never see that line reunited ever again. You'll ever see it again. I mean, it's because the coach has become a hard ass. He's a legend in his own mind. He's a genius. He knows it all. The general manager. He's a genius. That's not enough. And they had won tremendous year. And all of a sudden their experts. They know everything. Well, you know the sad part is in boi me think he keep trying to pedal Chris Wells from now until the end of time, this kid is never going to be a player. I don't care how hard you have for him or tries. How many hernias he's got, how long his tongue gets. Chris Wells is never going to be a player. Well, on that too, is every opportunity during the A. Broadcast. Uh, would his name can come up. It goes on in on about. It's like no other player. As soon as they touch the puck you have a good. when it'd be great to see Chris scored the tie goal. Yeah, right. Well, guess what he didn't, and they lost a game. I can't wait for you to get the QA in this way. He could stop management talking about hockey, because he is, oh, just listen to the him. I had accident yesterday listening to his synopsis of the game, other than saying that we suck. Yeah. Just trying to hint to describe. I mean, he just picked a football. I didn't talk on his show about football. When you get over there, you do your hockey thing. And it'd be great for George. And now he's just got to drive right down the street. It'd be happy, right? Well, we're not going to be in that building. Oh, you know. No. We're going to be someplace else. Really? Well, Neil, the best of luck to you, because you don't deserve any of the crap that you put up with. And these people here, I really, I'm not exaggerating. I'm not exaggerating. There must be some people in this organization who need mental assistance, because what they put me through and others as well, the last few months, I wouldn't put my worst enemy through. I mean, I just don't know what these people are thinking about. You know, you always say for people not to get in this business. And this is a classic example. Why? You got this one guy. I mean, maybe he's got nothing better to do. But you know, like you see, you've got a 12 million dollar house. It's like maybe I'll have something. I don't know how he finished that $12 million house, because I think he's a few brick short. Well, you know, what? Have a great day, pal. I'll be a great day to you, loves you. Okay. We have, I mean, a lot of brick short. I'm, seriously, I had a meeting with that man about tomorrow be a three or four weeks ago tomorrow. And I never, I never had such an hour and a half in my lifetime. I walked out of the going, I've been a little bit like that. What the hell just happened in there? What was he talking about? What was that man talking about in there? And about getting peaks of 20 shares and about the soccer team that he didn't want to get any way. It about, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, just just kaka. Just kaka. He's going to reinvent everybody and make us all better. And in 15 months, he was, he was very, he was prussian about that George when he kept on everybody in 15 months. I was going to be a much happier man. He was right about that. Because I'll be out of here. I'll be away under from the thumb of buddy bud rhymes with 11 15 at W. I. O. D. The water that's coming out of your tap man. I wouldn't even feed to him. That's how bad that water is. It's bad stuff. It is loaded with chlorine. It is loaded with all kinds of stuff that you can't see with an acadine. Some parts of town. It's so bad that your naked eye can see how yellow that water is. How schmotsi it looks. You put it in the glass. You take a good look and you want a bar from it. You're drinking it. Your kids are drinking it. You're pet's drinking it. You're cooking with it. To make a long story short, call aqua thin and they'll give you water straight out of your tap that is absolutely sensational that has no impurities whatsoever. They've been doing it in town for over 17 years making systems for residential commercial even laboratory needs. They really know their stuff. And when they come to your house, they'll show you exactly the they'll do an analization for you of your tap water and you'll be your hair will stand up straight when you see the kind of stuff you've been drinking. So pick up the phone and call them today. There's no obligation. Call aqua thin one triple eight water twenty one. And for a limited time, you get a free filtration in your bathroom when you buy any aqua thin purification system. Call them today when in doubt check it out. One triple eight water twenty one for aqua thin. 610 W I O D paranoid hormonal neurotic welcome home. Hey Jim how are you? Awesome aside what do you mean? I'd like to kill myself. Put it on the ground. You should try rap quick. Rap quick. Yeah rap quick is an easy step by step course into the rap world. I teach you how to look cool how to string groups of rhyming words together and most importantly it guide you into gang affiliation. Well that sounds great but I still don't understand how it helps me to kill myself. But you don't kill yourself. Who's that one will do it for you? Where is the corner? When you want to die in style you was rap quick. It's easy and cool of elbow to local record story. 11 19 at W I O D happy Monday to all we have an open line in day six to two nine four six three we have one in Broward seven six seven so who is this that's bringing us lunch by the way. Do you hear that? Oh this machine man hey don't worry about it. Who's bringing us lunch? I forget the name of the place because Max is leaving in a week anyway so don't worry about that and Pete did come into this morning everything working okay. Get out of here go away. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Good morning. Yes sir. I just turned radio on and I'm not shocked like when's the move? In a few months. All right. What happened? You went into a meeting and they just let Nate through the bombshell on your what? That's your what? I'm shell at me. What are you talking about? Well I'm you're going to kill a him. Yeah. And you've been with the aisle of dreams for so long I mean how does it happen? Because it was my decision. Good for you. Because I came to my senses and I said I don't want to work for people who treat me like this who haven't got a clue. I don't want to work for a buddy but packs and who doesn't belong in his business. Let him go sell his uppubixer colniers. What I'm saying? Let him go do something that he knows how to do which is not radio broadcasting. It is not in his vocabulary. He's so far out of his realm that the people in this company are drowning. They have no clue what this business is all about. I can't you I saw that in the light bulb is right up there rally and they're even screwing at thing up. You know I say wanting to go to neighborhood because W.I.A.G is going down the tubes. The only thing he have left is Rick and Sutt. Yeah. Well let me ask you something. Haven't you noticed that since this transition took place on the 30th of last September that the dolphins have disappeared. The manage has disappeared. That default has disappeared. That became a bow jankles has disappeared. That I'm going to be disappearing. And John McCarray and then Bill Henry. The best. Bill Henry disappeared before they even start. He kind of like slipped through the cracks right because they really know they're crap. It was unbelievable. You had the most informative investment that came in on the air and then slowly. Yeah but we never had that new news guy. Well I went down. Melvin Robert Jones Billy Bob Schwartz the third. We never had him. Right. Where's your location? We're going to be. What? Disstation? Because I know it's not a gay thing you said. I'm not sure I can't. I don't all find out if I can tell you. I mean it's not that it's a big secret but it's going to be a new studio. Well congratulations and. I like that. Everywhere I go now I get brand new studios. I like that. Well you deserve the best you're going to make me on. Amen. And I was at the newest news cruise. Yeah. I'm a longtime veteran and I hope to best for you. Well I'm glad you survived that. Thank you. Jackson probably sitting there like people call you know strings like the puppet. What do you mean by that? Well I'm I don't think he came from him. Same for people hire. You don't think what came from him? Well you decided to leave. Yeah. They tried they've been they've been on their hands and he's here begging after they treated me like garbage and then didle me around with all kinds of crap and try to get me to sign agreements which I wouldn't sign where I wouldn't say crap on a year. Now all of a sudden what you're not really leaving area. Yes. Oh sorry. You know what I'm going to tell I can't take it anymore. Okay pal. See you. Get out of here. We have an open line. Who's that? Was that a new sales guy or who was that? Andy Mogue. I mean Andy Cork scored just brought back there. We got more people come back here, dittling around, looking in at window. I feel like I'm in a fishbowl. I feel like a kissing gourami without the partner. I wanted it. Exactly. We have an open line in Broward. You won't see him in here. No more all talk just another CT. We're going to change his name from JC to CT. That's all he is. That's right. See in a million guys like that all my life. Look in young guys, you know, big, you know, there's stuff don't stink. Real good looking, but push real hot body, you know, the whole deal. Nice 10 out there modeling in their spare time making the big bucks. CT. I wanted it. Open line in day six, two, two, yummy two. I'm in Broward, 7679, 463. You have no idea, Mr. Let's go to Navy. Hello. What is it? I've been gone for two and a half weeks. Stay, leaving. I just came back three to meet you, leaving. I'm leaving the station, yes. Are we going to discuss this now for? No, please, I just came back three to meet you. It's not for months. I'm going to another station. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not leaving the market. This doesn't have to be like the Phil Henry thing. He was going to Los Angeles. I'm not leaving town. I'm not going to spend the next six months on the area. We're talking about I'm going to QAM. What kind of a show would that be? I love you. Don't leave. I'm not going. I'll pay you whatever you make to start to leave town. Yeah, right. Listen to me. I'll come maybe joining the morning's bedwagon now. Because they're phoneys, because this is Miami. You don't understand that? This is Miami. Would you expect any different? Students going to be in heat and then they'll often. No, the heat they don't like to heat. The heat went every day. They still don't like him. No, seriously. You know you're in trouble when you're in first place. When you win every stink in day and they still don't show up, then you know you've got a real problem. That's great, Tony. Right. Great. All right. Well, I'm glad you're not leaving. I'm not going. You know what? The best station committee is to fire you. They said to be a contract. That's amazing. It's a great day, pal. My. Okay. I think he wants to have. I wanted it. Yeah, but. Oh, these people today. What the hell is with them? I mean, this thing is going on day after day stories in the newspaper. Finally, Friday, we give the, you know, the em is there it is. Okay. And now let's go on with like, oh, you're leaving a station. You're going down. Yeah, that's it. We're leaving. Even Harry Valentine don't get it. Even he doesn't get it. He's the new PD slash manager. He's asking George is near really leaving. What can we do to get him to stay? Did he really say that? What can we do to get him to stick around? Words to that effect. Oh, go. Let me draw you a big picture. Let me draw you a big huge amount. Give me a crayon. Okay. Give me a big crayola. I'll put it on the wall when he comes in. Bye. Good luck. I wish, you know, the best in the world. You should only have Mazel. Okay. You go. You should only have lots of Mazel. But get out of my face already. It's over. It's history. I could tell you the, I could write not a book but in Cyclopedia, not about the six months here just about the last three months about the so called negotiation. The contract, renegotiation. All brother. How come some other people could do in just a matter of a moment practically? Well, these people couldn't do in three months. But but really wants you. Yeah, right. He's going to reinvent me or Roger. Just like he's going to reinvent the wheel. He's going to reinvent everything else because he stepped into a bucket of crap with that pubics or connoist stuff with the home Schlock network. That all of a sudden he's a genius. I mean, I've spent better hours and a half with diarrhea than the hour and a half. I'm serious. I have spent with with screaming diarrhea more productive hour and a half of my life than that meeting I had with buddy bud three weeks ago tomorrow and I'd write the hearing as building. I could throw a brick from here to where that meeting wasn't there probably should. But like I said, when you're a few brick short, you can use the next. I mean, that was just unbelievable talking gibberish, talking kaka. We have an open line in date. 622 W. I. O. D. We have one in Broward. 767. I keep showing up here every day trying to be a mench trying to be a professional. I tried to do a job. And these people here, they just how many how many months have I said it how many times if I had if I had a thousand dollars for every time I've said these last six months, these people just don't get it. I could be tear right down and say screw all of them. They don't get it. They didn't get it. Then they don't get it now and guess what? They are never going to get it. I wanted it. Well, big deal. You're still not going to get it. God Almighty, clueless, clueless. I'm working. I'm like crazy. We're working so you don't have to sign the. Yeah, get off the phone. Okay, Rhana. I'm in the middle of a show here already. Crazy people. Okay, let's have a meeting with Alan. Then we'll have a meeting with Jay and then we'll have a meeting with Jim Boca. They got more than bureaucrats like I said. You're talking to somebody 930 in a morning about something 230 and after doing somebody else calls you back with an answer. And I'll guess what? They never even talked to the first party. Open and then you remember the question here that we had to fill out about, you know, and it was all the quite everything that they do wrong, which is almost which is why I was such a long question here. Like 400 pages. Is there too much bureaucracy here? Is it too difficult beginning getting things done? Are there too many people involved in decision-making? Yeah, yes. Like you got to put out a question here for this to figure it out. Like maybe this was all from a guilty conscience or maybe we have to document for somebody. Maybe we have to put in front of his post to convince him that the same the way you do business. Hey, I'm busy. I saw him a $45 million TV station. They don't have time for this. See, when you got that much money, you can dittled people's lives around. And I just decided I don't want my life dittled around. It's too important to me. It's not important to some other people, but to me it's still important, which is called self respect. Thank you, fat boy. 1127, a WIOD. When it's time to get a new mattress man, when you've like, can you imagine a mattress that the fat boy must sleep on? Oh my god. Because he was just in here headed me something. Jeff, hi. Can you imagine what that mattress must look like? And if his wife is smart, she sleeps in a separate room at this point. Not just on a separate bed in a separate building. But at any rate, on what do you hold your nose for? Do you think his mattress? I want to give you a hug. Exactly. Sting? Yes. Why? Let's see, as plastic mattress covers here. That was bad. Jeff, hi. You better go in there and have a talk and do a Georgia. Okay? He's saying terrible things about you, even if they are true. Anyway, if your mattress is had it, okay, whether Jeff, hi, is slept on it or not. Even whether CT is slept on it. I wanted it. Here's the answer. Pick up the phone and call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. Leave off the last S.S.S. stands for sucking around. That's right. They've got every kind of great mattress. See, leave posture, Peter. Sur'd a perfect sleep or Simmons beauty rest. Rest on it, comfort care. They got the electronic adjustable mattress. They got that brand new mattress that comes with a 20 million year guarantee. They've got every kind of mattress under the sun. And they save you a humongous amount of what you pay for exactly the same goods in your department store. And as far as deliveries concerned, you can't beat them anywhere. They deliver every day, seven days a week from seven o'clock in the morning all the way up to 11 o'clock. And I, with an eight-to-hour period, so the bottom line is they deliver when it's convenient for you. And you'll have to sit around waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting until you get as old as Mithusla. Pick up the phone and call them today. No questions asked to give you a great deal. Convenient delivery. Save your ton of money. 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. Leave off the last S.S.S. stands for Strucker. 6-10 W-I-O-T. Oh, Neil Rogers. God. That's the place for me. I got my brand new Nike's and I'm ready to die. 8 boys in Chile with the rest of the guys. We're going to a spaceship that can't be seen. Our souls will be taken by a particle being. The castration is the only thing that bothered me. You gotta sit down to pee. You know I think the poison is affected me. It's the hell about coming for me. Huh? 1-4-10-MAT-T-R-S. 11-32-A-W-I-O-D. We have an open line on the mobile 1 purple line. We got 2 in-date. We got 1 in brown. We got them all over the place. Okay. It's one of those days. They're spastic. They're gone. They're everywhere. All these Panther fans are waiting for Wednesday against New Jersey. They're probably going to get shut out. And then Friday against Pittsburgh, which, you know, that could be. You do realize that could be the game. Penguins have got four games left. We got two. That's bad news. That's bad for us. And they got two of the pathetic ruins, which I guarantee. They aren't going to lose to the ruins. Like we did Saturday and Boston. What an effort that was. Was that pathetic? Was that weak? Was that un-believable? Was that said? Here's a catering Ohio. Hello. Hey, how you doing, me? Okay, sir. I got a phone call at 10-30 this morning saying you were going to QAM. When I jumped straight up out of bed. Yeah. And here you'd like to stay in bed. It's about 35 degrees. How does it's lovely? Yeah, sure. It's a brain time weather. So 85 here. You haven't. I know compete. You can, uh, you'll be on the air and you'll go straight over there. You won't. I'll be back in two weeks. I'm not going to get into a legal discussion, though. You know, which day it is that I'm leaving and which day I'll go on. I mean, uh, how do I know? I don't know. Well, I'll tell you what. I was happy to hear it because when they got rid of Phil Henry, I told my dad. I said, you'll be right behind me. He's not going to stay there. They've jerked him around so much. I mean, the way that they've treated me here these last three months, especially has been so grotesque. Well, the whole six months, but it's been like about the last five months since we came in the studio and nothing was working. And then the so-called renegotiation on their part, I'm adversely, I'm not exaggerating. These people need help. They need psychiatric help. They have no idea how to treat human beings. I don't know. Zero. Zimperty, do da. I don't know what they do. They think that if they can pacify you by taking you for free meal once every six weeks, that's going to like they can, you know, kiss and make up and smooth everything over. And they can apologize for how inept they are. I'm sorry, they don't get the job done. I don't know what they paid for the station, but I think they just really. They were 13 million. They were given this radio station, 13 million. Paxons got a house that's worth 12 million. They paid only 13 million for this station and the property over there on 79th street. They were given the station. Well, let's say what? Just let's stay put you through. I'm glad to hear you're going to QAM and I'll call you in about another six months. I'll be back in two weeks. Okay, pal. All right, Neil. Stay warm. Okay. Two open lines and day six to two nine four six three. We have an open line in Broward 767 Wild. We have two on the out of town lines. The worldwide wickedly web lines. The Palm Beach lines. One triple eight four seven four nine four six three. Here's Miami. Hello. Anyhow, you doing today? Great. You know, at the Pantheon game, there's a gentleman that sits by me and I've noticed he brought a couple of guys to the games that are obviously hockey players. A couple weeks ago, he brought Dominic Ashick when we played Buffalo. Yeah. I introduced myself to him and he said that he defected from my believe he said the Czech Republic and he was the goalie for Toronto from 79 to 83. And I forgot his name. He was the goalie for Toronto from 79 to 83. That's what he told me. And he defected from the Czech Republic. That's correct. And his last name was really short. Like a four letter name. 79 to 83. That's what he told me. Peter in. No, that wasn't it. That's the only short named goalie I could think it would might have been a check for the main beliefs. Peter in, ING. Brian GE. It wasn't him. It wasn't him. Sure wasn't. Well, I don't beat to me. Maybe somebody else knows. Beat to a lot of me. Okay. We'll find out. We'll find out. Okay. There you go. All you lead fans out there. All three of you. Peter in. That's the only name that seems could fit into me. He's a. Who? Yuri. Sarah. Yuri. I never heard of Yuri. Of course he back in that period of time. I was in limbo because I wasn't floated. That's before I got my satellite dish. Boy back in those days. If you were hockey fan down here, you might as well forget it. Because there was no you think the coverage is weak now. There was no coverage. Those papers would have the scores. Maybe a sentence or two here and there and that was it. That was it. Nothing. Zippity, Duda. Like we're talking about aliens from outer space. What was it again? Yuri, Sarah. Are you serious? Are you serious? Are you serious? Are you serious? Are you serious? Are you serious? Oh no, it can't be. It is. Oh they're back. We are. You guys actually had the balls to come back to town. I didn't need to go on the air. I just wanted to let you know that. And Steve was Yuri. Petering was a good guest. Oh, isn't it? Yeah. Petering is pretty good guest. Yeah, not right though. No. Kind of like some of the misinformation your partner has been passed out to us. Is he on laughing gas now or what? How are you doing? What is he coming up with? I'm telling you yesterday. This man came up with names and with stories. I love the way he pronounced that Russian kids name. I'm not going to get in with you. Yes, I'm doing great. How are you? Congratulations. On what? I'm shocked. They come home and my wife tells me the succeeding news. Yeah. Congratulations. I'm going to get a quick bull crap in Rimmer. I'm just congratulating you. What's the matter? You're afraid Barry Jackson's going to find out that you're already new. What do you need Barry Jackson for? What's he going to do for you? Hey, what's that? What's that little pud wacker going to do for you? I'm not getting bald in your business. Yeah, okay. How are you? Great. And a pretty bad road trip Rimmer. Pretty bad road trip. Yeah, we struggled. I thought the team played better yesterday though. It all. You thought they played better than what? Well, I thought they showed obviously a sense of urgency. It was a pretty good effort. And if you remember, it was a good effort. Neil. Blow in the game with less than a minute to go. Who was covering Peter Bondre there at the end? Well, obviously. You could have done our cover to him with a blanket and done a better job. There was nobody within 15 feet of Peter Bondre. The one guy we needed to be worried about. The one guy and as soon as he got the pass, I'm saying, Oh, no, here it comes. I know it. I could smell it. Anyway, Mike Lang says to say hello. Yeah, we should do a hockey show this week. Yeah, I'm letting you keep threatening it. All right. If you want to do it before the playoffs, Mike's. Great. Good idea. Let's get Mike on the air. We'll get a real broadcast around there. Yeah. You. Okay. And Mike. Yeah. At any rate, I thought that yesterday's effort was much much. By the way, Mike, you've Paul Coffee's. Okay. I know that he remembers him from his Pittsburgh days. The rumor is he keeps back and into things. Yeah. Well, Paul's out for 70 to 10 days. And here you want here some real good news for range. I hate to break the news to you, but Paul Coffee played yesterday. He did play. Yeah. Okay. Well, see. I didn't see the game obviously. Yeah. Yeah. The same time. But coffee's got a bad back. And I know it. But he did play. But there are two other. It's like Banger wasn't supposed to play. And our bad luck. He winds up playing in the time goal. Well, well, see if that kid is a great player. And a dirty player too. He was my neighbor when I lived in Maryland. Yeah. And he was telling me, so, but don't tell anybody. This was before the game yesterday. Don't tell anybody, but I'm going to try to play. And we'll see what happens after the pregame warm up. But there are a couple of other serious injuries. The team's right after content with number one. Pittsburgh may have lost Ken Regate for the balance of the season. Really? But the third time that hamstring problem has affected him. Maybe he ought as bad as the previous two. But more importantly for the New York Rangers, Mark Messier is having an MRI today. And the word is he might sit out the final three games of the regular season with Great. Good. That's good to us. Which means that the Rangers aren't as much concerned about finishing the first four as they are getting Messier healthy for the playoffs. Yeah. But a determination on his available will be made later on today as well. So it should be quite interesting here this final week of the season. We're in trouble. No. So let me ask you did struck a get re-injured? I know he did not. So how come he didn't play against today? Well yesterday. How come he didn't play the last two games again? Yesterday the coach says matter of factly. I've got to go with my veteran players. And obviously he went with the veterans. And I thought as I said they played with that sense of urgency. Something like that. You thought Kirk Mueller played good yesterday? He played better than he has. Oh man. Oh man. He played better than he has. Let me also. I know some guys that have built shorter than this guy's tongue. But what made also remind you, Neil? Yeah. All right. Just so you don't. I bet you Jeff Heiz built a shorter than Jeff Irmer's tongue. Yes. Just so you don't jump off the nearest bridge. You remember last year? He were saying what's the same thing the final week of the season? Not the mid. No, not like this. I'm sorry. Not like this. Not like this. Different story. We haven't had the chemistry back for months. We haven't had the chemistry there for months. And you can see it. You can smell it. You can feel it. It's not there. The goaltan and Kirk Mueller man. Goaltan has been fine. Goaltan is not our problem. The Kirk Mueller has been the biggest disappointment. I've never seen anybody so useless. So invisible. So absolutely. He gets great chances. He's one time yesterday. He's a big rebound. He did have one good shot. There was a pretty good save by Kerry. A by a randford. And then the rebound. He shoots it. He whiffed on it. He's not playing. He probably shouldn't have been playing when he first got here. He had the bad ankle. And obviously he struggled. And he's one player. The pants was a guy he could go in before. Yeah. We didn't make that deal with the least for a Dougie Gilmore in Dave Elliott. I would have been a great deal. But you know, these guys are the experts. They got all the answers. You know that. They tried to make the deals. You know. Yeah. Couldn't do it. They didn't want to give up certain guys who by the way are playing real bad right now. I don't want to mention no names. All right. So a Strock is not going to be playing anymore. Is that it? That's not what I'm saying. Chris will also be in there. A Strock will be out. No, Doug Doug says that he feels for the first time this season. The Panthers have got some depth. So when you say play veterans. You mean like Steve Washburn is he a veteran? No, but he's a settlement. Uh-huh. And he's played well. Who's got more experience? Strock or Steve Washburn? Who's played better? Who's played better? I'd say that. He doesn't play anymore. Washburn had a big game yesterday. I thought when he first joined the hockey club that line was shepherded to Horach was pretty effective. Yeah. So. But see you're all over the place again. Remember you first you say that all the veterans have got to play the coach as the veterans. Then you tell me that there's 20-year-old kids got to play. I didn't say he's got to play. But he's one of the players that's in the next right now. Well, he's never going to get Strock back into shape. And I still think, you know, and he doesn't like the little guys. He didn't like all the Washburn's not a very big guy. But he didn't like Stooie. He doesn't like Strock. He doesn't like the little guys out there. And well, can I tell you? Doug Y'all more and exactly going to tower for anybody either. But he's kicking ass. Is it true? Can I ask one question? Yeah. Is it true that I heard this second and third hand? But while we were gone, he made the comment that Marty Strocker was a better hockey player than Rob Needemar. No, I did not say that at all. But you know something I believe that very positively, yes. And he also was a plus nine. Needemar is like a plus one. Well, I, I defended you and said, I can't believe Neil would say that. Needemar plays about one out of every five or six games he shows up. He got that great goal last week. It was a one. One of it that was his claim to fame for the whole season was that incredible goal. Although, Hatchard didn't have his stick at the time, by the way. But nevertheless, it was a great play. And that was it. And he makes a play like that about once every three or four weeks. And that's basically it. He scored when the team struggling for goals here. He's got he had two. He had a couple. He has got 12. Last time I checked he's got 12 and he's playing. Yeah. He's playing every day. Okay. I don't think 12 goals is anything to write home. If you're top if a guy you considered to be your best center. He's only got 12 goals at this stage of the season with two games left after 80 games. You got some real scoring problems. I'm not arguing with you. He has not had to kind of hear him and he'd be the first kid to tell you that he hasn't had the year that he wanted to have. Yeah. But it's all a clean slate when the playoffs. I'll tell you one thing. I know Marty Strock is a hell of a lot better hockey player than Chris Wells will ever be. I'll tell you that right now if you want to get into a debate about that. It's not a one of the people you need to be. I don't want to get into a debate. I don't want to get into a debate. I don't want to go forward. I didn't need to go on the air was the two. Don't know. Why did you? I want to ask you a question. Why did you ask me that about Strock and Nina? How about Strock and Chris Wells? I wanted to make sure you and I were on the same wavelength. We're not. Well, we are about to ask you. My tongue just healed up. How about yours? Pardon me? I said I'm just healing up. You're a beauty. Put that thing together. Remember whenever you want. It's a congratulations. We'll try for Thursday. Our place is your place. Bye-bye. And the food is on us. All right. Or whoever brings it. See ya. Okay. There he goes. Okay. It's safe to call out two open lines today. 6, 2, 2, 2, W, Y, O, D. Oh, Jeff Grim all. It's the Jeff Grim all. The Pucks must be flying. Cause now the show is dying. We just got rolling and now all the rollers are shining. We got it. Boy. You know, it's rumored in tell a real story about the Strocca being hung like a moose, which is why the coach is jealous and will not put him in the line up anymore. Didn't tell that story on here just now. But I'll tell ya. We have two open lines in day 6, 2, 2, 9, 4, 6, 3. We got one open and browned 7, 6, 7, 9, 4, 6, 3. So any of that name that he just confirmed that I never heard of that guy? I never heard of that guy. And if he was to leave starting goalie during those years, then I really was out of the loop. I'll tell you that. I never never heard his name in my life. 1145 at Wiod. Let's get some Marlon Taco in here today. Okay, let's get some Emerald Coast to Taco in here today. Let's get something really important going and set these people try to compare apples with oranges. Like Robby Needer, Mar with Marty Strocco, who's this guy kidding, huh? Is he kidding somebody? Is he talking to some lemming out there that doesn't know what he sees with his own five eyes? Come to the park and play friends. The top of the park racing where April is your month to win. Cat's Simal casting racing Monday through Saturday from Dover, Yankers, Hazel Park, Mohawk, Dane, your freehold, Medellan's, Pokenow, Windsor and Meadows. And of course, every Friday is TGIF at Pomp and O Park with dollar deals on drinks and food. But if you really want to make a meal, make your reservation at the top of the park dining room. But make it soon because April 21st will be the last night for the two for one twenty dollar dining special. With the dining room closing April 26th. But at Pomp and O Park there's always something great going on like the opening of the National buffet April 28th on level four of the clubhouse. The price is 1495 for all you can eat including chef Iris Fabulous desserts. Dining opens at 6 p.m. post time for the first race 730 p.m. Reservations always recommended. And just reminder that on Saturday April 19, Pomp and O Park will participate in the Dolphins draft day at Pro Player Stadium. Stop by the Pomp and O Park tent meet top race drivers from Team Pomp and O Park. Rusty, a life-sized model horse, complete with harness and raising sulky. Go pick a winner at Pomp and O Park. Have you a great time post time at 930 in the p.m. 610 W Island. A series of unfortunate accidents. Oh, God. Don't even bother coming back. When I was little I was a skinny little punk. They wouldn't let me play basketball. The games used to push me around. Even though how I was beating crap out of me. But then I started drinking milk and I kept on drinking. And I kept on drinking. And I kept on drinking. And now I'm a 6 foot 5-inch 285 pound angry mother. And I'm gonna put some serious hood on everybody who ever dis me. You f***ing me. You go home in a body bag. Those are my natural born milk drink and kill. Milk. It does a body coat. They'll kill your man. All that milk and milk products. All that dairy. It'll put your right in the grave. You'll be coughing up big, big juicy ones. It's 1151 a W I O D. Here's Carl Springs. Hello there, Neil. Yes, sir. What you're talking about this morning is the perfect dismantling of a station. And it's I think it's part of the reason it should the FCC should look back at the ruling when they allow people to own multiple stations in the same market. Right. I mean, it should some believe it will. Crazy. I said it at the time and I'll say it again. Now I'm not saying anything different than what I said. I've never seen a car like that. I've never seen a car like that. The worst thing that ever happened in the industry for the public, for the people that work into business. The absolute worst possible thing they could have ever done. You think maybe Ronnie D. knew what this packs in character was about. Probably. Probably. Oh, that's another thing I left out when I was talking about the changes I had taken place. Ronnie D walks out instead of the Ron and Ron showed I got to run a bill show, which I'm not knocking out as guys, but there's another thing. It seems like since they bought this station, everything they touched has turned to be a normal man. Absolutely. Everything they've touched. Now he's going to show touch me. I'll tell you. He's going to go after and try to sanitize Rick and Suck now. What's the sanitize? What do you mean by that? Well, I mean, this is some of the shows. I'm sure he's not a red being this Christian lover. He's not all thrilled when they talk about dope and marijuana and all this sort of stuff all the time. Yeah. So I mean, he'll go after them next. Just like you, you know, try to, uh, the. I know the brains on you. Are you telling me the good Catholics don't smoke dope if it's good enough for the Pope? Well, the Pope smokes dope. We don't know. Well, it's good enough for him. But the buddy bud's going to reinvent the whole wheel. Well, you know, something that's his problem. He may try to reinvent the wheel. I'm not, uh, he's small potatoes to me. He may have all the money in the world. Like I've said many times before, just because somebody's got a lot of money doesn't make them smart and also doesn't make them the kind of people that you want to work for. Uh-huh. And he is not the kind of person that I want to work for. Believe me when I tell you. And I kissed the ground. I came so close. You have no idea how close I came because they just wore down my resistance with aggravation. I came within a Harris breath of signing wave the next five years of my life to these best. You did a firewood and done that and had been better off to put a bullet to my head. Well, I'm glad you had this stamina and the force I'd to realize. Amen. Listen here. I don't know one thing. Something totally different. I was watching the other night the Miami tonight show. Yeah. I couldn't sleep. So I flipped the TV on. That's a good reason. He's got a whole new set now. Yeah. They've got a couch and a couple of chairs and a desk and everything unlike we do. Well, now I'm using the shrink to go with it. Well, he's got dark cocks like the Ed McMan. Yeah. Doesn't now thing on the microphone and then sits on the couch and then it's his amusing. No, that but that's nothing. That's they used to do that. Not everything. They're hurting to their origins again. Yeah. Unless maybe this was an old show that I hadn't seen in the day. No, I was in a one. I mean, you're right about the shrink on there. When you down the one when you go down the dialer, you're going to be able to talk about bouldie. Well, yes. Good. I'm just to show is not going to be any different except it'll be better because I'll be able to do a show. Did you see what the stock is doing today? I don't know. No, I did not. Don't depress me on Monday. Please. You know, at one point on Friday, it was down to 27 and an eighth. Yes, I saw that. And finally, it made it come back and got back up to even for the day 20 and a quarter whatever. But 28, 60, it finished. Oh, my God. This this thing is killing me. Are you going to be at the shareholders meeting on the 11th? I'll be there. I'll be jumping up and down on the table. How the right day, pal. Thank you. Okay. So, we've got a two calls now. We made it almost two hours today with a show on a Monday, which is pretty good for you bastards, but I don't think we're going to make it until two. No chance. Two open lines and date all over. Just called a little while ago. We were cooking until that point. You notice that once again. Once again with that caqa. Oh, my God. And if a Thursday, we haven't done a hockey show in months since before the season started back in September, I think. So I've been looking forward to that. To finally the day he would boot you up and come in here. We get some, you know, Mike Lang on here and Sherry and some of our usual people. But I'm going to tell you something. If I'm not going to spend one minute of this show on Thursday, doing what he got me to do and they're getting. I'm not going to argue all of his stepchildren how great they are because I know how there. I know how Joe and I was talking to his plan. I know how to need him. I was planning. Nobody's going to petal me this corporate bull crap. Okay. I got enough corporate bull crap from the packs and people the last six months. I don't need a panther corporate bull crap. I see how these guys are playing. Anyway, and this has been dead. I want to apologize personally to Marty Stroka. The worst thing I ever did on the year ever was say that I thought he was a good player that I liked him. As soon as I said that, the curse, the hex went, oh, was payback. Neal thinks Stroka's good. He likes him. Good. We won't will screw him over real good. To get even for all this stuff that he's talking about the Chris Wells, Dylan, Stu Barnes, and Jason Wolley even if it happens to be true. Okay. Stu is a minus 22. You feel better? But he does have 50 points. Oh, sorry. We have an open line in date. Six, two, two. We got a parent, Broward, 7, 6, 7, 7. Like I said, this is a market. Don't ever tell the truth. Don't ever really give your opinion. Just kiss a lot of ass here, man. Don't ever give your real opinion to tell people what's really going on. Because they can't stand it. They can't deal with it. They can't cope with it. It's enough to make them want to go out and buy a necklace. Here's a pebble pine. Hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Okay. I don't know what you want to talk about baseball. A lot of people don't even know what an RBI is versus an RBI. Yeah. But anyhow. They know an MRI. What I wanted to actually discuss with you, I wish you well on your new ventures. I know there's a couple of months away from it. You are. I hope they treat you better than it did to me. This task Friday on your actual last day. What happened to me was I was working in a department with two rookies. And since there were two other veterans and only three computers. You know, with perfect for me and the two rookies. However, my last day, they told me, you know what, we really don't need you. We'll pay it through the week. But we really don't need you because we're going to bring somebody else in at the same time. Free up your PCs and then buy them the veterans will be back. Yeah. I just don't get into anything like that to you. Do you mean the Paxon people? Exactly. Hey, hey, is they want to, like I said, if they want to bring me a check and pay me for the next six months through September 30th, which is what it's all about. Hey, I'll kiss the ground. What's wrong with that? I think I'm getting paid for the week. So what's the problem? Well, the only thing is I didn't get a chance to say goodbye to anybody. It just came unexpectedly. Yeah. You know, so I just saw it. So which would you rather have the pay for not working or saying goodbye? Well, call them up at home and there you go. Call them up at home and tell them goodbye. Call them your son of a slimy sandwich. I certainly will. Okay, I wish you the best meal. Thanks. Good luck to us. Two open lines in Broward, 7679, 463, 767, WIOD. 1157. Now this should be the worst problem. The worst dilemma of my life. You know, like I said, I plan to come in in every day. Just do one of the show. Just do one of the show every day for the next several months because when you come right down to what? What difference is it making this time whether you're doing a show over here, whether you're doing a show down there? Well, you're doing a show anywhere. You're doing a show. The only difference being whether people are treating you civilized and liking human being, or whether they're tearing your guts out, your kishki's out. And the bottom line got to be that I don't have any kishki's left to tear out. They stripped them all away. They're selling trite by the ounce right outside the front door there. When it'd out, go out and buy some. Wanted? I wanted it. 1158 at WIOD. I also wanted to get rid of my bank a few months ago. And I went on the air. We went nuts for days on end about banks and how they make mistakes with you. And how they screw you over and how they try to point the finger at you. And they just don't want to give you a good service. Because too many of these banks, that's like the radio business. There's a handful of big corporations that own the overwhelming majority of the banks. And so you're just small potatoes. Even if you put a pretty good amount of money through their like I do, they don't care. They just don't give a crap. And so they don't give you any kind of service. That's why I fired my bank and went to family bank. One of the smartest things I've ever done in my life. They treat you great. They're happy to see you. Whatever you need, they take care of you. No cross examination, no third degree, no finger pointing, no big mistakes. They've got to be five minutes you turn around. They've got to lower service fee in Broward County. If you want to get a loan, you talk to somebody right here in town. The loan officer isn't a thousand miles away in Charlotte or Atlanta somewhere. They've got all the convenient things of any big bank. They got ATMs at all their locations like Siris and Presto. They even honor honor. How do you like that? They've got seven convenient locations all over Broward. And they'll take great personal care of you. You'll be you'll be in heaven. When you take your cash to family bank like I did. Family bank member FTIC. I'm William Robert Milford III with News on 16 W-I-O-D. Here's Sky Spy Traffic. Good afternoon. They're counting accident south down 95 just at the entrance ramp to Westbound, Dolphin southbound high 75 just down 138 street. And at that time they were just having to suffer down. They're just having to suffer down. They're just having to suffer down. And the crowd's on this road was street. Both Westside are good. Broward and Palm Beach counties are accident free. I'm Paul Pagano, 610 W-I-O-D Sky Spy Traffic. Woohoo! The only radio you can do is to make a play. 610 W-I-O-D Miami Fort Lauder Deos. Hi, this is Randy West. And they don't come any better than me, nor in Neil Rogers. What do you think? The baby's mine. It's really true. The skeptics say the fathers. I'm telling you, we did the deed. We did the use. Our official means. What they say, I paid the mother. But they're almost singing, mutt. She didn't want no money. She said I'm a standout, why'm I dead? I'm dead. Can you tell me, we're in the sand? And I'm so glad that I'm dead. Can't tell the mother's dead. Say no bad, I'm dead. Can't tell the mother's dead. Can't tell the mother's dead. Can't tell the mother's dead. Can't tell the mother's dead. Can't tell the mother's dead. I wanted it. Covo 4W-I-O-D had the money. It's a great day for the Irish to Chinese. The Irish, everybody else. We're having a whale of a day, man. We have an open line at Broward as in two of them. 767-9463. 767-W-I-O-D. We got an open pair down the out of town lines. The uponmeats lines. 1-Triple 847-494-63. So that lunch that was going to be around 1130 this morning. That was outstanding. Did you enjoy it, George? From wherever we are, and not really sure, wherever Kim was telling us about it, that we're going to have a nice fillet. When you're on here 1130 this morning, it was sensational. It went down like a gefilterfish. Smooth as can be. I heard Brook talking the other day, but now she doesn't have to eat gefilterfish now that she's not officially. She's not from enough to be a real Jew anymore. According to these Orthodox lunatics out there, the rest of us were not real Jews because we're not Orthodox enough. We're not far-bison like they are. So we don't have to eat gefilterfish and all that gel stuff that's in the jar. Which I think she's, I do like gefilterfish, but the gel I could live without. Whatever it is. I think it's mong. I think that's officially mong, whatever is around the gefilterfish in that jar, to keep it from like sprawling. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Keep the room man off your show when you move down the dial. Yes. Keep it the nail shelf. Yeah. Not the nail and gel. I work alone. Get home from work, Saturday. Yeah. I listened to the best of. We're talking about the Benfan. I picked up the herald. Right on a front page at a local section, 30 paper. Board of Medicine to crack down on Benfan, Diet Hills. All right. Long overdue. Big story about people just walking with three unaparques and walk out with the Benfan. Right. There's all these people that are like maybe three pounds overweight or ten pounds underweight and a lot of these places are just, they just got a pill clinic going again, just like back in the sixties and seventies. Just a scam. Right. Have a good one. Thanks. Get your lighter. Okay. How do you like that? Oh, and I don't know whether I should tell a story. Did are you familiar with this? That somebody wanted me to advertise their clinic on the year? Yes. Like my mind totally put it out. It was definitely the most astonishing. Like after the fact after all this crap went down. We're talking crazy people. I mean, we're talking people that just don't get it. Don't get it. The word credibility, haven't only just the end of vocabulary. There's somewhere. I'm going to go on a year in pedal. Fan fan. How much? We have an open line in date. 6294662222. WIDWI-DWI-DWI-D1 and Broward 7679463. 76767WI-D. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was listening to when you had the Italian coconut spread from a rental last Friday. And you're the only one I've ever heard called Capacola, Gava Goul. You said Gava Goul. No, we don't say that. We don't say that. Capacola. So that's exactly what my mother is. You know, Italian Americans. Yeah. What she called it was Gava Goul. That's how I grew up. No. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Maybe like Cecilians are, uh, maybe in Naples. Oh, and the Paula George the Palatano Esas, that, yeah, Junior. Because you're that beautiful. Cabalola. I've ever heard say that. By the way, you know, it's interesting. Because after a Italian class on Saturday, we stopped at Lorenzo's and got a whole bunch of that Columbus cold cuts. If I could tell you how good that stuff is, I'm serious. It is unbelievable. They come by shops at the day when they were. Oh, man was that good stuff. And the best, I mean, the slommy and everything. I'm the Turkey is great, but the the roast beef is so great. I can't I can't. I can't. The best meat in town up there. Yeah. No doubt about that. But this is a whole new line. It's called Columbus cold cuts and it's out of this world. I went and saw Donnie Brasco this weekend and I think it's worth. It's worth and worth and worth and worth. It was pretty good. Yeah. But she knows good. The kids, uh, what's his name? Uh, I forgot his name. Johnny Depp. Johnny Depp. It was all right. It was, you know, it was just, I don't think it was good as good fellows. What's, what's, what's, what's, what's, what's, what's, what's, what's, what's. It's for seeing. Okay. I enjoyed it. It'll be, it'll be on the, uh, satellite pretty soon. Yeah. And also, you're touching, you're talking about chef field a little while ago. This guy, you know, what, what a real idiot. He is, but all the sudden he's, he's Mr. Nice guy. Yeah. No. And here, uh, who's taking a, he's out this guy. Ten million dollars. And then I was, I was, I had an on the news in the day, you know. He doesn't want to pay. You know, I'm not a pro union guy. But I'm for the work and man. Right. Oh, that's right. He's appealing. Yeah. That's right. I'm not paying them scale. You're just scale. He wants to pay them, you know. I mean, that's never really frost my ass. Well, how do you think? I feel, I thought I'm missing any meals. But how do you think? I feel like doing my contract negotiation with the guy. It's got a $12 million house. Right. And he's trying to go me down like I'm some kind of a misfit. Who isn't quite as good as he used to be. You know what I'm saying? I'm trying to play a, uh, site, trying to play mine games with me to try to go me down a few bucks. That, that's what gets me. I mean, I, he, he, he's, he's giving me chef field 10 million. Yeah. I'll chef field bringing in the box. But you know, but here, he got, you got to qualify, uh, union electrician, plumber, carpenter who's going to, going to, going to great facility for, I tell you what. I, I, I won't. You have a thought, but you're talking about little guys. No, good. Just keep in mind when every public stock first came out. It wasn't a little guys that when we're running around saying, I guess what? You want to become a millionaire here. Three bucks a, a share you can make millions in about six months a year. He was going to Shula and Marine on all his ponies there because the rich keep getting rich remaining in the rest of us, uh, I hope the little guys, I'm like, remember, remember, just kind of crap when it comes time to go pay money to go see and then use it. Yeah. I, I'll never go to any, any, any, is stuff. There's, there's not a chance. I mean, he is offered a little guy. I can't stand him. He's the worthless piece of crap. But the buddy butt action is almost as bad. Almost. There's, they're neck and neck. Okay. This, stretch, they come. We'll take a pool. Okay. Have a right day, pal. Okay. We have two open lines in date. Six, two, two, nine, four, six, three, six, two, two, WiodD. We have an, it's, seven, six, seven. We had even one woman on here. We had one right in the beginning. We had one nice lady on there. Very nice, extremely nice. And that's been it. The woman are very busy. It's Monday throughout their taken merchandise back. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. When is Todd today? Whatever. What happened to you, Joe? Okay. Well, that's, but that would be about the extent of my Spanish anyway. I think the, the Panthers are missing definitely an element. That's been there that endured them to the local populace. This year, at least since last November, it's just not there. Nearly the fact that they outspotled positionally opponents. Yeah. And unfortunately, I don't know what Rimmer and Pot van were seeing in that first period last night where they were, you know, spreading Ozana's, you know, the way the Panthers, Well, did you just hear him on here a few minutes ago? Tell me what a great player Robby need him. I was, and how dare I compare Marty Strachel with Robby need him. Well, I know something I would agree with that. I don't think there is any comparison. I was. Strachel's out there on the ice. There's exciting things happening. Skates every time he plays many plays with intensity. He's got tremendous speed. He makes things happening. Set some scoring chances. Need him are half of the time, Robby's out there for us. Skating figure rates. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I. First like he's lost like he needs a cup of dinner road map. Well, that's that's probably what I was alluding to right in the beginning here. The fact that you'll see a scrum in the corner and there's Neatermire allegedly playing his position. But last year, they would have gone after that to make sure even if it's a two arm one advantage in the corner that they come out with a puck. And then somebody's heading for the net. And that's just not happening this year. There's, you know, so we might reach the puck behind the opponent's goal first. And then we're waiting for somebody to be in front of the net, muslim in there. And these guys are skating as you say figure out. The chemistry is gone. They don't, they don't seem to have their act together like in the last minute of the game yesterday. Uh, of all the guys in the world, you're going to make sure somebody, somebody is on Peter Bond, where like glue on crap. You know what I'm saying? And the one guy you don't want to leave open. And me mean time you look at his melon be skating around in circles. And Carter and Spala, we don't know who the hell they're going. And here's this guy all alone all alone. They're outstanding players in the game. A sniper and butterbanging he ties it up and we blow it again in the last minute of play. And you just have to wonder, what are they thinking about? I don't know what's happened to Spala since the Alstar break he's been caught out of position. Uh, I'm team million times. Uh, right now the player I respect most on that team. And unfortunately, not spectacular. So that doesn't endure them to the local. And then he's out. Who's that lowering? Oh, Warner. Yeah, Warner is great. I mean, the kid is fantastic. I want to talk about untouchables on that team. You know, forget the needlemires, forget the blow chosen whoever else is out there. You know, uh, let's go with Warren. Or it's untouchable and built from there. Well, I'm going to tell you right now that if Stubborns were still on this team, that if I were the coach over this past weekend, Stubborns and Marty Straca would have been to the starting centers. And I don't care how big or small either one of them are. And I don't care how dirty and physical Washington is. The fact is that those two guys would have been out there doing a job. And Kirk Muller and, uh, and the Steve Washburn would have been sitting on a bench. I mean, Washburn's going to be a good player. He's not a veteran. He's not ready for prime time yet. And I'm just not buying it. No, there's just a great crap. If any. And the idea that Chris Wells has ever crack in line up at this stage of the game. Now that we got all the healthy guys back is unacceptable to me. Unacceptable. Well, if any team has shown the deficit that that I was referring to earlier. It's Washington. They have out hustle dust in the last three games. And they deserve Washington. Washington stinks. They do. Washington. And that's the problem. That's the problem. I mean, the last three games we played with them. Yeah, that's what I mean. No, yeah, the week. But every time they come back to either tie it or win it. Yeah. And I don't know what what the hell is happening. I don't buy the excuse that we played in Boston the day before. And then let me tell you also there are a crap team. Washington is a really dirty. Yes, but there are crap team. They've been struggling. They're not going to make the playoffs and for us to wind up walk out of there with a tie yesterday was really deflating. Yeah, not as deflating as losing in Boston the day before losing in Toronto two days before that. Have a great day, pal. You too. Okay. We have an open line in date six to two nine four six three two open lines in Broward seven six seven nine four six three. They're all the experts out there. It's the same old song. It's the old. I'm not talking about the color. I'm talking about the the staff man. The staff and their mouth pieces. Pop up pop up pop up. Same old stories five hundred years from now. They'll be peddling the same bull crap. Okay. They'll be selling it by the pound. Become a millionaire's. You know, if you're tired of never getting anything for free in your life. If you'd like to be a free loader like we are all the time just once. Pick up the phone right now. Call our friends at Hyderan Technologies. They will send you absolutely free. They're brand new catalog and they'll send you free. A sample of their great hydrodron skin care products. The most effective skin care products for men and women on the market anywhere. They got a full line of great skin care products. And if you're one of those people who thinks you don't need skin care products like you're skin as smooth as a baby's as wrong. For example, if you play sports, mental ice from a hydrodron product from Hyderan is the perfect product for you. That's what I said. Thank you. You'll also want to use Hyderan hand lotion because Hyderan products moisturize your skin without leaving it feeling greasy. Hyderan works like this as it dries on your skin. It creates an invisible shield that is water insoluble. Moisture holding it long lasting. The shield lets you skin breathe by letting the oxygen in and the carbon dioxide out. Even Hyderan cleans your won't take it away in your skin's natural protection the way so many skin care products do. So pick up the phone and call 1-800-4-Hide Run. They'll send you the whole new catalog and a free sample too so you can find out for yourself just how great these products are. 1-800-4-H-Y-D-R-O-N 6-10-W-I-O-D Anybody have a heart or a liver? On our channel you can depend and there will be someone real offended if it lacks class and has no vision. It's here on Crapital Television. Verge, where are you doing with that waiter? Nothing, Homer. He's just walking me to the car. Boosh! You're... You're... Draw up Homer. Come pose yourself. You're acting like a cat. You're gonna die. It's gonna be bitch Homer. I got a good out of here. Hmm. Herd, Rente car. Can I help you? Give me a car. I need a driver's license. Give me a car. Simpson, hey. Give me a car. Where's your other gloves? Give me a car. Close a little bloody. Damn it. Very well. Take the alarm day at the end of the lot. Lante. Comes complete with Syriens. Huh? That he likes. What do you mean? In two uniformed chauffeurs. All right, Simpson. We've got you completely surrounded. Come up with your hands. Oh. All right, but before I do, I have to get one question. Go ahead. And I have one of those doughnuts. All of our writers were once in prison. Here on Crapital Television. Oh, man. I wanted it. He's with you. Trock 20 at W.Y.O.D. Happy Monday from all your good piezons. Over here, those who are too crazy about you as well. We have an open line on a purple line, the mobile one line at Pound. O.D. We have a one and a day, 6-2-2-9-463. And 2-1-brower. 7-6-7-7-7-8-8-7-1-7-7-7-8. Oh, D. Here's Miami. Hello. Niel. Yes, sir. I don't want to say too things to be on. No one on. You said that the chemistry of this team on French and the Panthers was broken up on a trade They're going to take a little bit further back to that. In the year that Jernaki came in, who the hell takes the defense in number one? I mean meanwhile the guy was, I get attracted number two, which was, the step from Ottawa, scoring goals like lesson rate. I mean that's just something I couldn't believe. I remember to Mahaki, but I think that I was just a turning point if you will. Maybe he was a good yesterday in the beginning, calling him, I mean nice thing. Last year. But I think that's what's part of the process. He's taken the joy out his kill on us. He's killing us. He's playing horrible. And also number two, I'm telling the work I'm in the movie too, so I just we can't call some sleepers. Yeah. And I know if you're a senior, but you're having to be more to see. Okay. All right, have a good day. Thanks. See ya. Two open lines in day, 6 2 2 9 4 6 3. Eddie, Eddie, don't confuse these people. I want to yell what they want to yell. Loser, poop out. You have a poop of pace for Tampa. We're playing New Jersey. Poop out while they know how to say that. I mean, bro, do it on rhyme with the loser. Plus he's only got 85 shot outs in a row. And his number one in the league and maybe in the world. Doc Cherries says right now, Martin Brodur is the best cold tender in the world. And who might argue with him? Here's a poppin'o. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Got one of those water systems that you're talking about earlier. Yeah. Excellent. Uh-huh. I want to tell you that to start out. Thank God. Yeah. It's even great in the shower. Oh, I'm in the water too, yeah. I was listening to a man in Chester today. Yes? I've mentioned something about you that I thought was kind of odd. He said that you were like a top show host, but a sports host wannabe. I don't understand. A sports host wannabe? He goes, well, Neil does a show, but he's really a sports host wannabe. Yeah. Wrong. So I told him why didn't call. I don't want to be a sports host. If all I talked about was sports, I'd blow my brains out. Right. I'm going to play on that Marlin bandwagon. See, there you go. It's sports again. Right. Uh-huh. I don't want to turn into a sports host. Yeah. I could be a Marlin fan wannabe if he asked me. I couldn't cook. Yeah, right. I couldn't call him and ask him about baseball because he only does. He only does football. He's already doing the draft stuff. You know, just that? I heard him the other day was taught. He was promoting the big draft show coming up. He came on yesterday and he started talking about the pants. I was switching between the Panthers and the Marlins. And we're going to have some guru from the Lions on the talk about the draft. He had this guy come on. I never even heard of him. Oh, I did hear that. We were coming back from the Emerald Coast and he was, he was thinking, Ken Maldon for waiting with the sports update for, because he had this long drawn out thing about it. And with the Lions guy heard that. Yeah, and then he said something to the guy about it. They lost blades, Detroit lost blades. And now they're going to have to replace them. And that's not, I guess he went to Seattle. Brother. Yeah. It's kind of fit in what you played the other day. I don't have a clue. I'll straighten them out. You're going to get out to the old ballpark this year. Yes, I am, as a matter of fact, the price is right. We got free tickets waiting for us. Why the hell not? I want the other night. They got a pretty good team so far. Let's see if they can abstain. Let's see if they can keep winning every day for us. Otherwise, this groom. All right. Okay, pal. See you. That's the way we look at it. We don't want to be too pushy, but unless you win every day, we got another thing to do. Okay. We don't know what the are, but we'll figure it out. We'll go to Emerald Coast every night. Because quite frankly, I mean, if you win every day and if it's exciting, see this is probably baseball and another thing, man, some of these games in this first week of the season have been going on so long. What game was that I was watching yesterday? We watched a little bit of the, um, was it the white socks? Who the hell were the white socks playing yesterday? George. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Like he would know, huh? He couldn't give a he would know a white sock if his white put it on the bed. Let's see, the white socks were playing whoever the Detroit wasn't. Now I wasn't that game. Whatever the hell game it was. The Empire gets into a bit. Yeah, it was the white socks because it was, what's his name? Ozzy Gian. And he's arguing with, this is on Saturday, I guess. He's arguing with a play at Empire about where he's standing in a batters box. That's right, because that's a game Detroit, one like 15 to 13, which is the only way they can win if they score least 15 because they got no pitching. And this argument, this discussion and argument went on and on and on and again was already like 3.5 hours old. See, this is the problem with baseball and then then the pitcher decided that he, you know, he had something deep inside of his crotch and we know what it wasn't. And, uh, it just goes on and on the delays are interminable. Speed up the game man. That's one of the reasons it is so pondrous and so monotonous and so boring. Even though you're enchanted because we've won every game except one, but nevertheless, it is ponderous, too stinking long. Here's a mobile and curl spring, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Listen, the other day I turned, I tuned you in and I caught the last part of the storm. I think I had prison bitch. Yeah. So it was great. Good, I'm happy for you. We have an open line in day six to two nine four six three six two two two w out. And it's no request Monday. No, what are you laughing about? I know where he was going. Yeah, you heard it the other day great and I'm not playing it again. I know I'm not over and over. They've killed that thing. They've killed that prison bitch. They have killed that poor poor. That's f***ing bitch. Exactly. Burtured it. Two open lines in Broward County, 767, 9463. It's a real talk wannabe radio. That's what it is. Let's get the formatics down. Okay. And thanks for listening to the six ten WIOD. Thanks so much for doing that. Okay. Here's a hell and they'll. Hello. Well, good afternoon, Neil. How you doing? I'm waiting for you to say, let's go to the Montrechaue on the sidelines. Your show is totally turned into a sports show today. Is it really? I'm getting ready for QAM. Well, I wanted to. I don't want to disappoint man. I wanted to talk to you about. Talk to me about whatever you want. Whatever you want, man. Okay. Neil, I have. I have a problem. You jackass. Yeah. Okay. The problem sounds like it. Okay. The problem is Neil. And I'm having a problem with what's going on on local TV. I am sick local news for that instance. I am sick of seeing different faces all the time. I would like to see Neil Rogers on channel 7. 5 o'clock giving us a headline news every evening. Yeah. I would love to see that. Would you really? I would love to see that. Okay. Have a great life. Okay. Let's talk sports. What are fruit cake? We have an open line and who's that boy? Oh, that was Brian Andrew's boyfriend? Good. God. Boy, chop a little bit. Well, you have for a crown out loud. Hey, boy. What's that in your mouth? Two open lines in Broward. 7674 or was that bill come all? 7679463. Embarrassing. Okay. I was turned into a sports show today. Oh, my God. Yeah, but don't you like those hot young guys and jog straps? Now you're talking, pal. Now we all have a sudden got real interested in a hurry. He can smell that leather a million miles away. Anyway, boy, I'm telling him. Why am I so worked up here today? Let's relax. It's Monday. Just sit back in the chair. That is the great lunch that was coming 1130. How was it? By the way. I didn't want lunch anyway. Why did she do that? I mean, I know she was doing it as a gesture to be nice. And also, where's that disk? I was supposed to have. Now I'm excited like Casey, Casey Kissham. Where the hell is that disk? I was supposed to have like two hours ago, which what are they doing? Getting those spots over there. See, this again goes back to the way that everything goes on here. So slow and so pondrous. There's a few spots on one of those disks that they need to get off of there. Could have been done in five minutes by a blind man. Could have done in five minutes. Okay. Mike Bullhand could have done that in five minutes easy. Put it on tape somewhere and brought me the disk back. I asked for it like two and a half hours ago. I still don't have it. Do you have it? They're hatching it back. They're in traffic back there. Or in a continuity, whatever the hell they're doing. They're playing in traffic with it. But the lunch, man, that's which we didn't want in the first place. That's coming because somebody wants a free plug and guess what it ain't here. 610 Wild. He's holding your head. Okay. Well, 32 years have very educational facts by the way, which I'll use the last half of the facts. First it says, last night I watched the program on Discovery Channel about elephants. They said on an average day in elephant expels enough methane gas to drive a car 20 miles. So if you want to save on gas, I just get along hose and hook it up to Jeff Heiz. And it would be a good way to start. Talk about a great hose job. Here you go. But anyway, the facts are the first parts, which is why I say the first part for last, because I didn't realize the other stuff was on there. Which was pretty interesting. Pretty entertaining about elephant farts, huh? Anybody out there ever cut an elephant fart? I sure have. Woo! Elephant teen, baby. Shaking the rocking the world. It says, I called on Friday to request Courtney Love the Shakespeare. You tried, but you couldn't get to it. Could you please squeeze it in and the car today too? Did I say we weren't doing requests today? She gained a claim with her breakout performance in the People Vess' Larry Flint. Now, Courtney Love takes the theater by storm, appearing in the classics at the Seattle Reptory Playhouse. See her rifting performance is Lady McBeth in the Scottish Play. Is this the mother f***ed jaguar I see before me? As blanched to boi in, a street car named desire. I've always relied on the kindness of strangers. And of course, Saint Joan by George Bernard Shaw. Get that torch away from me, mother f***ing f***ing suckin' bastards. Yes, Courtney Love plays the classics. This spring at the Seattle Reptory Playhouse. Yeah, yeah, yeah, get out of my f***ing face. What are your tickets today? Son of a f***ing mother f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing. So like I said, no, I can't play it. 1234 at WIOD, we have an open line in date, 62-22 WIOD. We've got a parent-browered, 767-463, 767, WIOD and the two on the out of town lines and pombies lines, of course. That goes without saying all the time. 1 triple 84749463, 1 888-474-WIOD. Here is the Virginia Bay. Hello. I mean, Keith, did I say Bay? What is it? Don't be lighting the mill if it's parts. Yeah. There's newsflash, newsflash. The not so virgin Mary is shown up again. Yeah. In sunny day or Washington. In the place? On the back of a highway adoption sign. All right. Oh, they showed the pictures of it. It looks like you know what you want to do when you sit a little bit of oil on something. You get that rainbow ring. Uh-huh. The virgin Mary's got a rainbow ring, huh? Right. What does that tell you? Sounds like a dike thing to me. I don't know if it's metal or not. But there are people for seeing the virgin Mary after that in the different intersections around me. There are other things. There are other things. There are other things. There are other things. There are other things. Of course. So anyway, she's hitting the highest spots, man. Clearwater, Florida, and where was it? Sunny, Sunnydale. Oh, Sunnydale, Washington. There you go. Where are you? Sidewalking, too. That's right. So anyway, the virgin Mary moves in mysterious ways. And I bet you she's out there a light in the elephant park as you speak. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Bless you, my child. We have two open lines in day. Six, two, two, two, Wiod. We got a parent, bro. We got a parent, seven, six, seven. Let's hear a lot more about the virgin Mary today. And forget all the sports talk. Okay. Let's not be a bunch of sports talk wannabes. Damn it. Here's for a lot of day. A lot of mobile. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. About the QAM thing. I think it's funny that there's so long. They've wanted to be Wiod. Yeah. And now there's slowly become IOD by absorbing. Everyone is left you. How do you like that? I mean, if you've got the dolphins, they got D. Full, they got Maddie, they got Bull Canberra, they're going to have me. And you're right. I mean, they've become Wiod. The except for they don't have the initial. But I mean, they are. What Wiod used to be now. Yeah. And before, you know, I looked at the radio station. Yeah, I would never listen to them. But if you go, I will. Yeah. And do they do the Panther games? Yes, they do. Is there any chance that, you know, like you might do some color commentary? I doubt it. Oh, really? Because I used to listen to you do the baseball games for you. Yeah. Even though I'm not a baseball fan, but I enjoyed listening to you. Do you do the commentary? Yep. That's in the past pal when I wanted to work, you know, 15 hours a day, 20 hours a day, 20 hours a week. You know, what if you want hours of this every day is enough for me? I like to go as a spectator. No, sports want to be. Leave Chris and Randy did their own resources. Also, I mischew it to the beginning of the show today. Did you do anything about the big non-eventa villain to generous coming out? No, I did not. What is there to say about it? It's like you said it's a non-eventa. Well, I mean, he finally actually opened the door. Is that a surprise? That would be like Rex Reed coming out of the closet. Is that a shock to anybody? Then L.N.D. generous is a bull-dike? Like anybody doesn't know that? Well, some people are just going to come out on Hollywood Square next week. You know, what's the big deal other than the show is not here anymore? But other than that, well, you'd be surprised how many people It goes over their head because when I mentioned the two and before the announcement, I said, you know, if anybody didn't know so many people looked at me like, What are you talking about? Yeah. Next thing they'll be telling you how many it was Jewish. But you know, I think, well, you tell me what you think. I think it's going to be the kiss of death for her show. Why? Well, I think it's an important thing for her to do, but I don't think that the mainstream is going to accept it. They couldn't care less than a million show. Why is this so revolutionary? There's a Zidian show on for less ten years now that it got gay characters in them. How about Melrose Place? Did that show go off the year? Well, I did. They have a lead actor come out and say he was a lead actor. They don't have to be the lead. They'll make any difference. People, they know there's facts all over the place, okay? The people in the major markets where the ratings are really important. They're not shocked that they find out somebody's a fact, especially in her case. Well, as if it's a big surprise. Right. Have a great day, pal. See you down the dial. Okay, and put you up. We have two open lines in dates. So yeah, it's a shock to me that Ellen D. Generate that she's a bull-dike. Wow. Could have fooled a hell of a man. Just like when Martina came out, man, what a shocker that was. And Billy Jean Queen, when she finally said, well, can't us must macho. Me or Janet Reno, we thought about it for a while. Still haven't come up with an answer. We have an open line of date, six, two, two, W, I, O, D. Ellen, and addition, which the show blows anyway. Who cares about Ellen? Who gives a crap about that stupid show? God. Here's, did this country, man? These people are so far in the stone age. They just don't get it. Oh, there's a dike. Yeah, there's a dike. Okay, it's a, a dike. And there's a faggot. And here's a drag queen. Grow up already. Come into the real world. Get a life. Get a real life. And you wonder why they're hawking a trinic with this thing with the tobacco in a cigarette. And everybody's so uptight about who's going to smoke. And, uh, oh, they're all suing each other because that's all America's about. It's a bunch of crazy lawyers. So many each other and uptight nervous people who are in denial. That's what it's all about. They're all in denial. How come all these other countries? How come an Italy? Everybody smokes. Nobody's got cancer. What is that all about? What is that about? How come they eat like pigs. They eat like pigs. They eat a five course meal. There's no fat people. There's like 10 fat people out of 70 million in a whole country. There's 10 fat people. Why is that? How come they got women with naked boobs on there on TV commercials in France and Italy? And Holland and all over Europe. They got naked breasts on here on regular t over the air TV right on the commercials. And people over here are getting upset because somebody's got a website with the boobs on it. I don't want to mention no names. You don't want to say. But the rumors are that somebody's getting all bent out of shape because somebody's some show. I don't want to mention which one it might be. It's got a website. It's the Ron Ron radio network. Like I said. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. How are you doing Neil? Great. I know why you're a city player was on repeat. Yeah. He's really bad. And his 13 year old boy and they're playing MF rap music. MF there's an MF band. I kind of stuff. No. Yes. All Sunday morning. They weren't really women. They weren't really saying MF. Oh no. They were playing for the album. He was on there. He was going in the MF band. So Jim really came in here yesterday and was patchking around with the equipment in here. Didn't bother putting it back to the way it was supposed to be. Thank you so much. Jim really has in your really R&S. I'll just like I knew it. Are you in your primary fort too? Yeah. Rick Riley is going to be a grandpa. Yeah. I went to Michigan with from 16 year old girl and now you figured out. All right. Okay. All right. Two open lines in day. Six, two, two, nine, four, six, three. Rick Riley is going to be a grandpa. Oh my god. What's the name of that thing? I'm my own grandpa. I'm my own grandpa. I like it sounds funny. I know, but it really is all. Yes, I'm my own grandpa. All right. But I'm not playing that guitar here. I hate that thing. It's a real Yahoo thing, man. It's a Yahoo thing. I can't stand Yahoo things. Ever seen a Yahoo thing? We have two open lines in day. Six, two, two, nine, four, six, three. I've seen a few Yahoo things. Some of them are okay. In fact, every now and then you saw Yahoo thing and just thought to yourself, I wanted it.