I hope tonight, Bruce Williams, in Greg. 16 WIOD Miami Ford Lonerdale. 16 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers show. It's a talk with a, it's a 622 WIOD in date. 767 WIOD in Broward, Mobile 1 and 18 T Wireless customers can call toll free at pound IOT. A ride now, not only across South Florida, but across the nation and Canada too. Call toll free at 1-88-474-WIOD. And now, the Neil Rogers show. The Neil Rogers. Right man, you don't have to punch up my headlight. I don't think you're wearing your left-law lipstick right. Right man. You're the label. You don't have to wear that dress to my head. You ain't shot that money. Go look for the lights on we check transvestite. Right man. You don't have to show up for all your best. Right man. Please don't even put as much decals. You won't be in the end. You won't be in the end. Yeah. You won't be in the end. You won't be in the end. You won't be in the end. You won't be in the end. You won't be in the end. You won't be in the end. You won't be in the end. You won't be in the end. You won't be in the end. You won't be in the end. You won't be in the end. Please don't. Hey, dogs. Hey, dogs. Hey, dogs. Hey, dogs. Hey, dogs. Hey, dogs. Hey, dogs. Hey, dogs. Hey, dogs. Hey, dogs. Hey, dogs. Well it's cold. I'm feeling great. Want me to kiss you. Hey, dog. If I'm feeling very high. Hey, dogs. Hey, dogs. Hey, dogs. Hey, dogs. Are you done? Are you done? Well, come on. Come on, enough of the crying. Enough of the crying. Come on. They stuck. Alright. My God. It's, we're changing the name of the franchise to the cry babies. I'm serious. I have never been so disgusted in my life as the last 48 hours or whatever it has been. I just, I can't cope with it. I cannot deal with it. Yesterday we said here listening to four hours of sputum, people who had no idea what they were talking about. And you know, something you can debate that call two nights ago, you know, from now to the end of time, the fact is that there wouldn't have been any call and there wouldn't have been any loss if they wouldn't have blown the lead again with 19 seconds left. That's not debatable. That is a matter of fact. So let's find out this morning. What's the excuse for last night? Let's be creative and find out at the end of the telecast last night. And I don't want to start picking on my close personal friend again, but I will anyway. At the end of the telecast and by the way, the pregame show they started out with 20 minutes of, oh my God, from Brian Murray and the rimman and everybody else and we was robbed. By the way, nice going John D'Naco, you should put somebody in place. That was great. Well, why don't you show the replay at that other moment with Kirk Muller last week? Wow, we don't have that all too bad. Yeah. And also wrong headline in the Sunset List morning. Let's see, this is what it took me 21 years to find out what this town is all about. Just put anything you want in the paper. Just go on here and spew any kind of crap you want. And everybody buys into it when they start repeating it like a bunch of parents. NHL official admits reason to feel angry. No, he didn't admit that. He admitted that there was a mistake into what on Kirk Muller and Richter lie in the Sunday's game. Not the one two nights ago, but hey, don't confuse the people of the Sunset and all because you have different people like the headlines. That's right. Let's hear the, come on, let's hear it. I want to find out what the excuse was last night. So on the post game show, I found out what it was. They stuck. Oh, no, that wasn't it. That was not it. Cut the crap away. Stop it. Put that tongue back into proper place, will ya? The reason was, according to the rimman that they lost last night and that Gretsky had the natural Hattrick there in the second period and made Eddie Joe and Paul Laws and everybody else look like a bunch of monkeys. The reason was because we still emotionally were so distraught, we just couldn't get our act together from that I'd be for now. I want to tell you something. Last season with the whole organization, okay, from Brian Murray and Bill Tory and Doug McClain and every player on I team, it was character man, every game they played. They were never out of a game. They were always like battling right to the end of matter what the score was. They had stromatic comeback that four one game in Dallas. They were losing and tied it up. I mean, time and time again, never out of a game, never cry babies, never make any excuses. Now, this franchise has become at a bunch of winters and cry babies, okay? How many times have that man in the creasing been called this year that have cost teams, dearly, including already in a playoffs, cost teams a goal? And a game. And yeah, you hear some conversation about it, but can that be used as an excuse the next day and the next week? And the next month, how long are we going to make excuses that we got an defenseman there who's supposed to be a superstar? That again last night in the third period, he's been in most of the time on the bench because he's an impediment to our lives. We don't trust putting his big ass on the ice and rightfully so. I mean, it's a sad thing. It's a shame that something that was so great and so positive has now been reduced to this, this insistent blinding and crying that just never stops now. And especially the people on their last night on the telecast, why didn't they cry in a body? The night before couldn't figure out what the hell was going on. And there were the ones who, like, kind of cheerled everybody else into wine and crying. Who also didn't know what was going on and what the call really was. So let's hear it. What was the reason that the Panthers lost to the Rangers last night besides number 99? Let's hear what it is. Come on, I'm ready. I'm game. W-I-O-D. How are you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Great game, what's night? This team. It was a great game. It was a great game between Buffalo and Ottawa last night. That was the great game of the three. Okay, listen. Let's look. Let's get to reality here. H-O-Vanowski's stinks. Yes, that's great. That was all the sudden. I forgot how to play defense. Uh-huh. Doug McCoy. He was pinching it last night. He was in the printing team. He gave a piece of mother to name O-O-Ski and he scores. Yeah. What do you got to have a Jewel? He's a Jewel? He's a Jewel? He's a Jewel? He's a Jewel? He's a Jewel? He's a Jewel? He's a Jewel? He's a Jewel? He's a Jewel? He's a Jewel? Yes, he's a Jewel? He's a Jewel? He's a Jewel? Then you know, he's a Jewel? But the problem is... Robby. Why don't you mention Robby? There's the one guy that's playing. And him and the geezer. Robby, baby, nice girl and sweetheart. He's playing all of a sudden. He got a fire under his ass. Right, Neil. Strocker was useless. Chris Wells wasn't even like a paint watch and paint dry. He was like, we're less than useless. TROCK-O-Vanowski. He's totally destroyed his confidence and he's useless. Right Doug McClean's hair did so big. Yeah, his thickest got to his head so much Where he thinks he can't do wrong. Yeah, Doug McClean doesn't have a clue right now of what lines to put on on the ice Yeah, he doesn't have a clue on anything Yeah, the only thing he knows is when and where he's gonna take showers with the players at he once Equipped yeah, and it's pretty clear for me. Yeah, yeah, I have a couple things to say about that Almost thing Yeah, it's a shame you didn't do anything bad last night cuz he didn't play yeah, of course Garth and I We got some other it's but there's no excuse for for sitting back in the third period two days ago Yeah, there's no excuse Well, how is it that the coach had a press conference yesterday? He said that the officiating had nothing to do with losing the game the other night that it had to do with the fact that they went into a coma The third period had only three shots including only one in the last 16 minutes and they sat back and then try to protect that one We'll eat and blew it with 19 seconds left. How come he said that and and everybody else including the general manager is on there Like belly aching and moaning and carrying on and pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop You know you gotta get over it man. You gotta get over it. Oh, I'm alive Who can't use like cries? They're crying and crying and so very sad thing to me. It's a very sad thing to me And I'm a season ticket holder. I'm sorry. I'm being there tomorrow night. I won't even my tickets away today It's matter fact that my parking pass for tomorrow night because we had a choice. I had a dilemma Right and Rimmer made it up for me I went a post game show started and he came on here and made my comment made his I'm not all gone for bid made his comment about the reason that they Of course is because they emotionally were so a distraught and they couldn't get the rack back together after I get in rob the night before at that point I picked up the phone I got on the phone with the airline and said we're going away for the weekend and I'm gonna give away those Not not because they're losing but I just I am tired. I need to arrest from the ambiance of this whole cry baby syndrome Man, I'm gonna tell you nobody wanted them to win more than I did tonight to go and let me say it again But that was you know you can debate that pro-ricon I still think it was the proper call you can debate it forever But when you blow the game for the umpteenth time with 19 seconds left and you see here like I did yesterday Listen the four hours of people crying and whining and then here we're to get the last night and here it is again in the paper today Yesterday yesterday they weren't there was almost nothing in here in a son sent him about it now We got a whole big page with a headline the players are still upset. Where is it? Oh, yeah Panthers still upset over this allowed goal. Here's a whole practically page Then of course in little predicos on a ranger's upset because Bill Berg got slewfooted there by Croc-cork Muller and broke his ankle But we don't care about that anymore than we care about Chris Wells Boston messiest chin wide open and openly called on that I mean this it's gotten to the point now where the now I'm beginning to understand I don't begin and now I do Understand absolutely why the fans here don't have a clue While every time a guy gets somebody give a great body check hit one of our guys back into the boards great play and the crowd He was yelling hey, ref you suck in her screaming for a penalty because they've been conditioned to broadcasters the management The people associated with that team It's become a cry baby thing where become a bunch of winers and Like I said it's it's so in contrast to the whole character or what this team accomplished last year And away this town was behind them and ensues that involved it's very sad It's very sad to me because character and guts and balls is what we kept talking about all your long last year And the last few months that I do mean few months like maybe since December We haven't seen too much of that here's a team that hasn't won what do they want two games underroads since January This is the end of April two games under road Can't win on a road guess what you're not gonna go too far into playoffs because you can't play all the games at home Can't win a game on a road can't protect the lead late in the game And they're on their last night I mean just on and on and on and on from the pregame with Ned Smith with his one eye and Randy Molar and they're crying and then Remoen Denise they're crying tomorrow and Brian Murray's on here and he's crying and then after the game I'm hearing this crying because oh, yeah I don't hear anybody talking about the fact that Eddie couldn't He couldn't play little league right now. He couldn't play for the Windsor spitfires the way he's playing They'd still stick his big fat ass on a bench I mean don't take it away from Gratsky as much as I hate him You know that's when the stars come through just like Mary O' Last night a minute to go there were head three to one again It's in the bag already and he scores on a break away a brilliant goal and probably his last game ever in Pittsburgh I mean the big stars the great players they shine at the right moment believe me And Gratsky just these guys were standing around watching them there. They were like mesmerized like oh, here He goes again. There's another move. Oh, it's in the net too bad too late and People are crying. Oh, it's the referees fault. I'm serious man. It makes me want a puke. It makes me want a barf The tremendous turnaround that we've seen in one year and you know something most of it goes back I don't want to go into it. You know when it goes back to if you've got a brain You know when it goes back to we're gonna convince you We're gonna be about your hard asses and we're gonna convince you that worth the geniuses We know everything and everything we do is right whether that fat slob on a radio agrees or not or anybody else So there you go Jeff Nudonix says radio ratings bounce like yo-yo There's a picture of Howard again Howard really is a publicity okay Jeff Lovely picture though But at any rate, yeah, the ratings really we had a bomb on this station make no mistake about that We had lob bomba. I mean gigantic lob bomba Although somehow this show we were still number one and men from ten to two I'd say we did about an eight five Which most people would kill for that and if you took out that one bad month to February Where nobody could find a diaries and when I was ready to walk out of here We would have done okay But hey life goes on you know what I'm saying we'll have to fumble our way through some way some way somehow So we'll take names today by the way George and And in one to two hour we'll love Sabrina can face you gonna be here the whole time. Of course she is cuz she's not driving home She not today. Oh tomorrow So she can pick the name out of the hat that'll be very exciting We'll pick a winner give away the tickets and the parking pass you come here pick it up and watch right there in 106 you can fill the asses in those seats with all the great company. You'll have in 106 You'll be able to sit right there and look up behind you to your right and there'll be rimmer and Denise into the tongues It'll be like bap bap bap bap bap bap all over the place Man, oh man just cry and wine and carry on you gotta go out there and get to job done You know what I'm saying you gotta go out there and play the game you can't keep crying forever doesn't get the job done Doesn't win ball games hockey games domino games It doesn't win pinuckle tournaments you can't just sit around and cry Can it We like what Tell us and say Only just so No one needs to headlines quite like We love the wait When the rain is bright when you say that this place needs a giant and he nor lets close up Can't stop, can't stop, can't stop, same it's not too beautiful Can't stop, can't stop, that you're really still Henry And if the genesis says you don't like, you can't even get a light Cos no one beats the light, light, light, light, light, light, light, light Can't stop, can't stop, can't stop And 20W IOD, here's the lady mobile in West Palm Beach, hello Hi Neil, yes man What is this? Stropkick grammar, you don't need a guy like that Don't need a guy like that as a friend, you know, you consider the guy a friend I separate business from personal I don't think I could do that, now it's not always a crap He can't do it, but I try to do it What does this crap mean? I mean, I just sick of it, I don't know Yes, well then When you think I'm talking about it, I talked about it yesterday, I'm talking about it again Today I'm sick and tired of the company line show crap These guys we play three playoff games so far, or four of mom's story And now one of them have to go out there and play the real game We haven't seen any playoff caliber play from this team so far Even again that we won at first game was nothing to write home about I totally agree with you, I don't know if I could be friends with the guy I mean, how do you have a series camera? You know what I'm talking about? Now you're going to tell me who my friends are going to be Is that it? No, I'm not telling you to be friends with them I'm questioning why you would want to be friends with this guy Don't you know anybody who's a good person except that in certain areas They tend to be full of crap, you don't know anybody like that You agree with all your friends and everything they say You can't separate business from personal You better go talk to Connie, okay, she'll straighten you out Now they will fear you We have an open line in date, 6222Wild One of the other townline, one triple eight And it's not just him, it was Denise the same thing And Brian Murray's on there, I thought he was going to break into tears there I thought he was absolutely going to break into tears on it And if you want to pre-game show I love John Demico though, and believe me, I'm never when it sticks up for the officials Because generally speaking, they really suck, especially in the NHL From Brian Burke and Demico and all of the referees And the lines have been most of them suck, their performance is usually pretty weak But get over it, let's move on with life And then to use as an excuse when a game is over We lost because we just couldn't emotionally get our act together From that horrible trauma that I've before Now which trauma we talking about, the fact that we got the goal taken away Or the fact we blew the lead with 19 seconds left again Like we did both games in Washington by the way Once with 10 seconds left and once with 48 seconds left And just do it over and over and over again There wasn't one word about that There was not one word spoken about that That was the umpteenth time that this team can't protect the lead And can't win a game on a road No conversation about that, it's just the same on and on I can't deal with it man I can't deal with it Here's a little Joey Uncle Meal Yes sir Did you have the unfortunate pleasure listening to the sports channel fellow cast yesterday Yes, I did Did you hear in the first quarter for first quarter I'm getting off my ears Did you hear when Doug Doug McLean said he was sorry he didn't play Chris Wells enough at night before Is that what he said? I did not hear that I didn't hear that He said he was he says that he apologizes for the fact that he made a coaching error And not playing Chris Wells and David Nemarowski more than I before He was an on factor in fact he played better two nights ago They did last night last night he was invisible I mean just useless as the day is long It's part again to this selling job They're going to pedal to you whether you want to buy it or not They're going to keep shoving this guy down your throat Whether you want to believe it or not That's why he looks like Jesus Same thing Would it that hit like the Chris Wells? I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know That's why he looks like Jesus Same thing Would it that hit like the Chris Wells? They're going to make you an offer you can't refuse like that Inquisition You're going to believe this guy is great no matter what the hell you know how how weak he looks You're going to sell it to him And it's just this hard ass attitude We have to sacrifice the whole season Because they made a bad deal and they refused to admit it and write down through the playoffs They're still trying to pedal us this bull crap Unreal Then you can't let me tell you Joey you can't make gold out of chicken crap Okay You can't do it I wish they could do it they can't do it Well, it shouldn't be no the countable like Randy's recording Nobody has asked him why did you decide to go out and do a belly flop No, or the nobody even talked about that Did you hear anybody bring that up on the telecast Why does anybody have the ball to ask him? I've been to me there too busy whining about the the call about the penalty Oh yeah And then yesterday For the same reason that nobody talked about the fact we blew to lead again with 19 seconds left in the game And we didn't play it all in the third period You've got to play 60 minutes during the regular season But if you don't want to do that during the playoffs Please believe me You've got to play 60 minutes not just a few minutes here in air And pretend you're going to win a game you can't do it No, and then more whining than he's yesterday When Robotie went to complain to the Gordon Murphy Yeah He's like oh what stop whining Right, right Yeah, okay the podcast we kettle purple Exactly I think that the night before they took a page out of Tom all the Doddies defense book And they played the pre-venty right exactly And it's right the only thing it does is it prevents you from winning the game They don't learn that the dolphins have been doing that for 20 years We hit a lead the fan thing goes on with the fan Yep I thought I had to say me Okay Joey Hey, yeah I'll keep your kid up We said we have an open line at day 62 2WYD We have one at Broward 767 9463 George will take some names and phone numbers down Anybody wants to apply an Otis It's not quite like it might have been if we would have won me You might have to explain it to these people that they don't need to call me That's talk to you Oh, that's right If you don't want to talk to me just think you're going to call George and register when my ticket I mean if you don't want to speak to me to try to get my tickets in my parking pass You really got some, well some gall man you got some balls baby As a matter of fact if they say the word free or tickets to me I hang up on them Do you really immediately Yeah Boy, did he have a lot of good spots What this thing is acting real Real sensitive today even the equipment is sensitive today It might break out in the tears Professor unusual for the equipment to be sensitive around here Yeah, right don't come in by the way how are everything's working fine just in joke Oh my god I just I need a rest I need a rest from this place I need a rest from this whole panther of business now And people they're going to be people out there say oh yeah Just because they're down 3 to 1 they're going to lose the series He's bailing out it's got nothing to do with that Has nothing to do with and proof of the pudding being I mean being a leaf span who were eliminated from the playoffs like three days after the season started I don't pay a lot on my teams, but they're just did this whole ambiance man. It leaves a bad taste in my post you can just you can smell it like 10 exactly 10 miles away you can feel it 610 WIO Admitions Is the first step I've brought my leader All right, here's the moment you've been waiting for all night gentlemen Let's give it up for our headliner Big dude Backman Woo Woo Woo Yeah Buddy Come on Come on Come on You are that bitch who says for you already guys Not that guy Yeah Yeah Let's give us some dollars Y'all in the work for nothing Give them up One here go for the one dollars right now Yeah, buddy How about that? How about what a young Republican's got up there laying face up on his name With a dollar between your teeth That's right There you go He's going down And down Yeah, buddy The worst That's the only He just He just Backman Dude So how does that work? It kind of snatched the dollar below out of your push It's 1032 a WIOD Here's Pembroke Pine Hello All right, it's Brian Murray What's up Neil? Yes sir Hey, another thing that you didn't mention Yeah What about in a third period when they spent We love you Powerplay Yeah I like that They kept looking They kept standing behind their own head Looking up at the clock making sure their time was running out of power Played on what that was all about That was not that before I want to kind of like how the sharks used to weather power play all in their own end Waiting to a good organized You can't score on a path Can't score in your own end Well, I mean you can stick it in your own net We've done that But yeah Fact number 23 did that first game Who? Yeah, I don't want to bring back bad memories Oh well, that's all I got Okay, can I can I register for the ticket? Absolutely sir Okay, thanks Hang on Number five Tell me better put away the crying kid though Okay, number five Whatever it is to his name on there Between about one o'clock We'll pick out a name And somebody will be able to go and enjoy the game tomorrow night And in peace and quiet hopefully Hopefully, I hope we don't have no assholes And 106 tomorrow night Because you're going to have some honored guests You won't have to contend with me Nope It was a choice between getting out of here for a weekend Or going there listening to all this crying and whining And belly aching and bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop You know you gotta go out there and get to job done You can't keep crying over spilled whatever was Here's Davey, hello Yeah Yes sir I don't know I'm destroyed after last night Member I use a day When you were talking about when you first got on the new station You would say it's not just a question of if it's a question of when Yes I'm beginning to feel that way Kind of like I leave any of it It's not a question of if it's a question of when Right Like when golf season for the Panthers is going to start Uh-huh And I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to pick maybe Anahe and Mara Phoenix and watch them You know pick the real undead dog Somebody who nobody would expect to get in the did Yeah How about Ottawa? Or Ottawa, it was playing well Look at those senators man over time last night They went one nothing what a game that was People think that low scoring games are boring But man that was some game phenomenal saves That shields kid playing great for buffalo And uh, tug nuts playing great for Ottawa But a phenomenal game A shield is a very good gold tender Yes he is But I just want to comment last night about last night's defense There was none Yeah, I can't complain about the defense because we didn't have any I don't remember if it was the second or third of Gretzki Patrick but he came in and wound up like he was going to let it fly Right He didn't like the angle so he kind of like Riddle around a little bit and said I think I'm going to over here And of course nobody went anywhere near him And how many times have he heard me say if you stand around and watch him He's going to just burn your ass and sure he did And you guys guys him Mario, Yager if you stand and watch the right Right Right All of a sudden they're gone And I was yelling where is the defense Jove of club gave another one up and he rode the pine most tonight Yeah, I'd like that third period again He sits the uh, sits the pine almost the whole third period And this is supposed to be our super start a fence But I've been telling people all year long Traidium while you can still get something form While award is still out people think he's a hot shot And now the word is out that he's a stiff man I mean he's just killing us This kid is killing us It's not just a question to have it a bad game All season long every time he's out there he's an impediment He's really isn't it? He's getting worse by the minute Now it's the same because the book is out Nobody's going to want him It's right I mean you know just like that Ron and Ron show man I mean when you get tired of it one night or whatever It is there you know they would better off getting another couple of months ago Well I don't know the big thing I want to pick on them But the best thing that we can hope for is the next year It's a vacant number 55 on the roster It's a vacant number 23 on the roster Okay, now that'll ever happen He's a star man They're going to jam him down your throat and take your gag it on it Like I said, quite, quite, quite good ducks Okay, see you Okay We have an open line at Broward Like the ducks by the way Ducks have a nice little team They got some balls they got guts They don't sit back and wine and cry 7679463 767Wildey There's an opening in Broward as we kind of find out What the story was last night We're trying to find out what the excuse was They stopped No, it had to be more than that There had to be an excuse Maybe the fact that the Gretzky scored 3 We only got 2 That might have been the reason that we lost Here's a mobile in Miami Hello Yes sir Hey Why go on figures? Yeah Do I want to go to Vegas? Yeah No Why are you going? Well, you know, you do You want to go out of town I was going to say what you're taking What you're taking How do you want to go out to date more? Yeah How do I want to ask you? What the heck is Rimmer talking about on a damn TV? It always asks, licking and kissing Chris, well that's... Yeah What's his problem? Well that he is He gets paid by the lick Oh Oh, I mean, does the panthers actually pay him? In fact, you know, this alligator arm Sting the Randy Motor came up with What happened is that, you know, he used to have normal length arms And when he went to work for the panther organization They did a skin graft And they took all of the skin that was like Where his arms used to be And they put that on the tongue So he can unroll his tongue now And it goes on the end of his toes And the arms are like, a little flapper's now Yeah Alligator arms Hey Which comes in handy for a number one Not reaching for the check And number two kissing a lot of ass The way that I think of own sports channel Yes Oh, so that's so easy There you go Now you're starting to understand Now the pieces of the puzzle are starting to Get into a get into shape Okay, I need or something behind that I was just wondering Yes sir But you didn't get my name on the list Of course, why not? I do a brilliant call like this, why not? Hang on Okay, live five again Live five seems to be the lucky line, eh 1038 at Wild here's Port St. Lucy, hello Good morning, Neil Buenos Tuia I just got done blowing chunks from that performance Uh huh So I don't want to get into that Do you know what's going on Yeah, I'm just thinking that song I'm going through my mind Listen, I haven't been able to listen I'll ask a couple months Because I'm now important to see I can't pick you up here Oh, the often Yeah Um, so it's a bit, bit, bit by bird You're going to five sixty Yeah The pack's and thing is way I can look at it Was just never a good from the start Disaster They've, they're destroying this place They're turning it into a parking lot And they got this consultant And this new PD who are basically the same person They're clones of each other And they both really, but they have this They think that you can make a formula Out of talk radio They have no concept of, you know, individual personalities They really believe that you can just have this Format and just plug in bodies You know, and do it, if you do the formatics right You're going to have a hit You're going to be a success And they're dreaming They have no concept of why this station has been successful What it's all about And they're burning it They're savaging it Neil, I really miss you And I hope somehow I can Can I get a short way of radio to listen to you here Or how can I do that? A short way radio, that'll look Get you a GE super radio, that might do it Yeah, I think it'll do it You know how this is right? No, I don't It's, I haven't popped you in a while, you know, recognize me? No I was firmly in board, playing beach I just wanted to say a mischief and I can't live Not Greg Yeah Oh, thank God he's gone Oh my god Oh, let's have a party, hallelujah We are now and I've cried anymore Let's sublow some horns and trumpets Oh my god Woo No, why do we have been feeling so good last few days? Huh? Ha ha ha ha ha ha Life is almost worth living again We have an open line in Broward So what's that, the Shlum from the video place to it I don't have his boyfriend around anymore 767 WOD and Browarders An opening there if he moved real fast to late Open line on a toll-free out of town line 1-tribulate, 4-7-4-9-4-6-3 1-tribulate, 4-7-4 WOD Greg has been banished to boint in beach All right, let's hear it Let's have a major freaking party over here Here's Knoxville a ledge Tillow Uncle Neil Yes sir Man, I've been jocing to hear you Here I am Well, Greg, you can get a computer Spend a couple of dollars and get a computer Cause that's where I'm listening to you You don't have a couple of dollars Yeah, well Oh man Sorry you're going to school up there, what? No man, I just escaped my any up here Oh congratulations to him Yeah, nobody oblires anything up here In fact, you remember the flood in the Bible, you know, 40 days and 40 nights I think we may have the same thing We're going to drown in a sea of crocodile tears From all these panther people Yeah Right Yeah We're drowning over here, man I don't know nothing about no panther thing We don't quite even get that up here Yeah, good for you You didn't miss a thing Yeah Can I have a... I don't know I guess it's too early to ask you for the tickets Yeah I don't think you want to come down from Knoxville Yeah Okay, pal, have a great day Hey, yeah Can I call somebody at douchebag? Go ahead Alright, can't blend in your douchebag And blend in your butt plug Okay Bye bye Ha ha ha Oh George is not in his head on the last part There we have an open line on the other top line The Palm Beach left the line The audio net line One Triple 8 Number 74 Walter Sabos reduced bag, there you go Man, did I sniff that whole deal Out they lied through their teeth And they gave me a song at a dance And always not gonna do this And he's not gonna do that And he doesn't believe in his cow Give me that poloni They believed that there's a formula The dick You can do what this station is done For the last eight years You can make a formula out of it And pedal it like a like jello Remember what happened in the last guy Say it a lot of jello Look what happened to that man Or was that yeah, what? I think Bill Cosby had his finger in it He could almost taste it Just make a formula Just plug in a bunch of bodies That doesn't make any difference who they are It doesn't make any difference if they really have anything to say Because if you just put on those top picks Like how I read out a quarter is trying to put up But they are parking meter I kept sticking quarters in there And the little thing wouldn't move Or about that gas cap Man every time I get gas now I'm like self conscious about my gas cap Not Ten four Yeah That's it Just let him plug in those hot topics You can get those peaks of 20 shares Look at his weak book we just had here man We need buddy bud and water Sabo to help us get those peaks of 20 shares With these hot topics man Is guys an expert Or some kind of pertvert Six ten WIOT Ten forty seven WIOT We just had a spy report Karen gay Aaron K. whatever name is last night Had a really original topic Do you pee? Do you wash your hands after you pee? God that's new in original Isn't that wonderful? Is that number 48 on the list this week Walter? Which one is that? And the rumor is she does not wash your hands after Time to read time And like I've said before with guys I mean if you're paying instrument is clean Why should you have to wash your hands I had one in my mouth one Here is Fort Lauderdale hello Hail Yes sir Oh God Send that guy some log Some log rolling Tickets Yeah Anyway the game Tuesday night What about just some logs sounds good Guys who is doing the game Clearly interference on Melody Yeah sure look like it to me Yeah I don't know what everybody's trying about You lose the game So he shoved Leach right into a Richter and spun him around like a Dreader and that's it I think you know you can argue that From now until you're 25 25 But to use that as an excuse for why We lost my see a team that's got real character Okay if they are so pissed off And they feel that they've been robbed You come out the next night And you beat the crap out of these guys Because we kept hearing that all we had to do Was show up last night And the Rangers are old And it's back to back games Randy Molker kept talking on that thing a million times And all we got to do is just show up with our uniforms on Turn up our skates on And we're going to kick their ass Because they're old and they're tired And back to back night So we got that second game all locked up So what happened Last night Not only did we come back looking for a Look at looking for blood But they kicked out in the old man Kicked our ass Right, needle nose Hey last night though Third period The final Patrick goal Did you see Joe van Aoske He was standing right in front of Greci He was just he wanted to bring around He turned sideways Yeah He didn't even attempt to try to block that This kid is lost He needs a road map and a compass He needs a one way ticket back to Windsor on Terrier He does We need some more swelus and some Strock is out there And he's right Strock is done The coaches take it away He's made him into a head case He's useless out there What do you think You know you put that much pressure on somebody That if you don't screw I'm going to sit you right down the bench And I don't believe you're a player anyway But you know you might forget about it Just send him home Set him back to Czechoslovakia Because he's destroyed him Nail enjoy your move Enjoy your week and then I'm not in chat with him So I should take around for the ticket Sure and no problem Hold on line six put him on it Don't be apologetic We'll stick your name on L.S. I mean you probably won't get him But you never know Maybe we'll send you a big bright yellow light Hello Okay, I got one of those in the mail again yesterday Last week or two weeks ago It was the big orange envelope From those go in there in California If I had a dollar for every piece of junk mail I'd get every day I could be taric I could just go home and sit around Wait for the postal thing to show up Just pounds and pounds And tons of crap Almost all of it is fraudulent Almost all of it is bull crap And your federal government That's so concerned about everything else Whether we say crap on here They don't care what kind of garbage they send you to mail As long as there's no name It could picture in or by the way Here's Pemberg Pines, hello Hey Neil Yes sir First of all the porters are out hot and heavy with the radar Really? On a fine pool of our between you and the first day Great Very light So all the nearly people out for that one 24th of April must be something significant about it Yeah, I need a few bucks Yeah, I must be it And number two the pants has got much to 400 But if they don't do something drastically different We're going to be watching other teams play in the playoffs Yeah Because it's still got a shot Just because they don't three one I mean it's a very very tough thing now Especially since they're going to have to win some games on a road But yeah, it's tough short of come back from that now But I think I just can't deal with the crying man I can't deal with it I can't stand it I don't want to be around it I'm hoping that they can overcome that And they can grow up And be like they used to be But I don't know Well crying is not going to be anything That's the team Right Number one, number two If Doug McClellan would start playing the right combination He's again he give the guys a scoring a chance And stop putting these assholes that aren't doing anything out there Maybe just maybe we can come back to this Well just remember he's selling us Chris Wells Just remember that and don't ever forget it He's going to sell him to us whether we believe it or not Nobody wants them Well too bad Can I get in the list? Sure Thanks Flying four We have an open line Any other top line One Triple 84749 There's Mario Minute to go Break away and a crowd went nuts They went ape shot there in Pittsburgh There he is Kissing the crowd He knows it's all over They want a game Oh there's Mario right there in the locker room Afterward What a guy What a guy there's a guy No crying No BS No bull crap All class Maybe all class A hundred and twenty percent class All the way around No excuses No baloney We have an open line of Broward 7679463777WIOD We're selling We're selling tears by the ounce today We're going to package you We're selling liquid tears And we're going to send them to everybody We're going to release them this weekend Have a gigantic flood Even Noah would be embarrassed Oh there it is again There's needle load Oh here he comes again Two on one Another one sitting in it And here he comes again Oh he didn't like that Hang on Take that shot Another one in the net Needle nose baby Hat trick As we stood around There wasn't anybody near him On any one of those three shots There wasn't he could have stopped and written a letter home He could have written a letter to the on cherry And then picked up his stick again Sit all by the way I just stuck it in there again There's another There's three Man, oh man How embarrassing But we're too busy Oh belly it can that's the problem Too busy crying Too busy Whaaaaaa That's right That's the problem Here's candle Hello Hey Neil, I'm not calling to a circle I'm sorry Dick for you Excellent I got it like two or so I know you get enough of that Now I got to FIE when I have a fine time I've had fun on the weekend Yes sir I couldn't even see the game last night But it sounds like I'll believe me you've made a smart choice Well I don't know it was a pretty sick final But it's an I graduate today And I am moving to Washington DC Really I'm going to thank you for all the All the memories and memories I've been listening to you for about 12 years now All right And I'll try to catch up with you on the internet But I'm going to miss here And you've made a lot of all this crap That I hear about and the news and everything A bit easy to take you Very good perspective on things Yes I do Now you do for real And I know And you know Stuff like the OJ You've got to go on that Complete BS that was And you told it like it was And about everything Right Well listen best of luck pal All right take care man Good luck later See ya I do like that We're losing another young living in Breathing person we can't afford to do that And who the hell says this last Writing book was anglo's I mean don't we have anglo's isn't that like most of our audience Plus a few spics I mean what is that? Well that's what it says in here Jeff Nudonix analization I mean I want to five and Jam is jam in it Last time I checked those were still your Ethics stations okay Just the fact that we got a bunch of Vogue's diaries for love 94 And life I mean does that prove something And then of course they quote the Great ratings expert Rhana Wolfe who says It's just who gets the books and returns them It's the diaries No kidding sweetheart Very good She is right man I'm telling you she is a sharp as a Montzabal I Rhana Wolfe I'm really gonna what I leave her I'm gonna miss those days when they have The big corporate meetings up front here Like I'm under your Tuesday Whatever morning it was And she'd be up there and come out to get a Freak up a coffee in the kitchen And I'd come walk it in the morning She'd look me right in the eyes I'm gonna tell her here Yeah I missed those emotional moments with Rhana Here's Miami on a mobile hello Hey what's up there? Are you doing sir? All right buddy I must agree with you if they don't give up that Gold 19 seconds to go there's nothing else to talk about That's right Then we're in the driver's seat man You know then at least worst That happens we're tied to a piece now I don't know how many times that happened to us this year But for some reason 400 We expect a beager to be a wall back there Yeah and you know he I guess he panicked and said If I don't jump on it Yeah he did panic he didn't trust his defense They were scrambling all around They were running around frantic and he did panic a little bit And he said I got to take matters in my own hands He took the calculated risk I'm gonna dive out and grab it And if I don't get it I got a real problem here Because I'm not in position to stop the buck And he did not get it it scored it loose And Messier stuck it over to the robertine He stuck it right in the open net He did not compensate him He did not compensate him at defense Because they can't keep guys away from him Yeah Everybody they're swarming all over him They're taking shot after shot How many times did he freeze the buck And it's third period like 20 times Yeah You know it's just too much We're not doing it man This hasn't been the same team We didn't have you know three real nice games in a row They were against jersey and against Pittsburgh And the first game in this series But three games doesn't make a season And if you look back on like from like I said Thecember right on true And of course we only won two games on a road From January right up to this moment It's just not the same Yeah, yeah There's something missing there. There's several ingredients missing But I don't want to do all of what they might be I would I would wonder when the last time we had the three game winning streak was also Yeah That gives you a lot of confidence going to Friday nights games Yeah Well Neil, that's all I have to say If you don't mind put me on that list I don't mind sir Because this is America God dammit Hang on line 13 on a mobile They're put that goofball on there Put his put something on there Yep, that's right I'm not going to Marana course sir There are a lot of people out there Oh yeah, he's jumping off the band But no I'm not not jumping off or I wasn't and never on a bandwagon I don't buy these season tickets because I'm a bandwagon jumper But there just comes a time when people just turn you off And you say sorry I just I need to rest I need to clear the cobwebs out of my brain I've heard enough bull crap in the last 48 hours To last 50 lifetimes man Start coping with reality And stop sugar coating and BS and manage It just kills me It kills me You watch guys play and then you listen to some of these Tuckers liakers out there Oh yeah, he played a real great game he did I mean what game were you watching You know why why not why just not say anything at all Wouldn't that be better some nights as opposed to when Some nights like when Eddie is coughing it up 55 times And in the first period the matches uniform number I mean why just don't even mention it If you're terrified that you might say something negative And Wayne might get pissed off But all these broadcasters and all the all the emorals there The general manager and this one and that one They're all just it's very sad We had one gigantic wonderful marvelous spectacular year last year And now all of a sudden it's like a wow we can't do anything wrong Somebody's out to get us 1058 a WIOD here's something that won't be wrong Pick up the phone and call hide-run technologies at their toll free number And they'll send you absolutely free there Great catalog of skincare products for both men and women and a free sample too Let me say it again FRE the way we all like it what's wrong with free the best things in life are free That's what the song said even the cockabon is free is now what it says and that's song That's right the best things in life are free damn it So pick up the phone right now and call one one eight hundred four hide-run And they'll send you the catalog in the sample and if you don't think you need the skincare products Everybody needs it for something you got to you know what I'm saying everybody's got someplace to got a smear it For example if you place sports mental ice from hide- It's part of the day Nationality you have a brand new silage We love the way you fought your doom With the way free on your chest and with the sweetest ideas that make me go to a real We're going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who owns the place. 11910 it's on a YOD. Here's Halodale. Hello. Yes. Good to hear me? Yes sir. What's going on? Not much. What's the subject? What's the subject? The home to one I forgot. Parking meters. Parking meters. Yeah. What about the lady you would go around putting quarters in everybody's meters? You get the rest of that jail and she gets the rest of her at right. What's up with that? I think it's a communist plot. I think Castro is behind it. That's the whole difference that they're going to want to go in there. Do you want to watch his lately? Not lately. Do you want any good ones lately? I thought about it. Wash your hands after you take a leak. Have a chance I get. Okay. Anything else? Yeah. My sister wants to call somebody a douchebag. Okay. Good. Tell her to go right ahead. We have an open line in Broward 767-463-767-WIOD. That was great. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. How are you doing? Come on. Good. Come on. Hi. Did you see the play where Grisky was the second or third goal? I saw him all. I think it was the third one where he burnt Joe and Oskie. Yeah. And then Joe and Oskie tried to get back. But instead of blocking his view, Joe and Oskie got of his way. Yeah. The shot that you did. Yeah. Here on Gomez to Grisky, I always de-forated my elders. And then another thing I noticed, you noticed like in the last five or six minutes, the panters would get to the blue line and then dump the puck instead of trying to force their way in there or create something. I noticed at one time when Strocco was flying down the left wing and shepherd like with Broward to the blue line and then kind of like stopped and put Marty offside. And then Denise came on and very accurately said that you can't slow down. You have to keep the flow of the play going and a ray made him a stake on a play. And then my good friend, Rimmer comes on and says, because naturally, you know, if you rip Strocco, that's the appropriate thing to do. Oh, no, well, if Marty would have just not passed the puck to shepherd and brought it in himself, that would have been the right thing to do. And there was this long pregnant pause like even Denise was stayed to himself. What? What are you talking about, man? And there's one other thing that's driving me nuts. Just it's just an assucking fest is what this whole thing has become man. It's very distasteful. Have you noticed that every night works here? Kirk Muller makes a shot. Yeah. That it's nowhere near the goal. Yeah, well, I mean, if we said he'd get a lot of shots, we didn't say that they'd necessarily be near the net. He kept hitting that double with sign. Yeah. Well, maybe he can relate to it. That's right. Maybe he was trying to give us a message there. Maybe he needed a little relief. And there's one more thing. I want to wonder if he washes his hands afterward. Anyway, yes, I want to thank you personally for getting me into hockey. Those guys from Kingston on Tariah, they know wash their hands after they take a leak. Even just ask Don Cherry. Even my wife is into it. Great. She's never like sports. And hockey too. She's up. Yeah. Yes, you can. That's one say thanks. And can I get him to this? That's why you said. Okay, great one. Line 12 put him on there. I'm a psychic man. How did I know well as wife is into what in the game to say they want to go? Why the hell not? Great seats, by the way. Even if there are a few assholes sitting at section, where are you going to go? We're going to sit in any arena in this town or any ballpark and not have a few assholes around. Just ignore and put on your blinders and your blinkers and your ear plugs and have a great time and don't need too much of that food. It'll kill you. Bad food and that arena boy. That except for the nuts. Oh man, they got great nuts. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Come on, sir. Yes, sir. Did you didn't get anything with my playing last night, did you? I did tape the game. Or you did. But I didn't bring it in. Okay, want if it'll make you happy. I'll bring something tomorrow. You know what pisses me off? Because you can only. I mean, I got two satellite. There's a handicap. I got two VCRs. So I'm tape it. Our game, of course, depends. I mean, their game, the Panthers. And I'm tape in the Penguin game with the Philadelphia. But then late in the game, I turned over because Buffalo and Ottawa playing an incredible game in rich generates going a shot. And I turned that game on and it ends and they go into overtime. Now I flip back to Mike Lang and Mario had just scored on a break away. So I missed it. I missed it. It's just frosted my ass because the crowd at this point is going crazy. I don't know. I must have been a great call. It was incredible. That's why I thought Mike Lang, I mean, he must have been choking back to your last night because you couldn't get a better finish. Right. He gets the break away. I saw the replay. They showed a replay, but I didn't get the call, which is very depressed. To see it, why I knew what it just been incredible. I know. Mike Lang had a lot of nice things. How did you like the way Mario stuck at right juice those legs there? He's had saw that opening and he stuck at right in there. You can't get any. I mean, you talk 110, 120 percent class that's 200 percent. Right. It's a real shame, but you looked at his wife and she's got the little baby in her hands and you look at the man and if he's playing in that much pain and everything else, you got to say go for it. Just go home and spend your days just being happy. That's right. You know, he doesn't need to take any more cheap shots or anything. That's right. You got it. And he has nothing left to prove. You don't want to say he's got a big box. He has nothing left to prove. He can go away with happily ever after. Well, Mr. But more power to it. At least we got the chance to see somebody like that. I didn't think would say God bless him. You got it. And the other thing I wanted to laugh at was Chris Mori after day around one third. I'm laughing already. Chris Mori, he said that he had a talk with a primary and primary came on and said, you know, I've talked to Doug and Doug is pretty well over it. And Doug has assured me that the young kids now are going to step up and really come out and show us what we're made of and I'm thinking, oh boy, what a shame. Doug. Well, I'm a Robski played good. He got a nice school there. And Robbie continued playing great. He got a beautiful goal. But other than that, other than that, other than that, everybody was in a coma. You got it. You got it. Everybody was in a coma. I'd love to go to more and I knew. Okay, hang on. Thank you. Line six. This guy wants to go. Everybody wants to go. You know what I'm saying? If you want to go, it's a free country. Oh my god, the young kids are going to step up and we're going to win. They're all we had to do is show up. That's what I kept here and see anybody. Anybody can spew bull crap. That doesn't take any talent whatsoever. You don't win sporting events. You don't win presidential elections. You don't win Miss Universe just by showing up. You know what I'm saying? Just by talking a good game. You got to go out there and do it. You got to execute. And quite frankly, Eddie ought to be executed. In fact, here's a great fact. It's got the Eddie down the side. Every defensive disaster incredibly executed. Eddie, I score on thank you so much, Eric. Eddie, Eddie. The crowd, they're like foaming it to my friend. You're right there. They love him. Eddie, Eddie. Go home, Eddie. Go back to wins. You're man. We'll pack you salami sandwich. You're a good guy. It's not personal. See, Eddie can separate the personal from the, he can do that. Kenny, you can't. Because I know Rimmer can't do it. Very like that woman said before. It's hard. It's very hard being friends. I mean, like Rimmer's wife, Ferrell and I would get along great. She's wonderful. She's one of the nicest people you ever want to meet. He went at big ring that he bought her. But, but Rimmer, it's like separating business from personal. You can't do it because he's so involved at such an integral part of his existence. This Brian Murray, Doug McLean, the Wayne, the whole thing. You know, it's you've got to put it over in a compartment and he can't do it. He takes it personal. This is business and he takes it personal. Remember the day it's, I long did it take me to get him to finally say, you know what I'm saying? It took me like a half an hour to get to squeeze those words out of his place. They stuck exactly. And he, and you know, something life is still going on. My fist still though, the world is still spinning around, even though he said they stuck. 11 27 to Wiod. If your carpet stink, well, I mean, you know, seriously, sometimes your carpets are so filthy that they not really look bad. They smell bad, Oive, I mean, that's pretty embarrassing. Ain't it? I can relate to it, though, because I got a little dog that likes to, uh, and I'm going to do it. No, no, he does. Squared, scoring every now and then when he least expected. So if your carpets need to be clean, there are a whole bunch of things you can do. You can open up the L.O. pages and have an axiom order coming to your home and maybe you'll kill a few people. Or you can go to the super market and slap home a bunch of heavy equipment and pretend you know what you're doing and make a mess and smear it all over and get a hernia dragging equipment. Or you can do the smart thing like I do once a year and call the experts the best in the universe that dry concepts. It'll be one of the most pleasant experiences you've had in your life. I guarantee it. They give you a written guaranteed price upfront. They do a super job of dry cleaning your carpets getting them squeaky clean. They look like brand new. They apply a disinfectant while they're doing the job. So your carpets are my lemony fresh. They give you nice little rows when you get done. No hat at ons. No, BS, no games, no tackons because like I said, the guarantee of the price before they touch anything even your carpets. And when they get done, you look around that you're in a basement. You say, it looks like I got brand new carpeting installed wall the wall. Even if you don't have all the wall carpeting, that's how good it looks. So pick up the phone to call them today. Dry concepts in date call 930 36 36 and Broward 5A14739 and a West Palm Beach 930 4739. By the way, George, one of the high school folks to God guys coming in. 610 WIOT. I already have a homosexual relationship with Leo. So I might as well have one with you too. Ready, old goods, take take. This is cut number one. Secretation man. Version number two because George didn't like the original one. Second version. Secretation. Oh, I like it. The Spaniards are made in the streets, the land of survival. Rises are to be American soil. Yes, the days... years... Oh, everyone's bowed,, wearing Studios cars comes tomorrow. Occurs attention men. You will suck them,anna. You will certainly you back again. Oh, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha It can't understand how many times when good ending important to get it on me so it is such a same already in our situation of pus at a military because it is bad and we are dealing with these times, but com the specialist and  to join the report COVID vaccine en in Korea after many years or we will be received now this time okay? Did I have a hallucinary event? Or did I hear my stupid laughing during that last? That last? It's this possible? Well, I did look ahead on the George said, look who's next on the list. Right, I thought I put something in there for you. Well, it's just sports talk. Yes it is. Okay, cos I sport. Well, nobody else is doing on this station anymore. I'm as well, do it. Well, a sports question came up, and I didn't know where else to call. Here he carries the answer. That's always. Wait, you didn't just say that. Did you? How are you doing? Well, that moved to the new station. Yes. Very good. All right. Oh, well, I didn't understand the phrasing of the question. Will that move to, of course. Okay. Are you doubting that I'm going to keep your legacy alive? Why didn't? But I just want to be sure. Absolutely. In fact, we're going to be having brand new studios in there, over by power 96, and I'm not going to have to work in that toilet, where they're all festering right now. Oh, I wondered about that. Yeah, thank goodness for that. Well, you know, the spirit of Johnny Dolan's in that building. In the one that's there now. Yeah. That's why I'm not going there. Like, I'm not crazy. I think that there's more spirits than just his tube on. And the big house spirit. Right. We don't want to get into that. Yeah. And 20 foxes working there on kiss two by the way. Here we know it. Every now and then. Yeah, he's doing some stuff at K. Wow. Exactly. Next thing you know Greg, beautiful will be. And Tom Cox is doing some stuff over there too. Like what? Like that. Yeah. In 1963. Yes. Roger Maris led the major leagues in home runs. He did. Now in 1961. Well, your, your, your, your, your reality is interfering with the joke. Okay. Okay. Now in that same year, 63. Who got hit in the head? With the most ball. Oh, you can't believe you're asking me this question. Steve Stone. Ha ha ha ha. That works fine. That is, that you know how old that is. Well, my answer was liberal. I mean, I know I know you're a little isolated up there in Lakeland. I know that joke just got there after like 25 years. But that's, that's the answer used to be rock Hudson. But Steve's I will do. And he. A lot more. Yeah, that wasn't bad. All kinds of things were. Yeah, I was going to say, uh, what's his name? The guy out in a, for what was the guy on it, uh, awful show with a cops. Erica Strada. That's why I was going to say. Oh, but only you would understand that. Well, I understand that. Great. Yeah. Well, that's going on up there. Lakeland Pete Bulger tells me that you are dying to come up here and do mid days on his station. Ha ha ha ha. It's what he told me a couple of weeks ago. Said he had a phone call from you and you're just desperate to come up here and do this show. Rose Paul to your. Yeah. Set those words to you. Pretty much like that. Yeah. Well, no. No. Everything's very quiet. Everything's happy up here. Yeah. Buddy bud, you know, it's presence is up here just like everywhere else. Does he, but he's selling pubics or coney is there too? Oh, sure. Uh-huh. So everything's fine. And somebody just sent me some newspaper clipping last week. So I just thought it'd call up and congratulate you. Thank you. And, uh, I would tell you when I'm going over there. But I wish I knew you'd want to say. Uh-huh. All I could tell you is that my last day on WOD working for these aborting and Christians will be, uh, no later than September 30th of this year. Hopefully earlier, but I have my doubts. Okay. All right. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And, uh, you're going to do mid days over there? Yeah. Same thing. Same show. Not a sports show by the way. Just a same show. Well, I don't know. I don't know. Well, that's why it's a sports station. Right. So I thought it would fit right in. But where's Rush Bingbong going? Well, he's already on wins. You haven't caught up with the times. Well, they've got the, uh, fabulous sports bitch on here from Tandonoon. Oh, no. That's the, pronounced the flat and went. The flat and sports bitch. Right. She's, uh, she's cutting them over there. And they got, uh, like kind of a make-believe show from noon to three because they just been biting time to lie with go over there, I guess. Uh-huh. Okay. So it'll be great. All right. If the only thing has a little bit of a concern that I won't leave any food for them, but, uh, you know, me, I can have enough food for everybody. Well, that is a concern. Yeah, we have plenty of practice with that. Is it matter-fact pony tail is going to be here today? Uh-huh. I haven't bring some of droppings for you. Yeah. So how's everything? Okay? Oh, yeah. Everything's okay. Do you want all right? Yeah. Great. Yeah. Bob and Cheryl were over here to say hi. Not too long ago. In fact, uh, on the Friday that's a story that I was leaving IOD hit the papers. The entire old cox staff came over here because they, that happened to be hard at day. Whatever it hard at day is. Seriously, that was hard at, you know, the Y100 building right up to street here for us. Sure. Well, they were visiting what's going to be their new, uh, Yeah, it's my birthday. Right. So they came over here. Everybody was here. Tim, uh, being was here and, uh, Mitch Ween and, uh, all bunch of going. They were all here. Yeah. It was great. Well, Cheryl was here kissing me all over the place. It was, uh, like I said. So the new building is going to be there by power 96. Well, the studio's going to be in that building. Oh, is it? Right. Brand new studios. Yeah. And then you have this spirit of Don Cox. Yeah. Yeah. So it all worked out. I think I smelled it. Yeah. I will draw by. Yeah. It's like the, the great part of it is it's like about 207 to 441. So it's very close to the north-aid passion building. So on my way to work every morning, I hear a stop by and say hi to Ronald Wolf. Yeah, which is the old clubs 94. Right. I can stop and wave to Ron and say, Puck to you, you know. Yes. Right. Well, that's where Rolls told you. That's where he hangs out. Yeah. Well, I thought every time Ron would come in this building in last six months, I walk out in the hallway and look at her and she'd say, I got hell of you. I mean, you know, we have a real tight relationship. There's nothing like it. Oh. Yeah. Exactly. Oh, glad I called. I'm a delighted that you called because I feel like I'm being led out on an Alcatraz off death row. It's great. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you're enjoying your satellite dish. Oh, yes. We weren't on the air. We could talk satellite talk for a couple of hours. Oh, we can still do that. These, these people are way too. I don't wait forever. The waitin' for Frihaki tickets. No way. Yeah. Right. You know how that works? Yeah. Yeah. I can tell you. I'm really, I'm kind of glad. No, I am glad I got the big dish instead of the mini. Yeah. You can tell me I'm doing so. I have to have two separate dishes. Well, you can see more. I'm going to get in the place. On the little dish. You get to watch those, those anchors, you know, on the big dish. Yeah. Right. Doing their anchors, yeah. But I'm really, you know what? I've really found a really, uh, enjoying on the dish as the west coast feed. This boy, those people are in another world out there. Yeah. They really are. Aren't they? They're, I've tried it during the OJ thing. Boy, those west coast feeds were really something. Well, for about a week, a couple of months ago, I would tune in, you know, a KNBC six o'clock. Right. These anchors would come on here. You know, everything going on the world. They would come on there. They're, they're a fiber clock there. And they did, but now the lead story. And they would come on and say, Hey, there's Taylor. It's still in the hospital. Right. My God. Well, you better get your priority straight, not Mr. Yeah. Just don't know where it's at. Those people, they don't, they're amazing. Yeah. That's what the Phil Henry tells me. Yep. I thought, how kinds of things like that. Phil was in town for a couple of days, but unfortunately, we didn't, uh, didn't get to touch base. I called him. We woke him up out of a sound sleep on Friday morning and talked to him. Amazing. And his luck would have it. He was coming to the town. He asked, uh, Monday and two days a week, but only to do the depositions and the Brian Cox lawsuit. So we didn't have a chance to ask them. What did Brian tell you? And he said, so much. And that was basically it. So you don't know what was going to be. Or does it a building without Johnny dark around? You're alright. Yeah. We're still surviving. Okay. As a matter of fact, there's more food for everybody now. He works out real well. He was over here that day too, by the way. Is he still wearing the same type of shirt? He still wearing that same one. Yeah. Did he have any vanilla ice cream with him? He's on his shirt. Yeah. He worked on this for all time people. He only let people come in who were there, were there heart on their sleeve and their meal on their, uh, that's why fat rich was here a couple of days ago too. Oh, what tell him how when you see him? I'll do it. Yeah. Alright. Well, I'll let you get back to the, uh, meaning with some pointless. Hey, that's it. So grinding out a few bucks. You got it. Yeah. Take care of yourself. Good to talk to you. Good hearing from you. Bye-bye. There's the bird, Glen Hill. Somebody just called me forward said, uh, some grotesque. It must be a psychic vibration. I don't know what to think. Anyway, we have an open line. That killed some good time and these people are saying, damn, what did he do? Took like five minutes, we're waiting and waiting. Here's the lady in Hollywood. I'm sorry. Hello. Hey, bonjour. Bonjour. No, come on. Say, Nathanie, do. Uh, co-cy-co-cy. Uh, no. No. I have a question before I asked to be put on the list. See. I had the unfortunate, uh, well, unfortunate experience of listening to the last couple of games on the radio. Oh, I should be here. Yeah. Uh, not to the other side. Anyway, unless they were commenting, molar and more were commenting about how aftercretske, uh, this is hat trick deal, but the other players and the Rangers were not as forthcoming with the congratulations. We're sort of like acting like they were pissed off or jealous or something, but not being able to see the game. I was wondering what your take did you notice that? No, I did not. I didn't see any of that. Uh, seems to me that they were ecstatic that they were aboliant and that they were foaming at the mouth because they were winning the game. Isn't that funny how people see things different? I don't know where they came up with that. I mean, I know that there's no love loss between Gretzke and Robotide to hate each other like poison, but, uh, whatever it is, I make. Well, it doesn't make any. They won the game, right? That's right. So they didn't pay to go out there and play the game. Huh? Somebody asked the score. Somebody's got a stick in there. That's right. Okay. Well, um, I'm, um, I'm, um, shamelessly going to be asked to put a single list as I haven't been to a game at all this year. Okay. And I would love to, um, see the game, at least any game before the season's up, which will be Friday, weren't it? That's your well. Well, could be. I hope not. Okay. Sube-toe. Okay. Hold on. Yeah. Right. What put around her right away. It's lying for. Open line on the out of town. I want Triple 8. For some, I don't mean right away whenever you get around. But I just wanted to show I know one more word in the title. And Sube-toe. I love it. Well, I'm just, I'm just, wanted in here saying, Hey, what format we run in today? So our topic today is, uh, do you wash it off before you or use it? That's the topic. He was talking about that as well right afterwards. As well as well. Do you know how that thing has been pounded in the ground if I can use that expression? I mean, come, score, score it on. God. You know, I'm not going to say, why should I say, why do I care? Do I really care? Well, not really. 1144, WOD, who needs bulls? Speaking of that, we don't need any more bull. There's bull. You can smell it. You can see it. You can smell it. You can cut it with a butter knife. University Dodge knows that you don't want any more bull in your life. That's why they offer you the no bull dealer with no bull prices. I'm getting so comfortable here. I feel like just taking off my shoe. Taking off my shoes and laying back. That's right. University Dodge is a family owned and operated dealer. They've been around for 10 years. You can kind of mend and ride you with the best service and the best deals. No bull dealer with no bull prices means they won't steer you wrong. No bomb is steers at university Dodge. You'll find it's easy to deal with the people there because they want to treat you well so you come back again, which is the way smart business people do their thing. So head west university Dodge on university drive between Griffin and Sterling and Davy check out their big beautiful new one and a facility too with hundreds of new 97 dodges to choose from like the 1500 club cap pickup. The great looking Dodge neon or that real expensive, but pretty damn sharp Dodge Viper that's sitting there in a showroom too. And university Dodge there's a no bull dealer with no bull prices. So head west for the best prices and the best service to university Dodge home of a better way. 16 W I O and deep in the heart of some far out jungle. We can see where the some new bit seem to be worshipping some kind of unusual God a voice from far far away has captivated these isolated pieces. If you listen closely you may just hear. We're worldwide, baby. WW dot audio net dot com. WWWW dot com and worship with a with six 10 W I O. 16 W I O G not just the snack time anymore. I've had one in my mouth one. Correct! VeSu Rhett Adole episode I got the tickets texting vacunations. And those who's warm up, and I'm got a big bottle of juice. I have a bottle of alcohol. I'm a crap show. Yeah, boy be low. I've got the boy, yeah. I've got the power to mold and control. What's going on? No, I do. We're all halfway to get your own show. I have a station out of Hollywood. And I don't care if you're already low. We have to go on the streets. I'm on the same boat, baby. And you'll do anything I want you to. I'm your consultant, woman. Say you're late tonight as I hear you. I'm gonna hold you. Hold on. I'm gonna suck. I'm gonna leave and die. That's why I'm like insulting, because I'm just an ass. Bush League is absolutely right. That's what Adam says. Bush League all across and aligning. I mean, let's stop for the excuses for crying. All of the ass looking is getting so heavy. Doody, it's almost x-rated. It's an obscenity. But hey, it's just one of those things, man. We just don't want to give you the real picture. We want to give you a jaded twisted picture, because we're afraid that you're emotional cripples. And you can't deal with the truth. You can't. 1151, a WOD. So anyway, this is bring your daughter to work day. Is that like a national thing? Yeah. So people today brought their little girls to work, which Sabrina, which is your daughter, who's just a wonderful human being. And a lot smarter than most of us. I was gonna say most of you, but that would have been most of us. But anyway, she just, uh, drawn with Jumi a nice thing. Thanks, Sabrina. Isn't that a nice thing? Would like multicolored flowers and the stuff like that? You're welcome. I mean, thank you. Whatever it is. So, and other people are brought there, a little girl's to work today, which is very nice. And I had a great line about our consultant, but I better not use it right now. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Great. You know, you had a question yesterday. Yeah. You were something obviously. Well, I'm just thinking about it. Want a lollipop, little boy? I'm just thinking about things I've heard. Yes, go ahead. I'm sorry. Be careful. Be careful. Yes. Yesterday, you were asking something about why do people go to the game and don't bother even more? Well, panicking attention. Yes. Okay. They go because they can't afford it. Yeah. You've just had a symbol. What is? You've seen not to say. Oh, good. How boring. Think about it. I would just put it. No, seriously. Because they can't. They have the money to stay. They can afford it. They have to dress up and they're a person. They are where they're little rat hats and all the rest of that kind of stuff. Yeah. They go to the doll from the... They have to get off the game so they haven't even looked at the field. They've got the narcolepsy on looking at some broad somewhere. Right. Obviously, is doing something that they think is provocative. Yeah. Or just looking around to see where people they know are. And then we're starting to wave, frankly. Oh, here. I'm here. And you're there. We're here. Yeah. That kind of stuff. And this is all the game is going on. They go to be seen. Right. That's sad. Yeah. I don't know if you want to put me on the list or not. Why not? Because I want one. That's okay. Oh, okay. This isn't one of those deal. How long ago was that? Um, and this is the X-Men I want a couple of months ago. Yeah. And I don't know if you... They were going to put you on the list to how with it. Ah, you're sweet, huh? That doesn't mean we're going to give it to you, but we'll put you on the list. You're a great kid. Okay. Hang on. God bless you. Hang on. Okay. Line one. Put the old one. None. I mean the X-Men. Here's a lady in West Palm Beach. I don't know. But we cannot. Some live well before. Hi, this is Sunny Fox. Yeah. He was... it was like from 1966. 67 interviewing the soap box derby champs. But that was narcenning fox. I don't know. Why is it? No. No. Okay. That's the sunny fox that used to be on a quizure, I think. Oh, yeah. You probably right. Right. You know, it's not over yet. Yeah. People are all given up. No. I didn't say I'm given up. It's nothing to do with the fact that they're losing the series and on the verge of extinction. It has to do with the fact that I cannot. I can't stand the ambiance and it's whining and cry baby and belly aching and excuse making. You got to go out there and do it. Nobody else is going to do it for you. You got to get over it. You got to go out there and you've got to execute. You got to get the job done. And last year's team you never would heard any of this bull crap. But this year it's a whole different. It's just a whining thing. Yeah. But you know what? There's a lot of injuries. This year too. We didn't have last year. Well, every team in league is had to go through that some more than others. But I'm so excited about it. Yeah. I think you're wrong. Well, I think there are plenty of teams that have had the in fact Colorado when they were. They were they went 14 games on beat them and at that time they had sackic out and Forcedburg out and reachy out and gooseo. They had four of their top players out and they still were winning every night. I know. You got to you know you got to pull off your juxtaple little tighter and to go out there and get it done. Did you see the Ottawa game last night before the goal that wasn't allowed? Yeah. The replay official couldn't see it or whatever. Right. And even when you had to read the Buffalo and I was who said, look like a gold to him. Well, that was clearly. Yeah. It was no question about it. Yeah. Even though Buffalo's my second favorite. So it was just as anyway because I wanted to play out. It just, it's just was more exciting that way in overtime. Yeah. Hey, could I get on the list? Sure. No problem. Line 11. She'd be on the list. OK. Line 11. She'd be doing it. We have an open line a day by the way for the first time. I can't imagine why we got open lines today. I thought to myself, boy, this will kill a whole bunch of birds with one big bullet. Just give away these tickets and the parking pass which by the way is for the exclusive lot up there on a corner where you go in there and it's a beautiful spot. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hi. Yes, ma'am. Did you catch a Mario game on the same? I saw the part while I was taping a game and I saw the very end right after the end scored. I did not get that on tape damn it when he scored the goal. You know who was there? Danny Boy. Yeah. I did see that. I was trying to take some lessons on retirement. Yeah. Excellent point. But, um, quit while you're still on top. They said on the statistic last night that they always run out which are ridiculous. The reason that we lost last night is because Lindsay wasn't in the game. Yeah. They said we'd never win without him in a line up. Yeah, that's true, but that's just another lame excuse. The fact is we won two games on the road since January. It is now the end of April and Lindsay was in a line up for almost every one of those games until last night. So I'm missing something somewhere. He is great though. He's a terrific player, but you can't keep making excuses. Right. I know it's ridiculous. We'll get it next year. I hope. Can I get some tickets? Can you get some tickets? Can you get some tickets? I can get it on the list. I can't promise you no tickets, but I can put your everything on the list. And maybe your name too. Okay. Hang on. Line five. She wants some tickets, damn it. Everybody wants some free tickets. I wish I had a whole bunch of free tickets. I wish I had like 8 zillion free tickets. But you know these playoff tickets. It's a pretty good. The scalpers are pretty depressed right now. I bet you scalpers out there. All you guys doing all that illegal crap are already pissed off. Now because the scalping value after last night just dropped dramatically. I guarantee you that. Let me first do that. Yeah, right. Luckily story. It went way down. Unfortunately for those guys, those slippers out there. They're just trying to make a living. They're just trying to scrape together a few bucks. Okay. And all you porkers out there. If you don't have something better to do with your time than busting people scouting tickets, then you better get a life. Okay. Get a life. Get a freaking life. 1157 at WIOD. If you want something free, you'd be science tickets. How about picking up the phone and calling the great folks at Hyderan Technologies. They will be more than delighted. They'll be ecstatic to send you their free catalog. And a free sample of their skincare products for men and women. The best go anywhere on the market. And if you don't think you need skincare products, no matter what you do. No matter what you wash. If you wash after or before, both they got stuff that's perfect for you. For example, if you place sports, mental ice from Hyderan is the perfect product you've been looking for. Also, you're going to want to be using Hyderan hand lotion because Hyderan products moisturize your skin without leaving it feeling greasy. Here's how Hyderan products work. As it dries on your skin and creates an invisible shield that is water insatiable. Most you're holding it long lasting. The shield lets you skin breathe by letting the oxygen in and the carbon dioxide out. It's the old in and out right there on your skin. Even Hyderan cleanser won't take away of your skin's natural protection. The way so many other skincare products can do. So, start taking care of your skin right now with Hyderan. The best stuff going anywhere. And if you'd like to find out for yourself, just how great it is. If you want to smear a little everywhere, pick up the phone. Call toll-free 1-800-4 Hyderan. They'll send you the free catalog and a free sample too. 1-800-4-H-Y-D-R-O-N.