What across the nation? And candidates who are called toll free at 1-88-474-WI-O-D. And now the Neal Rogers Show. Okay, boys and girls, that's a great start to the week there. Let's see if I've punched that up. Look, I was playing up, but the only problem is it's on the production line. On the DCS, George, that's the only problem. So guess what boys and girls, let's just pretend we didn't see that. Okay, and let's start all over again by saying... Golden Globe winner Jeffrey Rush starred in the true story of a musical prodigy who suffered a nervous breakdown after being emotionally accused as a child. Now, Jeffrey Rush returns to the street in the story of another musical troupe suffers and even worse things. And here from my panelists and this is motherwell. Did a friend just last week's lesson? Yes, motherwell. All right, let's hear it. Okay. Let's terrible. Oh my eye! Don't again! Okay. Let's leave it a worse eye. Oh my eye! Oh my eye! Again! Okay. God is naked. Oh my eye! Jeffrey Rush. Jeffrey Rush stars as a no-telling boom with two black eyes in China. China. Now playing again, and again, and again, and until they get it right, I don't get any of you. One more time. Okay. 1002 WIOT happy Monday too. It's going to be a day-to-day man. You can just feel it in your bones. Can't you just feel it? You can smell it almost. It's going to be some kind of a day. I don't know where to held the wee start. Can we start with that game on Saturday? We start with that. Did he start with the H word already this morning? We start with the week with that. I don't know why to held not. It's better than talking about all the other stuff that's going on. Yep. Let's leave that for some other time. Hahaha. By the way, Fat Rich, you're getting on my nerves, Mr. Too many youngsters up there. Everybody in a brother we got engineers who are youngsters. We got the Fat People who are youngsters. We got the Fat People who are youngsters. We got the Fat People who are youngsters. We got the Fat People who are youngsters. We got the Fat People who are youngsters. We got the Fat People who are youngsters. We got the Fat People who are youngsters. We got the Fat People who are youngsters. We got the Fat People who are youngsters. We got the Fat People who are youngsters. We got the Fat People who are youngsters. We got the Fat People who are youngsters. We got the Fat People who are youngsters. We got the Fat People who are youngsters. We got the Fat People who are youngsters. Oh! Oh! That's Neil's quote today. I'm like Roger's quote for today, which you're kind of syrupy and a little bit convoluted. My quote for today is going to be very simple. Don't be a freak in yawn. Okay. That's my quote for today. Don't be a yenta. Okay. Man, there are diameters. And there everywhere you look. Papa, papa, papa. That's all they're doing. Like, how can I try to just find a life? Okay. That would be a real good idea. Find a life. Get us search for a day out there. And as far as any of the people in the W.I.D. Sales Department are concerned. Not to mention Brian Barbers specifically. How about servicing the account number one. Don't worry about bankwits about plaques. Thanks by the way to the people of Papadopark. I couldn't possibly be there last night. I was in my debilitated middle state. Which I currently find myself. There was no way. But thanks to Carol Hawke and the people of Papadopark. Give me a nice plaque last night. The L. and J. Finkelson Award for the media and the Papadopark. And aren't as raising for which I think them profusely. But be that as it may. That's really not what it's all about Brian. But it's all about is like getting some copy and servicing the account and getting some some even minor little minuscule notion of what that account is all about. What it is that they do up there. And the horses with the carts that keep going around and around and around. That's what it's all about. It's called harness racing. Baby it's great. So getting back to that thing that game on set of good games. Good game but as usual on perplexed and kind of founded by the fans. They continue astonishingly. Eddie. Eddie. Yeah. Eddie scored two goals. Now came as first game back after the injury. Right. But I said to J. D. It remember to do some of the John Davidson was doing the game with my camera for Fox. Nationwide Saturday with the National Game. In between the segment third period I said to J. D. I said, you know, this game is kind of like a microcosm of Eddie Jovenowski's career with the Panthers and that is the good to bad in the ugly. I mean it's all in there. A horrendous giveaway early in the game right at his own blue line. Nearly resulting in a goal. Some of the dumbest penalties you'd ever want to see. One fight of course in which you got to snuck kicked out of him. And then of course two goals. So it is like all kinds of good stuff. And Dave hide yesterday was yesterday. I guess it must have been in the Sun Sentinel had the balls nice going. David had the balls to actually tell it like it was about Eddie's performance as in Honestly as opposed to Eddie. I mean Eddie's out there getting a fight getting the crappy doubt of men of crowds going. Eddie. I you guys I don't understand. You don't want to solve all about. I don't get it. Neither my play great. Strock a plate great. These are played. Okay. We lost the game in overtime. See we don't want to be going all these overtime is because we just overtime is deadly for the Panthers. It's the Kisit that we blow leads late. And then although in this case we tied it up actually. And the third period very early on it was Eddie. Eddie. I guess now we got two players on the team that the crowd knows. We got we only had one for a long time. Well, Eddie was out injured there. By the way, also the Sun Sentinel I should mention to you that you ought to get your crap right. Which you rarely do. Here next to the article about Scott Melon B. And the rats which quite frankly the timing of the senator what they'll answer all about. Since we don't do the rats anymore and everybody should know about that. Right next to it fatigue suspended. Philadelphia defenseman Michelle Patie has been suspended. Pentagon NHL hearing for neighing Panthers forward. You hand grop and law on Saturday. But now here's the best part. Patie who received the major penalty in a game of conduct on the play. Miss Sunday's game against the rages. Obviously he didn't receive a game of conduct because it was Melon B. This picture is right next to this little incet article who came out there to retaliate later. And beat this not out of Michelle Patie for doing the knee job and shouldn't gotten the game as conduct. But he didn't. That's the whole point. But the Sun Sentinel don't confuse them with the facts because it's a local newspaper. They just put any crap in there that they can come up with. By the way, what are we going to do with those aroma therapy people in here today? Averives come back. We got to do something because there's something in here like the other joint. We've been in here five months. We've been in here long enough now that there's a funuous among you. Which I got to by the way before I get back in that game stuff. Tip my head to my tag in doctor. Dr. Mark, this guy is a freaking genius. How long have I told you if you find a doctor that has any idea what he's doing? Don't ever let him go and that's the truth. You find a good doctor man. That's better than money. It's better than liquid gold. It's better than sex. It's better than anything because without a good doctor man you got you got source. You got serious problems. And so here I was sitting on a Friday listening to all you witch doctors out there. Oh yeah, you got to do this. And you got to do that. Stick your head and drain all okay. Back to what I stuck my head and drain over the weekend. It would probably be an improvement. Put it anyway. So I go to my doctor on Friday. And of course I've had the thing with the real dry lips since coming back from Vegas. I'm beginning to think that this whole thing the doctor may be wrong about part of the reason. He said it's like a real low grade virus kind of thing in the go away. Which it is. But you know what I think I think it's an allergic reaction and you know what I think it's allergic reaction to. Remember what I did that Mark Jacobson show and they loaded me up with enough makeup for 70 for the entire cast of West Side Story. Now somebody mentioned to me that a lot of people have allergic reactions. In fact the next day even though I tried washing it off pretty good like the left side of my nose there was a big and re-cake kind of growth dry and like it went away. But you know what I'm saying like an allergic thing? A skin thing. And so I think that this whole thing is reaction. I think lawsuit sounds good to me that make up bitch that put on about 40. How much makeup do you need again? I guess you know somebody pointed out to me at the end of the day. He tapes that show with me. Okay. Now he meaning Mark Jacobs and he sits behind that desk. Right? So you basically only see him and he has lost a lot of weight. He looks pretty good for him. But even if he hadn't you'd never know. He puts me out on the edge so to speak. But on the edge of the desk on that high chair like a little infant and my puppy hanging out. If I was behind the desk like he was you'd see me like from about mid-chest level up and you wouldn't know if I weighed like 150 or 550 and it would make any difference. So the idea I guess in that show is to make him look as good as possible which ain't easy because this is America. And to make the guest look as unflattering as possible especially if it's made. Never done on maybe before. Nice going Mark. You maniac. I'm still pissed off about the thing that they bleeped out that that deal about Wayne. And by the way speaking of Wayne more bad information here. Oh so when I went get back to Dr. Mark I got so much crap here man. But my mind is a little bit scattered this morning. And anyway so the doctor says to me don't use that vastly lip therapy. Good information for you, George. And see you're the one that was peddling that with best of it. And give it to me to. Yeah. So I passed it or we just keep passing it down to Lancers. And it doesn't work. And it no car. And the reason that what about car max does that have alcohol and that why don't think so. It's just wax. Yeah. There's more. So at any rate you don't want to put most of this stuff on your lips when you have real Dry lips because it has in it alcohol. And guess what alcohol does your skin when and doubt it dries it out. So you're trying to put this stuff on there. I guess if you've got a cut or something it might be okay. But if you ever like real chap dry lips don't be put in that vastly lip therapy on it. It'll kill you. So the doctor says just go and get a regular jar of gasoline. And I thought to myself I don't live in a trailer park. I ain't getting no gasoline. I want to apologize to my Italian no profit. So by the way, couldn't possibly be their Saturday morning. I've been in a psychotic all weekend. No way. But at any rate. So I get to regular Vaseline. Put it on my lips right. And I wake up Saturday morning. It's like 70% improved. Put it on again. Now over the weekend. And this morning it's like 90% better. And even my tongue is like a 90% better. How do you like that? Which may or may not have to do with the irritation there. But I think it's set makeup. I think it's the allergic reaction to about 175,422 pounds of makeup. Speaking of makeup, how did Rick's wife do it at Mrs. America page enough there? Oh, we don't know yet. Well, I'm sure we'll hear about it at 2 o'clock. Yeah, I thought there was some emergency or something because it overkin suds are taken off on vacation next week. The same week that I am, which I thought was kind of a zorn to first place. But you know, you get your dates blocked in your flights and he's got another one of these skiing deals. Great. More power to them. But Friday, Rick and suds aren't here. And I'm asking everybody what the hell's going on? Is somebody one of the weasels get a bad case of diarrhea? What's going on over there in a family? And it seemed to be kind of mysterious. And by the way, broke it a damn good job. Too nice going, Brooke. I like broke. She's okay in my book, okay? Little too small to you sometime, but she's great. Nice God, sweetheart. Actually there's nothing wrong with Brooke at all. It's just that because she reminds me so much of Randy that that part of it, you know? Wow. And we just clear that out of our brains, and we'll be okay. We'll get along fine. Do you know what I'm saying? And she can't help that. That's a shirt. She's not imitating Randy because quite frankly, who would want to. But she just being herself. But there's just that Randy issue I think that if we want to get over that, she's great. But at any rate there was kind of this mystery like how come Rick ain't here today. And through the rumor mill today, it's starting to put the pieces together. Well, yeah, you know the WID rumor mill, which is very, very, I mean it. Yeah, that one. So, that's got to get a lot of use. Both of Brian strikes again. Yeah, so anyway, she was Mrs. Rick Riley was in another one of these Mrs. Beauty's outpages. And where was it, Kansas City, I believe? Some horrendous place like that. Man, oh man, I sure hope she did better than little girl out in Denver. You know, the one from the Beauty pageant? Oh, I'm speaking to that. Have we just, I think we've had enough of Mark Furman this week. You know what kills me about these television assholes is that on the one. And you notice, air v show that he's on now with the Esef Hillary King. I'm surprised Larry didn't do it. Al Jolson thing and put on black face to do the interview. Because everybody who interviews Mark Furman now who's busy pedalling his book as Revolting as we find him. But we're just on our hands and he's to see who can get him first because he's out there pedalling his book. Oprah had him on. Do you see that? And she said they're basically kissed his ass. And on this morning, CBS, which I rarely watched that show because I still can't. And I can't figure out which pictures that Jose deez volar whatever his name is. Is that him or is that his brother? Which one is he is? Jose, oh, that's right. Lincoln deez volar and Jose deez and Abraham Lincoln deez whatever his name is. He's got this man's got to have naked pictures. He's on a national TV show on CBS. He's got no personality. He was bad on local TV here. Jose deez Julio. I mean, he is terminal. He's as boring as spit. So anyway, guess who's interviewing Mark McIwia interviewing Mark Furman. Mark McIwman. Fat ball and black. Well, you do live up there in Idaho just a matter of 50 minutes from the compound of all the skinheads. The early day. There was again. How do you like that? Turn on CBS news this morning. I'm here. All over you. No matter where you're through, you can't get away from it. And the interesting part is they act very in-sense and very outraged, but they just can't wait to get them on because, you know, because it's the ratings they're interested in, not because they like him because they want to make sure that you understand. We all understand that they do test and they find him deplorable and subhuman. But can we help you sell that bookmark? How long will you come on for? How much time would it give us? 1014 at WIOD. If you're tired of being treated like crap by your bank. If you're tired of all the problems and the screw ups and the fact that they don't even care about it, which is the part that infuriated me a few months ago, do what I did. Switch over to family bank. Man, it's in Ohio. Family bank is the place where you're a valued customer, not just a number in a pewter somewhere. Family bank is locally owned locally operated. They do business the traditional, old fashioned way. If you want to talk to a loan officer, you don't have to wait for some stranger, some yahu in Atlanta or Charlotte, North Carolina, to approve your loan. You'll talk to people right here who will approve your loan or not as the case may be. And they've also got the lowest service fee anywhere in Broward County. Family bank offers all the features of any other bank like ATMs at every location, auto-ring press their honor and serious networks. And you'll find of all over the place in Broward. There are seven family bank locations, including one out there in the sub-rass by me. Great goal and mat and one right up the street here on Sterling Road in Hollywood. Family bank do a business traditional way locally because customers satisfaction is what they're all aboot. So if you're pissed off, if you're unhappy, if you're sick and tired of all the screw ups with your bank, make the smart switch to family bank. Member ref the I.C. 610 WI O.C. Labor tape, power and Cuba. Labor tape, power and Cuba. That's week, I visit crazy at thing. I flew to Oakett, do you learn to keep on it? And then I hit the street to go check out my son. And what happened was, why did I bother? There was a black guy standing on the corner. I said to him, I got a yellow blood, what's going down? Well, look at that, see, I said, I will some kind of brain. And you won't believe what me, all things. Six books, check the book. How do you like it? You're beautiful, change the book, bet you don't like it. You're beautiful, change the book. The honky, don't like it. You're beautiful, change the book. Be ready, body, take for you. And he told Alex gun, I said, he made me. I'm getting ready, he's fine, it's when I want. And he gained that deep. Instead he has less than what old you. Oh, fuck, fuck, a new fuck, fuck. And that lay there, I thought I was tired. Someone called the ferrametics. I'd be too thin, another too thin man. You must study, punk people. You'll be buying me, then it will be this and you. You're beautiful, change the book. Now I'll do you like it, you're beautiful, change the book. You're beautiful, change the book. You don't like it, you're beautiful, change the book. You're beautiful, change the book. You're beautiful, change the book. You're beautiful, change the book. Now I'll do you like it, you're beautiful, change the book. You're beautiful, change the book. You're beautiful, change the book. You're beautiful, change the book. You're beautiful, change the book. You're beautiful, change the book. You're beautiful, change the book. You're beautiful, change the book. How do you do? Tonya W. I'd be a while matching his pyrrte tickets. And I want to thank you. What's the guy's name? That's our good close friend. That comes to all the games, and I brought these tickets off or tomorrow night's skin. What's his name? Mike Mike. Thanks Mike. I think it was Mike. But at any rate here's a pair. That's right, that is Mike. Because it's in 125. There's a pair for tomorrow's game against San Jose. I might just get those away to somebody today. I think we will now have to come pick him up. But at any rate, here's the Opolaca, hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Okay, let's go to a lady in Boca, hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Is this Neil Roger? Yes, it is. This is Kathy Marty from Fifth Fert. Temple right here. Yes, Kathy. And I'm a friend of my client. All right. And I just called to see where a pinion of the Fifth Fert Moon went. My opinion is they've got real problems. They do. They're losing every day, Kathy. They really do. Like yesterday, they stuck the joint out against the lowly islanders. I watched that game and it was a very depressing thing. How often do you get the Fifth Fert Moon? Pardon? How often do you get the Fifth Fert Moon? I don't. Why not? Why not? I'm up here in the summer. For what? To visit my client. Why should I call up there when my comes down here? Yeah, you got a point there. Yeah, I see my point when he comes down here. I don't need to go up there in that place. Oh, but that's a fun place. It is. It's a person's place. It's a person's place. What? Pistboard? Pistboard. Yeah, whatever you say, I haven't been there in a long time. I'll show up they cleaned it up. What they did? I'll tell you what I like is the mountain view in. Mought view it. Mountain view in. Where's that? Oh, some little town nearby Pittsburgh. What's the name of that town? I don't know. What is it? Morgan town, what's the junior? No, no, no, no. I don't know West Virginia, right by Pittsburgh. It's like a rabbit. Reinsburg, that's it. You got a Catholic. Reinsburg. You never had dinner at the mountain view in? No. Pretty good place. But when the next time you talk to Mike, you talk to me. You talk, Mike, you talk to Kathy Nardi. Yeah. From the huddle. What? Who does the huddle? Just their law. I did. Yeah. Yeah, they're after every game. Yeah, no, Mary. I mean, no, uh, reogorado Francis yesterday to penguins of fall in a hard times. I think you're right. Yeah. You take Morgan's going to go? Is he going to retine? Yes, I do. I do too. And it's that for a team money. Very sad for everybody because Mary was the best. Yeah. What was my talk with you? One to touch face. Well, Tom, but give Mike a big kiss for all of us. Hi, well. Thanks, Kathy. Bye, bye. And Stu Barnes, too. Jason, woolly also by the way, Stu played a good game yesterday. He was the only one on a team that played it all. I'm still waiting to hear Eddie. Eddie, come on. Let's hear it. Let's hear why he's the fan favorite there. Everybody loves him. The whole crowd. They were in her frenzy. Eddie, Eddie. Come on. Let's hear about it. We have all the lines open and day. 6229463. All the lines open and brown. 7679463. 20 out of timelines. As in both of those, one triple eight. 474. 9463. I might just not get these tickets away. This is going. Talk about a welcome back on Monday morning, man. Talk about a good swift kick in the ass. Here's Port St. Lucy on a mobile. Hello. Have your money, Neil? Back to you. This weekend was watching Saturday night. Why? Yes. I think somebody up there is list to you because they were doing a bit. It's beginning of the show where they showed that the Italian family that handpains the cue card to take an hour per cue card. And the first cue card they held up said, wow, I think I proved my pan. Oh, my God. And I thought that's my favorite. And I thought that's my favorite. They're holding one up that says. Yeah. But I figured you could, I should get out of there. I love it. Alright, well this is my pan. Yep. And this is a skinny Italian for marking so I love you Neil. Alright. Have a good day. Bonjour, no. Yes. Skip to Titan class 30 morning. I was just ready to blow my brains out and pack my still lamb. But you know, the show must go on. It's your show business folks. It's just a radio show. It's just entertainment. It's not the beginning and end of the world. That's obvious. Judging from these phones. It's not really awful. It's really important. Made a lot of really great people at the Gandle Theatre night. Saturday. A lot of people over there at Best Buy and over by the sawgrass. Yesterday went in there to pick up a couple of things like some facts paper for my Facts machine and a couple of other minor little things. And the man, everybody in there, they were genuine collecting. Everywhere you go, everybody listens to this show. Okay. Everybody in the world listens to this show. It's amazing. Nobody calls it, but they all listen to it. That's all accounts. We don't mind. We don't really know what they're doing. They don't really know what they're doing. They don't really know what they're doing. They don't really know what they're doing. They don't really know what they're doing. They don't really know what they're doing. They don't really know what they're doing. They don't really know what they're doing. They don't really know what they're doing. They don't really know what they're doing. They don't really know what they're doing. They don't really know what they're doing. They don't really know what they're doing. They don't really know what they're doing. They still do it that way. They do that in Newtty business, which is a real riff-off, which makes it even a bigger sucker bet than anything else in the world at lottery. But I think they still do the inuities. They pay over 20 years. What's two and a half minutes? That's like, what? About 100, a little over 100 grand a year. Ever saw me your slumpers out there. That would be, oh my God. There you go. I'm going to retire. Like you. You could retire in 100 grand a year easy, right? Sure. I'll take it. No, seriously. Couldn't you? For the rest of your life? Okay. I hope you have a small town, low cost of living. Sure. What do you mean by that? Can't cost you 100 grand a year to live now unless you're deeply in the minus column. Oh, that's right. I forgot you are making the big bucks. Now you got that title. I forgot about the story. Here's a mobile in the Hollywood. Hello. Brilliant. And the best part of the whole thing is that that wouldn't go off of there. Broward County opens 787-767. Give the right number. That might help. I won't make any difference. 767-463-767-80. Eddie. Eddie. The crowd in our friends you there is Saturday afternoon. Eddie. Eddie. He's part two of all. He just came back. Eddie. Eddie. He got 85 stupid peddleys. Eddie. He coughed it up. Eddie. He got the craft beat out of my net fight. They got their favorites. Baby, don't confuse them with the facts. I still say let's make that deal. By the way, talking about making the deal with Montreal. They're desperate. That deal. They got to make a deal pretty soon. Pretty fast. Because they think that you're out. They made the Leafs look like a real team. They're at least five Montreal one. Oh, baby. We won a game. Okay. To excited about if a boy does kind of dance. They are pathetic. They need a good defenseman. Okay. Which I guess leaves Eddie out. Have an eye told Eddie ought to be a center that he's got great scoring. Instincts. He ain't no defenseman. He ought to be a center. Put the four act back on the wing. Put Eddie as a center out there in that line. And I guarantee you this team will start sticking it in the net. You're in tea. Can't miss. But they won't listen to me. And Chris Wells, the healthy scratch again Saturday. A. Now that Brian was back again. Brian screwed us. He's had a little trouble after each hit. He was going over their pukin' his guts out. He said on the bench after each shift and losing every face off. In fact, they're what we do. What do we do? Lose about 90% of the important face off. 98% of that game. Yes, we did. Including the one there at the end when they scored in Lundra us. Tip to overtime. But hey, it's just a game. And they won again last night. They beat the Rangers and kind of a, I don't know. I was kind of a marginal game to be honest with you. You're a Thorne try to make it into something that it wasn't. But thanks to Garth Snow, who all of a sudden found a life and don't ever lose anymore. Hexdal sitting on a bench and snow is winning for the flyers night after night after night. Day after day after day. But I'm going to tell you something for get about them. Let me give you a little tip right now. There's three teams in league right now. There's the Buffalo Sabers who win every day. Not just most of the time, they win every day. And there's the Dallas stars in the Colorado Avalanche who both win every single thinking day. Those are the three teams right now boys and girls. For all you age people. 1028 at W. I. O. D. I. I. This is time. W. I. O. D. How about his function was out. Back at. Oh, that's what he wanted to do. So it's Tommy Kramer that got everybody crazy this morning. It cooked up that really a half baked stupid thing about Dustin's often being dead, which he's not by the way. I just I was sitting back there in our little cubicle back there and I heard somebody, I thought it sounded like Tommy Kramer saying about the just saw the, they re-randed the graduate on TV over the weekend and he just saw Dustin hopping again. Then he found out he was dead and I, you know, my ears picked up a little bit at that point. And I thought to myself, he's dead. And then I heard the rest of it and I realized he's not dead. And Portionale down at the tax and main building doesn't need all these goofballs calling up wondering what, you know. Yeah, when you have thought it might be in the newspaper like on the news or somewhere if he really were dead, was dead might be dead, but he's not. Dustin Hoffman still alive. They hit him with five shots. And he's still five, I said not six. And he's still alive. I mean, what kind of crap is that? Plus he wasn't at the Empire State Building over the weekend. See, there you go folks, America one more time, but I'm not going to go into it because you don't care, you accepted, I mean, dead babies and dead tourists and all of a, you've accepted it to Big Joke, it's very funny. Yeah, that's fine. And if that's the way you think that life ought to be, I'm very happy for you. I'm very unhappy for you. I'm very unhappy for me because I'm surrounded by people who believe that this is the way you ought to be. But hey, that's how our Bill said to him, look what it got him. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mr. Buenos dias. Everything's great. Listen, I, you know, you're not Dean now. You turned me on to hockey. Yeah. And I was watching the game's better. Yeah. The fans of the group, a little bit of Cohoni's though when, uh, Garvin love that, uh, neat. Yeah. The least big thought of retaliating. Yeah. And we still lost the game, though. I know it was the, and it was a heartbreak. Melody became out there and kicked the crap out of a tea. All of a sudden, Sentinel says, but he got a game as conduct in which Casey wouldn't have been out there. So I guess Melody be thought he kicked that bottle of tea. But he was not, I mean, the Sun Sentinel man, what a bunch of embarrassing fools over there. What a bunch of retards. Oh, he got a game as conduct. I live. Oh, no. I've never watched right in Miami that are South more than those with the hell's going to want about any of that. That said, it's very, it's pathetic. It is. Although I'll give David Hyde again, credit. I give him high marks for having a guts to tell a truth about Eddie in the real story about his performance on Saturday. This has been Eddie's problem all along. He could score six goals in a game, but he might give up six other ones and, you know, because they scored on two power play goals while he was in the penalty bots. Exactly. And I don't think he got three penalties. I think he got four if my memory is right. Pretty sure he got four. I think you're right, too. And, you know, you can't have a defenseman out that you're defending on, especially on a power play, sitting on the penalty. Yeah. And you also can't have a defenseman who keeps coughing it up and doesn't play deep in. Like I said, make him into a center. Let him do what he's does best. He's got a great shot. He's got offensive instincts. Make him into a center like Keith Primo. He's spashed. He's, uh, he can stick it in there. He's not a defenseman. Okay, guys, but they won't listen to me because they're the experts. Well, you know, even though we haven't won a game in five games, they're the experts. I'm just a dummy with a big mouth on a radio. I know nothing. Why tell you what? They have a pole. I'll vote for you to be the next coach. Okay. All right. At least he asked us in anyway. Okay, pal. Have a good day. And have a great life. Bye. Hope a line of day. It's 622Wild. We have a parent, Broward 7679463. 767Wild. Now the sellout, every game will be a sellout. That's the one thing I'll say. Everybody's in their seats. The roller. Eddie, Eddie, Eddie, Eddie. It's getting louder and louder and louder and louder. It's like a, uh, oh, man. In fact, when they introduced the starters and he came out there, you would have thought that Mary Olemue Wayne, Retsky, Gordy, Haom, a Reese, the Rocket Richard, Bobby, or all wrapped up in into one, and just stepped on the, Eddie, Eddie. I'm thinking, oh, hey, okay. Okay, let's not get too carried away. Let's see what the kid does out there and sure enough. First couple of minutes. Oops, there it goes. And poor ability, Lindsey. I don't want even single amount because Billy's a great player and usually, you know, game after game. And on song hero. But he had himself a rough night. You know, rough afternoon or whatever, what may have hoped he had a good night. But at any rate, he had a rough afternoon, coughed it up once, coughed it up twice, really once resulting in that breakaway goal by Brynda Morbane. He's, he's entitled, okay. How often does anybody said Lindsey had a crappy game for you? Can't remember the last time. So he's entitled, it happens to the worst of us. We have two open lines in date, 6229463, 6222, WIOD. Here's Evan Chura, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Am I true, yes, today at the MRC? Yes, sir. I'm calling you, finally. I took the day off just to call you. A lot of my people in there yesterday at the Emerald Coast buffet. Yeah, the food was unbillion. Who is outstanding? Yeah, I mean, I probably gained 15 pounds there. No, I got on the scale this morning. It's quite of some bad eating over the weekend. I'm still holding my own so to speak. Oh, great. I'm hanging right on it. Okay. Yeah, I just wanted to tell you also this, I love that you listen or that can call you during the day because they're working. Yeah. And we just can get to... Well, it's usually on Monday. See, the right to the week people screw off. But on Monday, they have to like, you know, get their act together again after the weekend. And so people on Monday, it's like 500 times difficult on it. It's impossible. So if I were smart, I would not come in on Monday. The only problem being they decided to pay me on Monday. So they realized that there's that incentive to stay home and call and sit on Monday. But if your paycheck is there, you're a little more inclined to show up. I'm going to get smart, right? Right. Well, I wouldn't go that far. Okay, great. Great. And you all, I love you, show up. Oh, yeah. I would call you soon. Okay, pal. Thanks. Good to see you. Yeah, there's a guy who just kind of hanging out there at the Emerald Coast with his wife waiting to get in there and have some of that great. That's a great place. Great place, man. I'm Tonya. And they don't use MSG and they don't use the crap. They use canola oil and they use the best ingredients. Not a sponsor, right? And in fact, they probably don't need to because that place is Jan and most of the time. And yes, there are some old parts in there. Can't, well, speak at a old farts. I got two things here, which are both related to that topic. Florida's driver's licensees can be renewed by telephone now. Are you ready for this? Oh, hey. Your driver's license expires in the next two or three days, but it seems the only time you remember you need to renew it as late at night or on the weekends. Sound familiar? Fortunately, if you're eligible for mail in renewal, all you have to do is pick up a phone or renew your license or change your address. The Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles, Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles, my ads, is offering renewal via a 1,900 call available seven days, a week, 24 hours a day. Mail and renewal, notice is explained the new touch on phone option. So let's say that you've had your driver's license for the last six years, and maybe you like how they debilitating stroke. But you keep driving anyway. Then your head is like, off to West Side. Like that. But you keep driving anyway. They don't know. Let's say you're 96 years old, but you don't get any tickets because you only drive like five blocks because everybody else haven't actually, but you're never involved in one. You certainly never go fast enough to get a speeding ticket. So you have no violations, and they give you a mail-in renewal for another six years. That means you'll be 102. A lot of other people will be dead. They won't make it to 25 if they get in your way. But you'll be 102 before it expires again. And before they send you another mail-in renewal, or just do it by phone. And of course, if you're smart in your 125 years old, the thing to do is have somebody who's like, maybe you're great, great, great, great, great, great, great granddaughters sit there and make the call say, oh, yes, this is Mrs. Schwartz. And I want to renew my buy. Oh, you're so pretty good for 149 Mrs. Schwartz. Oh, yes, I'm in very good health. Please send me, OK, here you go. It's in the mail. And you wonder talk about ineptitude and incompetence in this state. And you wonder why we have so many geeks. And so many old parts who have no business whatsoever being out there in a highway. You wonder why the driving here is so bad. It's like taking your gland in your hand just to go out there in a highway. It's unbelievable. It's unacceptable is what it is. But they're doing it now. Not just by mail-in, but by phone. Oh, no problem, Mr. Epstein. Here you go. 187 today. Happy birthday to you. Here's your new license. It'll be in the mail tomorrow. And don't go too fast. Watch it now. And in line with that, here's a letter to the editor, which I read these every day in this come sentinel because usually there are sources of humor and comedy in today's no exception. From Irving in Del Rey Beach. Oh, hey. In fact, I might just do something special on a re-reverving in a moment here. The headline over the letter to the editor says, Florida benefits greatly from seniors. Your editorial cartoon by Chan Low on February 4th regarding the state song and its new lyrics was not funny. Although we do play golf, tennis and bowl, and we do frequent the twilight dinners at local restaurants, the twilight dinners. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. We seniors also volunteer at hospitals, nursing homes, and serve in weak care programs. And open our neighbors mail. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm not in there. Some of us drive cops cars patrolling our condos. Being yentas. That's right, being professional yentas. Our seniors have brought their retirement money down here and made the restaurants departments, stores, and free markets. Happy. Right, you should live so long Irving. You put most of the restaurants like Pumpernex out of business by stealing the silverware, by taking in those big sacks and putting all the pickles and the rolls and all the other stuff in there, $50 worth of freebies with every $3 meal. And most of all Irving says Florida Bennett benefits from the taxes seniors pay, so tell the funny cartoons to the Marines. Sign Irving and Del Ray Beach. Nice going Irving. Finally Irving go back where you came from. So, okay, we'll buy your sandwich. Oh, I took the card of the world. She drives my view against these free frees all. I wouldn't ride with no way. I said I needed a lady to take. That's all I'm just sitting on a pension Del Ray. Waiting for the lonely place to take me away. Or I'm just sitting on a pension Del Ray with my friends. Ay you, me, nice, I just took my menjadi, she took my cheats. Christifying regrets and all its civils, all that good to do with my dólares are me to do, the poison for our lades she must be in a sinner. Just in the heals rest in my bones. Wondering, where my wife told me be a long, We've talked it over and I never waited I just wind up stepping through the morning Oh, so I sit on a bench in the rain Waiting for the lively bus to take me away Oh, you just sit on a bench in the rain With my free time We're here, we're here It's about time, I just wait and hear what the fear of this bitch We're going to go and go and try to shoot Okay, 1043 a W-I-O-D, you want a really great piece of meat The way meat was meant to be, then you check out the Kansas City Steakhouse, you won't be disappointed, I'm talking about the best Great steaks, a great price is like the filet mignon Kansas City strip And the Duke of all steaks, the cattleman's porterhouse 20 big ounces of thick delicious succulent corn fed beef Or you may want to try the slow roasted prime rib in 8, 12 and 16 ounce cuts Kansas City Steakhouse has got seafood, they got fresh fish specials every night If that doesn't fit you to the brim, the Kansas City Steakhouse desserts Absolutely will try their campfire marshmallows Or their Mississippi mudslide They've got a happy hour every afternoon between 4 and 7 in the PM Every Monday night like tonight is barbecue ripnight where you get a hearty slab of baby backs for only 7.95 Privates, playside man, a Protestant lunch, a couple weeks ago It was unbelievable a big, big juicy steak Alexa which I haven't had in a long time So head over to the Kansas City Steakhouse at 5645 University drive in Davy just to quote a mignonau Northist dueling road on the Westside University And look for coupons in the Sun Sentinel for appetizer and prime herb specials Two for more info column at 680-0322-6080-0322 The Kansas City Steakhouse in Davy 610-2010-2010 She's got 12 eyes three are lodged in her back Two on the right side, they're assuming they're in the right side of her ass One in her left shoulder Then she's got one under her chin So I guess she would be staying at all three of it all the time Oh yeah, you know, you know, let's start spoke and pot Look like a pile of hot emperors coming down the street Ricken Suns, weekday after news at 2 on 610-2010-2010-2010-2010-2010-2010 We'll ride this with my lover I believe we're ready now, does Congratulations Mr. Jackson, is your new baby boy? Would you prefer a pacer or a flag? Should we kiss? I can't wait to get you on some moon And show you your new butterfly You're my dear Jewish baby But a lot of me away To my touch away my tear and fear You're young A dear Jewish baby You're home You won't need a trip Cause all kinds of up close to be around Oh, I want you to hold me You'll get all your desire But love will be unsworthy Oh, to reach her table You'll make it be too scary Come on, zoom daddy's lap You're the king to feel it here Daddy wants you to pass a magic dream Oh, show me So how's that foodie grenade doing by the way? It's a 1049 at WIOD We have an open line in day 62 9463-622-WIOD Just remember the seniors are at the twilight dinners And their pan that taxes And they're open in the neighbor's mail And the fatrolling the condo being the actors Everywhere they go In fact, that back to their lot of seniors can relate to Yeah Here's the lady in a lady mobile no less and like worth Hello I know, yes ma'am How are you? Great Much better Oh good Much improved over Friday I'll tell you that my tongue is like back in one piece And my lips are in the right place And you're talking better You're not talking We're talking with the sex phone That's why Friday was kind of bad As what is what I do for a living I ran across a lady Well, didn't run across her Literally But a lady client last week 80 years old Feetless had written for a driver's license By mail Of course She has she says I can't see I have macular degeneration Right Ribbon for five years But because she hasn't driven for five to six years She had the license She's the same driver Right She has no tickets Actually she's not doubt their speeding She's not cost-nallies problems So therefore let's give her another license If she calls them she was very honest about She calls them she says Listen why are you renewing offering I can't see anything Why? They said don't let that body We got a lot of people like that Drive it imported or worry about it Sweetheart They said They said you can take a spin You need an idea anyway Just free no way Yeah Is that what they said? Yeah they said you need an idea You need an idea Just free no way Go ahead Free no way That's a good thing Say you may call it I don't know it anyway I love it That is the greatest story And the history of this God forsaken state I just like I can't believe this Beautiful So that's why we have to avoid them Welcome to Florida I bay You said it Thanks for the good news I be seeing you Maybe we have an open line in Broward 767 She's just a little bit on the blind side This old lady she says what are you doing? I mean even at least she's honest enough to say what are you doing is for? So how much wife do she take on the first ribbon or what? Adam She gets the first ribbon We have an open line on the out of town line One trivalade 4749463 One trivalade That thing with these beauty pageants for that's a source of real I mean what is that all about? Beauty pageants Here's a mobile in the Grove Hello Hey Neil Yes sir Do you think you find it coincidental with this discovery of DNA cloning of the sheep? And Michael Jackson having a baby Yeah Okay And the second thing is Only in Miami with navigational negligence Be converted into martyrdom Think about it Okay Take care of it Have a great day Whatever you say We have an open line in day 6229463 6222WD I was driving to work this morning By the way And I saw a value jet playing coming into a Fort Lottodale Hollywood and action airport And it made my blood boil Speaking of navigational incompetence Whatever this guy just said I mean let's get serious Okay these are people who like this airline Murdered a bunch of people is the way I look at it That would be my term for it Through gross negligence and neglect And ineptitude And the government says well yeah go ahead and fly Not everywhere you want to go but just go ahead Because we like those cute planes you got Man oh man And you think this country you think that this government really gives a crap about us You'd be dreaming baby and you wonder why Is my crap is going on There are two busy doing graphed And stuff they don't have time for any of this other stuff There are two busy doing graph They're grafting it Here's Cooper City on a mobile Hello There we go There you go I was born from Saturday Yeah He was 14,703 hats go back on the ice Yeah He had a couple of shots at it Yeah we're a big um Of course we didn't lose the game Yeah I'll struck out a big game He is so quick we were out there watching on the pre-scape I can't believe I've fasted so much faster than the other guys Yeah he makes things happen Marty anyway that one month I goly got the first goal he went right around everybody Went right to the net Slipped off the skate I mean just haven't hit the skate But nevertheless he went all the way to the net and made a great play And he played a damn good game And he did my reply to tremendous game too For a change Yeah he was hitting a few folks there I'm only that's my first year of the fan And I got a call What is with those fans though? What is the anti? What is it? Do they like the way he looks? Do they like the number? They like the fact he gets it a lot of stupid fights What is it? Now come I keep hearing my echo back on your phone I don't know what But I like it though I like this honor but it's great Like reverb Is a big guy I don't know That's what they like They like it big The fan their fans they like it big I got a question The other one Why do the fans sometimes start whistle Like I said I'm a new fan this year You're asking me? Yeah they start whistle and like Wonder playing for a while I guess I'm thinking maybe they want to go or something I heard it a lot during the range Whistling usually means if the referee makes a crappy call They start whistle and they start yelling Of cennities and they are more appropriate Or you know I don't know Who knows? It's a job thing that only What is it? Okay get a new phone panel Have a great day like We have an open line on a purple mobile line Not pound IOD And we have one in Broward 767 Yeah those Montreal fans they are brutal They're the worst They're worst in Philadelphia fans They are the worst Canadians were sticking the joint out there on Saturday This poor kid the feed or Joe Jose theodore Was in Nets for Montreal He had one like three games in a row for them And played his guts out Planned tremendously well And he played his one bad game He did like a couple of really greasy goals By window clerk but never to less Play his one bad game and they were then from that point on As soon as he would stop even a little Shoot in you know they are doing the jering And the sarcastic applause You people from Montreal man Exactly Whatever that was that just was on here The exal of it and then some second add emotion You suck Go back to Montreal you frogs you They are disgusting they are bunch of pigs And the best part of the whole deal is for some reason Not how they got the tickets But all these leaf spanned came from Toronto And from all over Ontario They got on buses they got on trains And like 50% of the crowd shared in Montreal Was leaf spanned There were yelling go leafs go louder than they do And Toronto way It was great But I won't bore you with the highlights I already raised a tape We don't want to hear that Do we? And how about those panther highlights I bet you my camera cast some great cause But then again I come home and I had the Detroit The St. Louis camera some piece of crap like that What is that? You hear that? Foghorn Oh Max must be in some bad again Oh 1056 to WIOD