his stock is got to be drop it like an h bomb now I'm just thinking what the thing with the closing rack they've been saying the last couple days that all he has is upper body bruises right what you know all talking player she's a go leave leave me if he could play he be in there it's a tough kid the war at hit if he could play he will he got to be really banged up real good neck came on Sunday okay okay thanks about you cost your fingers man okay okay we have an open line in date six two two we have an bruh tell us guys that got to get a bunch of change okay time to go rob a bank the car washers you got changed all you're loaded look at this this guy's got thousands over anybody want to knock off the car wash guys they're loaded what just happened to that 50 I give oh there it is I'll just leave it in there thank you so much 1045 and W.Y.O.D. if you want something for free folks all you have to do is you know just have enough ambition to go to the phone pick it up and call 1-800-4 hydron 1-800-4-H-Y-D-R-O-N and they'll send your free catalog of all their great skincare products for man and for women and a free sample too so we can find out for yourself just how great these products are I'm shimmering them I'm using it on my dry wrinkled up old skin on my forehead to my elbows any place I can including some I won't mention and if you're one of those people who doesn't think you need skincare products if you think your skin is as smooth as gym manages but well hey here's the answer for you you gotta have some of their products because for example if you play sports mental ice from hydron is the perfect product for you you'll also want to use hydron hand lotion because hydron products moisturize your skin without leaving it feeling greasy here's how hydron works as it dries on your skin it creates an invisible shield that is water insoluble moisture holding long lasting the shield lets your skin breathe by letting the oxygen in and the carbon dioxide out even hydron cleanser won't take away of your skin's natural protection the way so many of the skin care products can do so pick up the phone right now the call is free the catalogue is free and the sample is free too you're gonna love it hydron call 1-800-4 hydron that's 1-800- the number four H-Y-D-R-O-N I'd buy up all the stations like the life of lovin's either I am seeing I-O-D-R-I've had loads of money in the bank on the stand-wing ones are going like right I'd have a radio network that nobody carries but everyone has done the spots TV cable real estate I would own I'd have a half a dozen big epiv stations and 607 AM stations too I have no life and that's just in hell and they'll all alone oh if I was but Texan all day long I'd fiddle with my number if I was more Texan's boy I the real angest of all man together I have shackles you know what I mean I be richer than the freakin queen when high-zinger would be turning cream if I was that Texan going 1052 a W-I-O-N so anyway here's a 2554 boy to even hear for us to get the 18-34 I hear he's he's looking for another job 18 oh he's working with church channel now when's a sale through so anyway 2554 morning drive okay by the way 18-34 Howard went from a 10-1 to an 11.9 in the morning number 18-34 men which is his demo beating out Castro Nova who had an 11 point oh chain bad in the morning oh did this I'm telling we took a hit over here the likes a witch and hi and it's very easily understandable who the hell would listen to all that crap anyway our morning show what is it called Ron and Bill Bill and whatever it has called Howard's got an 11-9 18-34 they got a 2.5 the number 15 18-34 which ought to be I mean that's 18-34 men ought to be their prime demo will you would certainly assume from a 5-1 in the summer to a 3-6 to a 2.5 number 15 oh my god and we went from a 10 to a 5-2 18-34 men does that start spaining you what's going on here now let's say persons 2554 bear what they folks we'll get to you one of these days let's see do we have I-O-D from a 2-8 to a 2-2 2-2 on our back to those 2-2s again 3-5 in the summer 2-8 in a fall and another 2-2 Ron and Bill are we're in a 2-2 they're in a more 2554 weight under the bottom of the list oh my god even I and Z's got a 17 even a planet's got a 18 you see I told you passion they can relate to numbers like these day-like stations they're very comfortable with stations whatever their ratings are starts with a one something or point one something 10 to 3 persons 25 to 54 from a 6.8 which was a 75 10 to 2 to a 4.8 which should be about like a 5 5 so we dropped two full points in one book I'd like that George no bonus there course so you never get anyway after noon drive 3 to 7 persons 25 to 54 Rick and Suds how they doing here huh life number one what is that tell you and hot and why 100 and love love at all these listeners all you guys a listening love 94 right sure and I OD there it is let's see Hank at a 3-2 and Rick and Suds a 3-1 it's nip and tuck neck and neck persons 25 to 54 and I don't want to look at any more those they're pretty ugly here's Pasquale again starting with a bunch of crap she bought a voodoo dial Karen K bought a voodoo dial for someone who's giving her a hard time as she was holding the doll thinking where she was gonna stick to pins a large rock fell out of the sky into her windshield later that day she went to look at a house to rent a house still thinking about the voodoo dial she rents some bushes and damage to a rental car she wants to know if the voodoo has something to do with it yeah okay whatever you say Karen let's talk some voodoo okay that's topic number 62 by the way today let's do some voodoo here's Pemberg Pines in a mobile hello yes sir I know I'm a huge pan to stand I don't want to point fingers but man that was the worst goddamn coaching I've never seen in a third period playoff game on the row when you got a one goal lead yeah so back on your heels and expect a week you know that in the last 16 minutes of the third period we had one shot and you you you you know point the coaching when it comes to us yes yes and then defense for that you from when he haven't the learn that goddamn thing yet did you say god dang I can't help but I am really sick yeah really pissed off yeah I just don't believe I mean do it everybody was just in the sequence for 19 minutes trying to protect a one-go-lead desperately and then floundering around in there and then of course Eddie sitting on a bench being a spectator because we got a guy dressed who isn't ready for prime time and can't play in a game that's a real sad commentary man when you got a guy dressed who's supposed to be a big star and you know that he's such a liability you're terrified to put him out there with a game that's a real sad commentary on where we are yeah right I think he's gotten carried away with himself man I think he's too big for his bridges okay I'm glad you enjoyed it deadlines all open all of a sudden man these people were forming at the mouth and all of a sudden date is wide open six two two Wiod we have an open line in the immobile one purple line pound I would be the Panther fans are not happy campers today to say to least they are pissed off they'd be pissed off man they are not pleased okay and I'm glad that it was able to come on here today and explain to you what it was all about last night and it was not like what you thought am I getting way ahead of myself now yeah I'm like go already I'm already in the annu hour not that I'm getting ahead of myself but I'm in the one o'clock hour it's time to go already date county everybody else is smoking date county's dead six two two Wiod put down the monsters they ought to be stay up by now anyway six two two nine four six three ten fifty eight a Wiod let me tell you again about what am I doing right here what did I just get through you did a spot when you shouldn't have so if you want to skip one this time that's okay oh I see like I said I'm getting so far ahead of myself that we better do this now right wrap on your tool belt we've got work to do six ten Wiod Miami Ford Loner Day Simon's right is out but I don't know if I can take this anymore the way it's 24 weeks ago we were separated nobody moved us to our new home we were not related it's stuck us in a building unless it's all alone a satellite revolving connected by the phone as far as they're concerned we're just a life of quote oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh 2020 24 weeks ago we got consolidated downsides to death and trims you the road our estimate we did they forgot about Phil Henry and let the sex be sure didn't get the dolphins run the end didn't show okay and what about's 2020 conceived we're in cooperative a powerhouse can't trade it a ship without a rudder floating out the sea no one can control creating at our heat a red headed stepchild in the packed and family oh no, oh no, oh no 220, 220, 4 weeks ago we were in car serrated punching a time clock before we go home the sewer side was contemplated they bought a payment station with national acclaim and shoot away the talent they ought to be ashamed and now they'll close the doors and you know who's to blame, oh no, oh no but, but, but, but, but, but we've been my vaccinated but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but we've been my vaccinated not a bad-but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but... we didn't my vaccinated but, but, but, but, but, but we couldn't vaccinate we didn't vaccinate Let's go five, it's WOD let's work on a vaccine against the approximately ladies, baby we've been looking at this woman here's our story, women eighteen to thirty four, which is hardly our demo we went from a one four to a one eight two we did over a two, a two share from ten to two, and women eighteen to thirty four All right. We finally found a story, okay? No matter how bad the book is, everybody finds their story. We have two open lines in Broward, what's their story? 767, 4663, 767, W-I-O-D, here's Pemberg Pine, hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Great. Good. T-E-N. Ian. How you doing? Like I said, I was doing great for most of the morning. Well, I'm just calling, having spoken in a while. Yeah. Seeing how you doing. A couple things, oh for us. How do I say Ian, I'm doing great? Great. I mean, you should have talked about like hockey and everyone's following you. And no matter what you say, though, Neil, people kiss up to you and agree with you. Oh, so in other words, you're back to the same call that we had last time? No, but in order to stay in hockey, no today, our first call was disagreeing with you and then he didn't know what he was talking about. And let me say a couple things about modern stocker. I mean, nothing against him. But it is his fourth team. You're acting like he's, you know, the great, no, he is not. I never said that he's not a great player. He's a very good player, though, and he's not being given an opportunity. And you know something when you got people on the roster, you evaluate the talent and you'll play the people or the best players, which Chris Wells is not one of them. He has no business playing in the playoffs. And you know what is what else I do. I think you're a little over critical on him, though. Okay. Well, that's what we're planning. And just one thing about the Beezer at the end on the last strike. Yeah. I'm a option, the third goal. I mean, he's out there in the middle of all the action. I'm sure in hindsight, maybe, he should have grabbed the puck, but when he's out there on the ice, I think it's easy to be sitting in there, you know, at home going, oh, I'm a bad player. I was a bad player. So in other words, what you're saying, basically saying is that when you're watching a game, you shouldn't have any opinion, shouldn't second guess what anybody does. Is that what you're saying? Not about a second guessing, but it's a big, the battle of saying. I'm going to say it again. I thought it was a panic movie when flopping out there. And it was one of those deals either you're going to get it. Either you're going to cover the puck or they're going to have a shot at the empty net that you just vacated. And that's what turned out and they tied the game. Whereas if he would have stayed home, there's a good chance that even if they got a shot, he might have been in the net to stop it. Yeah, well, okay. But basically what you're saying, which is idiotic and inane, is that no matter what they do, don't criticize it because we're not out there playing. So I got a better idea. Why don't we just not talk about it? Okay. Okay. I'll talk about it with somebody else. We have an open line at Broward, 767, 4637. Now, that doesn't remember the last time he called several months ago at the same crap. See, Ian, guess what? Somehow I'll survive. If he wanted this bad book, we'll bounce back. Maybe on another station, we'll bounce back and he's in you doing just fine. But I can survive somehow without you and your inanity. And though the people do not all agree, there are plenty of people who disagree. But it would be nice for one staff, somebody, which is me giving an opinion. I haven't watched this game for a city in years, now for 40 years who's got some idea of what it's all about. Other than just an ASCUS, you're okay. This town has got too many ASCUSers. It's right there also. We've been in Dave Heids column. Dave Heids got the column right there and says, it's very, in fact, when I picked up my paper this morning, I'm wondering, how come there's not all this historical stuff about how we got robbed? And Dave Heids says, a proper goal negating call and overtime against Scott Melonby. Proper. That's all even says about it. And it was proper was the right call. The announcers on a game didn't tell you that. Their coaches, I'm gonna tell you that. I'm here to tell you because it was, because after I read the paper, I then watched the replay over and over and over again because I wanted to have some idea what I was talking about. And it was the right call. So if you want E and I'll say whatever the hell it is you want and I'll sit here and you know, you can write out the script, not. And this guy thinks that Chris Wells is better than Marty Stracker. Well, I respectfully disagree, okay? I respectfully disagree very strangely. Here's homestead, hello. Yes, sir. I have to agree with you the coverage last night. See there you go. Gring again. Come on, just pretend you disagree. Well, I'll pretend that I don't the trace of our stock. Yeah. And I couldn't wait to hear your show that's Martin Cranu, everybody was gonna be going. Oh my god, we're all up to that goal. Right, that's why I went to the first call immediately. I never said a word. I didn't give any opinion. And the first call was, he did even know the name of the referee Martin L.E. And there's another one of these guys who means well, at least he's watching, but he still's got a long way to go to understand the game. It was blatant interference call. I mean, Richard got spun completely around. Exactly. It's not even debatable. There's nothing to talk about there. And his crap about he won't even go upstairs. There's nothing to review because they're not reviewing the goal. He was calling a penalty, Dumbo. Yeah. Well, no, I just wanted to let you know. I left the rangers and you show rules. Okay. See you. We have an open line on the out of town line. One triple eight, four seven, four nine, four six three, one triple eight, four seven, four. So what the hell is with this Ron and Ron show man that they bought the network in D.S. Took a walk and they come in here. Their numbers are plummeting and plummeting. And even during the time when the rest of us had good numbers, they're back, nothing. Just down, down, down, down, down. And one direction man, dropping like a gigantic boulder in Colorado. So what does he, what do you think that means? What do you think, George? Oh, don't speak. Here's Boker, hello. Yeah, you forgot to mention what Dave Hight said in his town today. The new Rogers, the only franchise player in South Florida radio will be more to QAM's ratings of the dolphins than the others. Your word is worse than. That's on page 12, see in today's sunset. Oh, I didn't see that. Yeah, check it out. Get outta here. It's right there. In where? Hey, Sunset No. New Rogers. Not on my paper. No, I don't see that. I don't see where you're reading. Where you're looking on a page where you have in the solutionation. Hey, hi. It's going to be. Yeah. It continues from one to the 12. Yes. There's nothing about New Rogers and my newspaper. It's right here in the second column. He's talking about, he's reminiscing in the column today. And he's talking about, he gets about halfway down. He's talking about you and how great you're. Where is this, sir? Let me say it again. Where is this? He lost. Drop the paper off at the end. No, tell me what the paragraph is. I've got it right in front of my face. Right. Go to the second column. Yes. I'm going to move the column. Up and down. High in low. It says right in and out again. Go. Going to the class, insight to the sideline. What? Say what? The whole star brought the class insight to the sideline. Co-star. Yes. The high column. So where's the policy is? Where's the news show? Co-star. What is Bernie Co-star? What are we tearing up to do with the Panther game last night? I'm sorry. This is the headline in the second part of the column on page 12. What do you must have a different paper, man? The headline says no time to dwell on stunning law scheme for his tonight. All right. I'll go. You know what? This is probably an earlier paper. Well, bring it right over. I will. OK. Thanks. I think I'm losing my mind, man. As a matter of fact, if you ask me, I think we have two open lines on the out of the town lines. One triple eight four seven four nine four six three. By the way, if Karen's listing, I got my dryer. The people from Brands Mart were there right in early seven forty five this morning. Took away the old one set up the new one. I'm all set to rock and roll. OK, Karen. I thought you'd be very concerned because I knew that you were really worried about whether I got my dryer fixed. You know what I'm saying? Karen. I had one in my mouth once. OK, let's go to Miami on a mobile. Hello. Hey, Neil. How's it going? Great. You remember the good old days like last year when Coach McLean used to go into the show and you know, he still listens. Yeah, well, he's not a town at the moment. I don't think he's listening now in New York. I know, but even when he's in town, you're right. He doesn't, and you know something I'm going to tell you another reason why Rimmer doesn't do these hockey shows with me anymore. He's afraid because he doesn't want McLean coming on here and does my Brian Murray coming on here. And I really believe this because I'm not going to listen to the bull crap. And I'm just like the last, the last two times that Doug did call it on the show. We got a hold of him. You know, what's the point of having the same argument again? He's never going to admit to truth. He's never going to agree. He's going to continue hard-assing this Chris Welles thing. He's going to continue putting down Barnes and Strochka and Wollian Alley's guys. What's the point? We don't want to hear it. It's like a stuck record. Right. And it's the same thing with McLean. I mean, how can you defend Chris Welles as a player? Come on. Beat me for real. And I kept here in last night from both Denise and Rimmer about, oh man, he was phenomenal. And they were double shifting him. And he was out there for while I'm against Messier. No one was only an accident because it was a partial line change. And I mean, just this guy, I think he is Jesus. I think he ought to let the beard grow fully back again. They put some sandals on him. I think he could be Jesus. It's pretty, I mean, look, my boss doesn't love me at work. You know, I'm not his favorite guy in the world. But I do my work. I do it right. I do it on time. It's not a problem. And that's it. I do the job. I'm not. You know. Well, that's not the way that the world really works. Okay, for example, we got a broad here at night. It doesn't belong on the air. And she's the girlfriend of the consultant. So she's got a show. That's the way sports works. At almost every coach plays his favorites. You talk to anybody who's ever been on in professional sports. And they will tell you that the coaches they played for had their favorites. And then they were guys they didn't like who got very little playing time. That's the way it works, unfortunately. But if you can see it, it's actually hurting the team. And it's in your performance. Well, that's what that's what pisses me off. Can you step away from your personal feelings and say, look, I'm playing a guy that sucks. No. Can't do it. No. You know what Neil? I'm sorry. I'm going to change the subject. When you leave the QAM, you're not supposed to say that. On 560 QAM. Yeah. The best thing is we're not going to have listened to William Robert, perfect to third. He'll be gone. He'll be stuck on this station. And you'll be on a real stage. He wants to go with this. Oh, no, no, no. Don't say that. He's not going. I just see you want to go with this. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. See you. Let's kick ass tonight. See you. And I said it was going to be forwarded to. We were head three to two. I'm going to look like a genius tomorrow. And then now we scooted all up. I had the script. I'll written out there for these guys and they scooted up right there at the end. Didn't most of you think we were going to get the empty net goal at the end. And it was going to be forwarded to. And I was had the perfect score like I oftentimes have or pretty close. Didn't want we all thinking that except for Ian out there. The expert. Who thinks that you're nothing but a bunch of ass kisses. We have an open line in date. 622Wild to only out of town lines, Palm Beach, the yada unit and the rest of the universe. And one triple eight four seven four nine four six three. You know, some deals are too good to be true. That's why when these guys these scam artists come along and they tell you about, you know, killing your carfights and giving you this so much per room. And it's set around so on and that's all it's going to be. Then they get done. They start giving you all these add-ons. That's right. They start adding on all kinds of charges after they've started doing the work. It's called El Rippo. If it's called a scam. That's just one of these Zillions of reasons why you need to call dry concepts. Because first you're guaranteed a super job every time. And secondly, as far as prices concerned, they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start touching anything even you. So you know exactly what it's going to cost. No add-ons, no scams, no rip off, no bad surprises at the end. Just a super job every time. Your carpets are drying two or three hours. They give you a nice little rose when they leave your house. And you walk around the house. Say this is a freaking miracle. It looks too good to be true, but it is. It looks like he had brand new carpeting installed wall to wall. So if that's the kind of deal you're looking for next time your carpets need cleaning, just pick up the phone and call the experts and dry concepts you're in for a real pleasant surprise. And date call 93036-93036 and Broward 5A-14739. 5A-14739 and West Palm, 9304739 are the best in the universe. Dry concepts. 610 WIOT. Longing for speed up. I will give it to you. You turned. Ellen, what's this group? Up on the set Ellen. They said that you're coming out. I said Ellen. Fred, it's just like your mouth is no need to be offended. Ellen. There's no need for suspense. I said Ellen. You are really intense about women. In the biblical sense and the whole life. Well, well, no way. You came right out of your proud. You became right out of you. I proud to be gay. Just a lick of. Don't worry, for it's people like your career. Ellen, John is some both ways for years. I don't suppose it's you. I proud to be a tagger and boy. Did it? I'm really, yes. I'm just kidding because you're still getting more tips than me. I'm just kidding. Please don't sing in the blues. I said, Katie. Did you hear the good news? I said, Ellen. Where it comes to costumes, but you got to know this cool one thing. Ellen. It's never all by yourself, by your standard. But I've come up with shelves. You do anything. Together, all to yourself, be them. But, let's have a rich. I'll be level-rushy, saying, proud to be a. Of course, it's great for games proud to be gay. But, gotta we know, please, both sides of the fence. Jim, deep on the cards and makes it, it says. But, anyway, please, they are proud to be a. How about a handful of them? I'm proud to be gay. Ellen, Ellen, when you're out on the air. Ellen, Ellen, don't spit out you be gay. How'd you be? It's a whole question that I can't ask about, Montu and Precious for Ellen. Is there anybody cares about Ellen, right? Well, that's pretty exciting. We got to dig there. Wow. So, anyway, Kmart won't sponsor Fuzzy Zeller after his comments. After his comments about Chittlands and Colored Greens and Chicken. How come he left out the watermelon? It tells wrong with him anyway. I guess he don't always black cuisine, huh? But, anyway, what do you want? Fuzzy Zeller is a Jew? Yes, quite. Since when? Since he was born, I guess. How do you know that? It was around. What do you mean it was around? Somebody told me. It was on the news. Fuzzy Zeller is Jewish? Yeah. Oh, Jews don't eat fried chicken. Don't you get it? So, anyway, Fuzzy Zeller came out once. Ponsor and Papa. I don't see no comment by Michael Mayo and hear saying that Fuzzy Zeller Red deserved the loose camart and then you should be kicked off to PGA tour and that he's a bad guy. I don't see anything by Michael Mayo anymore than I see to a apology anymore than I see that thing about Dave Hyde. He has a thing in there in a paper about me, which is Guy Claims. Which here is not in my newspaper. Probably they printed a different edition that they just delivered to my house. Here's Coconut Grove. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Michael Richter, God. Yeah. The Panthers folded like cheap horse left night. Yeah. Why don't you call us famous paid. The Panthers have no heart. There are much of those. That's what I just want to got through saying the Panthers have no heart. I just got through saying that. The Dolphins would have lost that type of game. Last year you wouldn't have, I mean you would have been on the Dolphins fans and now since you're a Panthers fan, you don't, you're not a fan. What are you talking about? What kind of cock are you talking about? We handed you the game. You got to win. Take it and stick it up your ass. We have an open line in date. Six to two. See didn't get on man. Didn't get on. Little Holiodeir plane with himself. We have two open lines in the out of town lines. One triple eight four seven four nine four six three. One eight eight four seven four WIOD. Here's a lady in Pemberg Pines. Hello. Hello. Yes ma'am. Hi. I'm gok. Okay. Listen. I just tuned in and I wanted to know what was the call on Melambi. I was watching Sports Channel. Well, if you watch Sports Channel and you have no idea what was really going on because Sports Channel was a board of last night. Yeah, I could tell. The call was gold tender interference because he ran into Richter right after the face of what they never showed us. And if you have it on tape and watch the replay, it was the proper call and the referee was getting ready to do a call up penalty. And that's why the goal wasn't allowed. I didn't record it. So whatever you do, do not pay any attention to Rimmer and Denise and what they were screaming about last night, they had no idea what was going on. I know. It made me seem like it was about call. Right. Exactly. That's right. Trust me. I watched it over 20 times on a replay and it was the right call. Right. And I do want to make a comment about this well thing. Yeah. What was he thinking when he got on? I got rid of bars. What was Luke? And Jason Wolley. And Jason Wolley who played for the penguins and plays on a par play and a regular shift all the time. But we got any who sits on a bench. I know. And I am a joven offie fan. But I have to admit. It was not good. It was not good. It was not good. It was. It was. Yeah. But maybe they'll do good tonight. Maybe we'll send them over to your house you can keep a occupied. I could. OK. Have a great day. You too. Bye. Open line in day 622WIOD. We got to pair on the out of town lines. One triplet 4749463. One 8884749463. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Yeah. So we're an overtime of a family cup playoff game. Yes sir. You stand in front of that and get the hell beat idea by Samuelson and a bookable. And that's OK. No penalties called. That's fine. We're an overtime. And you're saying Melonby's crashing to that. Didn't have to go find Leach. He was right there. They go into the goalie. And that's goalie interference. Yes. Please. Please. Let me see. Let me see it again. Very clearly. It is nothing even argue about. It's a very clear call. You can't run into the goal tender. And you especially can't. You can't let me see it again. My screaming. I know. Do you want to have a conversation? Do you want to scream? No. No. I'm not. I'm trying to finish what I'm saying. You can't spin the goal tender around whether you do it yourself. OK. You spin them around. OK. You go play the game with your rules and it will play ours with the real rules. OK. That's the task. That's the task. At least when he lands. Anyone who understands the game knows that most things are left going over time, because Then the playoffs late in the game and over in the playoffs, because they don't want to be decided on a penalty. And you'll notice by the way that we got to even up Call a little later on, that Mirawalty was trying desperately when he called a penalty on Robotech High, which was very marginal by the way that slash, but he tried to even it up. But generally they don't make those calls in over time. This one was glaring. Spongebob around like a draidelok. But hey, you know, these people, like I said, and that's why I'm so worked up about it, not just because we lost a game, but because the people who try to watch these games and learn something about the game down here, the jaded view, the John-Dist-Ask-Kissing view that they get on these telecast, they're never gonna learn anything. All they know, it's like the Johnny Mustang when he was doing a Zelda games in Boston. We was robbed no matter what happened, we was robbed. There's nothing wrong with being a Homer to a point. But don't distort the game. Don't twist around what really happened out there. But hey, but hey, I mean, what do I know after all? Like Ian says, what do I know? 1127 and WIOD come to the park and plunge your brains out of pomp and opark. It's the last week for the dining room up at the clubhouse, clubhouse closes after this week. I mean, the dining room anyway. So get your ass out there for a great meal and don't forget the good news is because the dining room closes April 26th, which is Saturday, starting on the 30th, which is next Wednesday, a week from today. On level four of the clubhouse, they're bringing back the international buffet. That's right, the price is 1495. For all you can eat, all you can shovel down your gut. They got roast beef and all kinds of enthrased. They got a tag in one night in German another night in American. And Chef Iris Fabulous desserts every night too. Dining opens at 6 p.m. post time for the first race, 730 in the p.m. And don't forget just to remind her that on Saturday, April 19th, which was last Saturday, I'm just gonna keep reading that every day until finally, what's his name put some new stuff in here? Which I doubt because he don't care. So what's tonight? It's the 23rd, it's seniors night out at Pompano Park tonight. Great live racing, 730 in the p.m. We got Samelcast racing, we got from Dover and Yonkers in Hazel and Mohawk, Daniel, freehold metal lands, poking a Windsor and the Meadows. We got the poker room opens at 530. We got live Samelcasting starting in the afternoon today. So get your ass out for a great time. PUNCH your brains, maybe hopefully win a few bucks at Pompano Park, Atlantic and Powerline in Pompano Beach. 610 WIOD, not just for snack time anymore. Oh, New Rock, huh? All right, here's the moment you've been waiting for, all night gentlemen. Let's give it a four on his liner, bitches, backmen. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Yeah, buddy, get off the van! Get off the van! Dude, you are that bitch, this is just for you, already guys. Not back now. Yeah. Let's give him some dollars, Yonkers. Peter, the work for nothing. Give him up. One, two, go for the one dollars, watch that. Yeah, buddy, how about that? How about what a young Republican's got up their latest base up on his name, with a dollar between you see. That's right, there you go. He's going down, man down. Yeah, buddy, the world is the only pieces back then. Dude. 133 WIOD, we have an open line on the other town line. One triplet, four, seven, four, nine, four, six, three, and Pomp Beach in Piora, et cetera. Here's a mobile and parign, hello. Hey, Neil, what's up? Yes, sir? That's an interesting news on the Tiger Woody man. Yeah. I'm at the Tiger Woody Boy. You know, he always blacks got a really excited one. He wanted to master this. Hey, a black man, finally he wanted to master this. Yes, sir. Well, in the hell with his morning, there was a little article in there that said he just very offended when people refer to him as an African American. And he doesn't like to be referred as an African American. He says he's a, he's denouncing his, uh, he's a gook. Yeah, yeah. Uh-huh. And I just thought, how the words he said he'd rather be a gook than a spook, is that what he said? Yeah, he said he'd rather be a, that's what he said. A gook than a, uh, spook. Uh, a figure. Uh-huh. I like that. So, what that said, I'm, uh, I guess Louis Furacan's going to be single of different tune about him next week. Yep. Okay. Call him. We should refer to him as, uh, Tiger Woody, uh, the tune of the, I say, let's send him to Peru, okay? Peru. Yeah, that's perfect. Okay. Have a great day. We have an open line in date. 6229463622. So, Fuzzy Zellars, Jewish, huh? I think you just made that up. Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, how are you? Great. Visiting from Pittsburgh. No. Uh-huh. So, we have our own problems, but you sure do. I know. You're done. I'm going to be on the end of the season that matters. You know, the last to let me that hurt. In fact, tonight's Mario's last game probably. Probably, I'll be seeking counseling tomorrow. Yeah. And damn ESPN is going to be doing the game so we, uh, Mike Lang's going to get blacked out tonight. They really pisses me off. Me too. And speaking of which, that's why I called. Yeah. We, um, we watched your feed last night for the first time, obviously. And, uh, like halfway through the first period I looked at my husband. I said, is it me or do these guys really blow? They were, and they were so bad. I mean, how did they get their jobs? Yeah. And, and not only that, but like, okay, the controversial call. Rimmer, is that, is that a name? Yeah. Rimmer. He didn't even, he didn't even call the goal. He's talking about something that happened 10 seconds before. He missed, he missed the penalty. Many misses the goal when he looks up and goes, oh, oh, smelling these scores and the band doesn't want to game. But he's not even watching. Yeah. The referee had blown it off. Well, you know, when you're doing a game and you keep getting yourself bogged down and a lot of peripheral things that have nothing to do with the game. I'm talking about Denise Potfant, what do you do 30 years ago, or some of you played in 25 years ago. Number one, nobody cares about that. And number two, it's distracting from what's going on. I mean, we're talking about payoff games here. We're talking about like life and death. You know what I'm saying? Well, pop in at least. I mean, I know. I know. I know. Like I can tell that. Loose. He at least is a little impartial. I mean, he won't tell. No, he has absolutely not. I got that Rimmer guy was really bad. Denise was ramp, ramping and raving about how they weren't even going to go upstairs. And it was unconscionable. And the worst thing he ever saw in his life. He's impartial. No, I mean, I got their voice mixed up. But it's so funny that you played that. Um, Stubborn song, which I love and I would like to take home. But um, and Mike Lang was in the background, you know, featured. And I was just thinking like, how popular he is up there. He's as popular as the players are. I mean, everybody really likes him. You know, I like why not. He's sensational. Yeah, he's really good. Yeah, Mike kind of show here all the time. Oh, do you? Yeah. I didn't know that. But um, that's what you mean. I mean, I mean, Mike is a homer, but he doesn't distort the game. And I don't know if the penguins stick that you out. He'll tell you that if, if the penguins get away with a penalty, it doesn't get called. He'll tell you about that. He doesn't distort the game. But are my good friends here? It's gotten to be like a cheerleading thing instead of broadcasting the game. But I don't even think they're qualified to size their personalities. They just don't feel like they know what they're talking about. But it's too bad. I think you guys deserve more than that or better. Anyway, that's what I have to say. Okay. Enjoy your show. It's very nice. Have a great time. Bye bye. Oops. We have an open line in day six to two nine four six three. I guess I won't have to be buying no more dinners for the rumors, huh? Cause ordinarily, I mean, just a little shot. It gets all psychotic and better on a shape. But let's face it last night that whole operation. It was just a grow test. The people are sitting there watching. They've got to write. And you know, something else I don't understand is the two games that we played here. The two home games last Thursday and Sunday whenever the hell they were. I don't understand what the hell happened from last year to this year. Last year there was this playoff atmosphere and there was all the stuff going on and the spotlights and the before the game stuff. This year it's like they were just regular season games. There was just wasn't there. You watch those games up there in Edmonton last night and Sunday. I mean, to people just go and nuts and they had to big oil rig out there and they're blowing all the fireworks. I just miss it. But what is this? This Rick from a pierce lady get a life already. Oh my god. I've never had a chronic faxer who wasted more of our fax paper than this guy. I don't read him sweetheart. Get a life already. Open line in day six to two nine four six three six two two. W-O-D. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Hey, New York. How are you? Great. I got to tell you. I have one of the SS systems. Yes. And last Friday night for the first time on there since I've had it. They broadcast the game from CBC on the DS. I don't know what that was all about because there's never been another one. There was the one game. It was Edmonton and Dallas. Right. I have no idea why that was on there. Well, I don't know why but I got to tell you. It was such a pleasure to be able to watch that game. The camera work. Yeah. When there was something going on, they showed it to you. You knew what was going on. Right. As opposed to watching the sports candle, the channel for it is not not to mention the fact that Bob Cole and Harry Neil usually know what's going on in the game. Oh, what a difference. Yeah. What a difference. Yeah. I'm a range of sand. But I call it as I see it. And I just don't understand. The river. I used to watch when he did the games up in Washington. He was horrible up there. And he hasn't gotten any better. Yeah. He's going to take a notes on this for when he gets back. Have you heard about the Bobby Clark incident, up in Canada? About what? That Clark might have lost his right to work in the United States. Because of what? When Philadelphia fires General Manager, Bob Clark invited Allen Eagles into watch the March 19th, fly a lease game in Maple Leaf, God's press box. He had no idea the repercussions. But Clark could have jeopardized his right to live and working in the United States as a result. Eagle said it's a fugitive from US justice in according to a story by Russ Conway in the Lawrence Eagle Tribune on Sunday. Yeah. The FBI admitting immigration officials are checking various laws and regulations which may have been violated. Oh, the caucus still at 180. Right. So that turn, Coke, back where he came from. And working the US on a resident alley permit usually known as a green card, which requires him to live an exemplary life by spending time with a fugitive. He may have placed that status in jeopardy. Great. How wonderful that be. Like I said, send that turn Coke back to a Caluator somewhere. Well, getting back to the play, I said. Yes. The ranges and the pants, I'm sure, have to be rooting for a lot of what to be Buffalo in that series. To be able to avoid having to play Jersey in the next round. This is then odd will. I don't see what you did. It's not right. It's not the way it's going to work. Oh, sure. Because how it would be the lowest seeded team and they would play the highest seeded team, which would be Jersey. Right. And the ranges or the pants would get Philadelphia and Wool of Jersey. Yeah. Yeah, but either way they're going to have either way they're going to have to play Jersey or the Flyers. Yeah, but I'm saying, wouldn't you much rather play Philadelphia in the next round in New Jersey? Not really. Really? Not really. That's like a choice between, you know, death by hanging your electric chair. Well, I think. And you know, all these experts who were saying, oh, you know, the Flyers they got hex doll. He's going to be a sieve and a penguins got on firepower. How many minutes is hex doll played in those three games so far? Zippin' he do does zero. They're playing guards. No one is playing pretty damn good. Well, play, Rick and has some play bad either way. Yeah, Rick gets played great. But you know, when he getting like 28 shots in the first period, he just getting an onslaught. They have no defense. How surprised you with Chicago? How well-based play against color. Pretty amazing. Pretty shocking. Well, but don't forget they took him to six games last year too. Yes, they did. Okay. Great play. Good luck to us, pal. We have an open line in date. 6229463, one in Broward, 767Wild. Here's Pompano. Hello. Neil, I got some insight information that Doug McLean had dinner last night before the game. Yeah. We brainstorm and Tom delivered daddy. Yeah. And they were talking defensive strategies in pro sports. Uh-huh. Can you believe it? Yes, I can. I'd like to know what he says to the team and after this second period, you know, what to do when they come out in the third period to lay down. They want Chad and Gold. I think what he said last night was I got looked for something else to do. I'm down to the brain stuff. I'm not going to run. Won't off on him. Could be. Oh, can I call him? He's become a hard ass man or is no question about it. I mean, you know, he did a great job last year. He's a good guy, but he's become a hard ass and you can't tell nothing. And he and Ozali answers and he's the expert. And you know, these guys, they've made up their mind. They got their favorites, including Eddie, Eddie. And they keep putting them out there in jeopardizing our, you know, existence. And then all of a sudden he's got a stick his ass in bench him because he's such a liability as if it's something new. Get too big for his bridges. Yep. Well, can I call James L'Aurela from Boris at a tongue-lost eaten douchebag? No. Roy. Have a great day, pal. Okay. We have an open line on the mobile on Purple Line, Pont-I-O-D. One in date, six, two, two, one in Broward, 767, 9463. What's going on here? We had the rating book came out. It was a death now. Midnight tonight, turn off your TV week starts. All the sheep out there, all 20 of them. Oh, yeah, we're going to turn off our TV for a week because somebody told us to. Isn't that pathetic? And you know, it's interesting. It's like everything else. It's like when I ask you to turn in your guns and the criminals hang onto their guns and every with a few other people. Okay. Here you go. He's my gun. It's the same thing. The people who use their TV set as a babysitter for their kids. They're not going to turn it off. They're going to continue using it as a babysitter. The stupid women out there that sit there watching 15 hours of Oprah and Jenny Jones and Montel and Christina and all these other idiotic talking head shows every day. They're going to keep watching that crap. They wouldn't miss a minute of it. Oh, and by the way, speaking of talking head shows, I'm turning out of the news at five o'clock yesterday and I turn over three, four minutes early at four, fifty, five, and channel four. And guess who Haraldor was looking yesterday. Did you see it? Hey, Riznick. Oh, and isn't it wonderful? And she's decided to make her come back and she doesn't want to be what she used to be. Oh, my God. And I started my, huh? A horror? Co-Kid? In fact, she must have been whatever they were talking about around around here. So that crackhead does something. Or maybe not the other part. Haraldor, do you have any shame whatsoever? Any shame between her and the Brown family. Talk about a brown nose. And we all know what upstanding people they are, too, by the way. Thank God, they weren't a bunch of money grabbers. They were willing to sacrifice their daughter and or sister, which everyone you're talking about, just to get all the money in the hurts franchise. Thank God, they didn't give a crap about that. They didn't place money ahead of the fact that Nicole was getting the crap beaten out of her all the time. Just go back and make up. You know, we need the money. Okay. 1144, W. I. O. D. If you've seen that big yellow gigantic humongous building on Powerline Road, just north of Cyprus, Creek Road and Fort Lauderdale, and wondered what that be? Well, here it is. Here's the answer for you. It's the 120,000 square foot warehouse, the new home of ideal automotive and truck accessories, where they got it all. Ideals, new shore, almost jam packed with thousands of automotive accessories. They got the world's largest inventory of truck accessories. They've got a huge selection of fiberglass running boards painted to match your vehicle. They've got a lot of luxury. 400 toolboxes in stock. Vent vises, ground effects, sliding rear windows, tail light covers, and that's only the beginning. Ideal carries the biggest inventory of non-skid bedliners anywhere in town. 6,000 in stock starting at 159 bucks with installation and lifetime warranty. They've also got camper tops for full size or many trucks. So go check out the world's biggest inventory of truck accessories. An ideal automotive and truck accessories, 65, 60 powerline road. It's the big yellow building, just north of Cyprus, Creek Road and Fort Lauderdale. Or column tall free from anywhere in the universe, call 1-800-621-64-64-164. 1-800-621-64-64-610-WIOT. That's the honey tune. Shooter weekly to the boards of penguins always comes on for Rasu and Alps seems to clear it. Let's head to the back of the penguins behind an offensive driver going for the net. Let's go back, Andrew. Heeeey! Heeeey! Heeeey! Heeeey! Heeeey! Heeeey! So anyway, it's 1150 a WOD. A little Mike Lang for our friend from Pittsburgh, by the way. Want to be sad if it's Mario's last game tonight, and it probably will be because the flyers are just eating them up for lunch and breakfast in dinner. But anyway, it's the way it goes. Speaking of people who are on the way out, what did I tell you about? Jose Diaz, Ballard George. What did I tell you about that CBS Morning News Show? A Harry Smith and what the hell was your name? It's for God or name already. Harry Smith and Paul Zahn. You can be too to it. Harry Smith and Paul Zahn, they were a little bit too good for CBS. So they brought in Jose Diaz, Ballard, who all of us in South Florida knew was in our particular at best and boring at worst. And about as exciting as the tapioca pudding. CBS is shuffling the deck, go aboys and grows Jose Diaz, Ballard. We'll leave the studio to report from around the country, and then it will say the farther away the better. Whatever that means. Mark McEwen and Jane Robelo, who is also very boring, by the way. They'll continue to anchor the 8-9 hour, like on a Queen Mary, they're anchoring it. It's drowning over there. Kind of like us over here. Maybe Karen Kake can be our anchor. Rimes with Kaker. You think Karen would be a good anchor? I had one in my mouth once. Here's Miami. Hello. Good evening, sir. Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do it. As far as that color green and chicken wing thing. I mean, if they don't rise up and get in tell us in the stop, it's the media. It's not for these elephants. He's like a thing he wants. That's right. Every time somebody farts right away, there were races, then we got to take away their endorsements and fire them and the adiati and Michael Mayo is right in columns about David Halberstam. It's about your bullcraft. I mean, if when it's going to come to we got the end up with a C.P. people coming over to me. I'd like to know how come I have to read an advocate in the Fag magazine about the interpret comments the tiger woods made in the interview about about bullbikes. Me and Tiger woods, we say the same. We joke around and if he makes 40 million, I make like 20,000 a year. I can say the same thing and do it with white people. I got, I call it greens and chicken. White got come by watermelons. You'll come by pick up say it. Let me have some minute. But how about watermelons? That too. All right. You could call me a wallman ahead of 12 monkeys. Whatever. I love watermelons. I don't know if I listen to you. Right. If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have known that that penalty came before the damn shot. That's right. And I guarantee 95% of the rest of these people including the ones who don't want to believe it. They wouldn't have known either because watching that game last night they never ever saw replay of it. Never ever. So unless they taped the game themselves and watched it for themselves to figure out what hell was going on. They never would have seen that melon to be spin the Richter around like a drail. Not only that, you can't see half of it because the camera's not showing up. There. I'm telling you that sports channel they need a house cleaning man. There. There are ideas of televised in those games has become a nightmare. Now as far as that concern, a coworker of my he saw the game. He came in and told me, oh man, you just saw that that penalty shot. I mean, that I'd call it. He made, oh, he was cheating. We're cheating. And then you come on and say what was happening with the trap. I'll say what these guys are off the wall. They're all of it. They knew. But to keep in mind, they didn't get to see what really happened. He put in mind. Okay. The camera shots were real bad. Chicken wings. I got some. All right, babe. Got him right here. Bye-bye. Okay. George, we got some chicken wings. Well, instead of that. Let's just monkey rumbles. Let's just monkey rumbles. Let's put out the C. Oh, I'm a monkey. Oh, I'm a monkey. I'm a monkey. Where are monkeys? Oh, I'm a monkey. You're a monkey. I'm a monkey. Where are monkeys now? Swinging, trade to trade. We scream at squawk and shout. Now, it's fun. So bad that is. That's why we're all on. I'm a monkey. I'm a monkey. I'm a monkey. Where are monkeys? We don't know anything. We're told because we don't know how. Don't brush our teeth. Don't come out here. We don't even wear clothes. We love to make your crazy. What's our brim and what's your sport? I'm a monkey. I'm a monkey. I'm a monkey. Where are monkeys now? Oh, I'm a monkey. Well, man, heard well. He's just moved to drop trowel. We all go in some drinks. Well, me, you'll have fun till we are fed. Then we'll lay down scratch our butts and watch you. I'll turn red. I'm a monkey. I'm a monkey. I'm a monkey. Where are monkeys now? We won and want to be a dog at Catau Horse or Cow. We're horse-malley. And we like it. And we've heard nothing you said. Don't come with me. We don't find so I will listen to your hand. Oh, right. Come on. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Now it's my family. Here. Here. Here. All down. Oh. Oh. Oh, no. No, no, no, no. Yeah, whatever you say. So anyway, I told you about Ron and Ron. Did not when they first came over here. Remember the day they came in here, Ron and D. And I tried to get him to laugh. He was like the wooden like I was a total, a total, really wooden from the neck up anyway. And I tried to break the ice a little bit with him. Hopeless. Absolutely hopeless. And I said, I don't think we have that many red necks over here. Look like, uh, huh? And we don't. I mean, we got our people out there in P.R. and cutlerage. We got a few red necks in David with their horse. But we don't have that many red necks. It's like over in Tampa and the places in Orlando and the places where these guys get over a two or three share. And these numbers come out in Man. Oh man, talk about the morning anchor. Woo. That show is like laying in egg the size of my mouth rush more. A huge gigantic humongous one. I mean, this last book here. That that it looks like a like a death now for crying out loud. It's unbelievable. It numbers like it's so embarrassingly true. Here's a lady in West Palm Beach. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I was calling about the, um, the call last night. And um, you know, I don't want to keep adding to it. But I think it really makes these guys, if Rimmer and pots and have no clue what they're talking about. It's really a cheat. And the guys in the truck, I mean, they've got the ability to replay it and watch it and the truck and upside down and backward. Everything else. Why didn't they back it up another five seconds and go back to the face off? And I only got to do a scene ahead of folks. Hey, listen, guys, if we will show this, you know, from the face off, we'll understand what else going on here. But instead, it's just confusion and chaos and nobody knows what's going on. It's a sports channel needs a lobotomy. And they need some very serious instructions to what it's all about. And I still say with a minute and a half to go in regulation and and rictory is still on that down there. And the action is in our end. We're hanging on desperately and they show rictor on the other end. And for like three seconds, they freeze in on him. And at the meantime, we don't see what's going on. I'm screaming at the set. I'm screaming at the top of my lung. Show me the freaking game you idiots. God. But I don't understand. I mean, it's just not fair to the fans because I mean, last night I was mad because they were saying it was a work. Well, they're full of crap. They're full of crap. That's right. They were saying, this is the worst thing I've ever seen in my life because they didn't understand what the call was. And a reason being that Merrill Wellie didn't have time to get his arm up in here to show that he was going to call it. He was called it late, penalty. It happened like bang like in a half a second. Right. And but somebody who's at home watching the game and is in the trusting river because I, you know, Well, don't do that. Well, don't trust old alligator arms. Yeah. It's just not fair because I was upset last night. I know a lot other parents who are upset last night. And you know, I listened to this morning and I listened to what you say and I go by what you say. Bill, Billy, you know, the guy that called me a few minutes ago, that wants to argue with me. Believe me, haven't been, you know, right from day one at the Panther games almost every home game. You know, if we got screwed, I'd be the first one to tell you about it. It was a penalty. It was a very clear penalty. It happened right in the referee in front of our free and additional, which it allowed a gold to be scored. That couldn't be allowed to be counted. He does not understand the difference between that calling that and somebody getting knocked down. Then this guy knows nothing about the game. Well, that's what's really, that's what's really the worst call here is what they did last night. You know, what they did to what's not giving us the correct information, not saying they stuck. Yeah, it's just an ace. It's just an ace. Right. It's just not right. And you think you can get that together. Amen. Now what about I'm going to have a long chat with that Rimmerman. I'll tell you that. I'm going to have a long chat to try to stay straight. I thought all those free meals might boot him up a little bit. Well, you call me up and I'm going to go with you. Okay. No, but what about the last goal? The Rangers God. I mean, honestly, aren't we really skating better than the Rangers? I mean, I always play better. Let me say it again. We had one shot in the last 16 minutes in the third period. They outplayed us badly in the overtime. They had virtually all the scoring chances in overtime. How can you say that? I'm not making you. We played one period again. We played the second period. And then the third period we went into a defensive shell. Try to protect the one-go-lead and it blew up in our posts again. These are covering up the park. Oh. And then diving out there, man, with 19 seconds left going for a belly dive. Because I honestly don't know what's going on anymore. What do you two teams? Well, life goes on. Let's see. Kicks and Master night. We can't turn a clock back. We can't cry over spilled juice. And please keep Chris Wells riding the pine. Okay. Right, Tom, to ride this. Have a great day. Thanks, Neil. Bye. I think he's riding the fans. We have an open line on the out of townline. Just conjure that up in your mind. One triple eight, four, seven, four. Date Counties Gone. Date Counties Long Gone. Six, two, two, two. Wiod, D, where it's 11.59. Koshin, adult, the link ones that work. 6, 10. Wiod, Miami, Fort Launderedate. Oh, Neil. My queen. God. It's an asshole celebration. And they're all out on the street. Sees him on the sidewalk. Oh, hear them shut for their feet. That's 40,000 asshole. Stunned asshole from the native. Steffa side, good people. There's the asshole, no parade. We've got the asshole, free to. The asshole's from mine. The asshole's from Jesus. The asshole's from gun. As whole for justice. As whole for crime. As whole for asshole. The asshole's from all time. Fades of the world. Fades of the world. We've got assholes making money. But making all the rules, Taking all our jobs, There's feeling a fire school As hell's on water, As hell's on the sky And you sign the set-to-kill wanted Only as hell's need of pride Oh, teach you won't you tell me, And I really made the race And my head was not glass, And I just another asshole on the road And I just made the raceTa  palace But as long as it'll let you, as assholes get to vote I want to hurt it's end, that all that soul never dies They just lay in bed in the hope of life As open the morning, as open the night As open the left hand, as close to the grave As 20,000 assholes, just hold from the grave Stuff the side, good and keep all in, assholes on the grave 12th hand, and W.I.D. You know it's going to get very upset right now, George Somebody's going to get real real upset I don't want to, of course, he's probably not listening You see, thought that I was getting a haircut, a lot of was on here Not bad enough that he's eating on the ear And all these other slabs are eating on the ear And doing all of some professional stuff But Aaron Kay, she's going to be foaming it them off Can we get it? Just the, oh yeah, that might do it, but you're paying for it I am paying for it, I'm used to that So anyway, where we going? I can't see a damn thing, can't see anything Here's a curl springs, hello There's a hot topic, I know You mean 25 hot topics? I know they can't even play you off and know the dolphins And not the dolphins, but the marlins are doing well They are? Well, they're, you know, they're still in second place Yeah, probably, we'll fall in another, they're like a brick They're still hold on, I have faith in Lailand But you're, you're, you're, you're, you're rating a little bit down Yeah, on topic that'll get you a 45 share Okay, let's hear it 1972 dolphin season Yeah That's, that looks like this, this, that town, the, don't have orgasms Oh yeah, right Sounds great to me They took each other out like they were dancing All I needed was a little music Yeah, let's bring work, we're back too Right, that'll do it Okay, that's one last thing, yeah You read bone up a team magazine What is it? Bone up a team magazine? What about it? Uh, may issue Nearly they come, and annually they come out So collect as a dish, and this one is called The Italian Countryside, people places and glorious food Okay It's worth picking up Okay, I'll do it Okay And the magazine too Absolutely I'll read it there too Okay, we have an open line at Broward 7679463 20 out of town lines, one triplet 474 WiodD Oh, God, is this been a real draining day You know, draining it, trying to explain to these people I'll tell you, you know, you just can't score a goal Out of penalty, you can't knock the goal, you're off to the side I mean, can you put it, turn it the other way around Can you imagine if like, uh, messier is in there Or one of those guys, and it like spins the bees are off to one side of the net Tell some of Pirouette spins them around like a dredil And in the meantime, the puck like curams into our net These people will be screaming like bloody murder I mean, you know what, you got to understand the rules You got to understand the way it works It's one thing to be a home where it's one thing to roast for your team It's another thing to have like some inkling of why things go on Which most of them don't Hey, but least they're consistent Wait, was rod Here's, uh, what is that? My name is Helo Let's go, rang Let's go to a very good George Ladies and some rise, hello Ladies and some rise Yes, just man I'd want to call your attention To a new book that came out the base to them in the league I'm lying The day by day, you history of baseball from valley towards the present day Say interview the york on CNN and it was wonderful Was it wonderful? I mean, I appreciate hearing it Jackie Robinson's day I don't want to hear about that No, no, no, no I got an up Jackie Robinson to last the lifetime Okay, I'm ready to start drinking caffeinated coffee Just to piss him off Yeah, my dad From valley for to the present day He does telephone interviews I wish you can get him on Okay, next hour, thank you Okay, we have an open line in Broward, what's his name? 7679, four, are you done or are you? That's it I'm going to tell you your dome Well, thank you so much And there's a million dollars And we'll see you again very soon Right? I hope Only if you tip next time What? What does that mean? What is that? Do you know what she just said? No, I did not Only if I tip next time That's right That's not enough To the shop Oh, how do I supposed to know that? Well, you never told me that God, now she made me feel cheap She made me feel cheap Well, there you go sweetheart Oh my God Can you believe that? See, well, if you never would open up your mouth I wouldn't have known that That goes to the shop What a racket they got going That's a hell of a racket I like it Okay, thanks again like I said Okay, let me $50 1214 at WOD But I better go to the bank right now man Family bank Well, there's nothing worse Seriously Than making me feel cheap Because I'm not cheap I happen to be like a big dipper I leave 20 to 30% in a restaurant all the time All the time Unless it's crappy service In which case I don't go back But I feel like Like some kind of a quizzling here Of course it's your fault George You're supposed to find these things out You're supposed to find these things out How much you paid for your haircut 20 And I guess that's where I'm going Back to the shop And another 50 at least I'm going to tell You better watch yourself 1214 at WOD They started doing a family bank And I got sidetracked there Because I got no money left Anyway, if you got a lot of money Or a little bit of money They'll take it They'll take good care of you They'll treat you like a valued customer Banking in America today is in a crisis situation Because you got a handful of big banks The small banks most have been gobbled up They're gone So if you got a complaint too bad They don't give a crap Because they're all big They're bigger than life itself They treat you like a number And a computer Because generally speaking That's all you are Even if you got a lot of money They don't give a flying crap Believe me I had an experience I had many experiences Which you all heard about They sucked So a fire your bank That sucks and go to a great bank Family bank Seven convenient locations in Broward They got your ATN That honors Presto and Sirus and Honor They got to drive through They're open early eight o'clock in the morning Every day they're even open Saturday morning And they got friendly, great people They get to know you and treat you like a manch So a fire your nasty and personal bank And head immediately to Family Bank Remember FDIC 610 WOD When lightning is coming You're at your first If you like that If you like that Like that We like to eat a lot. We like to eat a lot. We like to burn blood. We like to burn blood. All that's fun for luck. We never do all the work. Yeah, 12-18-WID. So I'm just on my hands and knees done here, cleaning up the floor from all this here that's from this fallout. And right in the middle of it, I found this very strange curly, kinky hair. I had one in my mouth once. Oh, look at speaking of that. Speaking of kinky and curly, look who's here and mowing Larry. Sonny Fox. Hi, dude. What's going on? Well, I've been in the car. Getting my hair cut to his parents. I'm getting in the car. I just get my hair cut sitting right here because I'm a big shot. Yeah, I know you're a big fat shot. Right. Anyway, I think you're full of shot. No, I'm sorry. Yeah, we know. I'm very comfortable lately. I've been loving sleeping lately. Good, good for you. By the way, oh, you probably won't know how your station did, huh? 25-54 and 35-64 mornings. What is it? Okay, 25-54 persons in a morning. Right. Radio-A-Morris number one. I got a nine-six. Can you believe that heavy-spick book here? I'm not sure about that. Well, just a minute. I'm just going to have to be down the list. The farther down the list, the happier you're going to be, aren't you? Okay. They're not on the first page. W, there's W, XDJ, which I always get confused with that ain't it. They're not on the second page. Can I have missed it, Sonny? I don't know. They're not on the third page. I must have missed a way, my one-moment place. W, let's see. Not on the first page for sure. W, kiss data. F, L, C, love. Oh, here they are. Three, two, a three, five. Yeah, they keep going down man. They keep going down. They went from, what did they have before? They went, what? What? How was there? They had a five. In the summer, they had a four-eight. Then they had a three-eight. Not on the three-five. They're sliding down a greased pool. And what's the other demo you want? 35, 64. 35, the 64, which would seem to be probably would be their main demographic wouldn't it? That's right. Okay. Six to 10 a.m. Let's take a look at this. Sonny Fox wants to find out if they dropped. They went from a five point. Oh, to a four-point five. So they've gone from a five-eight to a five-point. Oh, a four-point five. They're dropping like a slippery, greased pig. What about the rest of the day, are these two? They've maintained a midday's and stuff? So now you want me to give you all the day parts? No, no, no. I'll give you a midday's. Okay. Well, that make you feel better? Yeah. Okay, midday's 25. Well, of course, you hope that they're dropping all day long. Are you so egotistical? No, no, no, no, no. I just wanted to drop it this morning. Midday, four, two to a four-point. Oh, so they had a slight drop there. Okay, and that's all I'm going to do for because it's killing me. Okay. So what do you think? Well, I think that they've been a build-less new studios over a power before you get there, because if you see what I'm working with a kiss, you're going to freak out. I'm not working with that crap. I'll tell you that. So by the way, how do you like that Ron and Ron show you had an experience to be a part of that? Yeah, I was hoping they'd call me back. Yeah, well, if you saw the numbers, you won't want to be a part of that. They'll look bad on your resume. Don't put it on your resume that you were for an error. Yes? I have a suggestion. You're making a million dollars a year. That's what you say, yeah. Well, whatever. And you're living high in the hog. Yeah. Well, once you do an idea about this, I'll see you for four years. And what's that said, all my money to saw food? No. Put a landline in and do this show from your house. Sounds good to me. Yeah, and you get up. You got the phone bank there. You do this show from your house. I was talking real good with that little dog barking up the storm all day. They would be good to be part of the show. Yeah, knock off 100,000 a year and then put a landline up. Okay. Okay. Thanks, honey. Not. We have two open lines in Broward 767. So sunny is happy because the numbers in Magicard dropping real real bad. They're taking a real dive, a swan dive, a nose dive. But not like here. Not like here. We lost almost 50% of the audience in some day parts. Like this one in certain demographics. Almost 50%. Have vanished. They have vamo's. They've had it. Two open lines in Broward County 767 WOD 767 Puckhead. Here's Cooper City. Hello. I'm going to go back and watch it again because I didn't see it. I'm going to go back and watch it again because I didn't see it. I'm going to go back and watch it again because I didn't see it. Great. I got to believe you if you say that Melon B's fun rickter around. But I didn't see it. And I'm wondering what the feed was. Was it off your satellite? It was the same telecast you saw. Okay. So. But you have to back up the tape. You only saw it once as it happened. How could you have missed it? That's what I'm wondering. Because when you watch it, will you listen to me? Did you watch it from the face off? Yes. No, you didn't. You couldn't have. When you were your. Melon B. I didn't. I couldn't see rickter because of the camera. Yes, you do. Then you didn't watch. You didn't back it up for enough. I won't let me ask you that. Right to the face off. They show the full. The full shot there. You see Richter. You see Melon B coming in from the side. And all of a sudden he and Leech come barreling into Richter. They spin him right around. And then the puck is tipped it at Merrillwelley standing there looking at it. He didn't get his arm up in a year in time. But he's definitely called up penalty. Well, he didn't get his arm up. He didn't blow the whistle. It sounded to me like he said. There was five seconds or so. And I wonder now come. You know, here a whistle. You don't see the arm go up in the place. Yeah. And then there is no controversy. Well, again, if he got his arm up in here, that would have eliminated the problem. But you're still nobody is going to allow the goal when the goal is being pushed out of that. Nobody is going to let the winning goal go in, especially in a playoff game on a goalie interference. It can't happen. Cannot happen. Well, it was the first penalty in what did from the second period on. Yeah. So what about the one on Robotylator in the overtime? They even up call. What about that? Yeah. What about that? I mean, you know, I don't want that. I don't think you do either. But I'm just telling you, was, I mean, I consider an argument with you all day. Go back and look at it again. You will see it. He spun him right around. And when the puck goes in, Rick threw his way off on the far side of the net. He's way off balance. He's not a position because he's been run into. It's not acceptable. It can't happen. I'm going to watch it again. And let me say it again. Dave Heiden is column says a proper goal negating call against the Viscom Island being. He's right. This one is he right. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. Like I said, we got Rob. We love your path. There's we got screwed. Oh my God. There we go. Come on. Everybody out. We don't commit no penalties. We was robbed. I love you too. Chris Wells. You got a big one. Chris. So we hear you. You want to coach your tournament. The shower. I love you, man. I cannot. They all mail in. Yeah. Nice place, God. We have an open line in Brower. We have a 7679463. That's slewfoot. 767Wild. Here is a real expert for you. Here's a man that can really screw it up. I want to throw out some real hot topics. But first I've switched the coach. Would take off his necklaces. Yeah. I'd like to give him a necklaces and a neck brace. Next time I have to see Chris Wells and Joven Aski in airman. That kid. Let me tell you what. He sent an impediment to our lives. I want. In fact, I want to mirror. I want Alex penis to declare today anti eddy Jo Day in the date county. Let me tell you that it's scare the crap out of you the other night when Wells was warm up. Yes. And even in Jim and Jeff Smith were both in practice. And I started counting frantically. And I realized they were just letting them warm up for a future date. Which I don't realize would be so soon. Jovo and someone else were questionable. And they wanted them out on the I. To see whether or not they could play. And obviously they were wrong. Yeah. Jovo is always questionable. But mentally. Anyway, two of the hardest shots I have ever seen take in the one where Shepard hit Richter in the head. Right. Oh my god. And then do you notice that remember about like 30 seconds later. I think that might hit him in the helmet. No kidding, Jeff. Very, very good. I think remember I think somebody spiked his punch last night. You know, I don't mean you carried away. But Chris Morris, sounding better all the time. Anyway. Talk about losing your credibility soon. And by the way, I had to jump out in the car for a while. And Chris Moore is giving more detail now. Easy. Yes. So he's taking some advice. Uh-huh. The other shot. I'm going to give any less. The winning goal. Yeah. The winning goal that hit the camera. Yeah. That was a rocket. Yeah. I mean, and it was just shot. There's just no way he could have stopped that. That is correct. They came in so fast. We're not blaming the keys around that. He had a good game. Okay. I'm blaming the keys are for Obelly flopping air at the end of regulation and panicking. But I'm not blaming them for the winning goal. But our defense. In addition to which your defense was in a panic, which let me say it again. What was its obvious, we keep blowing the lead in the last minute. The guy called before that staggering statistic about 10 times all year long now. You can't keep doing that. How about that cap scheme in Washington, 48 seconds left. They leave Peter Bond where untouched. But I'm being it's in the net. Anyway. And over and over again, as teams got too many blow jobs, man. That's right. That was an Antonio. They're blowing it too much late. What the hell happened in your section the other night? So the cops come over and escort some guys. Some asshole, Ranger, friend. They took the Ranger fan out. Who knows? Okay. And including the two hot topics? Yes. Sox and toilet paper. Have a good effect. We have an open line in Broward. 7679463 767WildD and we have one on it. Oh, and guess what? You know something on that dis number 13? George is going to be real upset about this. Guess what was on that dis number 13 speaking of Paul Harvey Jr. But of course we can always get him to do that again. And we will. 1228 at WIOD. 610WIOD. Little rad, this is my lover. New from Time Lifeless Music. It's the Sanatra compilation that varies the competition. Come, time with me, let's die, let's die away. All right. I sure could use some sarcophagus Because I'll be dead any day. Come, die with me, let's die, let's die away. Don't miss out on the last collection of hits. From old blue eyes before the maggots get to him. Start digging a hole. Because I'll die any day. I'll be a cool cadavering new core. Cool core. Frank Sinatra's greatest hits the final chapter. Yes, the chairman of the board with a fun final farewell. Rigger mortist, Rigger mortist. I'll be stiffer than a two-five-farmist. Ask the Undertaker. To say I've gone to meet my maker. To order, have credit card ready and call 1-800 cadaver. That's 1-800 cadaver. Order today before it's too late. Whoops, it's too late. 1233 at WIOD. We got an open line in the day. 6229463. God, I feel like Samson and reverse. I feel like now that I had that 40 pounds of hair cut off. I got all my energy back. Man, I was really schmutzie. But I'm also very embarrassed. What is her name by the way? Am I embarrassed about that? Becky. Becky, it's close. Is she in there? Oh, hi Becky, there you are. But she's even doing a J-Lean-O. I can't believe that. Becky, you know, hit me up for like an extra 100 bucks. I can't believe that. Only a joke, ma. Now, how much did you pay Becky for your hair cut, George? Do I really have to say on the air because I'm really cheap? Yes, I gave her a tip, though. Yeah, I gave her 25. So the shop gets 20 and she gets five bucks. She's on the clock, I'm sure. Okay, here's Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, how are you? Great. Long time to listener here. This is a point at like last night. Well, get to me, I don't mind losing. Just now one person in this crowd who talks about the fact that for the young team, we blew the lead again with 18 seconds to go. Nobody wants to talk about that. Okay. You're right. Yeah, I'll be doing it. One shot in the last 16 minutes of the third period. One shot on the net. And the funny thing is you see it coming. You see, you see him going into the law. You know, you see him going to that shell and you know, something that almost never ever works. It never, ever, ever works. Right. And I have a question for Doug McLean. It's in the object of the game to try and win it. No. The object is to prove how smart he is now dumb all the rest of us are. That he and Brian Murray are geniuses. And they're going to pedal us, Chris Wells. If we have to lose every game, the rest of the next two years, they're going to pedal to watch just how great he is, whether we want to believe it or not. It's become like an obsession. They're obsessed with this kid. I thought we left behind the era of playing favorites when Roger Nielson left. That's what you think. Yeah. And to lose of all people. I know I know that if we play the the the flyers or the devil, you know, we're playing against the higher caliber team, but to the Rangers, that would be the ultimate. Right. And it's right to lose to those New Yorkers will be out there just not that good. And you know, something, what happens if they're not feeling their age as much as we think to hear what happens if they get rejuvenated from pulling a game out and overtime last night. And they come back and kick our ass tonight. What do we do then? Exactly. Exactly. We've played one period again last night. We played the second period. And that was it. I'm going to say it again. You got to do it during the season, but especially during the playoffs. The game last 60 minutes. You got to go out there and have a 60 minute effort. And we didn't do it. Yeah. I'm waiting for you. Bobby need your marriage. He was flying. He was great. And a couple other guys, but other than that, we didn't do it. I'll open maybe the coach who call you. Yeah. Hold your breath. Remember when you told the police truck. I think it's the best. This coach is too smart for me now. He's too smart for all of us. He's an expert. Well, he should look back at you last year's tapes. And he should realize it. Okay. Thank you. Good luck to us, pal. See you. Two open lines in day six to two nine four six three six two two. They are violently pissed off. We got robbed. Then Merrill Wellie is the anti-Christ. We got screwed. Etc. So on. Don't believe what that fat bag on a radio says. He don't know what this game. Don't believe him. And by the way, you notice how fast that guy came by with a son sent a low He was dropping it off here, not with his version of the son sent a low Or Dave Joseph allegedly wrote all this stuff that we still haven't seen Which I don't believe. Here's a lady in West Palm Beach. Hello. Hello. Gone. Lady in West Palm Beach is gone. What a shame. Two open lines on the out of town lines. Sorry, lady. Sorry. We couldn't hang out long enough for you. Or was it the other way around? One triple eight four seven four nine four six three one eight eight eight Four seven four wiod and Palm Beach and Peoria in Batavia in Geneva in Utica. Here's Carl Gables on a mobile. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, are you okay? Listen, long time listener. Sorry. I'm a Ranger fan. You guys were a lot last night. I don't think that they should have this allowed that goal in a long time. Wrong. Wrong. Well, I don't know. It's a matter of opinion. It didn't look like much happened there. But you didn't see it. You didn't see it. Maybe I didn't. It did happen rather quick, but it just like it should have been this loud. Okay. And I'm very happy that there are the Panthers won the first game because I've got tickets for Friday night's game. And had they lost their first game? I might not be able to go see the game. Okay. It's going to be a sweet meal. I'll see you there. Last Panther game they won. How do you sweep in five games? Well, you're right. I'm sorry. I'm not on there. They won't win another game. Okay. Whatever you say, pal. Have a great luck. I'll do that. We want to first get my all. Okay. So here's the paper. The guy was right. Did not just get through saying I believe that guy sounded very sincere to me. Sounded Jewish. He wouldn't lie. Well. So anyway, I'll see it's a different. It's a dog. It's a whole different version. See it's a different version of the paper from the one I get. How do you like that? It's a whole. What is this? It's not even a same article. It's a different thing. It's a whole different thing. Cosa brought class and insight on a sideline. Oh, it's not even a, is this today's paper? When's the April 23rd? I don't get it. Different addition for different local. But it's not the same article. It's a, it's Zellers apology is labor than his joke. How do you like that? So I guess he's picking up the, the baton for Michael Mayow there and ripping though. And by the way, fuzzies, Zellers not Jewish. We had several reports confirming. I don't think he's circumspect. How do you like that? So it's a totally different article. One in my papers all about the hockey game. And then inside it says Cosa brought class and insight to the sideline and Buffalo Goli Dominic Hasherk shows how fortunate the Panthers were in writing John Van B's book last season. We were writing him. Oh my god, don't get so about it, B'ser. It's a shame that Muriel, me, ends his ride this way. Everybody is riding it according to Dave Hyde rhymes with ride. And he's got a bunch of crap in here, okay? I guess this article, this column must have been written before our game was over. And I'm saying like for the real super early edition that they put this in there because our game wasn't over yet. So almost nobody saw this. He misses albums. He misses Bernie Cosa's class, insight and intelligence. Miss more than his throwing. It says Neil Rogers, the only franchise player in South Florida radio will mean more to WQAM's ratings than the Dolphins Panthers or Marlins. Like I said, you know, that Dave Hyde, a genius. Always love Dave Hyde. A legend before his own time. Here's Western, hello. Western. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. First part, what is your opinion some Chris Moore? I don't know enough about what you think about him. But what? Well, he blows. He blows. He's the worst I ever heard in my life. He heard the first about eight or ten minutes of his speech at 12 o'clock. And he goes exactly against what you're saying. And he even brings out the rule book stating that the liberate conflict with the goalie. If it's not deliberate, then it should have been that goal should definitely have been allowed. And he's in random radio to about about 10 or 15 minutes. So let me say it again. You can't make contact like that and spin the goalie around and have a puck go in. Have a goal go in as a result of it. It is not allowed. I don't care what he's smoking. It is not allowed. He's not allowed. He's standing on the, and he's seen the replay probably from his truck as well. That it leech brought him into the goalie. And that's, uh, he's full of crap. He's absolutely full of crap. I watched it 20 times. Is there any way that you guys could get each other on the phone there? I'm not going to argue with him. Why would argue with him who's nothing more than a page show for the team? All these broadcasters on those games. They are nothing more than page shows for the team. You're just interesting to hear the two of you guys debate it out. I don't want to do. I don't think they debate with him about he's a lightweight. I'm not going to debate with him. Even you are even there. They were saying that even from the New York column, the surriders of their regreen, that the call was bad. Okay. Whatever you say. All right. I disagree vehemently. Okay. Okay. Chris Morse says it was a goal. Okay. That convinced his me. I mean, all these people talking about well, there was nobody in the crease. And why don't they go upstairs? The people who were broadcasting that game didn't have any idea why the goal was disallowed. What the hell was going on? But hey, they're right now. I'm wrong because I know nothing about it. We have an open line in Broward, 767, just like all season long when I'm talking about trading Jove andowski and certain people I don't want to mention no names. Oh, they're not going to trade him. He's like the franchise. Okay. Whatever you guys say, you're the experts. All new people that sit in the stands, chanting, Eddie, Eddie. You're the experts man. That's why he said on the bench for half the game. Look, for more than half the game last night. That's why it's about the third time that he's been benched during a game because he's a liability out there. But everybody else is the expert in this town. And God forbid, you should have a descending opinion like you will try to watch it a little bit objectively. Like here's reality going on in front of us. Oh no, you're wrong. We were screwed. Okay, fine. We got Rob. Come on, let's go. We love your panthers. We really got screwed. Come on, let's get it. Let's go. Oh, the way you stay there's more if all of you. Every time one of our guys gets checked, it's a panel. Every time we hit somebody else every time we do a put a stick in their post. And let me say it again, I haven't heard from one person here today yet. Tell me anything about Chris Wells getting a stick up in Mark Messier's face and opening up a cut bigger than the God damn Mississippi River there right on his chin with gallons of blood spilling all over his body, which I enjoyed, by the way, because I hate to range his and Mark Messier. But nobody's talking about that that nobody saw that should have been at least a four and maybe a five minute major penalty during which God only knows how many goals they might escort. Nobody is talking about that. Because they haven't got our freaking clue. That's why Chris Moore, my ass. The more I hear him, the less I can stand it. We was robbed. No, I make no mistake about it. Okay, this was all just a joke today. We were robbed and we're going to appeal it to Gary Beppen and God in Jesus and Moses and Abraham and maybe even Joseph Smith. How do you like that? And fuzzy seller. And that freaking fuzzy seller too, that you bet. Oh, he's not that guy. Whatever he is. Oh, man, I got a headache now. I have a headache that you wouldn't believe. 1244 at WIO deal. 16WIO deal. Visual hardy station of the American family Federation. Fuck it in and hold it. And now a royal flash. Princess Ty, are you in there? Yes. Could you bring Princess to me? Yeah, okay, bitch. 1249 at WIO deal. We were robbed. We got screwed. It was one of the worst calls I've ever seen in my life. I think we ought to have a congressional investigation. We better call up Don Cherry. Everybody at the CBC. We better call up John Quarchand, the Prime Minister of Canada. They know something about this. Let's get Gary Beppen down here and write his ass out of town on a rail. Come on, what do you say? Dan Merowwelly, how's the time to tell you to me? I wouldn't be surprised if he's got Pizon and Sichilia. Wouldn't surprise me. Pizoni, here's the sunrise, hello. Sunrise, yes sir. It is. Yes. Sure any game last night? What game is that? The hockey game. Oh, yeah. The Nissan rim job. What were they moaning about about old, the hometown scoring with the shots on goal? The hometown first of all, obviously all five specials from a different city for the playoffs. Yes. And what, what, what, in addition to which, let me, are you still here? I'm there. Let me just tell you one other thing. Nobody cares about that. Because he's, what is the point? What is? Exactly. And it was also, I know. I know. I know exactly when you were talking about, they were talking about the fact Grisky shot one, three feet wide and they showed us a shot. It was during a very crucial part of the game. And again, it's one of those examples of people start meandering and wandering around, talking about stuff that is nothing to do with anything. Which doesn't build up these suspense and excitement of the game. But I mean, far beyond for me to start critiquing other people in a way that they present something, but I'm not interested in hearing about the most exciting overtime games in these potfam was ever, and I'm not interested in hearing about anything that these potfam was ever in, whether it's a game, a bar, whatever it held away in a dress, I don't care what it was ever in. Because guess what, he doesn't play for the Panthers. We have an open line in Broward, 7679, 463. Here's Boca. Hello. Let's go, friend. There's a Ranger fan with a sock in his post. I'll write. Great Ranger fan. There's a blue axlin. Put your back on a subway with Brunny Gets. And by the way, pal, here's another one for you. Here's Kendall. Hello. You know, I couldn't agree with you more on all your insights into the game last night. Yes. First of all. Oh, now you're going to get Ian all up, sir, because you were agreeing with me. Well, you know, if I didn't agree with you, I really would say it. First, you know, of course I was upset when that happened. But looking at it as I did, as you suggested, to these fair weather fans down here, that really no nothing is true. I mean, the goal, but the bottom line was, is if you were to play the way you're supposed in the third period, not this would have happened. You can't keep blowing the lead with a handful of seconds left and then start belly again, because as I'm called, later on in the game, you cannot get blowing the lead. This team has done this over and over and over again. That's why we had 75 million ties this past season because the team cannot play with a lead. And the thing is, as the check it is, I was after the first period of thinking that these guys going to be going to come out and kick some ass and they did. They did. And played one great period of second period. I was like, what, I mean, where, you know, it ended? I couldn't, let me just, I want to tell you something. When the bees are made that belly flop to try to, you know, it was coming. At that point, I let out a screen like, what are you doing and before I could finish the sentence, the clock was in the net. You know what I'm saying? You could just smell it coming. And as far as the commentators, less mentioned the better, but I agree with you. Who cares about 1979? How there was 80 shots on going? I can understand if you're doing a regular season game, okay? And what, what are you doing? Or a head five to one, or we're losing five to one, we're getting our ass kicked. Then you feel some time, okay? But during a playoff game, you try to build up the excitement. You know, I'm switching back before, between the CBC, I'm watching Edmonton Dallas last night, which again was a hell of a game, Dallas winning fourth three. And it looked like Edmonton was going to go, they scored again with a minute left and then you're tied it up again. But you listen to the difference in just the sound, the crowd noise and the excitement of the announcers and the way the game is being presented and the drama. You listen to that and then you turn on our telecast and you're listening to people talking about somebody played 40 years ago. And I crap. And I mean, you've got to be able to present this as what it is. You play all season long to get to this nine weeks. These are the Stanley Cup Freak Playoffs, baby, presented like it's something special. And we're talking about 20 years ago. Yeah. Present it like it's something special, not like it's a piece of chop liver. And what the rumor was saying with the shots on the break is exactly. But it's like, I mean, I mean, I mean, who cares if I don't get to have 50 shots on going on the head 10? The bottom one is he's sitting. Since they started sticking all these jokes on there, doing these games, everybody, all these jokes think that all the rest of us want to hear about when they played and all these self-deprecating jokes from a gym, comor and this one and that and done. Sutton, I don't give a crap about any of that. I want to hear a real professional announcer call a game, make it exciting. And the color guide adds something when there's a break in the action like hearing yielders on a CBC and interject something that might be a little bit humorous or a little bit informative and give you some insight as to what's going on. And then do a little voice over on the replays. And that's it. That's what I want to hear. Unfortunately, I don't get the CBC. I'm a slipper. I don't have a satellite dish. But the thing is, I smelled it coming as soon as Rick went to the bench. You just knew, because the Rangers have pulled off these last minute of Rolex. And as much as I hate the Rangers, we didn't, we just, I mean, we went back into a show that third person. I couldn't believe that. In the last 16 minutes, okay? You know, so all these people that have come to mind. This is the strategy of Doug McClayn who played this Roger Nielsen. Let's go into a show. Let's go back to a coma. Let's sit on a one-go lead and guess what? Like I said, it almost never, ever works. So all I could say is these guys better come up pump tonight because let me tell you something. We go down three to one. It could be ugly. And at least the ranch lost. Yeah, that Chicago was given them a run for their money. So, you know, at least there's some consideration or kneel. It's not important that we win, but that they lose. Exactly. And you know what? And I'll remember your buddy, but you got to smack him around a little bit. We're going to be tough. We're going to beat the Snot out in when he comes back. All right. Okay. Later. We have an open line in date. Six to two. Don't look at me. I don't know what it was. And I don't want to know. Six to two. Wiod in date. We have two open lines in Broward. 767, 463. So the consensus is about everybody connected with that telecast last night. Stop. That's the general consensus around here. The open lines in Broward 767, Wiod. Do you have anybody left in the audience? Not what these numbers show here. It's deadly, baby. It is deadly. And where did they go? They didn't go to QAM except they have to do in the Humper did good. But other than that, the rest of the day, they had like the same old crap. Same old stuff over there, huh? I sure hope they keep up there right at the bargain until I get over there. I sure hope those checks are going to be okay. Okay. I better not mention who was here before. Should I mention her name on the air? Huh? I don't want to mention Lillio. Lillio is a friendly new. Lillio. See now we understand what was going on here all that time. Remember, because Lillio was always very conscientious and very good. Then all of a sudden it was like, hey, what's going on here with the copy and with your spots and where is she? She was getting out while he was getting was good. Nice going sweetheart. See you soon. Two open lines in date. 62294636222Wiod. If you want something great for free, pick up your instrument right now and maybe you're phone to pick it up. That's right in there. Reach wherever you're hiding it. Okay. Yank your phone out and call 1-800-4 Hydron. And our friends at Hydron Technologies will gladly send you a copy of their extensive expansive great catalog showing you all their skincare products for men for women and everybody else. And a free sample too. See you can try it for yourself. Everybody I've talked to was sent away for the stuff says you were right man and stuff is great. And it is. For example, if you play sports, mental ice from Hydron is the perfect product for you. Like for your aches and pains in the bruises and whatever else is aching you. You'll also want to be sure to try a Hydron hand lotion because Hydron products moisturize your skin without leaving it feeling greasy. Here's how a Hydron works. As it dries on your skin it creates that invisible shield that is water insoluble, moist your holding and long lasting. The sheared lets your skin breathe by letting the oxygen in and the carbon dioxide out. Maybe we should smear some on any Joe's. Right, though. That might not hurt. Even a Hydron cleanser won't take away your skin's natural protection the way so many skin care products can do. So if you want to check it out for yourself and the price is right, even the call is free. Just pick up the phone right now. They'll send you the free catalog and the free sample to Hydron. It's amazingly good stuff. Call 1-800-4 Hydron 1-800-4H-Y-D-R-O-N. Knock it off. We're trying okay. 610 W-I-O-D Miami Ford Lonerdale. The water's a two hour. It's straight from the Vatican, introducing new Catholic life. The religion with one third the guilt of your regular faith. You Catholic life satisfies your need for Christianity, but it doesn't fill you up with a lot of doctrine. Mark a feeling. Mark a feeling. Mark a feeling. Catholic life, there's no confessions, no servants, and no lingering afterlife. It's the perfect alternative for modern agnastics who don't want to take any chances. Our services are held three times a year and they're only 15 minutes long. Plus there's no added guilt for sneaking out during communion. We've dropped that too. For our church, Mavilla, your neighborhood. Hey, you may be in the front view. For you of little faith, try Catholic life, because a little faith is all you need. 104 W-I-D, guess what's on sports channel right now? There it is. It's on again. So if you're wide by the way, you've got a long way to go. Almost 12 minutes left in the third period. We're head three to two. And we haven't coughed up the lead there in the last 20 seconds yet. But those of you who are like arguing and debating and all worked up to a frenzy just hit your ass down. Erickson, the small dish now on 319 permanently sports channel Florida. And it's on your cable system. So there it is. And when you get to about 2.5 minutes of the overtime, if you watch real close right after that face off to the left of Richter, you'll see what happened. Okay, and if not, you'll never see it again, because they don't show it again, because they didn't have the foggy as clue what happened. Good line in date, but Chris Morris says, okay, whatever he says is okay with me. 622Wild D in date, open line in Broward 767. Here's Gainesville. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Great. Why would you want to watch that game again? I don't. Anyway, it's, you mean you're right? They played last night. He reminded me of like the first two years of the Panthers. Yeah. I mean when they... Roger Wilson. It was just like, I mean, if this was a regular season game, it'd be like boring, you know? Second period. Second period was great. The rest of the game was, uh, Koma inducing in our party. It's, I was rude. I mean. And even though it was an overtime game, let me say it again. The Rangers had 45 shots. It's a second game in a row. They've had they peppered us with over 40 shots. Did you, um, did you watch the, uh, the Phoenix and I'm game last night? Uh, I saw a little bit of the early part of that game. I want, I want that game. I have a question, uh, who wanted? I don't know. I only watched the first period. Why was everyone wearing every one? Every single period? Because in, in that was the tradition in Winnipeg. The winner, the Winnipeg, just before they moved to Phoenix. So they said, if we make it in the playoffs, we want to keep that tradition alive down here. So they asked all the fans to show up and why. It was a tradition in Winnipeg. Probably. Yep. That was, it looked really weird. It was great though. I know. Just every single person was right. When I'm glad you mentioned that because I sure like to find out who won that game. Uh, I didn't, I don't know. I didn't do it too late. I know Dallas beat the oilist for the three and what another would tremendous game. But I don't know about the other one. Yeah. I want to talk about it. And I'm sure you probably talked about this already, but the game on Sunday, I was at that game. Actually, I said I'd either. Right. But um, I, in the section, section I was in, there's this guy. I think he's a guy that starts that refuse suck chant. Not the rag guy. What section was that? Well, I, I set up in, uh, 2014. Oh. And there's a guy who's like two rows behind me. Yeah. And he starts this refuse suck chant, right? And like everyone starts to chant that same thing. And this was right after that. I don't remember that carpin' off, so the carpin' off penalty. Yeah. Where he like through a punch, right? Right. And he got caught roughing. I mean, that's a legitimate call, right? Yeah. But does make any difference with that? Well, that group of assholes up there. Anytime we get a penalty. Hey, refuse suck, including the time when they called the double minor, which game was that? This was not too long ago. They called the double minor against the other team. Right. We got the power play. And because these people were such assholes, that was the most embarrassing moment of the four years we've had the franchise. When people are screaming, hey, refuse suck, because they don't realize that we got the extra, they got the power play. I was at that moment, Sunday. I mean, and this is not Fox. National TV seen all around the world. Right. And they're seeing how stupid. I know. I was really like, I mean, well, when is the day going to come? I mean, it's four years already. I realized it. And I don't know any of that. But how about all the people who are here from the Northeast and the Midwest? They shouldn't be like something from outer space to them. How come we don't have more people here who know something about what's going on? I mean, it's not just it's not just hockey either. I mean, I go to a lot of Marlon's games. Yeah. Oh, if you listen to the conversations that are going on, it's about everything except baseball. When they do try to talk about baseball, they have no understanding of the rules. A simple game like baseball, they don't understand that. Have to people there. This is what happens. They just go there in late, by the way. Yeah. Like getting in your shop. And leave early. And the walk up in the aisles and block my view. Yeah. So talk, they'll just talk the whole game, leave in the like the 70s. And that's it. And I don't even know why they went. And I'm there trying to wash the game. Exactly. That's the question. Why do they go? And I keep asking that about some of the people in my section who usually pay very little attention to what's going on on the ice. Why are they there? What are they doing there? If they want to have a social club, let them go to a bar somewhere. Let them go to one of their guys house and have a drug and party. Okay. But why the hell are they there? Just to disrupt everybody else's enjoyment of the game? Yeah. And another one of the one. Another. I'm just trying to like I'm just meant to hear. I mean the other thing to do at these Marlins and Panterscans is that teacher throwing thing. Yeah. And at the Marlins games they do it between innings, right? Yeah. And like they're still doing it as the game already started. And like the game's already is coming back. I mean they're starting to throw in pictures already. And they're still like chucking kishars. Well, welcome to Miami. Welcome to Miami. Welcome to Miami. Oh, it's like killing each other for me. Wait till they start giving out passes to the early bird. Ah, geez. I mean, it was. It's. It's. I mean, I like watching baseball. It's my favorite sport. Yeah. I just these men. Sometimes I just don't have a great life. Pal. See you man. Hang in there. Open line in the out of town line. One triple eight four seven four nine and thanks for calling 6 10 W. Y. D. We don't say that on the show. We should be saying that a lot more, you know? Because that always impresses me when I hear certain people always saying. And thanks for calling W. Y. O. D. It just, uh, it does it for me. Ha ha ha. Anyway, here's the watching that game. Now, look at that. Look at that. I can't play a game life slider. What he was spectacular was sensational. He went all. Mellow me just fell down. Must have been a penalty by list. Even though he didn't touch it. Must have been a penalty. We got screwed again. Hit that robot time. Hit that pussy. Come on. Hit him. What is this? It says, uh, change top of no more Panthers to. Yeah. Okay. Change the topic. Go change your toilet paper. Will you go bend over? I think you got an important facts coming in pal. Here's candle. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Phoenix 1-1. Nothing. Damn it. And corkham scored on a backhand or late in the third period. But another goal taken away in the crease by the ducks. I think. Rooking scored. Right. And the guy. I think like a little bit of his toe was in the crease. And they took it away. I mean, the thing is like. Don Cherry says the worst rule in the history of sports. I think there was another maybe two or three get. Maybe decide that one. Another goal was definitely taking away last night. I don't know which game it was. I was actually disappointed because I think not yesterday. Maybe the day before you said that possibly the Rangers' pet that was going to be on the CBC. I forgot that. I forgot that they had Montreal New Jersey last night. Plus the earlier Dallas game. Yeah. Because I can't stand Rimmer. I'm going to tell you that. That performance last night was the all time confused and bizarre. And like off the wall. Yeah. I really care about how many shots they were in that game. 83 to see. I don't know. The little Fontaine game when they beat Washington. Yeah. Right 25 years ago. I think I was maybe in grade school back then. I don't care about that. I want to know what's going on the game. It's ridiculous. They are the J-Band off and Gary Carter of hockey. Okay. I'll tell Rimmer. I'll tell alligator Rums. All right. See you. Have a good one. We have an open line in day six to two nine four six three. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. First of all, a couple things. I couldn't agree with you more about Mike Richter. That's showing Mike Richter when the older action is going on down the other end. Can you believe that? It was amazing. I mean, the game is going on. Okay. All you have to do is say Rick to restill and then that we don't have to see it. Or you can do I know it's very revolutionary. But like they do on all the other games. How about a split screen where we see for just a couple of seconds. Here's Rick or still. Rick, you're still in the net down there. But in the meantime, you don't miss any of the action. I'm telling you the technical ability of the sports channel crew in presenting these games. You can't complain about it because they don't have any. Exactly. I'm not existing. And my favorite thing about last night is when RIM jobs said, and it's not bad enough that they didn't allow the goal. But he got a penalty on top of it. Yeah. Which was amazing. Clueless. I mean, I know idea that they had called a penalty or what it was about. And like I said, nobody in the truck is like finding anything out or rewinding the tape just another five seconds back to the face up. So we have some insight as to what's going on. And most people are not taping the game, by the way. So most people, I mean, I'm Tony, I watched it over and over again this morning and unless you, you know, why I didn't have it on tape unless you watch it. You're never going to see what happened. They didn't show it again. Yeah. I mean, they showed it from a certain point. Just like that goal, just like Ticanins goal at the end there. Oh, yeah. Well, and we're waiting an interpretable amount of time. And I'm screaming show us something. You must have some kind of a replay. And all they show us is the thing from inside the net. And you see a lot of blur. You see nothing. Exactly. Unbelievable. I agree. And the other thing is the Rangers tank during the second period too because they made the, I'm a Rangers fan, but I also like the Panthers. Yeah. But they made the, they made the Panthers look like they had a 40% power play because they just stood back and let them get in perfect formation. Yeah. I like I said the Rangers haven't showed me much of this. I don't think you're the teams going too far. Right. Right. You watch these other games. You see some real intense playoff hockey. And you watch this muddling around. It's going on here. And you're wondering, what else going on here? Yeah. I agree. And in closing, I'll say that the NBA's procrastinating horrible, but last year was unconscious and people should probably appreciate that more now. Okay. That's the calculator. See you. Bye. We have an open line of day at 6-2-2-9-463. KLS-6. Here's a fact from Eric and Orlando, one of our radio gropey groupies, who says KLS-6 used to be a legendary classic rock station Los Angeles. They recently changed to the Hot Talk format. Exor from Radio Call of March 7, 1997 by Richard Wagner, Koppley Los Angeles newspapers. KLS-6's format is in trouble. He says, and it would even greater extent, KLS-6 is underperforming. KLS-6 has been a laughing stock ever since adapting Walter Sabos talked for more ons format. Perhaps it is time to dump it and try something else. Something like, let me think, a successful talk format. Or better yet, put classic rock back on KLS-6. KLS-6 now, by the way, is also known as real radio, 97.1, sound familiar. You folks up there in Orlando, like Eric? Who also says, QAM comes in great up here in Orlando, by the way. Thank you, Eric. I feel like that. Walter Sabos is drawing radio stations from coast to coast, unbelievable. This man, I'm telling you, he could screw up the pulp. He could screw up an orgasm this guy. It's on it, sir. A man, oh man, it's frightening when you come right down to it. Isn't it? I had one in my mouth once. 115, a WIO-D. 610, WIO-D, when lightning is coming, Q and E are first. The work felt pretty other than my life at WIO-D. After miserable attempts at comedy and being a nice guy, shortening his back, as the refrigerator. Please, maggots. Yeah, what you going through, about in your big Q? Exactly, roughly. What's society and enough people? Who else are you going to turn to? Oh, help! He's getting away. I can't help you. Oh yeah, try this. Ice coming sour, bro. Ice being... It... Reckless. Urging the forces of evil, shortening her ideas, re-courges later. I like it. I'll bet. Okay, 115, WIO-D. We have an open line on the other townline. One triple eight, 47, 49, 46, 3. 3 and a half minutes left in the regulation, by the way, if you're not watching sports channel. 3, 30, like I said, we're more 3 and a half minutes, I'm counting right now. So very soon, I'll be showing you over time, and Emma will watch it. It'll happen while her show is still on the year. And you'll see it, and you know something? If you really have been brainwashed out, but you'll still say, we got robbed, okay? In fact, before that comes up, I have a feeling, though, that we're going to see the end of the goal score, that tied it up. Are we going to see that with just a few seconds left again? We might just see that. Here's Holly, would he? Is he crying yet? No, yeah. God. Listen, I wanted to bring up the MSEA thing, Neil. On the gashie took. Yeah. Okay. That wasn't just a gash, it was like a head of his chin got, yeah. It was open. It was quite serious. He gave it. But the other thing, he went right to the bench. Yeah. And, you know, they plugged it up, no problem. Did you see the end of the first period? And I forget his name, Blinky got hit, and the guy with the bad eyes. And he's standing there with his stick broken half. And he's Linky. Yeah, the guy with the eye problem on the Panthers. With the beard. Lorry? Yeah. He's standing there mowninin, whining. He broke my stick. He broke my stick. Broke his one? Oh, stick. Right in half. Yeah. And he's waiting on a call. And I think that if guys like him and Mike Lane would stop yelling at the referees and just do your damn job. Play the game. I mean, the referee stink. We all know that we've had plenty of crappy calls against us. We've also been crappy calls. We benefited from. But the fact is you got to go out there and play the game and stop always looking. We're starting to become like a bunch of crybaby. That's what I see us now as we're starting to be the crybaby's league. Yeah. And it really takes away. I mean, it was not the officials that blew a three to two lead with the 19 or 20 seconds left in the game for the umteam time this year. It wasn't Dan Merrill, well, he or the linesman did that. It was us. And last time I checked it wasn't the referees. They got three shots on netting a third period. I don't think Merrill, well, he made the line up and put Chris Wells in there. And I don't think Merrill, well, he's the guy that said Jovenowski's great and put him on a line up. And then had a sit him on a bench for two periods because he kept coughing it up. And you know, the fans down here. He's the damn gritsky man. Do I hate him? Why hate him? I hate him. I hate him, man. I don't want to see him again. But listen, I don't want to see that needle nose dickhead again. Before you start going off. Yeah. If you look at it and the way that game was played in the third period. What are you saying? You're saying that there's there's something that they can reach down and pull an extra breath and come back and put on a perform. Yeah, like that. See, one of the problems is when you're intentionally running a short bench because the first of all, Lindsey got hurt. So then you got Jovenowski sitting on a bench. You're playing four and a half defensemen because laws you're not playing very much for whatever reason I don't know. And by the end of the game, man, he's four guys there. Murphy and Warner and Carcner and who else, Spala. Those four guys are playing a whole game. Exactly. You can't do that. You can play five defensemen, a whole game and maybe get away with it. But not four. Nobody can get into a rhythm. And if you can't get into rhythm, it's just going to be a hot spot, Johnite. And you can't play two periods of hockey. Yeah. And then we only played one. We didn't play two periods. We played one. A corner of the room. I don't care what rumor has to say. Okay. The rimman, we got to work on those alligator room. And the worst in the words of Larry King, worst broadcasting I've ever heard. Have a great day. Okay. We have an open line of broward, 767. Okay. Here we go. Come down, remember. Oh my god. I just wanted to puke all over the carpet when they lived in that time. When a bees are took that belly flop. Where are you going, bees are? What are you doing now? Here's Stewart on a mobile. Hello. Hey, Nehide. Great. I definitely agree with you on the quality of the CBC games. First of all, we have here. Yes. I feel sorry for the developers. I can't afford a addition. Our clue is that they don't know what the real action is. Hey, I've only been following hockey. I think three years now. And I even knew what the goal wasn't going to replay. It was the penalty, like you say. And you guys will see professionals saying, why isn't it going to replay? They can't understand it. Not how big it gets a penalty. Yeah. And then the coaches over there pointing upstairs and screaming in the yellow and McLean is curing on. You don't go upstairs on a penalty. Okay. There was nothing to review. It had nothing to do with the man in the crease. And Denise and Rimmer are both screaming. Oh, look at that. He's not even close to the crease. That wasn't the debate. I'm weak. Trying to explain it. Okay. To these people out there who just don't get it. Part of the reason they don't get it is because it wasn't shown to them. Exactly. I mean, I'm not saying I agree with the call of the time because I didn't see it. I'm going to have a whole flake and catch it and see it good. But just I'm going to admit it. We got to admit it. We got to admit it. Minute left in regulation, sir. Hang on a second. Oh, no. It's coming. Richter just went off. Oh, we got a whistle here. Okay. We did this on the home opener too. Yeah. Yeah. But we had a few Synaq in Los Alijim. We got a really crappy icing call. That was a bad call by that lines been at Trotchef Frog. But in this game, we got no excuse to nobody to blame. But ourselves. We got to learn that the best defense is to keep the puck over there. And not only that, but it seems to me that even though we had the one goal this lot, we were still alive there in overtime. And we still had a chance to win the game. And they're the ones that got the winning goal. Yeah. What do we have three or four shots in the whole third period? Well, the last 16 minutes we had one. I think it was one. Three or four in a whole third. The last 16 minutes, one shot. Are you ready for that, sir? Yeah. And the overtime, they were all of us like stink on, uh, stink on wells. And, uh, easily, Joe van Ascky's worst game. I think. I wouldn't say easily. I don't know. He didn't get, we didn't give him enough chance to be out there to make it his worst game. He is, he is an impediment man. He's a killer. I mean, obviously, like you said, all these guys, Chen, Eddie, Eddie, and look at like, Rhett Warner. Probably have the people who know who he is and look at the game he usually. There you go. Have a great day, Paul. See ya. Gotta go now. Gotta go now because it's coming. Oh, there's Adam Graves coming out there. He makes me sick too. They all make me sick. When I got that Ranger uniform on, I want to puke. Look at that black hogs five Colorado 2, 1 up 6, 3, by the way. We don't care about that. Okay, we're not interested. Remember, let's go. Here, there's the empty net down at the other end. There's the empty net. Get ready. Get the barf bags ready, folks. Get your puke. Here we go. Can't get it out. Nice going, Terry. Couldn't get it out. And now we start running around 45 seconds back to the point. Still can't get it out. Finally got it out. Nice going, Jody. There's the one guide, Jody Hallman. Give a big kiss for me. Nice going, Jody sweetheart. Oh, I'm getting ready to vomit all over my shoes. Right over the Beezer stick. Couldn't stop it back in that. Here we go. 25 seconds. Here he comes. Don't do it. I did it. I can't tie him out there. That stick in Robert Ty's stuck it in there. He did it again. Wouldn't you think he wouldn't do it today? He did it last night. He got burned by he does it again today. Beezer don't do it. I told him don't belly flop out there. They're going to any did it again. Damn him. Here's Del Rey Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Great. Sick. I'm so proud of you. Yeah, me too. I don't know if you lindy doubt tonight. He is. And so is Bill Burke for the Rangers. Yeah. And you know, it's interesting because Burke went down like a ton of bricks in the Sunday game. Here you remember that for about three minutes? Oh yeah. And last night I said it might have been a broken ankle. Uh huh. Any, didn't you play last night? Yeah, but I'm saying what he finally got hit again. I didn't hear what the exactly the injury was. It might have been broken ankle. I said. Also, you're watching Sports Channel. I'm watching right now. The Beezer is looking and looking and looking. And he's got just don't do it. Just stay in the net. Just stay back. Keep your composure. He's looking for the puck. Anyway, come and splap it out there. Oh no. Oh, and Messier took a whack at it and went right over to Robotie. And he stuck it into wide open net. It's not on my cable. You've got to put 40 bowling balls in here, man. It's not on my cable right now. I'm not. I have no clue. Are you on Sports Channel, Florida? Yeah. It's on. 42. And they got some travel thing on her. Nice. Isn't that nice? Beautiful. I would call your cable company right now and bitch their ass out. Oh, I've already done it before. Yeah. And just for all time sick. And also Jovenowski. Yeah. At least he got two assists but to the wrong team. That's right. He's got a lot of points. It's just that they're not for the right team. If we can just put those on his stats, he'd be a killer. Oh, yeah. And Chris Welle. Why? Okay. That's excellent. He's some of the up. Why should I waste all this verbiage on it? Okay. Why? That's good. I like that. Maybe the coach likes to eat it the why. We have an open line in Broward 7679463 767Wild. We have two open lines on the other town lines. Man, you are brutally as today or right or today. Whenever it was Rogers, you've brutalized us. I know I'm going to be here in that too bad. I'm just telling you the way I feel about it. I'm giving you my opinion. Maybe I'm full of crap. I don't think so. I think I watched the same crap that you saw. But hey, it's only a game. Okay. It's only a sporting event. Life is going to go on. We'll kick their ass tonight. Won't we? Won't we? Isn't confident so hard to make it a prediction? No. Come on. Make a prediction for tonight. No. I mean, yesterday I was pretty close. I said 42 and it was 32 and I'm already counting the empty net goal. And I'm saying, I am absolutely sure I've got to write on the money 42. Give me some kind of a score for tonight. Come on. I will not give it to you. Just any kind of a score. I will not give it to you. Come on. No. Damn it. 128 is Wild. There's a 15 seconds. Look at how to make another big stand for God about that in regulation. Remember that? Oh my god right there in the last. Just right after the face off it's center race. Had to make another life in debt safe because the Rangers were all of our likes to stink on wells. Yeah. God I'm getting sick from seeing this again. 610 Wild. Happy promise. There's Lady and some. She's an Orthodox Jew. And she needs to vibrate that is unlethaven. Oh, I can't see. She's buying right at 7. He's there. Oh, and the bread is under. So clear channels about what's stations. 133 at Wild. Happy. And what is this long. The regulation ended like 85 minutes ago and our sports channel Florida is showing like a 85 minute commercial sweep here. What the hell is that? Please don't tell me that they're going to show the in-between period of all the wrong. It seems like a very peculiar time. Do you know what I'm saying? I can't imagine that they're going to go like skip all the in-between stuff and go right to the overtime. Here's another Nissan spot. Here's another spot. Here's the dog name spot. Here's a lady in Pompano. Hello. Yes, ma'am. First of all, I wanted to know what number is WQAM on the dial. 560, but don't ask me again. I'm sorry. That's okay. Another thing. I just started listening to you. I adore you. Of course. That's not to like. If everybody just knew that this show was here, I'd have a 100-year. I listened to, well, that's the only station I do. I do listen to because of you. I don't understand why you have to leave. Because I think a lot of people are going to leave with you. But that's not the point. Anyway, Karen K, I hate her. She's stupid. Yeah, and what else? I think that's about all, but I adore you. You are so wonderful. Thanks, sweetheart. Thank you. Have a great life. Bye, bye. Oh, here. I do like this spot though. The woman's screwed in where the doctor is. I love the Cleveland clinic of Florida Have you ever seen this of course not George because you don't watch the game you communist Comedy bastard here we go. Holds Sounds like one of the coyotes there. Nice going screwy. Oh another spot. What is it? It must be a 25 minutes spot break now before we go to the overtime Nice going guys We have an open line in Broward 7679463 767Wiode Every man woman in child is glued to sports channel of Florida right now waiting for the replay of that overtime So we can see watch very very closely and even when they do see what we really happen. They'll still say you're wrong. Okay. I'm wrong I'm really I'm really pulling for the Rangers for see if you had any idea how I despise how I detest the Rangers Everything about them needle nose and at Messier in that faggot Luke robot to all those guys. They make me sick to my stomach and At least Brian But hey, yeah, whatever you say you're right. I'm wrong. I'm used to that here's Miami Beach. Hello You know how you doing okay Sorry, I Wichens you showed today and I really didn't want to hear it because you know how we gave the game away last night Yeah, I thought with every sentence man be like ripping my heart out again And yeah, but remember it's Panthers in six. Yeah, you know what I'm saying? We can still do it We got to win tonight. That's all not a come out of these first four with a split. Yeah, we had a beat I'm gonna tell you something we got to play 60 minutes tonight not 20 minutes 60 minutes 60 minutes I got a question for you though even Mike Wallace knows the answer 60 minutes Yes, the two line pass the guy said something about a two line pass. What is that off sides? That's off side. It's off side. That's off side How could you watch hockey not know what a two line off side passes? I just didn't I didn't I okay Two open lines in date six two two another South Florida hockey fan. We know our crap. We really do yeah Priest pleads guilty to stealing from church a bad fact that I can barely read Tampa a priest to cure this is an old this is an old thing about his former male boyfriend He played a played guilty pleaded he plotted on it Because he needed the money to subsidize his young mother or two whatever it was I Scaw on papa two open lines a day six two two nine four six three six two two Wiod and two on the other town lines there are two busy to talk to me right now They're all waiting they're sitting there breathlessly and then they're gonna say Chris Moore was right We got robbed. Okay Here's a pay full and a cutlery a gelo. Oh, yes, sir. Really blown out here today. Yeah, yeah It blows Went when is anybody else gonna learn and it's downtown Underblerson to pet burns Pepper Yeah, you know, remember the Yankees were last year against Baltimore who? Yeah, man. How rich you got here could hold back all right there. Yeah. Well, I mean By the way, did you see Roberto LMR sure cans would John Hershbeck on a way to the Out under the field yesterday? Yes, I did see that and then he spit this face again No, he didn't do that. I would have been great though if he would have been great that would have been classic Goes out there in shakes his hand it says by the way. I don't take it back Come on. There you go Bobby nice going. Yes, I agree with you I saw what happened. I watched that whole game. Yeah, I was taping it He was pushed him into the goalie and that's a good call melon be came flying out of there He shoved leech right into Richter. They both went spin and around Richter spun around a whole 360 like a drail way out of position And the puck goes in the net they're not good. Well, that's not a goal It is not a goal today. It's not gonna be a goal seven years from now Chris Morgan at 45 birthdays between now And it's still not gonna be a goal period. That's all end of conversation. I got some bad news though for tonight I just turned your last break at 256 Doug McLean was on there talking with us bad news Oh Maybe we can bring back Joe Sorrella Well, we have to win three out of four no problem pal piece of cake It's in the sack. Hey, I can one more thing before I got yes Harry and Yeah, okay two open lines a day it's 629463622Wild and don't call me Harry I was before I got the nice haircut so that's that's that is embarrassing Becky that was I feel so There's nothing worse than I've been people feeling that I'm cheap and Every now and then like people will like to drag concepts people they come to my house and They do the thing and I don't tip them. Okay, cuz I feel on I feel Uncomfortable. Do you know what I'm saying cuz it's a sponsor? And I don't know what I'm supposed to do if I know I'm supposed to give you a tip I'll give you a good tip like valley parking Never less than five bucks never Most people give like two bucks now, right buck two bucks never less than five So I'm not cheap. I'm a good tip or in restaurants, but I mean tell me upfront what you expect tell me what you want And she comes here and then she says she says to me Well, I'll come back if you let tip me next time and I'm thinking what? Well, we didn't know that they were taking all that exactly how am I supposed to know that I didn't know the shop is taking a whole 20 bucks So I gave her another 20 I gave her 40 bucks for a haircut for the amount That would be like fill Henry paying a hundred bucks with no hair Did I want to say in here here's 200 bucks cut my hair okay. Oh, there you go. Thank you Oh, there's that BDI that's Smith on there again man now if you forget how you wish ones to rely Come on Ned Fest up to which which one is the real stinkin I already got all mighty Here's Holly would hello I Can't believe they don't edit this in between junk out. I know it. I'm sitting here. I'm stalling for time Because I want to see this over again. I watched it 20 times at all my tape Uncle Leo by the way. It was too nothing. I don't know if anybody updated your Phoenix over Anna well Phoenix won a game I don't care about the score Phoenix won that's so that ties it up to a piece It makes an interesting but Anneheim got robbed and I was watching that game I'm rooting for Anneheim and I was saying to myself I know whoever scores the first goal is going to win this game because it's so tight right down to like I think there was like seven minutes left when it's really cool How be Bull are must have played great. Oh, he played incredible yeah in the last minute He was making some unbelievable say anyway, but back to this game and then unfortunately I had to listen to up till overtime on the radio But I got home and time to see over time and and when when the incident happened I didn't really catch the interference right away. Oh, of course And I was pissed. Yeah, just like everybody else. I'm cursing. I'm screaming But I stayed up long enough. Of course to watch the Anaheim game and I watched sports center and so to replay the whole thing and and so The interference and was like okay, so what see I mean even if people don't agree with the call Okay, even if they don't agree with the interpretation or marijuana He's called but at least show the people what happened So they understand what took place instead of they kept showing melon be and leech on the ice in front of them That all for an over again and remember kept screaming and Denise screaming. Oh look at that There's not anybody close to the crease. They got to go upstairs on this This is the worst thing I've ever seen the man was calling up penalty don't you understand it? It was calling up penalty. It's oh The interference had already happened right when before they And this you know what really pisses me off though. What is that? Let this esoteric at an SOB get in there. What hasn't been hit them? I hate that guy. Mm-hmm. Like poison. I think I hate him worse than you hate Gretzky. I doubt it. Oh Impossible if anybody else would have scored the goal I don't know but this that's a teacan and I just hate it. Okay We'll get him tonight. Anyway. We're going to steal him my prediction five to two They got to come back. They got the young legs two nights in a row to range is going to fall apart. Okay And three in a row baby. I'm going to be in a van. Okay. Let's kick some assiestumpy That's stumpy junior junior. By the way, what did Ned Smith say? I say I only had one eye. We have an open line in Broward 7679 463. Okay. Here we go finally and a regulation They just wasted 12 minutes. They must have shown the whole in between period thing again Of course they got a lot of time to fill here on his sports channel Florida thing. They got nothing but time to fill So hey, let's just run the whole stupid. Oh man unbelievable 140 to a WID just with luck. We might get to Sonby for the end of the show and then you can all say see you're wrong He didn't do not and okay. I'm wrong Takes a big big big fat man who admit that he's wrong. I'm wrong. Whatever it is Whatever the outcome is whatever you see just keep in mind Neil is wrong. The coaches are genius the general manager is a rocket scientist Eddie Javanoski's the best defense Been in the history's been in Bobby or in Ray Borkfoot together and on a goes and Chris Wells Oh my god forget about Courtney how forget about rocket Recharge forget about Bobby Hall forget about Wayne Gretzky forget Chris Wells Jesus 143 a WIO do you're gonna be up any way tonight celebrating the big panther win So why not watch TV and want a clock in a morning to that on WFL X channel 29 watch the Miami tonight show hosted by the ubiquitous Mark Jacobson Join Mark and his guest from the world of boxing internationally fame manager trainer Angelo Dundee Here are all about legendary boxers Mohammed Ali sugar Ray Leonard cash is clay and just two of the famous boxes Angelo Dundee's worked with and I'll get the most out of your TV viewing pleasure with a Miami tonight show Which Mark thinks is one way of a show? What does that tell you tonight? Wanna clock in the morning on WFL X channel 29 and by the way, whatever happened to candle Toyota 6.00 WIO Visual party station of the American family Federation There we go. There we go keep your eye field Shut up Dennis you Yeah And this is a point performance. He has strong. D pair it to slice. Your now. My gods, I would never have seen that. I would just face the IDs over the front back. It's a resp one. Fancy dance. Hey It. Here we go. Here comes the face off. Going up. here we go here comes the face off coming up any second. Oh my god is this going to be another icing all the way down. Come on go back and get out ready do something good any at a boy. Okay here we go here we go. Now everybody who is sitting in front of your TV said I want you any it's not going to make any difference because you're only going to see which you want to see anyway. You must watch the face off and what happens in a immediate like two seconds after and then you'll understand what is all about okay otherwise if you blink if you fart if you like take a breath you're going to miss it. Are you following me or what? It's a Los Angeles game now John with where it would be going out your fires. Get off him he's ugly man first Molly because it looks good kill. Followers talking about over time. Come on let's go let's get this let's sit there right here we go watch it. Here we go get on the edge you're seeing. Here comes the melon be from the side where is it right there. Right there. Push is leads right into the eyes. Push is leads right in and Richter spins him around the puckers in the way. Are he's waiting for him. Why the hell is he out for a lead play. Now if I went up somebody's state I've got no one to be with closest to the brisk. There's no one else in the brisk. Oh man I fuck man he's even done.