I mean, I'll tell you one thing. I don't want to start immediately like a technical thing. I couldn't hear you if you paid me a million dollars a second Let's give it a shot. You surprised by that By what the packaging here. I had any technical glitches man and all I wanted to tell you is George Corso is God But what's for him the whole place will be up in flames Hey Neil what in the hell have you been doing the last seven months? None of your business. Can you share a little bit of what you've been doing going to the bank and ride a masturbation What I Yeah, Neil the making his turn. Hellbot I've been out in a bout. I've been out of this place. I've been in living and breathing countries Have you missed it? and Holland and Canada and places? Neil have you missed this? This radio stuff? If you had a tumor the size of a watermelon on your ass would you miss it? Have I missed it? Why is it that all these bozos? It's a first thing that aren't you dying to get back on here I'm going and pick it up a check every Monday for doing nothing for traveling around the world having a time in my life Oh, don't you aren't you just dying to get back on a year? Don't you have some kind of compulsive need to a what the hell is there to save and on a year for 500 years already? What the hell are some I gonna say hey? Do you like blow it out your nose? You know hey Neil can't say ass on your show, can I? Yeah, you can say that you can say ass, but we've been told not to say ass and then finish it with the whole stuff So we can't say break them can't say that though. Well Joe's got cuts and heat from some of the colors You would drive and I heard that clear channel bottle a lot of stations and then they recommend Yeah How do you like that new stupid talk format huh? Oh God isn't nice to have no competition. Oh my god. Hey One last question you get tired and I'm really tired this question I get about you all the time is is he really making a million dollars a year You must get that all the time too. I do You'll just make it make it three million. I have no idea Ellie Brecker who I think's been doing a lot of acid lately at the Herald she makes these things up like like the thing this morning in a paper about the foot massager that's in my Contract where the how does she come up with crap like this? I was gonna ask you that if you're reading the Herald You know must be BS In fact the front of on the mast head they should just have a big pile I say hey, it's the Harold baby. That's it If you're reading the Herald, you know it's a pile Now how's that studio over there? It's better than what you got sweet. Well That's not same. Yeah, listen they brought a lot of balloons in here that are loaded with helium Now do I have to suck helium before I go on here so I can sound like guilty? You can suck what you want even suck whatever you want. Well stay over there, Goldie Hey, no, by the way nothing we can do about his voice Hey, can you give us your top 10 list everybody's paranoid you're gonna rip them today? By the way Yeah Defosa I'm making it too bad about default, huh? What do you mean? Yeah, he's had some problems here I heard he went for the operation. I heard in fact they told me it is in my contract that after six months I have to go and have a heaven-snipped swing all sound like guilty It's all sports radio folks Well 60 oh now if you're in the building everybody tells me you're a hell of a good guy He's not a bad guy. I'm not a good guy. You know I'm not a hell of a boy and he's not a guy And remember going to men get lost in this joint. Thank God for Goldie. I forgot he was Jewish When River comes on and tells me I'm a men. I know I'm doing okay. Yeah, listen. He's just an assucker anyway Forget about Oh God you can have him back to he's been dying to get on this show you can have him keep him off He came off if I'm here anybody else looking wains behind Good god, remember get a life. Well, yes, we'd hard man. Love you, man Yeah, this guy between we got to hear about Wayne and Dean Jordan and Bill Ter Do you hear the day that he filled in for Hank and he was he did four hours of ass sucking on all everybody Connected with a Panthers past president future and he's got you know what the thing about it is Bill that I understand what RIM and I don't want to get started on he's got the most secure job in South Florida He is sucked more over it. Okay I want to ask you question yeah, seriously because we do have a little format change here What time is Chris more on I'm not exactly sure cuz nobody really said I think he took over the Oh, God That's the rumor Can we can we do a test? Can we have somebody go to the arena tonight? We do have the San Jose game tonight. I will be there Right we have somebody holding Oze to Chris's head and see if someone can force him to describe what's going on You think that we were? Is that what it's gonna take just describe 30 seconds of action? So I don't have to hear the puck in the the skates and the stuff on the boards I'm hearing in the background he's talking about crap from New Jersey 20 years ago, you know not even pediclock You know the game Chris Dean a what year's we heard do the game god you turn And then and then what's this thing at a paper this morning about all the jealousy of the guys over there You guys don't realize what a favor I did you oh God. I'm the guy that's gonna lead you out of that toilet that you're working in the Hank's always talking about and get to the studios built over here Do you think they really had any intention of building this? No absolutely exactly you're right We finally got now we finally got an honest answer out of the worst team absolutely correct They had no attention to building anything you know and the thing about it And by the way and I'll leave you with this that program director that we have don't trust them He's trying to kiss your butt. Duff Lindsey has been yeah, he's always done. It's kissing by the way If you're wondering here He's been upset about us for both they don't put one thing about you on here and this will promotion things that we have here Oh, you're not thinking around nothing. We need a lot more about Danny and Jimmy man If I hear one more word about Danny and Jimmy, I'm gonna puke all over this place And you know the line already the line you're more Why are you gonna say Well, more is there to say okay, they stunk yep Well, no, we're we're looking forward to today that one reason I've never listened to this station Is the crap that they play out of the control room there? So it's so bush league Why does this stop then doing that all these Neil juniors over there try to play stick Tom the stick it Tell Mr. Dick to can that stuff The stick can it who's getting hammered today on your show I'm coming on in ten minutes. I get paid starting at ten. Okay. I've got the meter running It's running up a little bit on power now. I did a bit of power 96 for free. I've looking for a little something in another foot massager Ellie Massage this sweetheart Crazy bitch got as she something Got a foot massager in my contract I wonder she's got a vibrator in her contract at the herald well psychotic bitch Yeah We're not on the hero Yeah, you this Well, we'll see the time we woke up this dying bunch over here man all year your audience is so one-dimensional I think most of these guys go to bed with a jack strap over there. Uh thing over their head One head anyway God Tom to lighten up a little bit. You're the other you guys ought to be sending me a contribution if I weren't making so much money I would request I would demand it And we break give a little variety here. Are we gonna end up moving over to your studios or somebody's got your town You don't know but somebody stole me Somebody told me that you didn't want anybody in your studio We hope you wanted just to be the new Roger studio and nobody else was allowed over there. No, no, that's what they told me They said that even when we move up on the third floor, which we will February they start Even when that happens is they're gonna build us around studio. I didn't ask for that Did I ask for my own studio and I OD no did I ask for my own studio? How do I get out of your room? Let's get out of it. I mentioned that you're not allowed in okay? Remers rumors Manage is allowed in oh yeah, you in manage. Boy man. It's great How is that really you want to be the same God bless America and pasties and a jeep strength up here. I'll do it. He's pulling it What is it he's pulling in some coin manager when is he on the air? I think Saturday actually there's a scam almost as good as mine He also gets paid for doing nothing. He he's a little bit better to take a page out of our song book man Getting paid for sitting on your ass and traveling around pickup a check once a week. That's the way to go You have done it my friend you have it all figured out. He's up too loud But I can't hear these guys the you know, it's gonna be a little what happens when I do this I hear you Oh When you do what when you crank them up. Oh Jesus you know even over the airway It's a studio just sounds nicer over there. It is wait till you see it you'll cry or cry like a baby Why do you think defo is in rehab? He was over your Thursday saw the studio had a complete relapse He was he was here Thursday looked real puffy but a way man got that big contract over here now He must be even and drinking up his oh just eating up his door. Anyway Well, you know, of course we we're gonna let you go for a couple minutes and get ready And we'll no he's done on vacation He's having some help by this Phil Henry Jr. routine He's getting the house on vacation. He did have the under in the Dolphins game though has last bet like I said rehab You Jack Anyhow you've been enjoying watching Chris well play You know something I'm glad you mentioned that not you know Chris Wells actually on this new line is playing a lot better Yeah, I can't believe you said that I know that I figured I give you one shocker for the morning I would actually like the ways playing with Fitzgerald and Lindsay he's playing almost like a real player But let me ask you didn't on our team that's saying a lot Do you have to play by play though of the barn three assists yesterday will you be playing him all morning? I'm sure you'll not Stoo but look we got Ray Whitney is God and I got Don Sherry which I'm gonna play at Santa at the hockey night in Canada the Saturday night Ray Whitney is the best point man in the world today according to me and Don Sherry in the world Not not to mention he looks pretty good too, but Ray Whitney is God don't ever forget that a meal you cross Ray Whitney and you'll have to deal with me Let me ask you and take a tattin's better off. Would you do anything you could to get the guy here better off? So he's up pussy forget about him. Okay. He's another one of these overpaid Europeans that the Primadana divisive. We don't need him. Yes. You have a big fan of this Yeah, where more where more was on the other day. Guy calls in to show you what a stout sports listeners You got there are in this town. I don't know how you guys put up with it. They don't know anything Guy calls up says what do you think of this trade bread headache in for the beasor straight up Someone say that man Ellie must be passing that acid all over town. You must have stolen from the mayor's office You're not giving me room. I got I got to get ready to do a big show here. All right We'll talk to you later. Do we sound like okay over here? Yeah, you guys sound real good. Yeah, you sound a little muddy We're muddy guys That's the compliment coming from you See you later. Neil Rogers coming up this morning making his debut on sports radio 560 WQA Right on the way It'll be interesting. I hope he leaves Remaro alone. Remnant been really sensitive All right, thank God the show is on the middle need you to get your news creeper We're back tomorrow and remember the pamper fact tickets for that New Year's day game He's one of the only sale tomorrow at 10 a.m. And today is going sell obviously 10 a.m. But tonight's game Tommy Donnie Phil Shane and you're doing the update Joe Rose on street gold sneen Neil Rogers on the way I'm sports radio 560 WQA MQM sports time is 9.50 I'm sports radio 560 WQA M Miami Fort Loderdale presents the Neil Rogers show to talk to Neil called 567 056 the toll free for date in Broward or pound 560 on your cell phone the opinions of Neil his guests Collars or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQA M Beesley read acquisitions or the Beesley broadcast group now Neil Rogers Unsporch radio 560 God created the heavens and the earth and it was good Ben God created man and it wasn't bad But the masses were asses they were lost they had no guidance So God said and thought about it and he created Bony Rogers show and God said fourth meal to entertain the people of Israel But came nice the Palestinians and the douche bags and Neil made his clock through the dark cold Wuggeter in Miami radio he conquered the mountains he cast down the elderly and Vanish the Malover and it was good Money around your show it's not just the show Our religious experience Well, hey, what's the do we not you a yeah That bag and back on again I won't want to have before these are my kind of guys What the hell are they doing anyway? It's a manly sound and guys really game. I want for Chris more Gus boys real high When I listen to the sports a manly boys won't get higher tension But we'll really get me sit for the shorts Let's quickly high boys will give me an erection We'll do it on QAL But that bag and back on again I'm going to miss here at straight man with boys this high Now I'll have to get deeper as a closet again So I'm gonna press all the macho friends the check out Chris more tonight to help the famous Yeah, there ain't nothing like having my choice for you guys as boys has a crack since they were well here No, yeah Yeah, stand up real close to the rain. You Get their voices on them there really makes my balls That chrome man. He's harder than my bread brothers Show it. So let me ask you the first question what the hell time is Chris more on anyway It's 1003 on 560 QAM and we got a Coxies army in here to Lex you've never seen anything like this You think there was something going on here today, which they're just might be and it's a major miracle Let me say it again George Corso is God now. Would we be here today for work for this one poor guy? That's right even our George is like got the clap in there for me's clapping in the acumen And this man did five people's work nine o'clock last night We finally got the last well not the last but close to the last piece of equipment in here and It's a major miracle one man so powerful so amazing so miraculous and he wears an earring to how do you like that? So we got the seven months worth of material to cover here. You know Ellie Brecker I had all the other stuff I want to talk about that. Of course. We got the Harold and we know how much we love the Harold There are favorites and she comes up with Ellie. I mean seriously could you ever get anything right? I love you you're a sweet person, but stay to hell away. You know what I mean? This is just unbelievable. She has an article in here this morning Little bit late, but better late than ever, but Ellie Brecker that's fucking bitch has got a thing in here That says I'm talking about the fact that you know There was a few delays here over these past they only had seven months to get this done not a long time Not a long time for a project that you'd take about three weeks But they only had seven months to do it and they kept giving us one day. It's gonna be done December 1st It's gonna be done December 8th. It's gonna be done December 15th positively December 16th 9 o'clock last night the 29th or freaking December We get the last piece of equipment here so we can do the show see their idea of doing a show is you walk into a Delapidated old flea bag like Hank keeps telling you it is over there a QAM you sit down with a mic and a board that Mark Kony would be embarrassed by and You flip the stuff open and you're trying to look good then that's being on a radio, okay? We are here to drag the beastly read people out of the Stone Age of broadcasting into at least a 19th century anyway 20th would be a little bit too much, but how about the 19th okay? How about those big old final tubes that glow real bright? You know the ones it we used to see in the transmitter K. T. Artsmith Rreston Be's by the way, you'll be excited to know I was a little bit down because we you know I'll tell you this John do you expect from Channel 4 this man is obsessed Obsessed we even came in here today. Let him press our buttons and we're all over the TV all you got to do is let these TV people come in press your button and Man you get all the free time you want four was all over at Hank testicle a channel 6. He was all over this thing One minute the editor from Channel 7 he was here on something called by the way. He's both call back who did Ricky Sanchez or Ricky Tickey Yeah, that's another exciting worth it, but at any rate So all these other in Channel 10 nowhere to be found come to find out and left it in her will you know, and that's fucking bitch She's another one left it in her will that anybody a channel 10 gives Neil Rogers that fat-fag Look who's talking sweetheart any publicity is out is out. How do you like that? So from her grave, but I noticed that there's a pretty cheap mic too by the way Channel 10 finally made it here today They're all here the TV people are here. You think that something was actually going on then Ellie Brecker comes to a If there's nothing else going on just keep in mind We might even have to subscribe to the Harold you can always get a copy of the Harold and go for four hours non stop on the crap That's in this pain non stop crap She says Says a resign Greg. Oh, he resigned. No what are he's not here this week a resigned Greg Reed QAIM's vice president General manager. He's gonna carve me up It's been a lot of discussion about stuff he thought was major that we thought was minor Everything to him is life and death. He had a lot of time on his hands. Yeah I got something on my hands all right Greg and eight time you know I'm talking about a lot of masturbation what I mean Yeah minor things minor things like are we gonna have a studio to work in that you promised you know I mean when somebody comes to you and makes all kinds of representations You know come to work for me. I'm gonna build your studio We're gonna do this we're gonna give you all this money and then you have to go stand on your head to get them to live up to the promises Then I guess it's only minor things you know like nine o'clock last night We're in here practically are we gonna go on when when do you back from channel four was here yesterday morning And I said to him I said you know if we go down tomorrow will be a miracle and it is a miracle It's a freaking miracle ladies and gentlemen that we're on a year here today It's one of the most astonishing things the pyramids was a piece of cake compared to this Because basically what they did was they had one guy do the job of five people and then they gave them like half the equipment Which of course wasn't block brand new? I mean some of the real cheap stuff Yeah brand do but the expensive stuff came from the other beesleast stations in places like Norfolk, Virginia and Canada, England, New York some of the big bee'sley markets and so they shipped down to us a little bit here a little bit there And that was basically it so poor George Corso had to work a one-man engineering department We're gonna build a statue to him Of course the main problem is we might not be on the layer long enough to finish it all depending on a damn new that competition I mean the stupid talk network this thing yeah I thought seriously after Paxon I thought I could never see any more incompetence stupid people in my life Guess what surprise first I came over here and then Then we see what clear channel is doing don't let me forget that I would do thing that's got to be on immediately if not sooner Here is the death of one of America's most unique amazing radio stations in history in fact today in honor of Wiodeader They came Paxon butchered it slaughtered it ripped it raped it tortured it Harry Valentine Harry penis Walter Sabo Peter Bolger nice ass socket by the way, you know, it's how Peter Bolger started with with the I-N-Z he was with that other cup Whatever the hell the name was with the guy Gannett then he moved on to Paxon and now thank God He's still with clear channel as he continues sucking his way up the corporate ladder destroying everything in his way Pete you're not fooling anybody sweetheart on freaking believable So clear channel comes in and their infinite wisdom They take a station that's been talk and entertainment for like the last 4,000 years and they're gonna make it the New station did you see Mike Wolf and that by the way Mike is a good guy's got a great voice good news man married to the boss a good guy He is his married to the boss. He's married to Rhana Wolf. Okay. I think a jewel like her changing name to wolf just for the hell of it God get with it, but anyway, he's on the news last night explaining the new format and why they made the big Swayesh between the I-O-D and I-N-Z and about how the signal about Papa and moon up your ass I mean Kimmy a break already. What year this is the dumbest damn thing and of course we're not complaining And that stupid talk network lineup. I feel sorry for Suds. I almost said Rick and Suds. I don't feel sorry for Rick. Oh, sorry Rick. No, I actually to show you what a decent guy I am in what a good mood. I'm in from the great time I had for several months I even feel sorry for Rick which is saying a hell of a lot Yeah, exactly. Oh, man, is he gonna be pissed Rick we just thought this is payback. He stole all my stuff for the last this seven years Why not steal one thing from his show? Yeah, he's gonna say we stole that too. You can have it back, okay? But I feel sorry for those guys following. Let's see four Six nine hours of dead air. How'd you like to come on following nine hours of dead air? Mr. Ego doing his old tired lightbulb stick and then of course they have to explain I have to take like a half an hour to explain you well if you're driving on the coast between A1A in this street like a turn to fourteen hundred if you're like two blocks south to nine forty and if I mean What they hello these people talking about only clear channel? They have put packs in the shame even though that packs a stock's down to seven or three quarters by the way But they they have put them to shame But packs in is a moron and he's a genius Compared to the people are clear channel. So thank you God. Thank you Lord. Thank you Whatever the hell is out there for getting me the hell out of there just in time and for all those wonderful times the last seven months You know what I'm talking about a lot of masturbation. What I think exactly? Love it after ten on five sixty QA and my first sponsor and this is great because we're always talking about food And I've got a sponsor that you're gonna go nuts about Mama Mary's gourmet pizza crust now you can go to Italy and go all over the world And you know, it least got some pretty damn good pizza. I'm not gonna lie about that But if you want some great tasting pizza right there at home now There's another another company begins with a bee. I don't want to say who's with a bee. Well, let Mickey Dane do that But you know the one I'm talking about where they make those airzots pizza crust that pretty weak But mama Mary's that when I first came into the studio about a month ago And I met with these people and they said well, you know, they showed me the pizza crust They have a 12 inch big one. They have got a seven inch small one. I said I got a smaller one than that and They're amazing. I took them home and actually tried them. Mama Mary's pizza crust Have a no spill edge so you put the assauce on there. You put your mozzarella and then whatever you like You put your pepperoni and anchovies whatever toppings you like ten minutes You're ready to eat on the best pizza you've ever had right in your house even better than delivery Much much better a million times better than frozen you will be amazed they're faster They're easier they're better for you because they're made with honey and the pure ingredients instead of sugar and Much less expensive than the competition like I said You'll find two sizes to choose from the 12 inch party pizza or the seven inch personal size pizza and if you want to find it and believe me You're gonna love it. All you have to do is look in the deli-silus section of your local supermarket or ask for it by name Mama Mary's gourmet pizza crusts Goodbye, I owe thee the memories of all that's left of a station that once had been and for a Am that was quite a clean All the taxi were insane To blow it all in when they build those condos and blocked that tower off You'll be lower down into your grave and You were great at one time, but now you sound more like a signal drifting in the wind And you'll never see numbers you can sell again You hurt yet clear channel those what they're doing But no one's listening anymore Because they really Are you sure Goodbye, I owe thee let go a Gregor Skip the plupor in the rest of that retarded team that remains attacks and so will receive Oh Clear channel has a scheme But it's clear to see that despite all their corporate and big names they can't hide the fact without Theo they got a crappy deal And you look great at one time, but now you sound more like a signal drifting in the wind And you'll never see numbers you can sell again That clear channel knows what they're doing Also they think But no one's listening anymore Because they really Easy Oh, thank God for clear channel, baby. Now you're saying take line six hello Yes, you'll welcome back Thank you who the hell is this Here, my name is Richard calling from New York We got a fat rich in the studio and a slimmer chin to York Not exactly slim. We got two fat richers like I said And I must have been the shortest break in the history of WQI ever So holidays you don't worry about that So we just really need to do one of those some spots And this building of voices is really cool. This is Phil Henry. Okay. Yep. Well, I happen to see a little uh Little thing to have about John the news a few weeks ago. It's a little thing yeah I think I'm an including any die in Johnny Grissachi and everything else. Yeah, and uh just bad Bad scene on my part to have to be up to what you want on the air, but I had a call and then check it out Great It's windy is hell, I'm not going on there to regret me. It's with a huge storm But just turned out to be wind in a little bit of rain Under 70 here we're pretty pissed off about how tight it that All right well my sympathies for the Panthers kneeling. I know you are what is what does that mean? We're hot as a pistol baby. We want to in a row. We're on our way now that I'm back That's what they needed Brian Marie called me at home before he showed this morning Said now that you're peck we're on the way to see if you're getting San Jose But I would like to congratulate the dolphins in advance You're doing an incredible back in job into the playoffs if I can say that no We've packed into what all right. No just right. Yeah Thanks to some blind officiating and the jet line game and they did finish with Flurry again outscored 72 to 15 but aren't you glad now see you're starting with sports again He's doing football. He's doing football take the jox strap off and cut it out pal So are all your brakes gonna be this short? It's not gonna be like the Hank show or the boot show We're off for like eight or nine minutes We put all the slopp on the other shows outstanding in a contract with the foot massage Well welcome back to great. I'm looking I'll be back next week with the four listen to you again I'd like to be the first to request Wayne Stomp in the candy wrapper. Okay, have a great day. See you Bye So anyway speaking of Ray Whitney I better play that now because we're limited you know what I'm talking about This is it's we don't have enough time today. Maybe Hank wants to take the day off only kidding Hank And how many times have I said while getting to that later? But in the meantime This was on hockey night in Canada Saturday night Don Cherry and I'm not gonna do a lot of sports Let them do this ponderous sports with all of Paul you know it's how right fast doing their towers over the rest of these guys Don't mess with him. Okay, although I'll be honest with it. They could use him back You want to suit up again for the right pricey cities ready? But we're not gonna do a lot of sports a little bit of hockey We don't want to forget hockey because I'm the only one in this town knows anything about it and that includes the broadcast Sorry, remember well, remember knows the game. It's just that he kisses so much ass But in the meantime hockey night in Canada my man my man Ray Whitney Ray Whitney Let's just throw him in 13 goals the best point now in the world given away from Edmonton used to be a stick point He said hi the best point guy. I saw him last night unbelievable 13 goals He's done and nobody's talking about him all spare that the two barns is gone that Ray would come in No, you're believable. It's just a little guy where it's a match. I still like a dug a Gilmore on the points Been pretty super cute dug he's been good Degella, but you raise better right now. Thank you. Go. I'd like that Ray Whitney That's for you race. We'd like the best in the world and don't mess with my man Ray Whitney So we'll be alright. We got the San Jose game tonight and that's like I said Cut it cut it low on the sports will you please take the other 20 hours a day and by the way We want to apologize to the four people who used to listen to fabulous sports babe We're very sorry, but that bitch is gone. Okay the fabulous sports babe a legend a fucking bitch in her own time So anyway, where do I start? I got a list of all these things. I'll never get to one It we should we just take calls will milk this for the next five years by the way Do want you to know we're here today and again tomorrow and then Thursday We got the day off because they figure after seven months Two days at a time is enough and it's New Year's Day and then we got a panic even noon. What is it baby steps? Yeah take little baby steps kind of like a Gregory did with buying the equipment little baby steps and then now we'll move on Maybe we want to spend a few bucks. Okay. She fasted now he's okay by the way in one of the one of the greatest acts of courage in the history of mankind It's vacation time. It's New Year's Greg Reed could have taken this week off and hidden from potential problems that we could have had here from his foot dragging And he did so and he's gone He's gone all this way he leaves it to build Tanner our consultant Bluff Lindsay our program director is hiding in the corner with an nervous laugh all these other people are sales department These people are left holding the bag while Greg is off doing what he does best hiding ever try to get Gregory to return a phone call bottle do four hours in that tomorrow Okay, let's do a lady where she for this thing is really either I'm getting the old or I can't read a thing on air lady in one I entered the city, but it didn't take it. Oh, it didn't take it. Where's somewhere she's somewhere lady in somewhere. Hello She's gone. Are you kidding me? She's gonna wait for that long for me forget it. Here's my Emmy. Hello My Emmy This is just like when we left this is this is picking up right where we let bit of give those numbers out New thank you five six seven oh five sixty if we're date and Broward and then of course AT and T and mobile one pound five 60 they pay the freight Greg doesn't know it yet. Here's four lottery. Hello Neil what's up back. Thank you. It's I've been waiting for this day for seven months I don't know what how you what you've been doing What is George and Crystal been doing? What is your probation? What I'm yeah? What is what was George and Crystal doing what you were out gall of Antony and George was busy that we could do four shows on at the hired him which was in that was in the contract by the Wansher and reason they did it they hired George to be production director for these seven months We both unseherimoneously left IOD on the same day and After I got on a plan and what to Europe they told George or by the way don't come back and so he was doing a production here We're working with the salespeople for last seven months. So your wondering is George happy to be back doing a show Guess again. Yes he is. That's great. Well, Neil Welcome back. I think Radio is much different At least it's better on one station. There you go. Welcome back to the Atlanta and an iconocos team caught you and happy circus Sorry, sir. Okay, we got a Jew out there. That's good all the glam list of this stage. We got to get a few Jews on here 10 22 on 560 QA. I mean, you know back in the 50s Those cigars are killing me by the way Nick, but they're great back in the 50s car buying was simpler Was easier was more honest and a lot more fun tropical was the first dealer here Can you believe that a million years ago? It was the right time and a right place to buy a car and now is still the right time in place Chevrolet is just made an important announcement Tropical Chevrolet has been chosen. Some Florida's regional Chevy clearance centers and you can call John Atkins The original barricade destroyer now sales manager at Tropical he's destroyed the Don payment barricade Zero down available on all new 98's he's destroyed the price barricade the new 98 Malibu with automatic in AC just 14 98 and a new 1998 as 10 fleet side pickup truck just 11 48 And he destroyed the the barrier on just about everything else to like financing because you've got 2.9 percent or 3.9 percent financing for a limited time the cars are cool the deals are hot so much to choose from You aren't gonna believe it and quit the gaggin over there. We'll talk about channel 4 again The people are friendly every day so come to the perfect climate a tropical Chevrolet in beautiful Safe Miami sure is at 88 80 buscane Boulevard or just give McColl talk to Jack Lee bo in a good people over there at 1-800-525-7511 and by the way is my car ready yet Jack this is 560 Q-A-M The NFL playoffs are on Q-A-M catch all the NFL post season action and Super Bowl 32 on the home of your Miami Dolphins Or 30 of 560 Q-A-M Okay 10 24 at 560 Q-A-M the new garage you show it's our debut and are making a big Simis about here I guarantee you buy Friday it'll be the same old business as usual Let's do I can't read these things at all George. We don't want to make it a collection because they they line up in order So take one that's flashing that's okay. Let's see if that works. Do you think that's gonna work in? Can you believe that asshole trying to sneak on here not gonna happen baby Joe did that work? Talk to us It weren't you thank you. You didn't get on the air jackass okay with your stupid store and your stupid business Isn't it amazing how there are some people I was telling us the other day to some of the media people There are some people you cannot chase away for love or money you can call them an asshole You can rip them an ass as much as you want 24 hours a day they won't go a it's like a cat You're ever trying to get rid of a cat you see it against the wall you put it in the microwave you can't get rid of the damn thing Here's my name is spring hello Hello, yes sir. Yeah, and you welcome back when is this I'm gonna have to tell my wife She even she misses you really yeah, she's the one that When you were talking about Luis Miguel She um she's the one that said when George was saying Nothing is Equally said nothing is the same when they're when you know something You're not gonna believe this not a sigual we were listening of that tape just yesterday only yesterday We came across that and the tape too. No, and I have the bonus I got that Orlando junior living across the street from me Goes to show you yeah, yeah, but anyway, but anyway, no What what I was curious about and maybe you could tell us because we're all interested Did you just basically read where it was going that was gonna be sold again and there was no really it no entrance No, I'm not in tax and and doing anything. No, but I was doing it no the last month or so I was just Ripping them enough. I figured if I pissed them off enough They would pay me off and guess what it worked it worked You know what I'm saying? Well, it definitely went down And the story was that I was on a way to the airport and they thought they you know Pete bulge you're so one-dimensional Pete you're so predictable you like the weather and normal ask them and same old crap every time They wait till you go on the in fact I told George on the year we got a little clip which will play eventually and you're right the Tanner I am popping the piece, but it's this is you know, it's a way that is who cares But at any rate I knew that week that we were out So I boxed up all of our carts all of my CDs all my personal possessions and took him home and That last day that wins them on the way to the airport to go to Rome and I'm listing in the car and Norman Kent my attorney who's standing here holding up a wall He calls in on a rick and sucho and says And says we're doing a test. I want to see how powerful your show is if Neil is listening Okay, I figured well, you know, he must want me to call so I get to the airport I call him up pieces you don't have to come back till January you're either gonna pay you off I right there in Miami airport I danced the horror I danced the the macarena I jumped up and down I carried on like a lunatic and I just went ballistic was great Excellent, well good luck and we'll be listening Moochess grassiest and don't forget not as he grow now. They do well you got it. I'll read it. Arch bye Oh my god, isn't that something we just were playing that thing yesterday? Now I want some time this week. I want somebody to call in on a show and tell me the big deal with this princess Diana Okay, can somebody explain to me? I'm in Rome. It's a Sunday morning. I wake up Turn on CNN international on my little 13 inch TV and here's this car sitting on the highway It's banged up squeezed up car and I'm thinking this must be an awful important car because they're like focusing on this for an eternity What is you know where they have accidents every day? We're like here and All of a sudden the story starts unfolding it was Diana but I beat by the boop and she's dead and all this other stuff What followed for the next weeks months for an eternity for a lifetime May JFK pale into insignificance in my life. I have never seen such a tumis over nothing Who I don't want to sound disrespectful because I would never do that right? But I mean what is the big deal with her? What was the big story with princess Diana? That f***ing bitch. I mean did anybody really care about her before she got killed and in fact I think that was the best thing that ever happened to her was the fact that she got killed now all of a sudden They're having this big ceremony and the royal family are making a big similar to the queen is there She's not in your head and saying thank God you're dead. You know under her breath She's muddering because they hated each other like poison which they did and the media people you people are crazy Oh, that's right channel 10. He's the rabbit not don't take it personal But the people in the media are crazy and they're spreading their sickness all over the world because they got the NBC stupid channel And not affiliated with a stupid talk network by the way and they got CNN international they got C-C-N-B-C is all over the world so the spew them that they spread here in America They spread all over the world simultaneously so they're telling the public basically what is important and what you should be excited about and what is not? And they decided for whatever reason because those silly brits who still think that that broad the old pair What the hell is an old pair huh? I got an old pair. I'm sitting on it right now What what is an old pair? Is there anybody be honest with me? Is there anybody in this audience who ever heard of a guy damn old pair Before this brought up there in the England off that little kid is there anybody know, but you did yeah Cuz you got a little bratty kid. Oh, you know you have a nice kid. Oh, you got a little kid So you heard of an old pair nobody heard of an old pair anymore than we ever heard of Johnny Versace, okay? And by the way, it's Johnny it's not Johnny. It's not Johnny. You with a day go talk with Johnny never heard of the man in my life But what was the big semis with Diana somebody sometime in a course? I'm sure land mine victims. What the land mine I thought it was the last one actually touch the nades guy Well with gloves and so on oh she a bare handage. She did a fair hand didn't touch them too But she kind of reminded me a little bit of Jackie Kennedy without quite so much money You think you think she had his wife will we'll find out they're both that anyway what the other Differences are make but that's kind of what she reminded me of gold digger the whole thing was set up in the first place He was boning what's your name the other broad the the night before they got married Everybody knows that Charles now it's amazing can you imagine him getting stuck because at least you know the ears would keep them out You know if he got if he got caught the whole body went in at least you know the ears would protect him Here's here's a lady and where we're not gonna fight out where these people are It says mobile and pop it on beach flashing I'm gonna tell you something my eyes it was just to the ophthalmologist not some cheesy optometrist But are real like eyed doctor in the last week my eyes are great He said you might be a little cock eyed as well. Don't get too personal But this thing you couldn't read this is they held a shotgun you had the same one They're gonna hold a Chris has got hit at the game tonight to see if they can make him call the action Which he can't here's a mobile and Gone right gone excellent what do you mean right I said all right? That's right where we left off right where we left off. Well we're used to this we've gone through a lot of this here's biscuit garden Hello Hello Excellent. This is just what I missed so let me ask you the old you missed this aren't you missing this you're only picking up a check for like 11 or 12,000 a week every week Plus talent by the way you hear that Greg plus talent For now work in sitting on your ass traveling around the world you missed this hello, is anybody there now these are the joxdrab people make no mistake sunrise hello When was the first one? I don't really want to eat it all so I'm just like that stupid talk that work by the way is that blow in your way I haven't been listening it's blowing me away. I mean I was listening what I did was I kept listening to IOD once it went back to this yeah, so you know You're back on the air. I can listen to a news once and a half Like that CNN headline news. It's like having your TV in your radio. It's like 87.7. You know 26 they got no signal so they tell you it turned on the FM The news people don't think you're gonna have too much news. They're wrong. Yeah, you can't Well, I have one piece of good news for the audience known our motto on this show is no news is good news You will hear no news on this day if they were dropping nuclear weapons six blocks down from here Which is the packs and building by the way not clear channel. I get what's a nuclear weapon? Huh? What's a nuclear weapon? We got that's right good point. So what do you think about Diana dead or alive? Diana who exactly? I got one question for you. Do you want to give a crap about any of that? Not really. Not really. Thank God for you, sir No, the bridge tender have a nice day See you see how long that took and you said it was gonna be prison bitch which we won't actually play some of these time. Oh, you know what I have to play You've had ever find finally a smell for the sensitive man The man that liked to bend over and feel another man's hand by his father reaching for ball You know that says why are you never with women even though you're such a great quote about Troy Troy For the bachelor who might be a bachelor for a recent heatbrather not admit Troy the clone that makes you want to place your hands between the ass cheek of a man in front of you Love a few bombs your man down field Troy Napataule at your buddy cute little rump The ripple it in your job Gorded on your face Mac at on your family Blah The subtle scent that says I'm the quarterback Protect me take me out of thousands sac me after you are tackled by a group of sweaty men and they get up Do you feel lonely Troy not all of us can be a talent cowboy, but if you're a colon cowboy put a Dara on your helmet tonight with Troy By the way, man this is finally admitted you're here. I'm talking about the other night said football is definitely a thanks port Here's Westin. Hello Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Hey welcome back. Thank you so much. I've been interested very much Ask me if I must be on the air for seven months. I heard you had a good time Great time and it's good to have you on the radio. I don't have to see on TV anymore You're gonna fag definitely got a face and a ball spot for a radio But you look good. What are you back on the captain? Yeah, I'm on it and the diet too I'll be honest with you. I weighed myself this morning. I weighed 196 the day that I went off the year. I weighed 195 is that a miracle or what? Wow When you got all that dead time on your hands like Reg Reed said I did when I was so bored the tears That all that time on my hands and eat all that post and Italy Major accomplishment. I think only gaining one pound in seven months. That's great So I'll get right back on it and the seconds to I've been listening to you for like 20 years. I've never called you but I'm just so happy you're back Who do you like in the army pole have a great day? Take care. See ya. Yeah, who the hey hey Who do you like in that game between Vasor and Canada? What academy tonight? I was gonna win that volleyball game. Oh God some of you sports people get a life already Well, you're even a hand-catch you like poison. Of course. That's another story and you know these people That said why do you know you're gonna be working with Hank? I don't have how many times did I say that? Thank God, but how many times did I say that? I don't have a problem with Hank Do you have a problem with Hank? I don't have a problem with this. I have a even Hank even was kind enough to allow Rimmer to fill it on his show Remember that last week? Remember was on air a kiss in everybody's ass in sight? I mean that's really going the extra nine yards and by the way Hank will be moving up from two to six So as soon as I go off you don't have to switch you dial. I don't why I mean I know you won't hear the last hour of Lard as but Hank's got his own you know he's got his own Lard and you can hear Hank from two to six here We have to know it's 1037 on 560 q a m and Pete's the loft. I don't really shouldn't do this spot You know because he was in here the other day we got the guy 10 million dollars worth of free advertising and look at this Look at this lunatic just the words aren't even fresh out of my mouth out of my big Jewish mouth Here is Jeff Cohen in there. What's in the bottle and he's drinking it don't put your lips on the same bottle It's like going to church on Sunday. Okay after the priest has been dittling around with that wine Jeff Cohen walks in here was in here the other day. They were shooting from channel four and he's on there They clipped the mic on his thing and he's uh, he's a star he's a legend in his own mind He's been calling me at home every time when I've been home this summer which thank God has been very rarely When he got to get back on here I've died over here So don't forget Pete's a loft because they're desperate and they need your business either get those forget those fingernails out of here They'll be open and by the way nice game dolphins open New Year's Eve and New Year's Day featuring their regular Men you know price gouging on holidays like most of the other restaurants do when they like jack up the prices Because they know the most of the restaurants are closed and when you go in if you got a strong stomach check out owner Jeff Cohen's fingernails Decorated for the holidays and the dolphins great loss on Sunday In fact mentioned only if the dolphins win and still are in a playoffs it says here, but you know I wouldn't do that only one world one Place in a world for the best pizza and I'm telling your pizza loft is a thousand times better than when it was down on flag Or was good there, but now it's a million times better world-winning lasagna Combination dinners chicken and meal and eggplant pasta super subs. You like it. They got it Monday is lasagna night Tuesday's egg plant night Both nights you buy one of these you get the second one for only five bucks Wednesdays bring the kids for kids night every adult on train You get two kids can get choices spaghetti with tomato sauce or a slice of cheese pizza and every day They've got the best express lawn specials which deliver right to your office if you can't make it over there pizza loft A soft-load institution for 23 years at 3 514 South University drive in David just north of Griffin Road right next to Nova southeast in University or column at nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty dining carry out Have your pizza deliver hot and fresh pizza loft there back there alive there well and they be doing it and you know something I'm gonna have to get I'm gonna have to get in the mood for doing this right because I'm absolutely lost with these cues The Neil Roger show now exclusively on sports radio five sixty QAM They don't want to hear all those spots for places where you're you know redo your penis and we do your breasts and all that other good stuff They can hear that in the morning on the estupe talk network Anyway, it's 1040 on 560 QAM We can just see their in fake our way through and I can put away all this material because who needs it on the first day, right? And thanks by the way to all the Seriously all the media people have been really great. You almost think they like the show done do spag a channel for This man is obsessed. I pulled in here eight o'clock this morning and they're like standing behind the Barricade out there in the emboot in hiding they ambushed me with the cameras and bapapapapapapapapapapapap They're just going nuts and The Hank testicle from channel 60 didn't nice piece and our close personal friend Juan Mendeeta from channel 7 and even Ricky Sanchez called and like I said very quietly You know this how channel 10 sneaked in the in fact. There's still here. You're with channel 10 right? Illegal alien from channel 10 is in here. It's unbelievable See if he's got a green card or a visa Master card. Here's a mobile in the somewhere hello Hello mobile going once going twice okay, I like this. We've already had 75 all the finger man is back. Welcome sir I know yes It felt like a finger Plus my I am so excited that I'm going to talk to you are If we didn't know this guy I could have done something about my hemorrhage this summer Oh no comment Yeah, sure that I don't want to repeat it because I have Too many things about that people are calling me He is yeah No any old penis will do Wait, but it didn't you're not a finger listen I would be talking to maybe a more responsive I thought I could hear you, but you know we don't want to hit push you on the first day One day girl me that Greg read will be forced to spend more money. We don't want to do that Listen keep it straight my friend. You're from your two and I'll even air-cheat this guy is amazing. Here's a plantation hello Neil yes sir good to get the heat again when is the yes good? I now can tired of listening to Dr. Laura Swepenter. Uh-huh. Oh geez Just remember she's her mother's mother whatever now she says well, I don't need a mother. I don't need another mother I tell you I got plenty of money. We got we got the Warren Schwalm party on this station We got her own mother Listen the ones like good things about the dolphins losing I don't have to hear mad dog anymore What do you mean by that? You know right there you go there you go Run try to find it yeah Listen, what's George been doing lately? I told you George has been the production director all summer He was and all fall for like seven months. He was the fall guy. Oh, so he was bringing the check-home Yeah, I was worried that he you know he wasn't gonna be Make it any money while you were in writing okay because when you're doing business with these radio people One thing my attorney norm can now he's out of the room. I can't use any other room One thing he did very good. He didn't do a lot of things Quite the way he should have but it one thing he did great. He put it all in writing and said you will hire George penalty a death and After like two three hundred phone calls they actually hired him put him on a payroll By the way listen when you when I hang up call back call a switchboard and leave a number for Greg Reed and see if he returns your call I don't think so no chance no chance right no chance Listen you good to hear you again You know just That's which is on your new enterprise there. Thanks a lot. Okay. Take care of your life. Okay. He'll ride you. Oh By the way, how's their show doing? You know what the saddest part of it is this this is pathetic Is that people and I understand the people over at the QAM studio is a working with craft that's put together with the Scotch tape I mean I went in there one day and that place whatever Hank is told you was an understatement that place is a turlet I mean it's show it's unbelievable you can't imagine there ought to be some kind of a law To prevent people from being forced to work out of those in human conditions the place is a sewer It is a festering toilet And Paxon and his infinite wisdom they spent Zedians of dollars the sky was the limit you want it will build it even if you don't want it We'll stick it in there and it's been a fortune on all these grandiose studios and then of course They build this great studio for Ron and Ron which half of the show never showed up anyway Yeah, not exactly and then like a few months later. Guess what they're off the year in Miami There are their they've vanished period. They're gone no great loss, but I mean Just typical of the Paxon businesses he came in and trashed everything in his sight Right Scott buddy, but how's peach is doing by the way? Do you want it flashing? What is it? That's how you know it's nuts because these stay numerical order whatever you say for a lottery. Hello Neil God win us to you. It's the Italian iceman welcome back. Oh, yeah, George. Okay. Have a nice day What you saw how long he was now? We don't want cronics on the first day. Okay. You think that there be enough with all this promotion Publicity and all those great pates bots that Greg's getting us You think that we you know have enough people out there. We don't need the cronics We don't need the asshole from that video place. We don't need the Italian iceman who's another Simpering jackass. Let's get some real jackasses on her some new and different ones. Okay, and as town there should be no shortage Maybe the mayor will call in Here's a lady. Hello Welcome back You gave back it's super free Welcome back You the same old case since you went away Well the names have all changed since you've been around with a something that made you come back again Who the thoughts that major? Who the thoughts that major? What's that after do with anything? Exactly. Okay. Quit while you're ahead. Yeah, but wait a second. Okay. 1047 on 560 QA Am I telling you like you said sure? Mr. for seven months. We picked up right where we left off now I have to take the one that's flashing like under pedally a death or one here's a mobile hello Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great? It's a sim That's what I thought that's what you thought even though I can't hear you at all. I thought this is stem Yeah, yeah, well, you're open to get a real name Andrew Well because I've tried that and it's just haunting me just didn't fit in with your personality How many kids you got four or five? No, still just the one just the one good stand I don't know you don't start reproducing like rabbits. Okay. It's a toddler now so it's places that Leave that to the ethnic minorities all that over reproducing. Don't start doing that Unbelievable, so what if buddy buddy? But see if you call day and help before you got back on the air to check the thermometer today? Yeah, kind of cool. Yeah, he said it's deep in there. I'm right that's right Anyway, it was good to hear you. Glad to have glad your back. What's up? See you stem. Take care, bye-bye. What's up? Okay, by the way, we are going to be doing several shows on ethnic minorities in this country And how they've damaged America, but that's coming up tomorrow. Okay, let's do is he's gone. I work foster he's out of the room. Here's a candle. Hello Lou? Yes sir. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Great. Welcome back. Thank you. I got a little bit of hockey talk for you Yeah, you know the Panthers want to build on on you. They got a lot of beautiful defensemen And there's youthful defensemen have not been doing too well and we've got all these articles in paper about what's the matter with the defense? You can answer it in two words. Terry Cargnors towards that I can see. I can think of Joe Surrellah. Oh, you absolutely correct sir. Why do you take the word? The men in the history of the world and they make it a coach. They I've been saying that all season long They bring in a guy who never coached before in his life. They make him the coach of the defensemen and Terry Cargnors playing like he's a Law somewhere Gordon Murphy all of a sudden degenerated any place great for like two or three games and then of course He thinks it's Christmas all the time and gives away more than Santa Claus It's unbelievable. No deep and and then these great experts out there and the people who don't like him personally by the way Start attack in the bees or I got news for it for word for the bees or if they don't sign this guy next year We're gonna be protesting right out there in front of the arena all five million of us They're out of their minds this guy. You know, so we let's in an occasional soft goal at least you don't let her in from the other side of center Like Felix a pop fan. I think Felix is last name is starting to get to him. You know I'm talking about why is it that nobody has mentioned Surrell is name and any of the articles Yeah Cuz they're because you think these guys who are writing about it know what they're writing about It's just beyond the least yeah Okay, I just want to get my tooth and what about Rimmer's stepchild. They're robbing need a my don't you think it's time to send him back in it's a nice try robby But we got and Kirk Muller by the way is the anti-Christ I want to say about Kirk Muller You are the anti-Christ back to Kingston on Terios. We don't maybe don't share it. I'll let you move in with him and Mississauga But go away soon I believe that Kirk Muller is getting a second paycheck from someone else. I think they should check his bank statement wouldn't surprise me Put him in your hand garp and love on the same bus have a great day pal. They're long. Okay. Go pant is got the big San Jose game tonight And of course you'll be able to hear a fact similarly Representation of the game tonight right here at 5.60 QA and blah that's idea It's just you know, it's just astonishing that some people see there are some people will thought I was gonna spend a lot of time ripping them today And I don't have time for that. I can't waste time on small potatoes But what time is Chris more on you know what I'm saying? I mean I don't have time to waste with all the things that have gone down the last seven months Wasting my time on morons You know Anyway, let's these lines are spoken baby. Let me just give you the numbers so you get from many of these are by the way brand new numbers And of course the people back at the station say oh, he's not only got to have his own studio. He's got to have his own god damn numbers. He's got right you're right I mean why don't I'll not here is the surf side. Hello Neal welcome back. Thank you sir. This is Mr. Tessio for the old days. I need some help A wild back. I can't do it, Sally. Oh really a A wild back. What a wild back you help a contest at the old radio station where you awarded Free tickets to the 25th anniversary godfather and you also awarded a video and I think I see thee with the music and the boys at the WRM Decent of the tickets, but they never sent us the balance of the prizes how best there is some garbage up with them guys Call up but passion pal. I'm good luck to you. Okay. Give put a horses head into mail to this asshole. Oh Here it is. Can this is what you just heard this is the epitome of this town right there what you just heard I'm off the air for seven months. We got all these people running around here. It's like a big Simic all the media are in here the television stations every one of them's in here and this guy calls up seven freaking months later And wants to know can I get him is uh given some assistance with getting his prize from the Apex and people I'll tell you what maybe I'll give you a few shares of that stock before goes down to about three okay pal Oh my god seven and a half I think this morning the stock was 11 and seven eight to one point Seven and something seven and change on freaking believable buddy buddy you are really I see it George How's this one? Oh he's gonna meet two fingers. I'm giving him one just relax. We're not on the air. Hello Yeah, bigger emergency take line Yeah Where's the fabulous sports babe? What you get that odor in your system? It's hard to get it out Yeah, hello Neil welcome back. What how is this? Henry No, yes Get out of here. Why well like I'm supposed to be able to read it on this thing here Henry Yes, oh oh oh oh It's nice to have you back. Well, thank you Henry. You're still alive. I mean uh how is Mikey doing? Mikey's doing great Yeah, we just celebrated our fourth anniversary doing that congratulations are you on a year? Yeah, yeah, we're still there. I say more power to you. I really made it man these guys Thanks forever to get that taste and smell how do your system these guys got screwed big time I mean right deep in the rectum by the Cox people which is kind of interesting We put that together and they said okay we're nearly set out for a year We're telling him I'm jealous by the way. I only got paid seven months. He got paid for a year Yeah, and golfing the drink in the booze and you know and these guys went over to Waxi and put their own thing on here Now who owns you guys now? Mike No, no, I mean who owns that station still different? We build Jefferson. Yeah, Dennis Collins. Yes, Dennis is still there When you come on God. He's still alive. Oh, yeah, damn it. They're in a big repodeling now building an addition onto the building by the way Dennis Yeah, now it's not personally. You know this business Henry absolutely you got you got kind of your own Deal you work for Renirin. He kind of is like an independent boozer a contract That's right. I just wanted to know the center back this morning gave me an excuse I opened the bottle of wine There you go excellent timing is always nice going Henry Welcome back Neil. It's good to have you say is Roger still around oh, yeah and Harrison Ron Harrison. Yeah, you are probably listening right now all right Ron Maybe he'll build up the co-homes to call in I doubt it maybe we can straighten him out But I doubt it don't chance say hi to Mike give a big kiss for us. We'll do it. Thanks Henry. Bye. See yeah Henry Barrel from the days when W I would in fact Tanner and I were talking about this yesterday W I would be used to be the News station even though it wasn't a news format They were the station that had the credibility for news that a great news staff We had people on the air during a hurricane during the go. Ah, well, let's not go back through all of this crap okay It's the pressing It's the pressing to think about the greatness all the work in the toilet people put in there and then of course The FCC comes along with his praise what did I tell you people in the audience when they came down with his deal about letting all these big companies love out the competition By the way speaking of big companies and stuff about the competition How's that asshole Wayne doing these days by the way? Oh, yeah, I got plenty to talk about Wayne my good buddy Wayne Hey, let's go build that stadium right now. Maybe while the mayor of Miami is still on hallucinogens Maybe we can talk him at a spending $250 million that we find in a broom closet somewhere Yes, so we can build a new state of me. I mean is the aroma still in the year from all the Panthers are leaving Unless we build them in arena in Broward and we guess oh, whatever We don't want them to leave a building in the arena way and here you go and all of a sudden the the marlins this miracle of miracles When the world's serious and the the parades aren't even over yet the glory and the excitement in the community Hasn't even subsided and long comes Wayne and his pimps done smiley to announce to the world Oh, we've got to deal here about but of course you do understand if we're gonna put all this money up We have to have a $250 million dollar dumb stadium I'll tell you what you're gonna get this year baby. You're gonna get oh, I shouldn't say this goes deficit And then there we got the game is out here. We pay a lot for it But we're gonna have double a Marlin baseball Didn't the marlins used to be wasn't at the Florida Marlins worth a class 18 when they played in the Yeah, it was the Florida Marlins. They were class A so what comes around goes around Maybe we can get sunny herh to manage okay's a lot cheaper than leeland and at least he lives in town The Florida Marlins are coming back class A baseball they're gonna soak you through the ass for your tickets And they're gonna say oh please build us that stadium or guess what we're moving to Nashville We're moving to Portland and like Dave Hyde said we'll pack you a sandwich okay We'll pack you a salami sandwich good luck to you hit the road and get the hell out of here Somehow we survived without you know what I'm saying before they were here somehow we made it the Panthers we want the Marlins We'll see you Anyway, it's the 1056 and 560 QA and by the way, you know the Georgia you probably made through the first hour haven't said the The gravity not once I haven't you know nine years. I did that I'm having a Well tears and there when you switch stations You know you you know you have a problem there Because of the habit of saying the old call letters in the old the frequency It's something you have to be conscious of but being unconscious myself. I don't worry about now What will happen is in about six months. I'll come on and say hey it's 1042 on wbt and Batavia I did that. I don't know why I don't understand. I don't know what that's all about It's called getting old. I don't know what tell it's all about but one time on I I almost said it on that other place I came on and just subconsciously it slipped out in the words too. I said the Wbt of Batavia New York was the my first job in radio How do you like that so close to sure you must be near the goddamn end? It's 1056 on 560 QA. I don't forget Hank starts at two today get all your uh get the food ready By the way speaking of food we're gonna have lots of food Jeff is here with food today We got the sub guy across the street. How do you like that? I saw that place the sub center driving by from that great honey He'll erode what whoa that's a nice neighborhood and Oh man God we got security around this joint and I saw the sub center every day would drive in here We'd get on the elevator yesterday and this guy is there. He says I'm the guy so-and-so Joe put pick from the sub center We're bringing you food tomorrow. I said okay. We'll eat it Anyway dry concepts has been with me for a long time and they've been with this area even longer since 1979 I could've been telling you for years and years You've got to get the schmutz out of your carpets and rock not only because it's gonna look better in your house But for your health for you and your kids and your pets and your opinion he has guests in everybody else Dry concepts does it better than anybody else which is why I have them in my house every year and even my picking mother has him in a house They have certified tray technicians that'll dry clean your carpets just like the dry cleaning process That's used to clean your clothing. They'll clean your furniture. You're drapery. They do spot dying They do fiber protection. They'll even do carpet repairs beware of those 595 room pricing scams because those other joints They start adding up the price by the time you've done they charge in arm and four legs So called dry concepts today for all your home sanitizing needs never any rip off Just a super job every time you can depend on it Called dry concepts in dated 950 36 36 950 36 36 36 and Broward 588 147 39 581 47 39 and Palm Beach 930 47 39 and dry clean your home get them get those carpets look and just like brand new with our friends at dry concepts This is 560 QAM Well, I'm here with peaty. You know, I'm cad is in here disrupting the show if you want to be on here go over on the On the sloppy talk network there. Well, yeah, good god almighty So did they just did they do the idea net thing or not or are we doing it? Oh, no, I think you should do it You think I should do it here the Neil Rogers show now on sports radio 516 W QAM Miami Fort Latter Day Let me ask you something mister consultant why are they saying now on sports radio 560 QAM? And a little bizarre. This is not a sports show change the ideas or else else We're coming back tomorrow you assholes So anyway George comes in here my George and like Fiddles with the thing and puts the brightness of there's no problem with the screen just need a little brightness here See George Corso is under so much pressure He thinks everything now is like gonna require getting on a phone and screaming and yelling which by the way Speaking of getting on the phone and screaming and yelling and I have two people in the other room who can very well vouch for this for six solid months Every day that I was out of town. I had the time of my life greatest days of my life Every day that I was in this town was like a living hell But see unlike George my producer who is gonna absolutely have an ulcer No, you're always talking about nuts in your stomach. I let it out you hold it in and the Stress too and I'm telling you man you have to vent you can't just hold it and you're gonna wind up with bleeding ulcers I on the other hand and may lovely 196 pounds look like the same old piece of crap I always have and I'm doing just fine. Thank you and once find the expectation Okay, here's a I can read these now. Thank you George and thank you norm for what I'm wanting to do it But you never would have found it any way. He's still looking for it norm here's a mobile in a Cooper city. Hello No, yes, sir. Hey, good. We're welcome back. Thank you And I couldn't even get my hand on my thing fast enough this morning when I heard this was your first day back a lot of masturbation when I'm yeah, oh my radio, huh and What else did I have to say that was that mean welcome back? Thank you so much. That's all We're not in any formality. That's the first day and we want to talk to eight million people today You know, yes, also When you're when you're on hold and you go to commercial. Yeah, you can't hear anything. It's just dead air. Are you hearing that? Am I hearing? No, I'm not talking to you. I'm done when they go when we go to a spot stay here nothing So we're gonna want to bluesing a lot of calls after you I was on my mobile to almost hung up because I thought I was gone. Oh the the colors on hold don't hear it Why not? Well, what kind of crap is that yeah, you very well putster what kind of a pilot crab is that? I mean your first day back and we're already gonna start this now. No, it's good, though We'd live with this this is a little experimentation you get the bugs iron out now, okay? While Greg reads out a town okay give George another bleeding also. Okay, thanks a lot pal So we got a little problem there. We can fix that. I mean they can hear on hold. Why are you saying it matter Effectely like that's the way it's supposed to be like that should be our biggest problem exactly like norm can't running around and here like an old Jewish Housewife here's plantation hello Yeah, yes, sir. Hey you're back unbelievable. You're I am Hey man, yeah, you could have bigger problems. Hey. I was there for the final 7th game of the series about the Marlins Yeah, the champs do that they're all gone, huh? Yeah, won't see them no mole destroyed So let me talk you continue to be a big Wayne fan at this point or what no, I think he Suck he has absolutely turned off virtually everybody with IQ larger than their penis in this town and It's it's scary. I mean what he said years ago when I turned on him and rightfully so what he said He didn't get into the baseball because he cares about the fans He got into it for the money and he's showing us now exactly what it's all about and you know what's gonna happen Yes, my this mildly business is the biggest scan the biggest bunch of crap There is no group put together to buy this team. Why would a bunch of people who've got you know a marginal amount of money Relatively speaking by into a thing that a billionaire was losing his ass on you know what I'm saying? Absolutely were you less on here huh were you at the final game? No, I'm not a bandwagon jumper I have no interest in the Marlins and I what you know I had free tickets. Thank goodness from this joint But I'm not gonna give him away. I'm not gonna go and pretend that I'm a fan because I don't really care But not because they they became big winners and went to the theory Well, that's why a lot of people were there. That's what you mean I want to remind you something. I don't know how good your memory is but you remember when they got when the season started They got Alex Fernandez and they were singing in the media. Oh all the Cubans are gonna come out now You know on the days when Alex pitches they're gonna have 40,000 people in the stand because you know It's a Cuban that's an ethnic thing There wasn't one extra person in the stand. He had a big year till he got hurt There wasn't one extra person in the stands Cuban or otherwise on the days when Alex Fernandez pitched it had nothing to do with that and then all of a sudden because of this hyped-up Bandwagon jumping fever They get in the world series. They beat you know the braves and a playoffs to get in the series and now all of a sudden Hey, leave on Hernandez and they're playing dominoes in dominoe park and the Cubans are hyperventilating and they're Rulin back their foreskin. You know, I mean who gives a crap? It's a ball the whole team the whole team is a body They're all bought. I mean you talked about that a million people bought a world series and then he sold a town out Isn't that quite a good one We're not swaying okay you've gray robber That's why I've always been a Dodger fan the Dodgers build from their minor leaks. Yeah, before are they boring? Yeah, but they would have they would have they would have they boring is there anybody you take bill Russell and Steve Garvey put those two together. They could put you in a coma for a hundred years Boring oh God are they born now you live without Tommy LaSorta at least he was a little bit colorful. You know what I'm saying? You're the comedian when he used to jump on the fully phonetic and kick the crap out of him and try to eat his pasta I mean then it was at least a little bit exciting the Dodgers are we're talking baseball have a nice day sir See I almost I told you just like I said in the circle it's a one thing Ellie got right not too much else We've heard but though we want things she got right is they're gonna try to suck you into talking sports But Ellie got that right that fucking bitch by the way Remind me tomorrow to bring in my foot massage that was in my contract What what is she where do you come up with crap like this Ellie brother? Okay? As in breath all over the place and please don't tell me that the breath is not here George Here's Miami sure is hello Well, it's you a lot because you're gay a lot welcome back Doesn't be nothing be fagged boy. Okay. Thank you so much. Okay, they're calling in from queer channel That was good if you know who that is too. No, it's one of our regulars pretty weak for how pretty weak work on it and a song to here's candle hello Hello Neil yes, hi, welcome back. I'm sorry just heard. Oh, okay Yeah, I have some very pressing questions that I hope you can answer yes, okay first I'm gonna watch Vegas. Can you recommend the good hotel and good buffet? Okay. Let's go to a mobile in Miami. Hello Welcome back, baby. How you doing sir? Good good. Hey I just want to talk about us man. We lost no moment and we picked up right where we left off What are we the ball better than the damn dolphins? We're gonna write down that field. Hey. I want to tell you why you're worth a million dollars a year Okay, that's start they had a That's what they said in the papers. Yeah, but just like my foot massage that was in my contract Great day a year they had to come up with somebody with the life Somebody could talk somebody could say their name Somebody could make me laugh one time. You know something Greg oh you have just huh Let go let go my Grego and you know something they still didn't let him go they stuck his ass on at night I was coming out here last night. We were here at a nine thirty and they got him on there at night Playing amateur a collegiate radio. I can't get over it. I talk about sophomore in juvenile This guy thinks if he keeps talking about his girlfriend Cool and what it looks like in smells like every day. That's gonna make a show now You know why did not turn on my radio six then this is the god of the honest truth now six times all year You know since today I got off my the my thing Listen to the new super talk 1240 got 1238 Jan 0 or 12 that no not 12 They're also doing a stupid talk well. No, what they've got What they did was they strengthen their signal Yeah, they strengthen their signal and now they do Look at you something if you take a pile of dog crap and you magnify it times a thousand, okay? Right, it's still dog crap So what difference does it make the jnfj and oh had four billion watts? It would still be jn With all the respect to my friend Randy. I love Randy but with all the respect to that It's gonna be a leaf hour. Yeah, it's still the same drag Well, welcome back baby. We love you. Thank you so much. You're welcome and have a sweet day Okay, our numbers again. We don't really have to give the numbers But I want to give you the numbers so you're right. I'm done having for the most of the days Probably starting tomorrow when it's that fairly days because see unless you're talking about what do you think about Dan marino and Jimmy Johnson you like Jimmy you hate Jimmy you like Danny should be a colon just go eat your pizza and get out of here already Well, yeah Jimmy Johnson the day he came here and kept I don't want to start getting sidetracked with the day he came here and Fire Tom Oliver Dottie and kept Gary Stevens I knew that something really offensive was going on. It wouldn't be the team I mean this man needs a psychiatrist keeps Gary Stevens He is about as imaginative as duffy Dority and he's been dead for 20 years, okay? A yard and a half and a cloud of dust there we go with that great offense Gary and of course now Gary Stevens gonna be the convenience scapegoat He's gonna get his ass can because Jimmy's not mine in the stories too busy of what doing his hair Too busy doing his hair again his satellites stuff done by the way my helmet house my receiver coming baby It's eight minutes after eleven on the 560 Q a m what are we doing now we're doing pizza crust? Oh, it just turn your head to the wall, okay? Not everybody okay? I'll even stick in their spot. They don't mind not everybody can slip over to the pizza Loft and not everybody lives close enough to get delivery which is like an awful lot of people But if you want to have a great pizza right there at home some of the best you've ever had in a Million times better than any frozen pizza in the world and 10 million times better than the other so-called pizza crust Stay home and make a great pizza yourself with mama Mary's gourmet pizza crusts even George is upset right? Obsessed Yeah, partially because they were for free, but they were great and I took a bunch of them home And it's so easy that even I can make a great pizza right there in ten minutes in the house It's an actual pizza crust not a bread shell but really great quality pizza crust made of the best stuff They use honey instead of sugar They're cholesterol free. They use only the best products in the world You just take one out of the plastic wrapping and the last forever by the way just about you bring it home You put on your your smear on your sauce your mozzarella you put on your electa Clemens is said you stick on your meatballs Your sausages your pepperoni your pop at the oven for ten minutes and you've got a great great pizza right there in a house They also each crust has a no spillage It lets you bake your pizza without a pan mama Mary's gourmet pizza crust not only help you look like a great chef But like I said they're made of the best stuff on earth Mama Mary's gourmet pizza crust they're easier they're faster they're better for you unless expensive than the competition Look for mama Mary's gourmet pizza crust in the deli section of your local supermarket Erass for mama Mary's gourmet pizza crust if they don't have them smack them over the head this is five sixty Q a M The F F F F F F F F F F F I was explanatory, I'm pretty clever What are you doing here, flying in front of me Paulie, I'm Maya Tazar Jackie, I'm drifting Hi ladies and gentlemen you are such fantastic And I'm full, Sierra Mia I love not that you are ugly I'm a  Cl shorts the devil are. So, drink some beer. Everybody have a white towel at it. The hell you're fatigued. Okay, look, what's the kind of crap out here? You're no Judy Garland. Start. 11.13 on 5.60 QAM. Now, you notice what I said before about the fact that my being off the year for seven months, much more significant to the despratos out there than it was to me, even though I enjoyed it very much, it was a real bonus in my life to get paid. Oh my god, are these people starting to look a lot better every day of my life? God bless you, full. You know, there's an old saying, the grasses greener on the other side. What I'm talking about, and green there it is. It's pretty green right there. Bob Green and Cheryl and the old entourage from the real WOD, which by the way, they're glad that they changed the format, but which they would change the call it, which by what queer channel is doing, to what formerly was a wonderful, in fact just one more time for the West Coast. Unbelievable. What's happened? How many months it was like 12 months? And not even two years. In two years, they've gone from great to mediocre to non-freaking existence. Thank you so much, buddy, PUD and queer channel. Man, you guys are just absolutely incredible. I've never seen anything in a business like in my life. I've seen everything. I have never ever seen a decimation like what they've done to WOD. Even what's your name? The old bag. In fact, I got the cart bag. The old bag that, what the Elvis, your name when they put the station on the year, the 400 year old bag that talked about how the city of Miami Beach, they put up the tower, and they stuck a deep inside of the extension. Right, bro. And whatever the hell was about? You remember her? The one the old broad, and she's not even paying attention. She's losing with normal over there. No chance, honey, forget about that. You can do better than that. Okay, let's do a Hollywood. Hello. Hello, Nachman. Yes. I want to wish you a frail of Hanukkah. Oh, it's another Jew. All right. We got two Jews. It's listening to QA. I'm all right. Hey, we're talking. You don't know which Jew this is? Yes, I do. Of course. If you're Latkis Jew. I know. Did you eat Latkis yet? No, I don't. It's not on my actions. What about Sufkaniot? The what? Those jelly stuff donuts that George loves. Yeah, right. Neither on the Atkins, right? No, not this week. What about in celebration of the last night of Hanukkah tonight? The last night of Hanukkah? You haven't mentioned that. Yeah. Because I don't know that. And do me a lot of people. We had so many Yiddler. Well, I'll listen. I'll start doing my Yiddish if I realized we had a few Yiddlers out there. You're Jewish. It's basically a gracious station. Now, I can't be. Thanks, the Jewish is a. And we got guilty. They're in a morning. Did you see the pop lighting the menorah? Yeah, I saw him. He was lighting it in the menorah too, right? Unbelievable. When the pop lights, it'll be a major bullet in all the really trust me. He sent one of his little puppets to do it. Yeah, well, listen, Zygazun. Well, happy. Hold on. Yeah, I wonder what you and George, lots of Mosul in your newest endeavor and looked great on TV. And in the, and in the Harald this morning. Never changed, do I? You know, I could still be the same old part that I was 400 years ago. And those doggy's look great too. Exactly. Anyway, pray look at the Connica, a good shop. And Scythe knife junior who I just saw this morning in Schulz senses love. And happy circus. Take any. I'll re-vit herch. Yeah, the piece that Channel forwarded. I told John Dutzman the other day, they should win in a ward. You know, they have those journal. I mean, he's not as good as Greg O. Let's face it. But do you know, seriously, they had an award thing. Who was that that did that awards? Well, who? The South Florida what? Do you have the South Florida douche bags and assholes had an award thing? And they gave Greg, they said, let go my Greg O. What was the March they died? Huh? The March of Dines. Why? Because he paralyzed their radio dial? I mean, is that what it's all about? The March of Dimes gave Greg O and award for what? Talk to how his girlfriend smelled and looked in the consistency of it. They don't pick the people. They just collect the money for the Dinders. Man, oh man, outside of the day, they have really put a new Kink into a radio over there and make no mistake about that. The bad part about this is we're not going to be able to hear a large ass. Here is a, here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes. God. How you doing, sir? I've been counting it since you left. A lot of masturbation went on. Yeah. Neil, I've missed you so much. I've been waiting. That's why there's been so much more moisture in the ears since I was off the year. People are looking for something to do to keep busy, I guess. Oh, man, Neil, it's great to hear you back. I mean, that's really all I call the tell you. And, you know, I hope that they go down in flames. Everybody but Rick and Suss. Yeah. Don't you feel, I mean, let me ask you something. Seriously, I'm not suggesting you're a programmer, but in this business anybody can be a programmer. You're dragging them off the street. That's what they used to do with IOD. But at any rate, you, you, you, I mean, if we've had an IQ bigger than your little finger, I mean, look at this lineup, they got Mr. Ego doing jury-electric talk in a morning. And, of course, he's on 14, 100, he's on 12, 90's. I mean, you got to have a roadmap and a compass to find out which station which one is on. And, of course, you don't want to hear any of them in the first place except maybe Rick and Suss. And, by the time they come on, every radio and town is off the way. Well, the thing that was funny is yesterday, by camp, I just happened to turn on and like the lemon and clock. And, you know, I heard something about, you know, like, like, you just missed you just that. I was like, ah, ah, ah, ah. Well, don't tell me, pex and bought the thing back. I have no idea. But, um, Neil, I, what, you were just saying about being a programmer? I knew, met Rick Riley and, uh, I don't remember who the guy the program manager was, um, before they went. We only went first went to clear channel. Yeah, you mean, but, you know, me Peter Bullard. Yeah, they did. No, wait a minute. Harry Valentine? Yes. It was Harry Valentine. By the way, thank you again, Harry Valentine for having that moment. As dinner would be a Burton Jackson convincing me, even though you didn't intend to do it. That you're a complete asshole. A water-sabbo clone. And that's what convinced me not to sign the Pax and deal. And thank the Lord if there is one which I doubt. But thank goodness, any of that I, I, I, I, I, I did it with Harry penis. But I met them and I met them and, uh, that sweet tomato place that used to be across the way from, uh, I, I, I, I always knew deep in my mind that if I ever had a great experience in my life, it would be with a Harry penis. Well. If you, if you can't see it, it would be with you. If you can't see it, it would be with you. If you can't see it, it would be with you. But anyway, you're great. I always can see it. I just don't try to find it. Yeah. Well, not we get a chance to see if that thing works. That was great. You'll have that on the, we'll have that for promo sur promo excellent job. I think that was an inside job. That was probably a great calling from out of town as you see if the dump works. Anyway, it's 11. 20 on 5. 60, Q. I don't forget Hank moves up to two years on from two to six. talking with him. Get out of here with that. I'm still not working on his stuff. Talking with our program and department of fun. I want to have time is a Chris Moron, but we'll find out. Man, what a talent. There is a man. And he thought I was going to come on here today in Slice of Manass. Even Denise Pipeman. Even Denise Pipeman at the games of sucking around me every game. Very nervously like I'm going to come on here in the ripping man as. I feel really, really happy. Why would I waste my time with small potatoes, Denise? Okay. Why would I waste my time? Now I know why the Ranger fans hate him like poison. Okay. And we kill enough time. I think so. Here's a lady in Fort Latterdale. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Yes, Neil. Welcome back. We missed you. Thank you. And um, the Italian I said a Mitch. Hey, you. Yeah. How do you like that? How do you like that? This is this little conglomeration. This is what I was talking about. They're all like joined at the hip. They all have each other's private. Deep inside each other's. Where the hell is it? Oh, man. Am I slow. Where's him? There it is. I know what to find one. But at any rate there, they're like all connected at the hip and it's like a little chain gang. They're a little Daisy chain that got going. What is on the edge of some food? On bullies and helping you. I don't know. I don't remember this gentleman with his great jalapeno. And the sun guys here. And they're in the sub places here. Sub center. Big one. He hungry man. Stop. I've got tons of food. Greg Reed, each your heart out, baby. Eat this. Here's a adventurer. Hello. Adventurer. Don't you love this? So, Neil, let me ask you this question. Do you miss being back on a year? Here is a cutlery. Hello. Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, good morning. I knew welcome back. Thank you, sir. Now, my day. I'm a day. I'm a day. I'm almost complete. Now, how was starting the morning? You were 10 o'clock. Or did you know, still Henry? Yeah, we need the fill. He's doing great by the way in LA. He's he's kicking ass out there. I didn't think I had a lot of good luck. He'd be doing it. Yes, I did. I didn't think I had a lot of good luck. He'd be doing it. Yes. I didn't think I had a lot of good luck. He'd be doing it. Yes. I didn't think I had a lot of good luck. What is it? Are you a mission state alumni? Yes. Michigan State by the way, in a big great late. How can you turn them at beat? Michigan's asked five to three. How do you like that? How do you like that? How do you like that? I like that great running back to Magic Irving. Yeah. How Florida. He'd be good. Yeah, where's my dad's my dad's home. Is it really? Yes, he really is. Now, wait a minute, that's your God son, but he's Michael Irvin's brother. Do he be your Michael Irvin's cousin? Oh, it'd be his cousin. That's his cousin. Not his kiss him cousin. Yeah, I had to work. I had to work for you. Not like some mates, are they? No, no, not really. Yeah, I had to work for you. I had to work for you. I had to work for you. I experienced a raid since he was nine years old. And then he's not the other gangster. Like, uh, he's a straight kid. He's a Christian. He's a why? He's a Christian. Oh, now we're in trouble. Oh, God. He's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a Republican South Florida very well. Yeah. They love them up there and Michigan. Great. Like this, everybody loves that you're good. Although you do understand, I was the final score in at Michigan State in that, uh, a long, 51. It was 175 to three or something like that. One thing about us, Spartans, like I always said, we don't give a crap about winning. We just go out there, get drunk, get screwed and have a good time. That's all we care about. We're not out of tight like those Michiganers. Those Michigan. We don't care. And we're thinking we know it and we're proud of it. How you play the game? That's it. Most important. But he's a good kid. That's what he's going to throw next year. Okay. And I've been moving up and uh, so to Florida. Well, though, let him come to the Dolphins man. Oh, no, no. I'm actually not waiting to happen. Make no mistake about it. Take a use and no. By the way, I think Wayne is spreading the room of the Dolphins are moving to a Gainesville. Oh, is that right? Well, how did great day, Palin? Thank you. Good luck to us. Come back now. Thank you. How about you? You'd be well. Okay. It's 11 23 on 560 QA and Bob Green is here in Cheryl and Linda Doyle is sharing old memories from it. And even one, and Mendia, it's like it's like the old IOD back together. Again, when it was a real radio station, all right. How do you like that? We got some real broadcasts here instead of those Graham. They got over there now and man, did you see the piece they did? It was kind of like an obligatory thing on a change between the queer channel thing between I and Z and IOD. And they had a piece and Alice Rand tell was sitting there like a loan in his big room. Neil Rogers midday, 10 to 2. Hank Goldberg, afternoons now from 2 to 6. The new Chris and Boogie Knights, 6 to 10. And then it's game night with Ed Kaplan from 10 till the last game news. Have a great 98 from Sports Radio 560 QA and Neil Rogers got. That's why I bought some cardums today. You don't have to fight in. And careful not to bite in. Maybe all you have to do is just listen to what I say. You're not ready to eat that this clip you might need. I'll turn up my eat. Come all over me. You're a huge turn, you give me a sin. I went you wear that song. Come all over me. Stroke on my picker right. I'll rub your breast line. You got a nice rack. Got you down on your bed. Baby, come over me. Baby, come over me. See ya. Okay Bob and Cheryl, I'll tell you like I said things always look greener on the other side, but man, they were pretty damn good. You know what? Even Georgia smiling in. Not too bad. Anyway, it's 11 30 at 5 60 QAM and we're having a little picnic here. Wayne Arnold's silver food. Murray is here. Wings and things. Wings and curls. Rather brought us the, well I said, like I said, Wings and curls. Brought us wings and those poppers or whatever. The holiday colors things. You can't say, oh yeah, jalapeno popper peppers. And we got course pizza law. Let's mention him again 20 or 30 times. So you don't got a business. And it's just a big party here today. Two bad Greg ain't here to see it, right? Here's a tamarack. Hello. How are you doing, sir? It's great. Have you back, man. Mr. Thank you. And then can you play Ross to do? Okay, no problem in about six weeks. Okay, it's all requested Tuesday. And if you believe that anybody who thinks first of all, that we would play request on the first day. But of course this guy's only joking, but some of them are serious. Some of them are serious. What are you disshaveling in your posts? These are the drumats from uh, win-arms. Oh, we got drumats also, huh? And we got major rats. That's for the a jocks out here. Like I said before, why don't you people lighten up a little bit with it? I mean, one dimensional market, one dimensional marino. I mean, even my good friend, Rimmer, who's a great guy. I always wife's a lot nicer. But even Rimmer, that day that he was on for a hang on a marino. Good guy. As he all done, as he washed up, I think it's terrible. Let's keep him for another 20 years. Who cares? You know what I'm saying? They haven't developed another quarterback. Anyway, Craig Erris and couldn't quarterback a little, a midget, little league team. And they haven't developed another quarterback to replace this guy. Like he's going to be there forever. And you guys can hawk a chanick from now until the year 2050 is Danny Dunn. Is he great? I mean, forget it already enough. Narotic repetition. Narotic. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey, New God. Yes, sir. How you doing? Hey, man. What makes you such a hockey expert? What do you mean what makes me such an expert? Yeah, you come on. You say that you're hockey expert. Because I've been a hockey fan for 40 years. You're in most of the people down here. Don't know how hockey from a lender's bagel. Just because you know the difference between the length of the stick and the width of the pot. It doesn't make you a hockey expert. Yes, are you an expert? I'm nope. Nope. I'm just wondering what makes you so much for sharing your knowledge about hockey with a server. See at the game tonight. Not see one thing about our crowd is one thing they know and thank goodness not on my side. Not on the side. We're, I said on the other side, it's hey, ref you suck. You know one of our guys trips another guy flagrly sticks out his stick or maybe Spears him in the gut with a stick and a referee and off goes to the arm. Here's the penalty. Hey, ref you suck. It's a great to have that knowledgeable crowd out there at the arena, but at least we show up. We may not stay as long as we use to which really pissed off Wayne But in fact, how did it take me an hour and a half to mention about my friend Doug McLean and in the beginning I thought well You know, I was out of the country. I read it in the papers. I was shocked that it happened so soon But I did predict to everyone who would listen that he would never last the season because Doug he was like crumbling from the pressure He was getting psychotic with the officials the referees wouldn't even talk to him anymore And it just seemed that the team wouldn't play for him anymore for whatever the reason That's what I thought but then his time has gone on after the initial Brian Murray game You know, they'd be Boston 10 to 5 which I couldn't believe and After that and things have been really a rocky road until he's last two road games They still can't win it home so the verdict is still out but to me Doug McLean was the scapegoat and part of this whole Wayne business This is a matter of fact. Is that in here by the way George? Oh, please don't tell me it's not in here yet. Oh, geez It's not in there yet. So like I said, we'll play it tomorrow. Okay. Let's do my Emmy. Hello Leo God. Yes, sir. Welcome back to any God. Yes, welcome back, buddy. Thank you. How are you feeling today? I'm feeling great. You know, see people kept asking me are you anxious to go back to work? And I would look at them like they were nuts and saying no, I'm enjoying a you know a free ride But when you know mentally that you don't have enough money to retire and you're gonna have to go back to work at a certain point You get revved up for it and now I'm ready I'm here and I'm ready and I'm full of crap as usual. Yeah, Leo I won't get you cigar, but you got mix of cars backing up, man. That's right. Hey, Neil I have a shameless request, man. Okay, okay, there's a Here you go, there you go pal there you ask for it and you got it 1134 on 560 Q a m where we go in Existing all you did was just to flip that little all the brightness up there like a little the con The figure huh the contrast the contrast that's all a tip we don't this is the rocket scientists to quote a Engineering it's not rocket science you put the contrast up you've seen some sort of screen not bad Here's a lady in hell and they'll hello How a nail I Nill this is Nick yeah, I'm sorry next cigars no no no that I just want to welcome you back and he would I go back to the days where I found a cruise with you with our one That's a long I'm a long time this Listen, uh-huh, but you know now I have to change my way my car radio back to your Q m a back to 560 You're not all sports station. Thank God But the problem is that I'm a finding is or support yeah Before you do have new but you'll listen to Hankies Jewish That's after you but before you I take my way Okay, well like I said we got we got the golden in the morning Is that new We got gold steam in goldburg as long as we got a nice bunch of Yiddish boys on your listen Forget about the everything I want to do wish When I turn on the ring when I turn my radio on a six o'clock I put off a new Not just for it yeah Of course we double you know from news now Well, I don't they do that we I don't want to be a pop wave We don't like all those interruptions. We like getting the guy on the air and letting them roll with this thing You want news turn on CNN for ten minutes. You know everything you need to know. I don't want to watch the name Tell you what you should be upset about I know I'm so 20 So what do you so let me ask you something did you will you listen to me? Absolutely did you shed a lot of tears when Diana died? Well, I was I was I was I didn't anybody would be hurt. I Yeah, but I mean I felt very badly because she was a lovely mother to children Yeah, she was a nice mother but I aren't there lovely mothers with two children in this kid like you're a right-in-town who gave killed every day And nobody says a word about it But we not I mean everybody's so worried about William and and Harry don't you think that they're gonna be fairly well taken care of I mean there's orphan kids here there for their parents get killed in a car crash There's like five kids in a family. They're on a street corner begging for dimes and quarters And everybody's worried about the the poor boys up there the princes there would be the king and the queen Which everyone is which it's more of a romantic thing in the oh you know what? Yeah, right You do Let's personally after this year, but let me tell you one thing if you do any reading all the time I don't want to brandize the universe. Have you read the kitty have you read the kitty Kelly book? No, we're absolutely not why not I don't read such crap such Shot You can't say it on the air, but I can't say crap. I take one, but I can't say no seriously You must read the book. I was very skeptical. I read that book I had more laughs. I just peed my pants. It's the funniest book you'll ever read in the only 10% of it is true You'll go nuts Everybody should go out today and buy that book the royals by kitty Kelly and then after they breed that They should read the book kitty Kelly wrote 10 years ago on Frank Sinatra old blue eyes in blue note Brown nose and then they'll really know something about life I think that your experience is how on there would be more exciting than that book you're right Remember the Rosenberg experience you're high ever oh Okay, have a happy chinuka. Yeah, thank you so much. I try to get news on your program before It for you. Okay. Well, I'll hire back one, Mendeetta. He's gonna do the news in Espanol Who would you look at? Oh, yeah, that's okay, too. See us. We are bye. Oh, I seriously everybody should go out by the kitty Kelly book You should make a run and then run to the store and buy the royals at big book big tick book for those very boring days Like especially in you know in the early morning hours when there's nothing listen to on a radio. Oh, sorry guys Just a joke just to let Joe Rose you notice how uptight nervous everybody was and by the way Pony tail I'm not saying you're the only one because other people are got sucked into it Two pony tail Jeff Cohen comes in here the other day. Oh, you're about default Bop-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba I mean a real-ienta man. Are you ever a yenta if you want to hire it like the hyzo Got a side business next to the pizza joint called rent a yenta and if you want a yenta this man can hockey a China Like you never saw in your life. It's Tommy O. D. Fosen rehab, and here he's got either a gambling or a drinking problem He's on vacation the guy was in here with Linda from sales last Thursday with his puppy cheeks He's a great guy. We were yuckin it up and he told me I won't be there next week in my vacation So Joel Rose and Gildy and their desperation to do their fill-handry junior bit They're like they're doing their stick always and rehab, and he's gambling about papand Oh god give me a break. Are you positive? It's 1138 on 560 QA. I'm attention Toyota buyers don't make a $5,000 mistake Whatever you do only candle Toyota by the way where we got George that great four one of that he's enjoying very much Exactly America's low price power house beats air every advertised price not just in town not just in the state But in America or a candle Toyota will give you $5,000 in cash That's how sure they are. They're gonna beat those other guys to a pulp over a thousand new Toyota's and use cars in stock at candle Toyota On these 39 month leases new 98 corollos with air in Adam automatic only 149 a month 98 cameras with air in AC only 169 a month. That's Aaron the automatic like I said 98 four runners 239 dollars a month Little more for yours George because it's loaded 98 to come up pickup $69 a month for 27 months and he can still buy with no cash down Zero zippity doda at Kendall Toyota man there great in fact What's his name with the white beard ain't there no more, but we saw him and of course when we go with every time I go and see him at a dealership That's his last day So I won't be seeing you again soon mark, but they got great people down there Say how to our friend Frank what's his name? What's the a Guido down there Frank? Frank Marzala Frank Marzala. Oh, yeah, I think even a day of vial after him Don't make a $5,000 mistake candle Toyota will beat every advertised price in America I'm the same equipped in stock new Toyota or they'll pay you $5,000 in cash Candle Toyota on US one just out the day land folks Folks, oh, that's it this there is five 60. I know what you AM Catch all the NFL posts season action and Super Bowl 32 on the home of your Miami Dolphins sports radio 560 QAM Bring back Alex Bennett for God sake. Do yourself a favor. Well, you're pal Oh Don't get in that Mercedes Princess I were begging please Pop or Ratsies come in after you you're gonna crash into a love Norwich guys for you Princess I Princess I She's really going into a tunnel hello Oh Here which by the way I forgot the names of those other two bits that were supposed to play and we also got to play that good by I would be about 45,000 times That's every limit and the other one I've got in here edited Sorry, it's so noisy in this room. It's too bad. It's so noisy in here But Jeff Cohen is holding court along with John Dushla people don't know what to do in a studio Exactly, they're in there like Hocka to China, okay, which we don't really care Let me give you that number again five six seven oh five sixty that state and Broward anybody didn't get through five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty We pay for it AT and T and mobile one. Okay. Here's my M.E. Hello Neil how you doing great welcome back so glad to see you know to hear you again really missed your big time Thank you not only have I missed you what I've also missed the cronics because they are entertaining What is what he graper is it? Yeah, most of the cronics I wouldn't give you a diamond a hat You know what the way you handle them it's fun. Yeah, true. You don't quite corners and yeah, they're gone They're on for like four seconds and they're they're gone. Okay, so we have an open line Wherever that was what he grabers in there with a bunch of big Elephants depositories nice gone. What do you hope the Amorites you'll up here's a mobile effect. I give you some tips here's a mobile and pepper pine. Hello Mobile and pepper pines So Neil, let me ask you this question. Here's uh, oh my god No wonder we got the space clear and out on the board to make room for this guy Oh, Sean provocator Hi, you're buddy Jeff high. I hear the free food. Can I come down? Yeah, we don't have enough for you sweetheart Hey, I want to tell you I'm gonna have a charger draw it to you like is really only one flap We really miss your bud. You're still there. Yeah. Well, I'll tell you one thing you better do something that Pete Bolger You're better taint his mayonnaise on his salami sandwich or something. Hey, you missed the Kevin Corny We talked six tensile last night. Yeah, thank god What really and I know in all seriousness it all three and a half years What you know is pretty amazing from the coxisters to the alpo to here. We are today Now let me ask you something because I'm probably they're probably still listening in the car You know Bob Green and Cheryl were here from the old IOD right and I'm not joking I'd tell you that in retrospect there's starting to look pretty damn good You know things where we had our problems like any place else but only until you experience So pack some and then some other things which I don't even have time to go into then you start looking back and they started to look pretty good It was awesome. It was that was great radio I mean with that line up and and poor Rick. I mean I would say it talking to Rick the other day He said this is going to be interesting, you know, they like you said before the nine hours of lead in Yeah, and I thought it's talking at home and he's a Gardening the food she said I heard fat boys on the bottom. I'm gonna stay here and guard the food You all we don't get in here anymore. You know, let me ask you how many remotes of you sold this month that nobody knows about yet You sure yeah, I'm sure yeah, but same old Jeff high man You're okay in my book anybody who's from Buffalo and actually talks about it can't be all bad Sure, Bob say they miss them a lot. Cheryl and Bob say they miss you a lot and they got their fingers legs and eyes crossed Have a great day, pal. Hey, they talking they like best of luck Thanks, all right, bye say hi to a people's year oh man talk about dumb talk about dumb See the one thing with the packs and organisation is Brian Murray would say with that Organisation you have to ask yourself is it is it packs in himself? Well certainly partly because he's an absolute bozo Is it Jay Hooker and Don't know is it Alan Mason is it Perry Mason is it Rhona Wolf is it Walter Sabo well do we have that in there please tell me that's in there George please I'm begging you It's not in there, but it will be well see we only have like 20% of our crap in there because there was a little bit of a delay Because Greg had to go out of town so we needed money for airfare here is here's Holly would hello Holly would oh These are beautiful one after another after another here's pepper pines. Hello Neil god yes, sir, right to talk to you. Thank you. I'm a we should come on Go ahead. I'm a multi-year listener I've only called you a few times but just had to call and tell you how awesome it was to get in my car this morning Turn the key and hear you coming out the fingers It was one really yeah, I had a quite an opportunity this morning They took they slept me upstairs and I was on power 96 with a morning guy up there was a good guy And if you could see that's more of this measly read business man They got equipment up there seriously we have thrown out stuff I mean entire Cart machines and boards we've thrown direct out that was better than the stuff that they're pasting together up there to try to make a radio stage Would you never seriously? I'm not exaggerating. This is unbelievable So what what I think I'm going to accomplish and I hope these other people here the ones that are jealous and paranoid and very petty right now Eventually they'll come to thank me for dragging this company out of the stone age and forcing them to Spend a few bucks and get some real equipment You know be a real radio station as opposed to this Schlok Well, I hope it really happens and you have to recall a question little earlier today About the stock for Paxon you know what's gone from 11 to 7-8th the friend I have an answer to that rhetorical question Well trying to call you a little earlier. I dialed Pound Well the other station by accident. Yeah, and it rang I mean like immediately and it took me by a Sustur prize that I pulled upon away looked at the screen again and realized that I had missed tile It took me forever to get through to you and no time at all. I mean 10 seconds to get through to the other station Don't get carried away. This is the first day. I mean I'm not in a state of delusion You know, I know where I am. I know the way these people are and the first few days of hey Neil, it's great to be back then then by next Monday It'll be you know we got 85 open lines over here, but I'm not trying to blow some all that's a serious answer I mean that really is the truth. You know what's happened over that yeah, I do I told Rick and so I had to work to advice for him get out I wonder does anybody know have they resigned with that outfit? I hope not for their suit I didn't hear I don't know because I know their deal was gonna come up in February and if they've got any Smart suit all they'll get they'll out of there Yeah, they'll ship anyway it's great to hear you Neil I'll hang up let's go and keep listening. Okay. Thank you a lot. Thank you. Here's a mirror Mar. Hello Neil yes, sir. What's up? How you doing pal? Is a peer protein guy the one? The guy who is a bar is a peer protein. Oh, really? Right. It's the guy that's peddling that the track. I mean it was good protein bars What's going on man? We're saying old stuff man same old stuff man. You know, you're talking about The middle of the day yeah, you know it's don't talk about and bishop like that where you please God Renete's a little by the way Ren, are you cereal? Yeah, Ren the yeah, I know which Ren the way Oh my god unbelievable yeah, you know, but anyway Hello and I bet she doesn't look as good anymore as he used to does he? No, no, he has more holes on his feet now. I bet he does The way the salad salesman Anyway And that you're a cam thanks pal. Thank you for what's his name a big kiss for it What's your name? Renee see any guy named Renee you have to ask a lot of questions 10 till noon and like I said We don't have news we don't care about the weather one good thing in this studios unlike anywhere else We actually have a vindi okay. We have a window here. We can look outside and if they are dropping nuclear weapons on home Stable see a mushroom cloud down the road will assume maybe something is going on and we'll get a radio and tune in some other station And we'll find out or maybe even get a TV set eventually which I know that our crack sales the problem is working feverishly on getting us that TV set in DCS which was part of the package promised to us But what do they know they're busy getting my foot massage or which is in the deal right L. A you idiot you Inbesil you L. I mean I like L. E she's a sweetheart, but God is she pathetic here's What is that well I like the way that thing it lights up on you maybe we could get this on TV Where it shows the a screener. It's beautiful all this looks like state of the art here's Miami. Hello Oh fix You're actually starting to get you to that crap over there on six ten Yeah, Mike church you like my church He he found that like he graduated from the neo-ragist school of radio man Oh, yeah, yeah, a lot of want to be a lot of want to be his pal Have you uh happen a catch the new looseman go production Say it again. I can't hear a damn thing these people are I can hear them in there better than here the color What do you think about the new looseman go production third The third one the third one. Yeah, I got it here. Oh, yeah Yeah, he's uh in fact his concert was when It was canceled again. Yep. No was canceled the first time it was canceled again. No, no they was scheduling But I thought it was in December. Oh, I'm not sure about you. I missed it and I missed and decayed to a Nervy a psychotivally and we've never been the same again. His press lady called me up and said How am I gonna break the news he's gonna be a blown his brains out? I said I sure hope he ain't blowing nothing No, you know what I'm saying sweetheart. She said he I catch you drift the guy leakage great All right, man. Okay pal. I'm great day by the way I could actually play this record which would blow off the whole audience and they'd be very sick. Oh, see you have no taste What is wrong with the fact door boys, okay? They're great. They're from Orlando. What more could you want? Oh, man. See over the summer When you're in Europe, they're giant they're big in Europe about this big They're they're gigantic in Europe and they're Exact me in a morning again. They're for Orlando. They're free religious if you look at the And the approach to this thing of Jesus this and got that and then play go got it's good What's not to light The back door boys from Orlando you'll be hearing a lot of them on issue in fact I should take that up to power 96 to get some damn English speaking people singing music on it Damn loser up there. Oh, sorry by the way one spoke Griffin coming to the building has she been around Shfolk Griffin haven't seen her or orange full Marty hey listen we got a few shparks is on the staff just to make it look good We're doing it. It's 1152 on 560 QA and we even have a real clock up here each or hearts out guys We got a real clock up here of course an old fashion one would like six hands And all you cigar people out there we have got a place we have got a place and in fact You know it's bad because I'm starting to change smoke these again What's the what is the name of these in particular because I always take the Skinny ones yeah, I got a skinny one here not that are these your land seros Speak so anyway, this is from our good our good friend at Nick's the cars down in little event Not too far just a matter of blocks from where pony tail used to be there at 71 11 West Flagler Street a mile east of the the Palmetto 826 right at the corner of Flagler in north West 72 And Avenue you can call him at 26 69907 We were down and I say we then includes George because he loves free load and cigars We were down at next about week ago and this is an operation. I mean to jogantic place and it's a fact We have not just a place where they pedal a few cigars They have their own factory right there and they have all these old illegal alien I mean the Nikoragwin folks they're great sitting there rolling the cigars and leaving give you a tour the whole joy It's amazing how much effort goes into making each and every one of their great hand made cigars It's phenomenal it's unbelievable and of course they've got you know they've got all the accessories Everything is well, but man they have got cigars that are so damn good You absolutely wouldn't believe it in fact cigar aficionado magazine which all are real cigar lovers Rate some of their cigars like 91s and 89s and 87s. I mean given the top ratings Because there's some of the best you'll ever pop in your posts So if you're one of those people relapse cigars and like I said take the tour because they'll show you the people hand wrapping and making the cigars And I mean they do it from from 8 to z and then they put them in a they dry them out in the one room The you go in there and freeze your ass off then you go into another room and they They storm in there and the age them and freeze your ass off in there and maybe if you're nice the Nikolates you out of the room Okay great place great cigars stop buying if you we're not gonna do that thing about mention that we're not gonna do that thing Okay, mention us and they'll like it. That's about it. Okay next cigar is at 71 11 West Flagress Street And be sure and tell him how much you miss pony tail when you go down there this is 560 Q 8 M Real Smith Toyota Colors is outside line morally 3 point That was from the moon from his restaurant about three blocks from here I was young I found out I was gay I found out I was gay and I found a new way to a Rouse myself to love I find I like it from behind but it just a ride when I walk around the Don't feel so tight when I am with you I give my wants to you This ain't all I've given I give you all of my good deal Give me all my end up screw it up in love 1158 on 560 Q AM you like that better yeah better you do like that huh that bitch just Like that what language is he speaking what is it that bed just ended like that yeah, oh, that's how it ends Now if you would like to come in here and rewrite it. I'm just no. I'm real paranoid then my psychotic Speak for and just come on here and do it just relax just relax everybody's very uptight be like me Okay, you're relaxed here's color red. Hello Amy or I like to hear you talk about the mountains and how high ping those destroy them. Yeah Why is it is any bulletin while you weren't around when they went in the world series and I figured you would like that So I hear you should I'm gonna buddy I wouldn't like what? Monus one in the world series. Well, the Marlins are history there are no more Marlins We got to Florida Marlins class a baseball team back you like them. They terrible. Okay pal. We'll see you at the game Not Sign up right up baby season tickets to suckers born every minute and be sure. Oh my god Al Goldstein is here now that's the end of the food. Oh Oh, you're you know something I've seen some some gigantic people I've seen some monsters in the porno industry in my time every breath You know that's sung by police every breath you take maybe you're last that's Al Goldstein you are What's that hole in your neck is that where they stick the feeding tube? Oh my god. He's got the industrial sized boxes special K and He's got the and oh this is the samplers at the on on special try fun pack These are like the 45 pound boxes that they feed to the inmates at Rayford And he's got a bib. Oh my god ready to eat what a great bed for bulk of Brian ready to eat there you go sweetheart Unfriconed believable easy he's got his own he look at this he's got his own this gotta be on TV This is too good to mess up Al Goldstein has got his own extension forks so he cannot only it's like an anti-radio antenna It's a it's a telescopic forks. We cannot only eat his own but reach across the table and eat everybody else's too Thank you well go out and get the get a few meals out there. Yeah, go on get a few meals You need it just s 567 05 60 567 05 60 and pound 560 for you mobile one and AT and T wireless Here's a curl spring. Hello Hello, yes, sir welcome back man. Thank you. Not completely my pulls it My walkman's on a call listen to some 10 to 2 it's great right I don't know if you remember me My boss we thought you're who here in the mother June he won we installed your poo heater Yeah, remember me absolutely and I told you I'm gonna call you back I know which one are you so final oh? Yeah, this is the Italian guy. Yes, yes Who this sounds like Orlando No, just not all right, they all sound the same meal. Yeah. Yeah. How does it feel to um we working with Hank? How does it feel I mean yeah? I mean I don't know I just tuned in the recently So I don't know if you talked about it a Hank is over there and I'm over here You guys but you guys don't like each other, right? Not that's not true at all. I don't have any problem with Hank and as far as I know he doesn't have a problem with me Oh, okay, we spoke this summer on a phone not not for very long, but I'll be seeing Hank I'm not gonna suggest we're gonna be booze and buddies and hang it out at the booby trap together But that's beside the point. I'll leave that up to Don Cox. I saw you on the channel 7. Yeah, you're a good looking man. Okay I'll be right over sweetheart is this is this Yeah, I thought there was something a miss with this hello Line three. I think is dead See I spot these things immediately or hold They're what there was music There was music Hello, no, they're not there's nobody on there and I'll let's just stuck it stuck on you. Okay. Here's a Davie caller hello Hey, what's up Neil? How you doing sir? Hey, welcome back. Thank you Well, I've been waiting for like seven months to hear what you have to say about all the stuff that's gone down The catty leafing and the princess died thing and finally I guess this morning I got my chance Well, let me ask you am I wrong about princess diamond. You know, it's a tragedy when anybody dies But they carried on. I mean if she's the most important person in the world Does that explain you why the world is a screwed up as it is? I agree wholeheartedly He'll carry it on. I mean like it was that with the end of any and I got swept out You couldn't help but get swept up and every time you turn on the TV CNN every network. I mean MSNBC CNBC Diana and there's the car and a paparazzi in the stalker razzi in the Nazi razzi And what is all that? What is that crap? Well, I guess you got a figure the only reason and keep putting it on is because people keep watching it So well, I like that's like that's like the chicken and the egg thing You know, I I don't believe that I think that you know if you force feed people enough They're gonna start eating it even if it's dog droppings if you know put a little ketchup and mustard on it and keep sticking from their poison Start for something they might start tasting. Yeah, I also want to agree with that guy If you call back I guess yeah You really don't realize how bad self-large of radio is until I'm gone Yeah, until you force to listen to it. Hey, man. Yeah, all right Neil. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot Have a good and happy five six seven. Oh five sixty lie three is the dead as a door nail Okay, I just I just mentioned that in passing it's only went over on two and a quarter hours It's our first real major. You know, so we're counting on these things continuing to happen because George Corso needs a lot more work Here's a mobile in somewhere hello Like I said bubble and book a hello Mobile and Boko Nice going nice going Neil here's a lady in Miami. Hello Lady in Miami every call is getting knocked off here a George is a beautiful thing Airv call is getting I'm gonna take a cold one W. I whatever it is QAM Neil is that you see I almost did it. I almost that kind of midstream Neil I got to tell you it's hard to believe you gonna be a O. M. It's hard to believe you're gonna make QL QA And number one station and it's a ostracist really unbelievable. Yeah, hearing you on QA Am instead of I O. D. It's like listening to God again. There you go. I'm dragging these people out of the Stone Age and Real in the world of real broadcasting for the again 90s Neil and another few weeks you're gonna put that I O D 1,400 F. Yeah, whatever they call themselves out of business. We're channel is already taken We don't have to even I'll tell you after today just like I did with the light bulb I don't acknowledge them. You don't have time for small potatoes You want to think over there if there's anybody over there that thinks I'm gonna get into a dialogue with them or publicize them forget it I don't have to offer that How about you little produce you to our own Junior yeah Ever since you were taking off the air if you've been following that guy no I haven't been following her at all not my type Have a great day pal. Okay six five six seven and so his line three officially a dead. Yes That's not that it's important okay because we have like 200 other ones, but I just want to make sure Dave the cop another guy with that were anxious to talk to briefly how are you okay? What do you sound so depressed about baseball be here soon Cardinals will be kicking it you right? They this year they just made do it. Yeah, anyway, you know stuff for the radio on politics At least local politics do have a lot in common when you weren't on the air I won't say what but I think you can read in between the lines there. Huh? It will suck Yeah, hey, so last night of Hanukkah tonight you have an party or what oh yeah You think we're gonna drink the wine at Jeff Cohen brought over his matter of fact matter shepherds and speaking of grandma boon I think big news stories you missed the passing of and Bishop so out maybe in a wreck spec you can play And bowl if we had that in the thing here believe me What event one of my first bits, but unfortunately our DCS which was finally put in your nine 15 last night We don't have animal when there but believe me. She's not far from my mind I'm I'm glad to hear that she's rolling in her grave if she only knew that a camera guy from Channel 10 was in here earlier And then we're gonna get a little publicity on Channel 10. She is pit dog Hey, listen anyways. He might even put in a call to Janet Reno before the day is out I'd love to read date not sure about something. You like the Undertaker. Yeah. Yeah. Well, all right anyway Listen, you know it's like those Marlins, huh? Yeah, right Rest in peace. It's like it's out on the match alive guard down a virtual today So enclosing a wish of a happy birthday for me. Would you okay happy birthday do you back have a great day day? Take it. Well, see ya. Okay 5 670 560. I'm real disturbed about that line three You know me you know me. I just look at it and it's sitting there and it's just the kind of an annoying little irritant like a like a mild hemorrhode Speaking of that by the way I want to tell you about the biggest scam or at least one of the biggest scams going anywhere and that is magnets Magnets now I don't want to go into a big long thing about this, but I might anyway I have been in incredible pain on my foot. Thank God. Maybe it's psychological. Maybe it's a Greg Reed pain but the last two months in the heel of my foot They took X-rays. There's nothing in there. It might be a tiny bones for baloney. I went. I went listen to this Hemorrhides okay, cuz you're traveling all over the world. You're eating bad diet and you know you're irritating a lot of candy I scream and crap and I didn't even the right foods. Possible very weird tomato sauce irritating Bad hemorrhides real bad, okay? A real pan in the ass. I go to my proctologist Which I will not mention their names on the air for obvious reasons because they're sitting monitoring right now but anyway Check everything out you got piles, okay. Thank you so much. Just to after he looks deep inside my friend I got piles. Thank you. That's a bulletin then he sits me down in his orifice and he's peddling me on oh the greatest thing magnets Magnets magnetic in-soles for my feet, okay? $65 he pedals made for magnets which everybody oh Dan marino's wearing him on his back look what it's doing for him hot nice going Danny and race horses. They're putting blankets on race horses with magnets for their backs for their days for their ass So I buy these in-soles for my shoes. We go out to Vegas. I'm out there three or four days walking around running around losing my ass and my foot is starting to kill me from these goddamn magnets in my shoes I Take the magnets out because now at least I can walk a little bit and as the days progressed I realized I've got a serious problem in the hill of my foot that hurts like a mother Which only in Alaska play two months of agony because of these freaking magnets so let me just alert all of you out there You know first it's you know the the pill that's gonna make it how's the land energy doing by the way? How's good all in to do with that fan fan? bought any lately guys First it's some crap like that then it's some other quackery with the less it's in kelp B6 Remember those for the you're gonna lose weight take a you know a few of these you'll lose some weight That's in your wallet. You're gonna lose the weight You'll feel a little bit lighter like about 10 bucks And now it's magnets and and the worst part of it is it's a pyramid scam and that the people who are involved in this are like They're like moonies they're brainwashed they're obsessed. Oh well, it's so you know everything is a pyramid Exxon is a pyramid the whole world is a pyramid, but it's great for you got to learn up on it I learned up on it all right my foot is killing me already. Okay? You know, I think that my proctologist will look into branch out in other areas so to speak because if you ever wondered What kind of a practice? What kind of a young man who goes to medical school? chooses proctology to be his profession to be his area of endeavor so to speak as in rectum. You know, I mean what is that? What kind of person wants to look inside other people's rectum all day? I mean let's get serious okay doc so it's no wonder he's looking to branch out a little bit get off my ass doc It's 12 25 magnets. We'll hear we're getting some calls about that probably that crazy bitch update that's peddling him I know you got to learn about this it's a ex-son is a pyramid. Okay Like to stick my foot up her ass. It's 12 24 on 560 QAMR you're feeling lucky Hollywood's seminal gaming opened in 1979 is the first high stakes Indian bingo in the country Over a billion dollars given away since then Hollywood's seminal gaming 48 poker tables offering Texas Holdham seven cards stood in Omaha, Hilo hundreds of video poker machines two big weekly tournaments on Sundays At 10 a.m. and Monday's at 630 in a PM daily many tournaments with estimated top prizes from 500 to 1200 bucks various buy ins rebies indoor prizes four daily bingo sessions 1145 in a morning three in a PM 715 and 1045 in the PM also lightning bingo for the truly adventurous of three number bingo that takes no prisoners and come and Saturday February 7th the hundred dollar bingo game over a hundred thousand dollars in cash and prizes play the spindle wind bingo game Guerantea winners can get free bingo 80% of the jackpot or a five-day trip for two two Vegas Hollywood's seminal gaming 41 15 North Seyro 7 just minutes west of i-95 it's drilling road open 24 hours a day seven days a week call nine five four nine six one 32 20 that's nine five four nine six one 32 20 are you feeling lucky this is 560 QAM Tomorrow night can't stay to zero cues face off in the festival QAM's coverage begins at seven What are you pointing at me George like we're back on or something 1226 on five 60 QAM Let me ask you don't we do a rejoins on a way back after you that was it that was the rejoins See because if I can hear anything in the over it not that I want to complain you understand I don't want to stir any things here But if we could hear the over it that I would be able to hear the rejoin you know I'm saying Joe Joe by the way Another great guy is he working over there is that Joe that's getting all hyper good guy did a lot of work for us Which we appreciate greatly here's God and my good old friend Kathy from the you're not are you still doing the hero Kathy is the well least Kathy when she writes something she gets it right Ellie Who's that Greg read to a one Greg read has been known on occasion to show we say perver a cave Is that the word I'm looking for in other words sometimes he lies like a champion, you know But that happens and he told you that you have we put the foot massage or in a contract Well now I know where to put my foot and what the massage okay as it may be Greg reads rectum. Okay Greg nice going Okay, where are we going here to Miami Beach I can actually read these now. It's beautiful. Hello, boy my glad the folks from the herald are there That's why I'm calling I just cannot understand Why the herald moved the editorial pages of few pages in instead of the last a couple of pages of section A that happened while you were off the year And I just don't know why they did it I couldn't figure it out. That's something new at the herald Yeah, what they did was they they used to be not the back page of section A But what they did was they took the editorial pages which used to be on the second to last page and the third to last page But let me just say that's a man. No, let me say this. It's one more good reason not to buy the herald Well, let me tell you Now that Ellie is here. I'm going to demand a dollar and a quarter Because I bought some days paper 75 cents out of my herald money I bought yesterday's paper assuming the story she did had to be nested is a buck and then again today's and after reading about my foot massage You're it's a bucket of quarter that you only on the next meal Ellie if there ever is one I can't figure out what those people are doing not to mention the change in the future You're not your delosamatic a surat's a great paper end to get out of here You come a pinko faggot get out of here with his dollar you like Howard Kleinberg with a quarter that he gave me Chrissy, you know, he only works part time with the girl. That's all they can afford plus he's a cheap I don't want to say Jew. Okay, 12 30 right here Jewish to Ellie is Jewish and look how generous she is only because she's under a lot of Dores nice to rest by the way. Here's pepper pine. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah I'm from Connecticut and I was laying by the pool listening to your show and These you want to go back to Connecticut. We need some good radio All Connecticut is like forget that. Yeah, I'm his belt and I'm a villain. Yeah, this place Well, that should be right up your alley. Yeah, yeah Stay out of my alley pal No, you're all these my alley. Yeah. Yeah, thanks for the great show. I'm really enjoying it Okay, when are you going back? I'm on the sex so you can bring these the after that. Okay. Thank God Have a right trip pal. Okay, caught in that real bad snowstorm. You see that terrible in son of United jet Okay, we have a one open line 5 6705 60. I'm so used to that bit about we got open over here open over there Of course on channel 7 everybody's a little open Somewhere oh, I didn't do it. I couldn't do it couldn't bring myself to do it because one might still be listening Okay, let's do a mobile and candle hello Mobile and candle What does that make? 412 of those we've had today? That's okay. We're not in the new hurry 5 6705 60 pound 560 on mobile one and AT&T wireless. Here's my Emmy. Hello My Emmy hello. Yes, sir. Neil Yes, hi, hi I'm fitting another word at today. Now. What is it? I'm fitting a little under the weather. I will feel this Okay, let's go to a mobile in Pembroke pine. Hello Neil. Yes, sir First we get the guy that wants to share his constonation at the editorial page They move two pages in the Harold which we could give a crap about then this guy's feeling a little under the weather Share your misery with us folks because this is soft Florida. This is what it's all about yes, sir Next complaint. Yes, hello Neil. Yes, sir. I'm in Palm Beach garden. I wasn't sure that was me. That's you Hello and Hey, Ray Whitney God. What is it? Ray Whitney God? Okay, thank you Ray. Okay 5 6705 60 so Neil Let me ask you did you miss the being on a year Those seven months that you were enjoying role in Amsterdam and Toronto and Las Vegas and gambling You're guts out and have it a great time and when in Rome doing the Romans and all the other things you were having a great Did you really miss this? Oh, yeah, God. I sure wish I had to do it over again. I had to stay and work for and you know the Interesting part of it is to show you what assholes there on this business I was getting calls from people offering me part-time filling gigs because they thought I would be so bored I want to pick up a few extra bucks. Oh, would you like to work in Tampa? FLA wanted me to go over there and work on would you believe me on FLA? Oh my god with that terminal blob still over there and then some place in LA. I don't even know what station it was But oh, yeah, they want you to come out and do a fill in air right I miss it so badly. You have no idea we've had 685 calls with nobody on there so far That's only 1236 on 560 WQAM. How do you like that? You know the thing with your no Comistie won't have any gratitude. Hey, Benny Seymour Kevin I just wanted to call you to congratulate you on the And then you program and now that we have lots of solely water we can start taking classes again Absolutely whenever you're ready you find your jack from FIU the best language a professor in the history of mankind who's teaching us a Talyano who teaches 85,000 languages and What a great guy. I thank you very much for that commercial and I apologize for not returning the call for like the last a month or whatever But we'll get to it. I'm sure you will I just want to congratulate you. They should go on and it should be happy and We're on the 10 years at least. Thank you Brought you gruntsy melee. I'll read it. Yeah, I'll see you start doing the Larry King. I'll read it Here's a Jew saying I'll read it. Hey, listen Larry you got a lot of credibility with me and what I'm saying? Okay, let's go to a Hollywood call Hollywood Hello See, I'm and I'm not gonna wait. I mean there's no point. I mean too much Potsking around wasted time. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello Yes, sir. How are you? Great a lot of this great you're back on the air and We're about to have some real horse racing down here again. Yeah, you'll see I'm green opening up. Yeah Is time dirt can come down into Gulfstream Man, I hope so. I think he is Wonderful And listen and you're on and you look separate while there or whatever you want call it Do you still have the old stretch call of Sunday silence and he's gonna take on. I just threw that out the yesterday's matter of fact to go through all the old carts and threw it out yesterday But thanks for asking. Okay, we have an open line 567 0560 567 0560 works for dayd works for Broward and anybody else who would like to call in and pound 560 AT&T wireless and mobile one It's interesting because I knew somebody would call for that and that's one of the things I'm gonna try to do is Avoid playing stuff that tunes out 99% of the audience for example getting on a year and talking about some kid that plays for Auburn University And some other half-ass school that nobody cares about Immediate to out the dials are switching dramatically rapidly Nobody and I mean like Harvey packs is nobody picked six nobody cares you go what I'm sick at the message Joe. I'm sorry Here's a mobile and pebbric pine. Hello Hey Uncle Neo. Yes, sir. Welcome back. Thank you very good to hear you. You care about whether Auburn wins your game or not Oh, hello only if you got a bet on it. That's all. Let's have just a gambling station I mean all these companies are buying up all these stations Let's just set one stage decides the gambling channel for all you degenerate gamblers I don't know if they have no phone all day so they've been in rehab. I'd rather watch the golfs application. Yes Hey listen, I just you know I was on home when you took off a vacation. Yeah, and uh I left with left on home, but then you were gone and he's still on hold and you know don't put me at home I just really was smoking yeah, I call that that time Just to let you know that this is how long after seven months we finally picked today I said you should see my phone bill goes to show if you wait long enough But I actually at that time I call just to let you know that I really enjoy the show Thank you and I haven't listened to a radio Was back in New York and I didn't listen to it much. That was really wasn't much to listen to when I came down here And I started listening to that you know that other station Yeah, I heard you when I Or there was a Land and read there and we got a lot of Jews on is there a lot of flags on a station too By the way, well listen, you know whatever you're into lots of flags around is joined All these macho sports guys bore you and for a big shock when I start dragging these guys out of the closet Lots of flags around his place. Hey, well as low as they're entertaining That's right. I'd like an entertaining fact. That's what Elton John says. Hey boy So you got a business going or what if they keep dying he'll be a billionaire by the end of the year. Yeah Who the same song to? It's in tomorrow. Okay pal. Oh, I got to say it one thing. Yeah. Hey backpipes Okay, all right see you five Seven months ago and he's still on hold nice going pal They shot him five with they hit him with five shots and he's still a lot By the way, I have no life Gone I just mentioned that George now we do we know just in case we do have I have no force getting at that But we don't have I have no life and you'll have to excuse me for like doing little programming stuff here on the air But we're just a little bit disorganized We've got about one half of one percent of our material in here, but hey, that's good enough. We got that foot massage your baby And wait till read gets back from our man. Howly went that foot is going right in the right spot Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Welcome Neil. Yes, sir. God Damn listen Neil. I want to say I really miss you and I can say welcome back to everyone else As I saw you on channel 7 with a one in the eta one in the eta. Yeah. I don't know what you're talking about All these people send deals ugly and said you know, and you think you're really sexy for an old guy All right, as I saw loads of garthing for the little brother I was found out Unbelievable listen. I'm not having a shameless request. Yeah, just want to say that Really miss the a big it that sag it thing yeah, and the go back to Canada you do bastards because you know a nail They suck and I really don't feel bad for that Canadian kid that guy If I don't I'll hold you all my side of the In the oh yes, I love you. No, okay, okay, maybe see you sweetie eight thirty night. Okay. It's a 560 560 little too old for me. I think 560 560 Ray Whitney God there you go That's right up my alley Ray Whitney tonight at the arena the San Jose In fact, that's gonna be a great grudge thing as we got Ray Shefford who might remember how to play pretty soon We love your Ray, but get with it sweetheart and Ray Whitney who I should play that don't share anything again And again and again, but I won't because like I said don't play that narrow casting stuff That 98% of the audience including George do not care about all George cares about his North Carolina and professional Cubans Here's Hialia hello Hialia hello yes, sir. Hi Neil. Yes, on behalf of the whole you just insuffload I wanted to welcome you back Buenos dias which is grossious Oh tell me how was it? Italy was beautiful any will you stop there? No, you know I don't think they let any specs into uh well it's really car kind of hard to tell cuz they all have that four skin So you know once you see one that's right Only on really glad you're back. Thank you and I'll try not to call you okay all right, please. See yeah Okay, there's a guy knows his place five six seven 0 5 60 5 6 7 0 5 60 here's What is it a lady in Boca? Hello? Yes, man. Hey Neil listen. I have been listening to you for so long and you are the guy that got me started on Luis Miguel And I used to live in Tampa and I flew down to see Luis Miguel twice and I moved here and so of course when he was coming to Miami In December November whenever it was yeah, and it got canceled, you know it was rescheduled for February February oh yeah, so I can still catch Luis oh yes you can And so those tickets are good for February 7 and which is a Saturday and then I catch and we gave first but I'll you know But then they added another show for February 8 Really so two in a row right at Miami. Oh, he said deal he was sick or something You know what all I know is I got down there and there were like three cars there and they said oh the show's been canceled and it's like Oh crap and they just said technical good difficulties Ah So who knows? Betchila Wies was porked off about that Well, I got Italian I got two radios going I'm taping you on both radios I'm sending both tapes to Tampa or both about three sets of tapes rather because one is going to an FLA chronic Who hates the blopster and he's gonna die he's like please please get the show for me get the show for me So this is going immediately out after this is over beautiful and it's going and the other going all around town I'm telling you we're so glad you're back. Let me ask you this question Canas mas macho Luis or in wiki oh Luis Agreed Okay There she goes there remember junior It's uh although I do love and riki and Louise make no mistake about that okay and I'm I'm trying to find the cut on here Which we won't play but just to scare the crap out of his people Some spec music here For debajo de la mesa Okay A lot of the table and it's our business baby you got it Look at the size that's working fine One it's in my contract. You know along with those uh extra strength deposit to Reese For the him or it's you get for Greg read who will not return your phone calls and stuff like that Ouch I don't think that's the cut. I'll find there's one great cut on his new uh Elton called romances he's only had about what 85 romances. He's doing good with it. Don't knock it all the way Start you think yet a nose job Look at his is not look at that honker and his nose too. It looks like he had a some some kind of a job. Maybe he had a job. I'm not sure I know we need to do the other thing on there. I'd listen. I'm doing huh the bleep is on there But it's not on that thank oh I'm sorry you have it on there. You know what you call it It's 1250 on 560 QA if don't push me okay. I'm out of practice this stuff is like a marginal Best for today and we'll fake our way by and then with the next one We'll finally get our crap together. Then they'll say oh guess what we're moving to those new studios now we're getting out Okay, you first we NFL playoffs are on QAM catch all the NFL post season action and Super Bowl 32 on the home of your Miami Dolphins Or 30 or 560 QAM Longgiving Rally got her vibe Depression This higher game game, I'm ready to blow I'm about to upload right now From the starting baby And I can't keep it out to myself Yeah, yeah, you better not breathe Woo hoo hoo Good bunch, muck his back for your hell I really gotta march, go to spit my cheeks Heart kill room, it's about to light Chuck him from the mega heart Mama's about to go boom Let's get the work out the room Hey hey hey hey Get out the way, get out the way Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Get it to go, get it to go Cool, my finger now, pull my finger now Who's new healthy now? nuclear powerashes for you Webirth Yeah, let's y rush That agreement is no But boy What the hell oh But it's good to have my favorite music video release. You're back. That's right. It's so great to in it. It was worth the whole time. I've got to say from one Julio to what you're great. You're great to have back. You know, one thing about me, I'm going to give up on that modesty. But you know, I'm so guy damn good that it scares the hell out of me. And it scared me when I saw you on Channel, with men is scary. Yeah, I'm in the gym and the get up. See, man, it was great to see again, a puffing puffing on a cigar and alive. Always got something around in my post alive. And you know, I'm sat here that you're walking around and pain on your vacation, but man, don't let that have you back. Don't buy any magnetic bracelets and he wouldn't nickels. Just stay away from your proctologist. You know, what's another scam? Now that you mentioned magnets, that court, you know that they were pushing that court around that metal that bracelet that you wore with court. Oh yeah. Well, thank God that the old women don't fall for that scam. My grandmother had, you know, she's religious on all that stuff. And she had one and she threw it away six months later. It didn't work. All right. Let's hear it for grandma. Oh, she's the best. And you are too, so I knew I got to have you back and Neil, good story. All right. I feel like that for the Julio is out of control. The Neil Roger show now on sports radio 560 WQAM Miami for Lutterdale. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, God, man. I've been trying to talk to you for a longer time. Well, here we go. Okay. I'm calling it real long. I'm calling on behalf of Mr. Radius. It's my brother. He's in Colorado. He looked with his boyfriend. Is that it? No, he's wife and three kids. His wife's. He kids and his wife. He's a little young. Yeah. You made him where he was for Cabell. He brought your cake and you got to go to Colorado. Absolutely. I know all about it. I agree to. Tony show today because he begged me on his knees to feel record. But he was honest. These were the begger. I hope he said no. I hope you said no, man. You know the things that he's going around these days. I tried to say away from him even though. Yeah. Man, I'm going back to you. I'm going back to you. I'm glad you're back. I'm glad you're back. I'm glad you're back. I'm going to wife and kids, but you kind of wonder. It won't be surprised if he goes you from Colorado. He's seeing over there. He's seeing over there. I don't have that. Okay. Let me go. Hey, listen, Neil. I just want to say something about the dolphin. There's nothing wrong with marino. We just need a good decent. I mean, a good off him. Yeah. Yeah. Red or Gary Steven. Right. Now you're talking. Now you're talking my language, Phil. Get some truck back in here. It's a man. All right. That's right. I hope you am listening to the show. What's this a man? Okay. That's what you need. You know, Jimmy, Houston right now. Hey, Neil. Many, many shows. I wish you a. I still away. Go. Oh, that was Suarez. Okay. He can't keep it together. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, five, six, seven. Like I said, only Xavier Suarez could make Joe Carroyo look good in retrospect. The only man on the face of the year took it. Make us appreciate the dearly departed Joe Carroyo. Here's a lady in Del Rey Beach. Hello. Yeah. This is Median Ron. You're seeing your citizen Del Rey Beach. I right. We're so happy you're back. The best of everything to you. Thank you, sweetheart. Okay. Dear, bye. Have a happy. You too. Bye, bye. How do you like that? All the old parts are out there. Listen, of course, they won't write it down, but there's nothing we can do about that. Plus those 80 plus demos don't mean too much anyway, but we appreciate it very much. You have no idea. I threw a, what's your name? Ellie, a brecher's tongue in a waist basket. So if anybody wonders why she ain't speaking too much, she actually brought me a little public sack with the tongue in it. There's nothing wrong with little tongue, but I sure don't want it from Ellie. I'll guarantee you that right now. Here's the cop. Boy, all the cops are out there. How you doing, Chris? Good deal. Welcome back. Thank you. From all of your, friendly, how are we pigs? They already welcomed back. Well, that's the porchers have really been Jones and for some reason. We've got nothing to do with. Dr. Carcalfi need our donuts. No, we got nothing. But the public is pissed because now you got back to the most of much a lot more time to write those tickets. Is there a recarvel of seeing that a month and you don't have to be right. But the house sandwich to instant that trouble. You can see them when we're going to reach. He just left with a stool one of our gold stains 20 pound boxes of special K. So I have a feeling. If you feel the earth move, it won't be earthquake, you know what I'm saying? I'll say no, hey, it's great to have you back. The midday guys. I got two words. They suck. Welcome back. Thanks, bye. See you, Chris. I wonder what he meant by that? 567. 0560 and pound 560. Boca Brands walking around. He hasn't got us the press yet, but he's working on it. Okay. I got to play the, you told me, but I don't know what's, what is it called? Harry's lament. Harry's penis. Is your channel collective? What does that mean? That's the one that had a memory Valentine. Your new program director for Wild. And I'm here to tell you that with the new packed and management in place, we feel we no longer need a talent such as Neil Rogers. But we do have some very exciting changes in store for you here at Wild that we believe will emulate the enormous success of our Orlando station. And John, John, you can stop rubbing my legs now. Okay. Yes. You did a fine job down there. Oh, there's no doubt about it in my mind. In fact, you know what I think I'll do? Oh, I think I'll make you the creative services director. How's that sound? Wow, great. Hey, how about those old jingles? Pretty funny stuff, huh? Yes, yes, very funny. And you know what, John? And a couple of hours you'll have a year's worth of production done. Oh, well, looks like I'm going to hit the garage for another smoke. I just go, man, they don't make him anymore like that. Harry penis, I'll tell you that. I want to wear a hell of you wound up. I wonder what AA meeting he's at this week, huh? Boy, boy, do they know how to pick him at Paxon that John M and Wilder's Sabo? And Harry Valentine all cut out of the same cookie cutter. Wow, look at another winner. What is that? I think so. Tell a huge deal. I think the second and third decks are dying right before our ears. Okay. Thank you, Beesley. Folks, George Beesley. I could set you like a $4 car machine for 600 bucks. Yeah, that is an adornado. No, be yeah. Well, I didn't take it personally, Roby. Well, I guess we won't make any difference now. Why we sure probably want a bucket of crap there, didn't we? Alright, Roby. Bring him back. They're going to put him on the stupid talk network by the way. Most of their hosts are dead anyway. Here's the show, Shurar. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Welcome back, Neil. Thank you. And it's been hell without you. You're right. Oh, man. Shurar is hell for me, man. Have a nice time for seven months. Take a nice big fat paycheck every week. Oh, yeah. Super tall. I'll be looking at a big fat one every week. That's an oxymoron. Yep. Well, just to call. Welcome back, Neil. Great show. Thank you. Okay. Short and sweet. 5.6.7. Oh, look, I like Ray Whitney. Short and sweet. 5.6.7. 0.5.6.5. Boy, I can't wait for that game tonight, man. That San Jose game. What a grudge. Max. The Panthers are going to kick their ass or else tonight. No more excuses, man. And that Fitsy who rhymes with something else that starts with an S at an H. Fitsy, bad attitude. Looks like he's on a way out. None too soon. Here's a mobile and haven't sure. Hello. Neil, I've been on home for seven months. So good to hear you. How about that latrine's free well, by the way. We forgot to talk about that. What a guy. Yeah. I just want to welcome you back. I can do digs. I'm going to have a break. I want to grab that on Greg Reed. If he ever shows up in town again. Yes, sir. And you got a nice place there. A nice board. Fine. All great stuff. You're different. Except for the old, uh, measly discards. Everything else is great. There you go. Welcome back and it's good to hear you voice. Neil and Whitney. God. Thank you. Excellent company to be in. By the way, Ray Whitney is in Gades. I was asking Remor about that last night. His Ray Whitney married yet. And he said he's engaged in any minute. But it's not too late. Here's his. Here's my me spring. Hello. My me springs. Going once. Going twice. I know they're on there. But, uh, you know, we got a little bit of a quality on the phone thing. We got one line. Not working. They can't hear us. I can't hear them. But hey, it's only a radio show. Who cares. Let's take the money. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. Betty. And welcome you back. Hi, Betty. I had a phone. We have a rider who's sitting on the beach listening to you. He couldn't wait for you to get. Hey, Roger. You're a new one, Roger. You may be. He's been to low to you all the time. At the pants. There's not. This is not. Oh, God. He's not the one that's Brian Scrootland's former neighbor. No. Oh, thank God. By the way, that guy is listening. Brian Scrootland's former neighbor. I get the same message. You don't have to come and say hi to me before the game tonight and tell me the same thing. And about your wife is sitting over there. Wave to your wife. And she's scared to me. Nice seeing you go away. You know, when he said to you, he came up to you when I said, uh, kneel. There's X amount of days until you're back on the air. He was one of the first ones that said it to you. Excellent. At least you got a boyfriend who can count. That's a good. Okay, so we thank thank you. Thank you so much. There she goes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I forgot to give our facts number out. Thank God because that saved us a lot of money on that paper. But our facts number, we do have our own facts line, which is a major, major accomplishment. Here, thank God, the beastly is don't know about that yet. It's, uh, oh, you know what else I have forgotten about? Bill. We're on in the Fort Myers now, right? On the, um, on that margin we think so. We're on a station over there that is so marginal that even if we were on the air, even the beastly people don't know for on here. That's how it might be that old WWC and member George, 770 that we ran for about five minutes. That was a boy Gary idea back in a good old days. I think we got three calls from over there from the people under the age of 100, who weren't, uh, who weren't parking their account. But at any rate, we might be on WWCN or some station in Fort Myers, which I don't think they can call us on these lines, but wouldn't that be an exciting, a momentous thing? But our facts number is 305 area code 650198 305650198. So if you want to set us a facts and, uh, I got one from Brian Andrews, she's floating around over there at Channel 7 and says, hey, Neil, great to you back on here. We show all the best you're friend in theplex, Ryan Andrew. Myth going nice here and for me Brian, good guy. Little strange, but aren't we all? Okay, that's why we're in broadcasting. Here's, uh, Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil, yes sir. Hello. How you doing? How you doing, buddy? Great. I just got to have you back, man. Get, uh, got tired of listening to Zeta. I don't blame you. Yep. Um, one more thing, um, I need to hear a boundless man. Otherwise, uh, something else might happen, and still a capability. Uh-huh. I might just, I might just do it, you know? I just want to make a good road. I'm going right now. Got no water. Okay. Thanks a million, pal. See ya. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. So let me ask you Neil, are you really still, uh, yeah. Okay. Let's go to a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Oh, my goodness. I've been judging for you for seven months now. Here you go. Oh, I'm just going to show you that the best things in life are worth waiting for. I'm just having a great time. Like, great Whitney. I took my, uh, little portable radio into the Dr. Gopped. Take my son to the doctor and he always hates that because I sit there and snicker and chuckle and nobody knows what I'm laughing at. Uh-huh. Great. Get him all ready, yo. You doctor's not a proctologist, is he? No. This was a back specialist. My kid has a rupture, d. He plays hockey. Really? Yes, he does. Great. Get those kids out there. Hey, listen, last, uh, you, uh, you, by the time you, you know, every time you get transported to the hospital across from a pine bison arena, they know him by name. They're going to put a new wing on that hospital. It's about two blocks from the ice arena. In fact, we might have to sign him up all the petting and how things go. If we don't want to look up, if we don't want to look up, if we don't want to home game pretty soon, the panthers may have to sign him up. He's ready. I can have them suited up in an hour. Okay. Number nine. I already got his uniform number nine. What is your seat number at the arena? I'm in a section 106 in rural R. It's a seven. We've got to have gone and, you know, we've sat there and everybody else is looking at the game. I'm looking at the stands trying to find you. Well, they're right. I'm so glad you're back. You know, I'll be there tonight. I'll be there bright and early. Oh, cab a great game. Well, thank you. We'll see you tonight. Bye. Bye. Yeah, I'll be there in Denise Pothand's breathing a big sigh. I really haven't ripped him and asked too much today. Yet. And of course, some of the other people. I mean, you know, I don't have a personal problem with Denise. There are other people who do, but, you know, I can't. I can't find other people's battles for them. I'm sure. There are other people that want to develop a small pair. Be my guest. Go ahead. Have a great life. Do your thing. But don't expect me to start coming on the air and talking about Denise Pothand and talking about the fact that he contributes nothing to the broadcast. As nothing to say is a dumb frog far beyond for me to say those things because Denise is my buddy to my face. And, uh, never the twain shall me. What do you want from a frog? Anyway. It's 109. 109 already? God. It seems like we've only been here for 15 20 hours. You know, I'll tell you these first shows or anniversary shows any of these like special events, which thank God don't have it in this time much. But these things are draining especially after seven months of a life of luxury. Get up in the morning whenever you feel like it until your dog wants to start peeing on the floor that you know it's time to get up. But I mean, this is the way to go. This is a preview of retirement. The only thing is lurking in the back of your mind at all times knowing that you have to come back to work at a certain place. It's, uh, there's a little something missing there. But once you got a few bucks dashed away, you know, I mean, these people say, wow, you know, I don't know about this retirement. I'd be bored to death. Get a life. Get a clue man. They'd be bored to death. Like Dick Clark and that other Dick Edmick Manor running around ringing people's goddamn doorbells. What is the story with them already? Get a life. The two of them have got enough money to buy Ed enough boost to last a year. And I've got to get a hundred. And Dick Clark to get a facelift. By the way, looking pretty old. Thank God. We like you, Dick. But thank God he started age rapidly. He's making up for about those 30 years when he looked the same. When Steve Kane surgery was working good on his push. Given the Steve's number, William. 10 after one on 560 QAN. Are you feeling lucky? Hollywood's seminal gaming opened in 1979. Is the first high stakes Indian bingo in the country over a billion dollars. That's with a B given away since then. Hollywood's seminal gaming 48 poker tables offering Texas hold them. Seven cards stood in Omaha, Highlow. Two big weekly tournaments on Sunday's Attene AM and Mondays at 630 PM. Daily mini tournaments were estimated top prizes from 500 to 1200 bucks. Various buy-ins, re-bies and door prizes. Four daily bingo sessions at 1145 in a morning. 3, 7, 15 and 10, 45 in the PM. Also lightning bingo for the truly adventurous. A three-number bingo that takes no prisoners. And coming Saturday, February 7th, $100 bingo game over 100,000 bucks in cash and prizes. Place Bindow and Bingo game guaranteed winners get free bingo 80% of the jackpot or 5 day trip for two to Las Vegas. It's Hollywood's seminal gaming 41-50 North State Road 7 just minutes west of i95 on Sterling Road. Open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Call 9-5-4-9-6-1-32-20. That's 9-5-4-9-6-1-32-20. Are you feeling lucky? Yes, it is 5-60 QAM. The back, my bag, last night. Elton John has a man able to get out of the studio. He's back there again with his therapy-like flies album. A tribute to John Denver. You'll hear that classic I'm dying in a prop plane. Goodbye, Rocky Mountain Road. Elton John, an LB-emys studio to record other tribute records. That's right, look for goodbye FDR. And I can't even limit the Kremlin. A tribute to Joseph Stalin. Elton John's tribute album, their droppy-like flies on sale now. Okay, good time to give lots of credit to the FBI to my mev's police for a great job on a Klanan in business over there with Gianni Versace man. Great job really alerted the community. They knew he was in town for like weeks and weeks before the murder. And while they were handing out flyers in the Fag bar so they said bull crap baby. They dropped the ball. How come this guy was one of the 10 most wanted on the FBI list? Why was his picture not on the front page of the Harold? The Diario, Delas, whatever that Fag Spanish paper is. And the Sun Sentinel. Nobody knew he was here except the FBI and the police. And then of course you notice like three or four days ago they did this thing where they changed the way they on the pawn shops and they had to change the way they do that. And they actually have a computer. They must, they might be a police must be run by the measly people. Because they just don't believe money in spending money for equipment. No, we don't want to have no computers. And here it takes us a few weeks and then of course maybe the guy got out of the town. He gives them his signs, his real name. Here's El Paso Porto. Here's the whole thing. This is who I am. Come take me away. We haven't got around the video because we haven't takes us days to get to that pile of crap over there. Besides, he was only killing Fag. That's true. That's a good point. He was only killing Fag except that guy Lee Miglid and Chicago. He was no Fag. We don't think. But they, you know, and they cared the guy the undertaker there and the jersey. He was no Fag. So I mean, you know, we don't think but you never know. You know what those undertakers do out there and those dark cemeteries laid at night. You know what I'm saying? Correct, I'm exactly. So watch out for them. Look at what Crossey moto did. Anyway, it's 115 and it's better not look at what Crossey moto did. Welcome back, Neil from Juliet. Chronic Juliet. Mr. You can't call him on the swish board at work. Thank you, Juliet. That's for you. Fag is ought to be pouring in. Aren't they pouring in? Pouring? They are way out. They're dribbling. They're kind of like me. They're dribbling in 305. 650. Oh, 190. I shouldn't give an app to the beginning of the show. We could have wasted a lot of paper and spent lots and lots of their money, which I'm going to be doing. Here's one from Barbara Cabrera. Oh, Barbara Cabrera. You know, Barbara from La Prenza. I'll really, really. I'll really appreciate it. Wishing you the best and you newest and never to kill him. Thank God you are back. The Osmio, she says, have missed you in Jorge like hell. Love you. Thank you. Barbara, we love you. Sweetheart. God, do we love her? Here they come. Here's, uh, yeah, this is from Barbara. La Prenza. She's got the, uh, Horus scopes. Let's see. What does it do for, uh, scor, scorpios, not unless. So I guess I don't count. Thanks a lot, Barbara. Like I said, I take it back. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, I sell magnets in the problem with the, uh, heal. They gave you the wrong magnets. Now, I have a set here. It's in the positive way to do. And it's reusable if to bowel movements. Yeah, I'd like to take your order. It's reusable one after it's in the positive story form. Uh, you use it. It's reusable after bowel movements. Yeah. I'd like to take your order. Okay. How many did I'll give you my proctologist address. You said him right over. Uh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Here's scorpio. It's as the worst of the lot. You are shrewd and business and cannot be trusted. You shall achieve the pinnacle of success because of your total lack of ethics. You are perfect son of a bitch. Oh, I see this is all comedy thing from Barbara. I thought this was like a real low horrendous like a terminal. It is kind of terminal Barbara. We'd love you anyway. Here's uh, how come no one is flashing on here? Oh, I see. It's a lady in Key West. Hello. Lady in Key West. Hi there. How are you being doing? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Neil. How's that? Everyone. Good. I'm so happy. It's heavy back. Even with a bag like me, it works, huh? Oh, easy. All the holiday foods you know. Yeah. I just can't help it. That was a better way. Pardon me. I have a question for you. Yes. I heard this nasty rumor that all that money that Elton John made. Did not go where was supposed to. Absolutely correct. I mean, I thought the kids had enough money. And that's a wrong cut. Sorry about that. I'm glad you died below that. That's what Elton said. Yeah. Well, I really need to go now. Okay. Yeah. I really need to go down to my spot. Don't just go on. You're buying those rose. Me, whoever. You're holding our hearts. You were the greatest place. Oh, we're lives. We're torn apart. You called that, isn't it? You called out to our country. Oh, roar. And you whispered to those who made it now. You belong to him. Oh, my God. And the stars fill out your name. Yeah. And it seems to me, you live your life. Like a candle in the wind. Okay. Never played with the sunset when the rain city. Are you sure? And your footsteps will always fall here. A longing and green as here. You've heard your candles burned out long before. Oh, oh. You're living in the wind. I don't know if you do know what her last words were. I don't know if you do know what her last words were. Okay. It's 118. By the way, that was all a bunch of baloney. There were no last words. That was all made up. They had, I guess it was zero whack. You know, they got it. One of the things we talked shows. Who was in the Kennedy thing. From Dallas, Robert Helis from. But anyway, he said that as soon as the heart separates from the chess cavity, you'll be dead. There are no final words. There's no like emoting and no instructions. She was dead. Once they had the record or heart was, but we don't want to spoil it for you. Because after all, ferry princess, ferry tacos, it all works out together. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, it's great to have talk radio back on here. Thank God. God, that's alive. And that's it. You're trying to force feed stupid ass topics down to the throats of the public. When, you know, when the day or not is Auburn going to win the game against the high next week. God, I was a little worried about you when Fernando was on the list. If that made it, he would be on his list. Who? Fernando. He was on the small potatoes. He's after the big guys. Oh, well, it's good to, you know, he didn't hit you. And great to have you back on the air. You know, it was too old for me anyway. After you left, it's just, it was nothing but news, news. I mean, William Robert, Wilhelm Robert, Wilford of third, third time in the future. And just great to have you back. Thanks a lot. So yeah, you know, you know why Koonan and this is a story that you're only here on this show. Do you know why Koonan and Blue is brain's out? Because you got turned down by Jack Campbell, okay? Anybody that's, no, seriously, getting that old and ugly and I mean, not all that old, but that's out of shape that gets turned out by Jack Campbell. Immediate suicide. No question. That was it. Here's the fact this is land to have you back. If you wanted to know, I wanted to know if I could sue Joe Rose for calling me a Mexican idiot. Sure. I wasn't going to do it, but he stuck his, he stuck his, his, uh, up my dogs, Rectom. Okay, what should I do? Ah, you Mexican's are all the same. Okay, always bitching, complaining, looking for more welfare. Okay, let's take a call from homestead. Hello homestead. Got it. I was so excited. We had a call from homestead there long gone. Forget about them. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Let's see if seven months of being off the air. If you affected your recognizing voices at all. You know who this is? Who this is? Yeah, wouldn't be the same show unless one of your chronic squalned in, right? Yeah, I've recognized the voice, but I, you know, This is, don't be the Kirby man. The real stubby? The real life stubby. Oh, my God. Oh, you're glad. Wow. Being so good to have you back. Talk about ponderous radio, man. Don't be sure. I've been off the air for seven months and I'm in such a good mood. I don't even mind hearing from you, Stumpy. Don't you? I'm surprised you haven't hung up on me yet. Fine. You're not even near it in the blanket. I do like that. It's so great to hear your man. It's so good to have the new year coming in with Uncle Neil on the radio again. So I think we can all agree on one thing that Marvelle brought. I mean, everybody's kinky. Everybody's got their thing. And not all of us guys dressed up in panties, even the fact it's. But if you just would not have come on a year and lied so much, well, I did it, but I didn't do it. And you know, Marvelle get a new wig and get out of our face already. Everybody now hates Marvelle, but like poison. Well, and at kiddo is that Kenny Albert with a moon with a moon head. He's got one eye in his forehead and the other one where his left iris supposed to be. I mean, get that kid off of there. Maybe he came in O.J. You guys are the Chris Moore School of Broadcasting. Could have called a game if you stuck an O.J. deep inside his back. I mean, forget it. Marvin O.J. will get back together and then be feel higher and back. There you go. Wouldn't surprise me get an 90. She's easy. All right. Don't forget. I don't tell her. I just wanted to see if you hang up on me and I feel like a hockey game. But I'm almost, I'm almost ready to say it's great hearing from you, but I don't want to be a liar in the first day. I was like, when that piece of crap can more conks out on you, give me, give me a call. We get a real vacuum. Ken Moore. Yeah, you, I remember you said you bought a new Ken Moore for your clean and lady. Yeah, boy, you went up the air on I. But you ought to see what she's doing with it. She's talking to me. Okay, see you. And out of your stuff, try to pedal crap. They come on here. It's not fed enough that the chronic syring. They're going to find that the interpedaling crap. They got magnets. They got the vacuums. Who knows what they're doing with those. Rectom. Vacuum hoses. Got only knows. And even he's afraid to look. But once in a while, does take a peek. I understand. Here's homestead. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just wanted to say now you're back in the radio. Why don't you use it as a public forum to discuss issues like gun control and a Porsche. Right. That's right. Let me do that. I'm going to be doing this. You're going to be doing this. It's very important because there's so much community environment that needs to be reached here throughout the whole country. It changes the whole world here on a radio. Right. Okay. It starts tomorrow, pal. 940, 1290, 1417, 2595, come three. I mean, let's get serious. Okay. Crap that went out with knickers with high button shoes with guys where and the stripe tops at the beach. Okay. That's how old the stuff is that they're doing on this stupid talk network. The queer channel people destroying tool butchering two one-sgrade radio stations with a single wipe of their hand on even Mr. Whipple never wiped like their wipe in it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Steve, this is, do you know what the peanutland plant doctor's not like? No. Yes, sir. It's no good. Have a good time. I call. I just think, just think, just think, just think, just think, just tell me what your problem is. I got a lot of problems, but not your back. You know, we all think a lot about them. I'll tell you, you've been, you've been sorely missed. I tell you, I called suds yesterday. I said, suds, I hope you guys have good lawyers at that station. We're not only drove up the road in a coma in the morning program. He started cracking up. Yeah. And I just, I told so sorry for that guy. I feel sorry for suds. I even feel sorry for Rick. I mean, I know it's hard for me to say that because most of the people have worked with Rick Hated and Mike Poison. I wasn't what I'm George Hated him badly, deeply, seriously. I never worked. I was one of the people I was. I haven't been feeling feelings about Rick. No, Rick never seemed like a bad guy. He's not a bad guy. He's just a redneck. If he would admit to be in a redneck for more in county, it would be fine. We'd have no problem, but he didn't deny. We don't have anything to do. We don't have anything to do with kids before the next two, many more years roll by with his, you know, with all those dirt bikes and all that other redneck crap. But he means well. Well, you know, I did hold, you know, buddy for B.C. and against some slimy. But you know, everywhere's a ton of tools to stay. You know, we have where I guess, you know, we're back out. We looked in a little closer, right? By the way, ease up, Adam, okay. So we stole one. We had to only piece a material. I Rick Haden, like seven years and we stole it. Okay, there pissed off. Hey, maybe you can make it over there. Here is good for you. I like Chinese. I'm sorry. Maybe you get up at afternoon, try factor with Rick, suds and hang. We love suds. Yeah. Hang in suds. Maybe suds can just put a cat over there. Got a good ring to it. Hank, right. I got to talk to you later. Somebody's coming up to my car. Okay. Watch out. Roll it into up. Open line at 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, Hank, and suds. Got kind of a nice sound to it, huh? For Rick. Rick takes things. He, that's a problem. He takes things to hearty. He takes him so seriously. It's just business. Rick, it's most definitely personal. Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Welcome to hell. Welcome back. Thank you. Can you hit the nail on the head with Linda energy and Dr. Who? You must have been last in life and last one. No, it was a physician. A physician. Dr. Who? Yeah. And Dr. Who? And then I was probably with so weak doubt. She's sending us clippings of how fan fan was killing people. And about all this stuff that was going out with the lawsuits. And it was like a big joke to her. You must be physical. You started people at happened. Yeah. Well, I couldn't wait for you to come back to get on her case. In fact, I think that's what the Harold meant when they said no Moss. I think it was the fan fan article. And they put in the Jorge Mosque, no, the article by mistake. That's what we're talking about. Little bit of a typo. But you got, let me, I want you to think about this. It was the week before Christmas, OK? Yeah. Now, let's say you're an advertiser. And you put a big multi-thousand dollar ad in traffic magazine to peddle your crap for Christmas, right? Yeah. And the Harold cancels the goddamn magazine because they're so afraid that no Moss is going to offend a few old Cuban planned dominoes in domino park who don't buy your stuff anyway, who knows picketing ways. You got to be foaming at them off. I see a lot of lawsuits to the Harold. Another revolution in Miami. I can see a lot of people canceling that Harold immediately. Welcome back, Uncle Mio. OK, thanks. See ya. We don't want to start another campaign with people canceling the Harold, do we? We do. OK, 127 on 560 QAM. Are you as confused as I am with all these cellular digital PCS offers out there? You got to be a techno nerd to finger it out. Well, mobile one wireless network makes it simple, even us idiots can figure it out whether you own an analog phone or one of those underwater sounding digital phones. Mobile ones new America's plan works for both. The lowest monthly rate of only 14.95 a month including free unlimited. Let me say it again unlimited mobile one long distance calling off throughout the USA. It cost only 25 to 35 cents a minute in your local area, whether you're calling Miami or New York and it's good for digital or analogue cellular phones. Plus for a limited time when you switch to mobile one, you'll get a free beaver with six months of service included as well. So call mobile one right now at 1-800 phone M1. They are incredible. That's 1-800 phone M1 and sign up with their new America's plan for only 14. In 1995 a month including unlimited mobile long distance calling you can't beat him with a stick. The mobile one differences those mighty mighty lower rates call them today 1-800 phone M1. This is 560 Q-8M. Well have one. We'll have a WQAM.com. Just go on air and you'll find a bunch of crap. And also we are on the audio net. We're on the audio net. How you get there? We're not too sure. Audio net.com. Audio net.com. There you go. Piece of cake. WWW.com. WWWWWW. That's indeed right. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. Hey, how you doing? Great. Welcome back. Feels like only 20-30 hours ago we started this show right? Yeah. It's been a workout. Making up for seven months in one day. Listen, I had a question a little surprised is the bird contract still under negotiation or what? Oh yeah. No, we brought him back but he's sitting outside eating the food. We did this part of the meal. We didn't put him on here. We're just letting him eat the food. Anyway, look, you sound great. Welcome back and I'm be tuning in. Okay. Later. See ya. Thanks. 5-6-7-05-60. Actually this has gone by pretty fast. We had a lot of pinnanyS people hanging around here earlier today. Most of them have moved out and it's a piece of cake now but man, early in the show, frantic. Frantic, so I caught it. That John Dutzman, man. John Ducebag needs therapy. He needs to be locked in a member in Clockwork Orange when they locked him in a room and they had the Beethoven blasting. That's what they needed to do with John Ducebag from Channel 4. Lock him in a room with Neil Rogers tapes just blaring and blasting if there's any chance to cure him of his Neil hysteria. Man is obsessed. He's got Neil Rogers disease. It is terminal. Here's kind of like the shows on the stupid talk that worked terminal. Here's Voka. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, it's great to have you back. I cannot believe the quality of this call. Why? Are you like on a real phone? Yeah. You're the first guy I've been able to hear all day. I've got to show for three and a half hours. I've got to take my way through. I can't hear a goddamn thing. And you sound like you're right next door and you're in Boka. Well, I'm the first caller then. There you go. I just. Right in your diarrhea. I just can't believe. I mean, I wanted to talk you back and when Diana died and I couldn't get it. You weren't there. I guess I agree with you. What was the big deal? What is the big simist with her? I mean, did anybody give a flying crap about her before she died? Well, I don't know. I mean, the British we understand because they're so desperate for anybody who might have the slightest touch of humanity, which I guess she did, we can understand that. But all around the rest of the world who can, and no matter where I was, Amsterdam, Rome, Berlin, no matter where I was, you turn on the TV and every local channel. They're hockin' a Chinatonic in Dutch and in German. And Italian about I beat by the bull, but Diana, Diana, the NHK, the Japanese, and all those little gooks. They're bop bop bop bop. I mean, what is that? What the hell did she ever do? I mean, she never stole a freight train, but what was the big story with her? I meant to be honest with you, and I know people might disagree because they've got this thing they've been brainwashed. She wasn't all out of attractive. No, she was. You can walk into the Saudras mall, of course you got to look at their green cards and see where they're from. But you walk in the Saudras and see a thousand women look better than she is on any given Tuesday. Right, she had a big, the birds landed on, but it, right. But I don't get a hunker, like very man-alone man, I should play that damn thing. I'm a, you know, if you're a billionaire, I'm glad you're giving away some money. You should give away money to people. And not only that put all of this charity stuff, it was all arranged. Then in a whole royal family, I'm not saying she didn't do some good things, but nevertheless, it was all prearranged, it was all PR stuff. And in the meantime, she was spending money like it was coming out of a faucet. Right, and everybody's telling me about it, don't want you to kill a star for the kids in the winter, man. They're all in there. Everybody's kids out there should have a rough future like they're going to have man. I want to get these 15 years old. They're already saying that he's got figures. We hate his guts. We're not around off with what's your name at bitch and make him the king. I'm not too sure. I think maybe that'll make him the queen. I'm not too sure about him. He's a little too pretty to be the king. How many kids lose their mother and they're not, you know? Yeah. I mean, what happened to me today? Oh, I'm tired. And then of course, the same thing with this broad end-winged limb with the baby sitter, the old pair. Same thing. The media people decide, I mean, there are kids getting killed every goddamn day. And the media doesn't care for five minutes. And this story for whatever reason they decided this was the big deal. And they were going to, of course, then the guy would have been very direct head of getting involved in any of his stick. His nose. And then we got Johnny Cochran sticking his nose and latrine's free well out there in a West Coast. I mean, it's just unbelievable. The media has created all these assholes and we can't get rid of them. The old J thing is what done it. The old J thing is what really started this. It started the whole court TV thing. All these guys have got jobs. The guy that's on MSNBC, John, what is his name? The guy with the glasses from the West Coast. He's on there like constantly with the carrot collar here. John Gibson. He's on there because he was on the OJ thing. These two fakers, the 1230 on CNN, they're sitting there, they're doing their point counterpoint, the two lawyers, El Frieda von Norge, whatever in hell, their name is Eva Brown. And the other guy, Roger Cas, Roger Cas. Roger Casacre, whatever in hell is his name is. They got all of a sudden their stars because they were on with the OJ thing. Right, and everybody's got to have a career because of OJ. God, be given us a break already. That's right. Okay, okay. Okay, bye. This two show pass. Okay, oh the pass. You give me cool. You give me cool. Okay, okay, okay. Okay, okay, okay. You give me cool. You give me cool. I've been you two. I've been you two. That night when she turned off all the lights, there's no place where she could have gone. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, you, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh voit Op, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, you, oh, oh, you, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yes oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah oh, oh, oh, oh, oh aha, okay, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh oh, oh she, oh, oh, oh yeah, oh oh, oh oh, oh He's gonna get you Oh, red Oh, J-S gonna get you One night Okay, okay, okay You kill, nigh, oh Oh, you kill, nigh, oh Okay, okay Okay, okay, okay You kill, nigh, oh You kill, nigh, oh I kill, nigh, oh Oh just get hold of me. Okay, it's 140 on 560 QAM. Did you know that over 80% of American suffer from back pain? In fact, next to the common cold, it's the most frequent cause for missing work and a relaxed of backstores and many places are incredible. Have come to the rescue. In fact, George is relaxing in his chair right now. Paved forward with my talent, by the way. Thank you very much. Wasn't in the contract, by the way. Little Panthers tried to bite the sharks tonight at Miami Arena. Let's make it on the wrong guy. Right hand, right hand. Oh, Steve Leak is going to the cleater. Let him go, but after he's said Steve Leak is the cleater. Unsporced 805, 60 QAM. Someone showed them the way to San Jose. And their preview starts at 7. Oh, Astra. A man made fast. All Astra. Approved by the FDA. All Astra. Help you stay thin. All Astra. Me destroy your kidney. All Astra. That's a strange tape. All Astra. It's so good in greasy snacks. All Astra. Cases of domino cramps. All Astra. Cases loose, stool, and all Astra. Cases anal leakage. Interesting. A new snack with all Astra. Diolrito. C-C. Diaritha. Mui-Buenal. You can hardly take the all Astra. I gotta go to the John. Diolitos with real all Astra. You can't just eat one without the runs. Okay, we're not going to be here in all these beltsing and farting things under. Sure, are we? Sure, hope not. Anyway, it's 144 on 5.60 QAM. Hang coming up at 2 from 2 to 6. And then we got the Panthers tonight. We got like a real team back. I'm telling you they're going to kick ass. They got to get rid of Kirk Mollard. You rid of that Garford Lawson in back. Where the hell he came from. And uh, butch up, Carcter and Murphy. And we might have a team this year. Here's a facts about Larry King. Okay, old news. We don't care. Uh, after what seems like forever. It's great to hear your voice again. Atlanta radio wasn't big enough. I thought of jail ready to fart. David Paul Sherby to David Paul is back on Malay. And Atlanta. How do you like that? Amanda couldn't be on on KPX for two minutes just to give the time in the temp. And he's on here in Atlanta. Probably on a cox. Oh, sorry. Uh, game is so showdown. He's a hockey thing. Nobody cares about that one. Did you see Yagarin Barnes, each had three assists last night. Yes, I did for the penguins. Is they wonder game five to one? I did see that. But we got Ray Witton who was better than Stu Barnes. Trust me. Welcome back. I can't get the AM in my office. I'm being big trouble for taking a three hour lunch. So I can hear you're showing a car. It's at a run. So on this is from Dennis in Boca. All right, Dennis. Nice going. And they'll just take the day off. Okay. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, and it. Yes, sir. Yes. What's your problem with baggage? You're quite killing. Two boys. All right. Now we're talking. Okay. Now we're talking. Forget the fact stuff. Let's get that kite stuff in there. Now we're in happy Hanukkah. Here's a up. Here's a payphone and Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Right, down. He's back. Thank you so much. Listen, this town was so boring without you. I moved up to Orlando. Is there any chance of getting you up there on that station? You don't want to? No, give me a break. I really tried Tampa. Those those those those pickers up there. They wouldn't know already. Or show off your stuck it in their eyes. But let me tell you that. That's a signal 100,000 walk gets gets up to Jackson. They'll all the way south to Palm Beach. You would be great on that station. Oh, yeah. I'd be big in Jacksonville and Deland. And the Ford Mires. All the all the clansmen at it who else needs that. All the young need to be on here where there's a bunch of Jews and Fags like New York and Frisco and L.A. and Chicago and he Troy and Rome. You know, I didn't my homework while you were going to watch the godfather. Yeah. And that worked. Man, that's too movie never made. There you go. All right. I'll be through you. Great idea that. Get that book. What the Royals by Kitty Kelly. The Royals? We'll need to change underwear every five minutes. I'll do it. Okay, pal. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty five six seven. Oh, five six. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Going on. I just want to give a shout out to all the dolphins. And I love Gary Steven. Let me tell you. We would have to even back to where he came from to the hurricane. You know, maybe they would have scored a touchdown. Back to the Hurculans for Gary Steven. That's what I say. In the seven months you've been off the air. I got a sad story. I gained about 22 pounds. Yeah. And the main reason was because I lost the address. I can especially source slimy. Okay, just head east on Helen Dale Beach Boulevard to the water gets up to the steering wheel and call us back when you get there. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. And that's that was one of the great moments to show you how stupid these old Farts are in his town. Sloimy's which doesn't exist. They were going for the Appkins Cheesecake. And I gave them an address that was like seven miles off the Atlantic coast into the middle of the ocean. And they were going there. And thank God for me because they probably wound up there. And never came back. Oh, man. I'll tell you if they could have an IQ test for an entire community. This place would be in a minus column. Hey, hey guys. Don't you think this would be a good trade? I'd bread headache it for the bees are. Yeah, right. Whatever you say, man. How about Tim Horton for the bees are now we're talking. Butch up that deep fence. At least he had a good haircut. Here's a mobile in the keys. Hello. And make a first child be a manly child. Ha ha ha. Okay, remember. Thank you, remember. Excellent call. Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the five, six, seven. See how I have these people program. I can't imagine how some of these people survived during the seven months. Because their entire lives are based around the crap that they hear on their show. The Godfather and the network and this and that. But I've been every once in a while. A little one of those. You know, I mean, their entire lives are. So thank God for me coming back. You welcome. Here's two bad Greg Reads out of town. It can be here to enjoy all the excitement. Here is Boca. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, I'm glad you back. Because I was listening to Boca and Chris Moore for the past. Come on. Bad Boca. And talk about. I mean Boca, okay. Who's Chris? I think right now. Chris Moore is the he thinks he's funnier and he's not funny. Yeah. It is imitation. I ask you what time is Chris? More on. But here's a meeting with you. Neil. I didn't turn on the radio more than six times. All summer and all during the fall. I can assure you. He's show was not one of those six times. Okay. Well, I'm just. But I do hear the rumors that you know the guys a little bit out of shape and while Neil's not speaking. I never liked the guy to begin with. He's a no-tality. Couldn't broadcast the hockey game of his life dependent on it. And every time he comes, slump it up those stairs at the arena because I get there early. I'm sitting in my seat and he you know, do this funny to my face. Right. Like people who put on an act of your face and pretend to be your friend and then go on a year and rip you. I mean, I got something to say to you. I'll say it to your face. I never took one step out of the way to say hello to Chris Moore. And I don't wish him any yellow and I wasn't out to try to destroy his career such as it is, whatever it is. But this guy is in La La Land. He fances and often like on major talent, which he is not. He should put all his concentration into learning how to call a hockey game. Exactly. Exactly. I mean, like even if he would just once described 30 seconds of the game, it would be no seriously. They would put it in a hockey hall of fame. Don't you, I would stand there proudly and say, for 30 seconds, this man actually called a hockey game. And you know what though, but about Chris Moore, Boog at least has something to say. And Chris Moore would kind of bring Boog down to his level, unfortunately. And Boog would get sucked into trying to do that. Exactly. What I was going to say, he's been more eyes. Exactly. All right, my brother. Have a great day. Yeah, it was funny because it wanted to be for one of the games. And this was a lot of an amount of ago. Boog's, you know, who I've only, you know, seen from a distance high, how you do and you got orange here. But other than that, he came up and started a conversation with me and defending Chris Moore and Bappa. And I'm saying to him, I don't really, in the, of course, the, this is, practice is going on the loud music and arena and I'm getting a horse. I'm screaming trying to have a conversation while all this is going on. Like I have to get into a debate with the Boog Shambi about what Chris Moore is a broadcaster like this kid knows a hockey broadcaster. Okay, give me a freaking break. Now, where the hell is the very important thing that we're just going to, all I know what it is. I know what it is because I want to get everybody in the mood for tonight again, because it is San Jose, the team from which our guy came and I have the wrong damn, this is going to thing. How do you like that, George? I'm so disorganized, it's terrifying. I'll find it. Okay, let's go to a lady in Pemberg Pines. Hello. Yeah, I'm so sorry, but we're just like in the bedroom. We'll have to stop like a baby girl. I just think you're just like the inside of my hair. We're going to be in you, baby. I'm going to say the baby, I can do anything I want to do. I can't do this, don't keep all that. And I'm going to be the same, don't keep that. I'm going to rap show. Yeah, what do you like? I'm going to rap show. I've got some hours to go to show. I'm going to rap show. I have a way to get your own show. I'm going to say it down on Hollywood. I'm going to stop like a baby girl. I'm going to show you the piece. I'm going to say it down baby. I can't do anything I want to do. I can't do this, don't keep all that. I can't make this, I can't do this. I'm going to blow you up. I'm going to blow you up. I'm going to blow you up. I'm going to blow you up. I'll write. Thank you, profusely. So much. That was believe it to the audience man. Leave it to this audience to have the material. We may not have it, but they got it. Excellent. I shop watered by the way. Clean house. And you notice the first person in that lineup who vanished off the year. The clear channel bought it was a f***ing bitch. Exactly. Karen Gay, the one at Walters alleged girlfriend, which we don't believe from in it anyway. Nice try water. Nobody was buying it. It's one, one fifty two on five sixty QAM. God, this has been a draining. I feel like man, I can't even begin to pull words to it. Here's a great place. Republic security bank and family bank have come together. You know what that's like. Your community bank has grown, but they still understand the importance of personal attention. I love them. They love me. Greater resources now let them offer you an expanded array of financial product services and locations. More choices and greater accessibility. That's what Republic Security Bank can provide for their customers. Technology helps them enhance and expand the services. But rest assured, and Republic Security Bank, the advantages of high tech banking are always tempered with the human touch. After all, it's their go to ensure that all their customers feel like part of the family. Republic Security Bank has 32 branches all over date, Broward Palm Beach Counties. Republic Security Bank is one of Florida's biggest independent banks and proud to be locally owned and operated. Call toll free 800 409 75 5 6 for the location nearest by you. That's 1 800 409 75 56 Republic Security Bank FDIC ensured and met at the Asad Rasp Ranch is still God. This is 5 60 QAM. The NFL playoffs are on QAM. Catch all the NFL post season action and Super Bowl 32. On the home of your Miami Dolphins, what radio 5 60 QAM. Welcome to the Clear Channel Collective. You have been assimilated, resistance is futile, and will result in your termination. We know what's best for radio, and you will be required to assist in the assimilation of all relevant radio stations. A relevant radio stations will become all news and left to die. Since talent is expensive, they will be transported to what we believe are relevant radio stations with smaller voltages and scattered in a network of confusion. And by the time they are rendered helpless, the collective will have already disposed of them for profit. Now, grab that frying band and repeat after us. We know what we're doing, we know what we're doing, we know what we're doing, but you. Alright, 157, and a good leap in everybody. On 5 60 QAM Hank. Hello? How you doing? Does this work? Is it, are we on? Then you hear me? Do you know that they were going to have a billboard campaign since you moved up to two and were on like back to back. They were going to have a billboard with you and me standing back to back and it couldn't find billboards. Bring it up for the two of us. Hey, did they run a billboard for anybody? Yeah, exactly. I've been here now for, uh, and here about five years have not had one promo outside the radio station. I'm going to club not a plaque, not a street sign with my name on it. Not a sandwich board. Nothing. sandwich board. That would be appropriate. Seriously, you guys are going to thank me in a long run because if you could see, well, I don't want you to see you. You'll be in tears, but I mean, this is a pretty good joy to over here. I'm just sitting here squatting flies. That toilet that festering sewer that you're working in over there, you will be out of there. Uh, hell of a lot of fun. In fact, you never would have been out of there. They tried to con me into a building a studio and a broom closet over there. I went up and out of the closet for 20 years through that. We were going to be adding here two years ago, April. Yeah. How's it coming over there? We fooled everybody. Things here are coming along. Thank God for George Corso. This man is the best engineer single-handedly. He did the work of five for the pay of like about one half. And if it weren't for him, we never would have got this thing on. How was your first day? Pretty good. Pretty panless. Yeah, everything worked. What's everything worked? We got the PINDS media people out of here. John Dooshbag, this guy's out of control. And things actually work over here. It's, um, it'll stop working soon. Oh yeah. Well, well, I have one question for you. Well, you see the cart deck over here. You'll know that those are words of wisdom. You're right. I have one question for you. How many vacation days did you get? Uh, 298. Plus Jewish holidays. I know. I know. I know. You know, people are saying, well, you demanded this. Look, if somebody promises you that they're going to do a bunch of things, you say, hey, no problem. I'll take it. I'll take the studio and then you hold their feet to the fire, which, of course, in this case, we never had to do. Because the guy is always out of town. How do you like this great act of courage on a part of our general manager? Greg Reed, everybody else is in the studio. The boss, he left town. He high-tailed it. Yeah, he's, uh, he has some things he's supposed to give me this week. He's not around. There you go. Typical. Couldn't be a coincidence. Could it? No. So how do you like moving up to the six? Um, I don't know yet. I haven't tried it. But I, I think it'll be okay. I, I miss that, uh, I missed across over with cramarty. Yeah. There you go. Now you, okay. Yeah. That was funny. All right. I always like when you used to say to him, hey, stupid. And he said yes. That was my favorite part of the show. I think that's history. Okay, Hank. We'll, uh, we'll be with you. This two to six will work, you know. I think since I have, uh, I have a, I have a lead in. Since you have a lead in and we have no, how does it feel now to have no competition? Not weak competition? No competition. Well, thank you, queer channel, for doing what nobody else could ever do. Well, actually, that started a few months ago. And, uh, not, uh, I'm not blown smoke at you, but, uh, when you went off the year, that, that was the end of that station. And nobody enjoyed it more tonight. It's sticking at the packs in and now our good friend David Ross. Yeah. And by the way, and I don't feel sorry for Rick Rally. But I do feel sorry for such. And I want you to be up front and honest. You don't feel sorry for that guy. Not at least. Not at all. See you, Hank. Hey, me, welcome. Thank you. So that dispels all those rumors. But I can't, we'll take a 30-sex issue. We have no format on this station. I just got to play this again in honor of tonight's big game with San Jose, the Panthers, 730 in Irina Don Cherry says. Ray Wettley, let's just throw him in 13 gold. The best point now in the world. Given away from Edmonton used to be a stick point. He said, hi, the best point guy. I saw him last night. Unbelievable. 13 golds. He's done with it. Nobody's talking about him. All spare that the two barns has gone that Ray would come in. Unbelievable. Guys, just a little guy worth a map. I still like Doug and Gilmore on the points. It's been pretty super cute. Doug has been good. Doug and I love you, but you're Ray is better right now. 13 gold. The Neil Rogers Show. Now on Sports Radio 560 WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale. At 3 o'clock, I'm curious. Two o'clock. I'm curious, haven't we? I want to talk to Neil for a minute if he's still there. Like you know. Like he says, there's no floor map here. I thought to them, I got to tell him one story. Are you still there? Sure. I can't get out of here that fast. I go to the fight that I went to. It was the Whitaker, the Whitaker Delahoy of Fight. And I'm walking through Ringside and there's Larry sitting there with his current wife, then his fiance. Who, by the way, is not a bad looking woman. And he stops me, not hello. How are you? You're not saying like that. He says to me is, so Neil Rogers really getting a million dollars from your area of station. First thing out of his mouth, good I hadn't seen him in a couple years. Don't be fristed. You can do that now. And you should have said to him, well, when you pan all those people back, do you remember go seriously? About two years ago. Two years exactly. I know most of them. Two years ago, they his PR people put a big thing like in it. In the tabloids, all Larry's getting a pan of guilt guilty conscience. He's making millions and millions. He's going to go back and make a man's in payback. Everybody that he owed all that money. Hold your breath, baby. There's not a Chinaman's chance in hell. Never pay any. And you know over at Gulfstream, I don't know if you're about to Larry King Memorial Dwarr. They've got with all the bounds checks. You ask us the people over there ask a papy harness in those guys. He's still around. And our harness is not there anymore. You don't come to the flat to the Thurbrids anymore. I'll come out there. Now the Gulfster is Durkin coming down. Oh yeah. I'll be there. Yeah, Durkin starts Saturday. Now that I make it a big box, I'll come there and make my contribution. Gotta feed him. Just throw him with some of me. Anyway, it's good to have you here. I will take a seat. We're going to kick. We're going to kick some ass. It'll be good to do that. Okay. The O'Rodges. Daily. Panic lock. You're on. Don't be frifty though. How can we call the sports radio 560 now? It's sports and Neil. But I'm sure our creative people are together now. You have something you want to do here? I was going to do the update. Wow. Add to a clock. Come closer to your quarry. I appreciate clock. You're earliest update I've ever seen. Query saving with a QAM sports update. Panthers at the ice night with the sharks. They're a home at the arena. The first of a few at home. First of three is a matter of fact. And John Bambi's Brooks says they've been playing well lately. In Gritty efforts, you know, you get girls. And it's funny. We've been paying a lot of attention to our own end. We've got five goals last night, six goals. Night granted. We had a couple of fortune to break. But we did we had to do. Victor Cazov ago against this former team. While Dave Lowry and Tim with San Jose face off at 7 on Sports Radio 560 QAM. The heat on the court in Cleveland and they're in Charlotte before coming back on Saturday against the first tip off at 730. Tonight the Alamo bowl. Number 17 for new. Great and three. They meet number 24 for home estate. And three kick off at eight. Penn State Junior Running Back Curtis Ennis says a league Penn State early may himself available for the NFL draft. While the hurricane's on the court at seat and on tonight the Pittsburgh Syracuse game post phone. Because of snow. Stand up to your game every 20 minutes. Only on Sports Radio 560 QAM. It's time. Yeah, baby. The talks sports with a gold bird. You have some witty. How's an orange a fine wine? Women, walter, men want to be. On Sports Radio 560. Why must I be surrounded by a freaking audience? WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.