I was just flying in coach because nobody important is going to want to fly in coach so you won't get bumped anyway. bumped by the damn babies. There they were. There was Mary's and there was the agent and there was other hole on to Roger Missford. There they were. If I would have had if we had tragedy if I still had babies music first of all I'd throw it out the window if we could open the window. If we had babies music in here I would play tragedy because that's what they are. I mean here's a bunch of guys like the babies who supposedly made all this big money. Wouldn't you think they could afford a little bit better than America worst airlines to go to which it wasn't for another week by the way. It wasn't that weekend. It was the following weekend that they were coming to do their big stick in Vegas. They were going to stick it. So they stuck us instead. 1124 at 5.60 QA and dry concept man as a sponsor I've had for a long long time. A sponsor that I use because they've been in town since 79 they do a phenomenal job. They don't rip you off. They don't have any kind of gimmicks. No scams. They come to your home and whatever you want clean your profits you're draper your apulsory, your furniture whatever it is. They do a phenomenal job like you wouldn't believe in they give you a written, gerend, what on teeth price, what on fun. None of these you know so much 5.95 per room scams ready to sell their crap like you see with some of these other joints that wind up doing a crappy job and then gouging you when the job is all done. So if you want to keep your profits clean which of course for sanitary purposes, possibly if you're not a slob you know kind of makes your house look beautiful as well and also keep your cup it's clean a lot longer and make some last a lot longer too. You save all the way around. Do yourself a favor forget about just let them have the equipment from the supermarket. Forget about the fakers and the shies do's out there. These are people you can always depend on in this town or just out that many of those folks around anymore. Call them today dry concepts and day call 950 36 36 get your cup it's clean after the holidays probably a mess get them clean right now and day call 950 36 36 in Broward 588 147 39 588 147 39 and in Palm Beach 930 47 39 maybe the best in the world the best in the business dry concepts. The Neo Roger show now exclusively on sports radio 560 QAM are nonsense the new QAM line up alright and get your score cards out tell us the first team one six to 10 Neil Rogers midday tend to two tank Goldberg after news now from two to two and who can I six to 10 and then it's game night with Ed Caplin from 10 till the last thing is have a great ninety eight from sports radio 560 QAM Neil Rogers all your song were late but you make money yes you try to act like a down on you all right so when we lost while I was off the edge on Denver thank God 1129 on the 56 to QAM the new Roger show off again Hank the Humper will be along two to six and our earlier two to six and all those people all you know those guys 80 each other wrong wrong no problems you when you're a pro you're you operate like a pro I don't hate Rick Wally I mean this crap that some of you people started with yesterday looking I worked together for years I wish them luck and God with that outfit I'll need it and then I did hear a little bit of the aftermath which evidently after they had several of those calls from O'Jom per Vocketorm Graham starting the stuff and said just saying well I didn't know he's not here washing our car the right I'm not there washing your cars okay Mr. Show me here as I'll show you my start looking right anyway here's the fact about the piece of all he's got enough publicity always buddies with Jimmy Johnson show me your Johnson he's got his fingernails all brushed up for the holiday's great here's a bunch of stuff from David gravy line so where's that yeah that's not in there anyway you know no matter what I want to play it's not in there anyway just because we got to them yeah so well where's the David gravy on welcome back we must have a new set of silver bunch of luck or for supplies and if anybody knows about the orifice supplies it's David gravy line thanks Dave as we continue as the Tony Yoppy yet in the other room he just continues walking around with a big smile on his face like he knows what's going on is there anybody here today few people they'll be bailing out around noon New Year's well I should be playing some New Year stuff shouldn't I yeah I better play the good stuff though here's my name he hello my name he when is this one journal okay well it's these phones it's just set up a little it'll start working a few months here is uh... candle hello yes sir start uh... to enjoy it the game you can get to hear remorale tonight you'd like to know why they weren't playing with me to the end of the game and why was that it seems a grand merry once again chance to have consulate make a goal so we're going to turn down Victor conslawed on the way way see I was saying this I was saying this to all the people in my role we have to keep seeing conslawed in christwells and you know why because right i get this you know how i wanted to jump out the window if we run a higher floor I would jump out to them window it proves what i've been saying this guy is a hard ass a hard head and he is going to prove to us what a genius he is so all this money he wasted on Victor conslawed almost a million year and all of the money he's has been on christwells whatever it is he's going to keep playing these guys and playing these guys to prove to us what a genius even if we had to give up a point how about if we missed a playoff by one point is you okay let's look back at the game last night and keep in mind that he decided to put this big rushing out there who does nothing instead of our best player because Ryan marid is not like small guys he's our size queen he's in the big guys he does not like small players remember to shield kept saying too much of the wrong thing look how much time comes with god uh mary really went into the sport but i was screaming i was screaming at him up there and in fact during one of their commercial breaks i was not paying to these took his head set up and i was screaming at him i said we played half the period he's sitting with me on the bench at least in these knows what's going on up there we know whittiness were in four teams is like going to there you go same story neurotic repetition man the such it wouldn't know about cry over is the anti-Christ you got it okay right thanks for the good news yeah Victor conslaw go back to side area Victor will pack you a provio whatever to let you do over there what are they i know the rush a lot of it okay we have open line five six seven five sixty five six seven five six seven five six seven five six seven five six if you have 18 two wellers or mobile one yeah it's pound five six you pick it up and pounded here's a mobile in Miami hello hey Neil how you doing great welcome back i have a comment about the panthers who the panthers i remember them yeah well listen next year if they do these bone head trays of these are adult if Whitney enough money when they go to the new arena let's park at the saw grass mills mall is at a ten thousand cars a night time ten dollars that's a hundred thousand within the last year thirty thousand yeah and we can send them out to the team from the adagina to Tory and Marie and say hey we we to fans don't like what you're doing and we'll just do that when they do bone head trays stay over there walk a mile go to the game and they'll get the message i park at the show stay i'm serious i can pray for me walk for my house too i mean it's a little bit lucky it made it to mile two miles i look at two minutes from the new arena yeah but you know this is just you think that's a great idea we're going to know okay we have an open line five six seven five sixty five six seven or five six oh yeah that's a great idea and by the way let's also trade the b's are for red head again right okay see a lot of these guys on the year this is it's just why are there so many ask suckers on the year this is what bothers me it's one thing to be a sucker but it's a be an ask sucker i mean that's to me is extraordinarily disturbing oh these guys that get on no matter what these people do oh yeah we'll go to do then and no matter what the color state no matter how in need is oh yeah great idea forget it pal ain't gonna happen well lazy we want to park up close and personal and deliver so long here's light house point hello hello new year thank you slackwise uh listen to your answers they have what 14 wins like 20 losses i was just wondering uh they have to be very keep in track of not many wins or uh how many losses we'd have if if Whitney wasn't on that thing if Ray Whitney had not joined this team if Ryan Moran i didn't credit if he hadn't got out there inside way when he this time would be right down there with the lightning you buying for last place in the uh conference i mean he's got to be responsible i would think for five six wins or you know equivalent of six seven times at least right so where the how would they be without them no worries so why the heck is he sitting in the down in the and when when you didn't want to need a win so i mean i have to ask the brain trust okay he's trying to show case all these other guys to show us what a genius again i was yelling out of two left i but in doing they're doing the humans and do you much good no i did not have my sister i'm not holding you then anymore and i'm gonna tell you one thing if we go to that arena tomorrow which i'll be there and Kirk Muller is out there on a ice i'm gonna go ballistic if he puts Kirk Muller in the lineup tomorrow i personally am gonna go out there and tie him up in bandages and set it back to Kingston on cereal you got to settle the down carry south he's gonna put Kirk Muller out there because well and uh and what yeah yeah well the same time nice that sounds good to me sounds like a real weiner to me yeah how did Ray say amigo yeah take it eleven thirty six and five sixty q a m you know so is the dumb things still going to you just want to tell me Joe huh or Joe you're gonna show by the way i mentioned yesterday but a great job Joe did for us up in us put all the stuff in the cs motor good guy here i don't think you mentioned it and his name is castellanies italian but not related to frank castellan the mobster we don't think we hope not but not it hasn't dumped in uh forty five minutes well it's about time to let one loose i would think most of the people down here haven't dumped in forty five weeks so what are you worried about that's good okay maybe it's just needs a little time to uh you know get greased up and loop got ready to go we need a loop what am i gonna do about my a five-view mirrors by the way you know it's bad enough that we have all the brought us daughters you that that's that's a cover up that's a cover up a shield people who are the daughters so that i don't say anything bad about don't talk to the degenerate i mean that uh wonderful guy up there power ninety six who bought us a very nice uh do you know he brought us an elephant's a positive yesterday describe this is a guard your daddy's most elephant's a positive choice and pretend that there's a guard which is great because there's a delicious no matter which and you win sir okay here's uh for a lot of the hello video yes sir you're absolutely right things have gotten right back to where they were seven months ago except now you've got a uh uh and interstation kind of a thing going like they used to do well like they used to do what do you mean well with this thing with uh comments by uh Rick and so just today but it's but it ain't gonna happen it ain't gonna happen i'm not going to uh i have no i have no problem with Rick and so i wish them the best i mean Rick with knows that it's sticking out he's there's a certain part of Rick Wally you like to pick on he knows all about that i like those guys i don't have a problem with them i'm not gonna get into some kind of a can leave that to mr. eagle i don't that that whole outfit and i'm not talking personally about Rick and so but this this clear channel thing with this with this uh uh crap top network whatever the hell is the stupid top network it doesn't it i don't have time to waste talking about them i don't respond to the things that nobody is listening to there yeah that's the lead director it's like they like the light bulb they tried forever and ever and ever all they're talking about me all the new here but i don't care what they say it's like Christina Moore on this station who thinks that i number one listen to him which i don't and number two care what he says about me i couldn't care less i don't have time for small potatoes like i make i like make a suggestion what did you and hey put together triple out of Vegas that's a good idea that's a great idea well i'd be i'll find up let's just hope it's not on america worst yep okay pal thank you thank see there's a color had a good idea Hank loves Vegas i love Vegas anybody in the right mind loves Vegas what does not to like let's just hope that in bg don't screw up the deal we'll call up our good friend bob Lincoln that's a good idea all right you must be drop an answer to again 21 till noon i'm 560 q a i'm attention argue toyota buyers out there don't make a big big mistake like a $5,000 mistake only kind of toyota america's low price powerhouse beats every advertised price in america not just in this not in Miami-Dade County not just in south lord and i've been a scot forsaken the pin all-shave state but in the entire country or can go to a little give you $5,000 cash if they don't beat that advertised price you can't be that over a thousand new toyota's and use cars in stock a can go to a lot of these 39 month leases you're gonna save a lot of cash new 98 krollers with aeronautomatic 149 a month 98 khamrees with aeronautomatic 169 a month 98 four runners who are just 239 a month and Jordan's got one is a little more than that because it's loaded with all kinds of stuff and he's very happy what was that really damn right 98 to come up pick up only 69 bucks a month for 27 months 69 bucks a month for 27 months even your slipper's gonna for that and you can still buy with zero cash down so don't make a huge $5,000 mistake can that be right 69 dollars a month does it sound right to the that sort of says here i'd run down here immediately candle toyota will be every advertised price in america not in the city of grip the in stock toyota or to pay you $5,000 cash and this may be our last part of it for them because that price sounds very fitting to me candle toyota a US one just out the day land this is 560 q a m rhaven this is jerry roe my lawyer resolution rhaven rhaven rhaven promotion is to the top of wrench nice people that i'm not exing is unoperative at the giving awards in the kindness nutty people and the good ship of this guy it's a shame ship and it's very tough when you roll for daily and the way you up the back with change it's a good ship and it does not like an bit higher about exharsiness you die up and see they grow tapety in Receiv lack of boys are pricing augus The day goes after the new getsees, they made it back to you, life is very hard. And the goodship is the star. 1143 and 560, you have a look at this. Somebody fasted this this from the webpage, I guess, from K. Henry Shaw and K. F. I. in Los Angeles. The first annual suck-off tonight. It says over the past eight months, and still Henry has held an on air competition called, Who sucks on K. F. I. to determine. This is great. Are you sure positive? To determine which host really sucks the most. Tonight from 9-11 they'll have the year end. First annual Who sucks on K. F. I. kickoff. This time we'll be allowed to vote for their finalist Wayne Resnick Tommy Bruce Rodree, John and Ken, or wait to near this doctor. I think Dr. Roy wins plans down on you. She sucks big time. Nice gone, Phil. Let's take a cool, a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. The Rogers. That's me. You've been off the air for seven months. And it's like a soap opera. You show you your off for seven months. You turn it on at the same shit. Yeah. What is that? What do you mean what is it? I mean it's great. I love it. But I mean, because they took guiding light off the air for seven months, they put it back on. What's your name? Would still be walking around trying to find out where she's going. And the guy was still having shaved and Vanessa would still, they have in the baby. That's exactly the right thing. That's what it's all about. Right. And that's why I got you on. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. It's right. He's absolutely correct, like I said. I'm so lonely. I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm, correct. But we do have two open lines which strains me, which strains by imagination. The only thing I'm a little disappointed considering everything things are going very well. But a lot of our, uh, a lot of my friends, not yours like Paul Harvey Jr. for example, who knew hate like poison. A lot of those people we haven't heard from. The not slanting lady, a lot of our dear close personal friends out there. We haven't heard from yet. And I don't understand. I mean, have they just forsaken us? Maybe they are like inside of real building and they can't keep you in. We don't have, look, let's face it one. A.M. We got some signal problems. We don't have the world's greatest signal. But I'm, I've said, yeah, compared to this, this other slot network, they're where every station at this, before sunrise and after sundown is fading out and you drive another 10 bucks. Oh, just keep turning your dial. It's a good thing we got digital radios in the car. Just keep cranking that thing up 10 kph or 20 kph. And you'll be able to hear it. You might miss a few words or a few sentences, but just keep cranking it up. Hello. Well, my god, you look too psychic. Do you work? Anyway, if you got something in your mouth, or they have a lovely, yeah, likely story. Let me ask him questions. I don't know if you mentioned it yet. George has got a sour look on his post. Why does he hate you so much? No, not just dick. No, it's not. You're out of me. And all of it's not. He hates you like crazy. But I heard some. I told him that that thing here is which I'm looking feverishly. I think it's lost forever. That Chris way of somebody. Yeah. Chris, Chris, Chris, Chris, well, that's his then making a whimmer. That was thrown out. That was thrown out? I bet. George hated that. I love it. I didn't hate it. It was just a thing. Rimmer slept during now. Rimmer, I was going to say something a few bucks. Rimmer wouldn't sleep. Hey, buddy, a few bucks. Let me, I probably gave him a hockey puck. What was your first reaction when you heard McClaim was like, oh, I was very surprised that it happened so soon. I wasn't surprised that it happened because I predicted it would happen. But I was shocked that after only 23 games that they went as such a panic. And I will say to him, I keep appearing these rumors that it was motivated by Wayne. Because at the time when he was canned was the same time they had all the big news paper ads about buying tickets for the new arena. And Wayne saw all these people leaving early in the third period and the teams stick in the joint out of home and not running any home games. Yeah. And people getting real disenchanted. And he started panicking. And there's screaming at Tory. We got to sell all these tickets to the new arena. You got to do something now. That's just a rumor that I heard. Yeah, I'll obviously not from our friend. But I mean, from outside. I've also heard a couple of rumors similar that. But to add a little more. Yeah. The propanities that were used during the game. What happened? Well, that wasn't very much white-pied myth and type thing up. Oh, no. Oh, yeah. You have to be joking. Oh, no. So we have to have a family oriented team now. Yeah. Now, you know, nothing about the game. But if you turn a game on TV, you know, they have all the mics that are done just over the ice and hockey. Yeah. And every time a penalty is called, the player's game, what kind of an app in college? I mean, you hear everywhere that's ever been invented with a little Canadian accent. You hear? It's all the same. And they're worried about because Dougie has got a colorful mouth. Mm-hmm. I'm restraining myself. I've been hearing so much crap lately. It's unbelievable with an inside source. Well, I've been going to the game, so I'm used to crap. Let me tell you what. Another scene. Last night, I'm serious. Last night, the call-up performance and abortion would be a compliment. And that's the damn truth. Another explosion that took place while you were off the air, when the brain stem was getting a doctor's in the Hall of Fame. Yeah. And Danny Boy wanted to go. It would only meant missing one game of practice. Yeah. The boss would not allow him to go. Really, he induction. Well, I told him that he'd each other like poison. Well, they need to get that. I got looked for something else to do. Yeah. They need to get that crap straightened out because I did not want to see him go out without a ring. And all these idiots who are call on the head. They haven't got a clue. Don't even get into it. I've got a clue. Okay, let's just give him a ring. Listen, you're gonna not come in. Okay, go saw some pasta and get out of here already. We love you, Danny, but see ya. Yep. What other thing? Yeah. What other things? What all this crap was going on with Klanan? Yeah. Guess who was sitting down for my help? Uh, buddy Nevens. Yep, the eye. Really? Uh huh. Why is that thing? Is there a bag inside? Yeah. What? Yeah. What? You were trying to protect ya? Look. They said that fact Paul Harvey, two years at that house, could I? And right there. Paul, long story I'll tell you what night it'd be. Yeah. But anybody who finds out he makes field cute and closing. Who? You ever seen that show on Monday night, I always think they'll be. He looks like a frog. You would know that. No. And all these guys, you're going crazy. The wailing lesbian music. You're feeling weird. So just what we need, after Rosie O'Donnell was another bull by conti. The hell was bad enough to try to salvage a dying show. But Rosie O'Donnell. I don't know that she's a lesbian. Who? Not Rosie O'Donnell, I only mean field. Who cares? Great show. I mean at this point, you know, most heterosexual men are very much in the lesbians if they're attractive and if they're doing each other. But as far as Rosie O'Donnell and people who are low-tasked, I don't want to bring up angene. Have a good good deck? Not what? What? Have a good day? Oh, can you believe that? Can you, but no, a lot of the FBI was standing outside his house. He'd blow it. So like I said, Kinen and Bruce brains out, because he was turned on by Jack Campbell. Okay, let's go to, that is the ultimate slap in a pushman. When you get turned on by Jack Campbell, or me, here's the forelawterdale. Hello? Forlawterdale? Speak to us. Going once, going twice, what opinion he has that is, huh? Let's try a derail. Hello? D'Rail? Going once? Going twice? Okay, we've got three open lines. Now all of a sudden, because this phone system is really, really cranked it out. Five, six, seven. How can I never hear this in the morning or in handshow? I never hear this. Will the collar's right there? Do you? I never hear it. But of course we'll over here. What? Huh? Well, that's right. You're not laying the board during your show. You're not doing the hear, either. Here's the Pemberg Pines. Hello? Neil? Yes, sir. Thank you. All right, such a blessing to have you on the radio. I always don't. Yeah, I just, I haven't heard you say anything about Cendpins since you've been back. I was talking about yesterday. I was talking about the magnets and the, this clue-crackery is magnets, magnetic, uh, insole for your feet, a magnetic blanket, some magnets for your back and magnets for your rectum and magnets, uh, and, uh, then we talked about the Pempins thing and our good friend learned the energy. Did you do back flips when they outlawed it or what? Of course. I was thinking, oh my god. I'm not perfecting. All these people are hard-bath problems and all kinds of other, uh, uh, pulmonary hypertension. I mean, you name it along list. And once again, the FDA proves they don't get a crap about anybody. All their hours in bed with the pharmaceutical companies to make them a lot of money. Neil, for a third in general. Right. Hey, can I call someone to do something? Neil, they're a beard. Go ahead, sir. Chris Bonne-Donna's a douchebag. Oh, god. Thank you so much for saying goodbye. Seeing, like I said before, he was right about three calls. You go to what I was talking about to soap operon. You go away for so much and you come back. Absolutely. Do not miss a beat. Not a beat. Because they're still out of this crisp bottom down as a douchebag and in that jackass with a video place was trying to call in here yesterday. Any ad the Italian ice man or does other little lemmings trying to call? It's, uh, right where we picked off. So once my next seven month vacation coming up, in fact, seven months off the year sounds real attracted to me as inserting in a couple of days would be good. Oh, my god. Phil Sautman. Finally. Who thinks that Brian Cox is a misunderstood guy? I know he's a misunderstood guy, but I didn't call up to us to Brian Cox. I know. I can't pretend you I missed you so much and I'm so glad you're back on the air. Yeah. Yeah, really. And you know that that's true. You're still going strong? I listen. I won't. I will not hold it against you and default forever that you ripped Dave Johnson on the air that time. I never ripped Dave Johnson. I had you didn't race callers stop with other race callers. Oh, I heard it with my own four years girl. No, that happened to be our default saying whatever he was saying and I didn't say anything. And he males in the calls. That's what he does. That's what he does. What I did not say. We should all have Dave Johnson's talent and money, not necessarily in that order. Right. And whatever else it pleases him. There we are. Yeah, me too. I go for that. Yeah, absolutely. Anyway, this is not got an X wife that said that sounded by the way that says that she would be with you with you with straight really. And I know she's listening to cushy listen 24 hours a day. Tell her I'll see you in the alpazzo. I tell you a truth that wish I could be in your place because she'd be missing something. So, Dirkin is going to be doing ghostry, right? Yeah, Dirkin does ghostry. I feel colorators for the National Rate line at ghostry. You're not just sitting on your butt up there. You're doing something constructed and making a few bucks. I'm making a few just enough to survive and play some gals. And then when a highly open, like the one vacation. And then I'll be back for the call to opening May 20 something. How are you feeling? I'm good. I've had a couple of bounce with gouts that have killed me. But other than that, I did okay. And I'm just thinking about you a few days ago. This is a guy that was so sick. Lovers about two, three years ago. No, it's more like seven years. Seven years ago, time flies when you're sick. And they just they just butcher this program in a hospital. And like put all his parts in the wrong places. And that'll open him up again. It's amazing that you're here. Yeah, and I'm very grateful that they eventually got it right. Well, they can't keep a good Jew down. I've always said that. Absolutely right, man. And that's why you're always on top. You're the best. Okay. I don't want to suck around, but I love you, man. What's here in front of you? It's good here from you two. It's down the end now. For love, what is it? Just on his fight. Okay, pal. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. That's all. It's been a voice of call to race course in the center. I was almost at end down. Especially a combat that was Bob Savage of course. Who isn't called races here in the market. The murder very tall in which woman up in Chicago. And is a pretty good guy in spite of it all. Bobby Savage and down those legs. They come and it's cheery cat on the outside. Give me the rail. Good guy. But boy, could he call a race that Bob Savage or what? No? Here's Watson Island. Hello. Oh, Dr. Raju. Uh-huh. Hey, New York. I got happy New Year. St. Tv. Listen, um, a couple of things. Uh, between the fabulous mook out of the worst team in Hank, I don't know how I got to these kinds of advanced girls. I'll take my singing off that trigger so you can feel it to come back. Thank you. Okay. Okay, listen. Also, um, also I think the mall is because I'm a pretty something. In your slot, the only thing I say that day for me was both because Chris for on his you said was off for the last day he was on the air. I don't know if you were listening. No. I mean, he ripped marino for four hours straight. What's on his Chris? More on. I mean, you know, do me as a personal favorite of me. Do me a face for next five years. If you feel that long, I hope he's not. I want you to rip him a nice, so big. He can drive both your clothes and make it back out. I wouldn't waste my time. Like I said, I don't have time for small potatoes. Have a great day, pal. Have a great life and happy Cheneau couldn't happy New Year and happy Suckers and happy Tishabove and happy Goat. Your holidays, etc. 5 6 7 0 5 60 5 6 7 0 5 6 0 5 6 0 it's 11 56 6 and 56 the QAM. Don't forget Hank the hopper the copper he'll be along at our earlier than usual. He's on to the 6 now. Which is where he should have been all along anyway. And like I said, we want to be great when we have those billboards. When we have the big billboard campaign with me in Hank's then in back or back. Yeah, big billboard campaign. That's what what's his name said, Greg. Great. Oh yeah. We're waiting for a thing waiting for it. Lorenzo's an ounces of new cafe menu. And then you're featuring their Oak Wood burning brick oven. That's right. The brick oven just like they do in Italy. You go to Rome. You go to any good pizza rear and they have wood burning brick ovens. And that's what they cook the pieces real fast. Like in two or three minutes. The original classic pizza margarita of Naples Italy is waiting for you now. Lorenzo's where pizza was born and it does have an official birthday by the way of June 11, 1889. The oven. What what does that mean? It has an official birthday of June 11, 1989. Do we know what that means? Do they mean like 1689? I don't know. But anyway, they do go in there and ask David Lorenzo what the hell does that mean? To save or understand the magic of real pizza margarita, you must see that immediately after it comes out of the 700 degree wood burning brick oven. The Apollo and pizza is the emissants. The real thing is that it's crisp around the edges, fragrant flavor for its light. Were they offered milliner or Bianco margarita with no mozzarella for only 499? The margarita is an individual size pizza about 12 inches enough for one of course. Napoli with tomato mozzarella and fresh basil for 99, quadro for module for cheese only $6.99. Quadro-stadgione for shoe to and fresh greens only $6.99. A real color for shoe to a real vegetable's all $6.99. Also come and check out the great new menu. Lorenzo's their chef will cook fresh to order in the square right in front of your post. The color of a 305 94563 81L. Thanks a lot to you for the order from. They are outstanding. They got all the real emissants to be a good Italian stuff at Lorenzo's market and restaurant 305 9456381. This is 560 QAM. Start bombing back dad. Through it every day. I want to watch it on TV. I write, I write. We've not closed. It should take a day. I got it. Let us just watch our night to it. I write, I write. Okay. I want to wake up and see that city is on exists. Hope in the air and tell that the drama is seen. We're really pissed. You're on the ice again. That little piece of... I'll get some of the make-up hits. Come on. Who knows? I just don't know. You're going back now. We all know each time you've found. I write, I write. I write, I write. I want to wake up and see that city is on loads of bits. I write, I write. And say that with number one. Oh, for the heat. We can't be beat. I can't be had one. Start bombing our life. We're all about the score. Run and stop to jail. Let's make the up party a lot of this. That old pirate. When all the parts of their are to a show. With the thick pair and say goodbye. I write. I write. I write. Who knows? That is the end of the game. What is your gonna quote going on? I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. That's right. That's right. I want to. How are you doing? Yeah, the hardware is great. You know, maybe I'll have you do my regular taxes this year. There you go. Because I do pay those people in taxes. A lot of my do my corporate taxes. But maybe I'll have because I need something to do it. Oh, good. So I can sheet the government real good. There you go. Now that I have all my investment losses. That there you go. And that's what you need. And like that's stock. You know, the day remember the day the market went down, 554. Sure, girl. Luckily for me. Because you know, when I was in town, I had CNBC on a lot, which is a bad mistake. Because it makes you very neurotic market is off. And that little arrow was in your getting psychotic. Right. And by the time that that day came, I had already conditioned myself. If you would have gone down 1200 points, I was laughing. Right. But well, you know, this is a silly game. And it goes down. It'll come back up. And then of course all this stuff with the Goose Star. You're with the, you know, over there in there. South Korea and Japan. Can you buy yourself an other than Korea? Huh? Did you buy yourself a little town? Yeah, right. Right. For $15. And it doesn't face me anymore. Doesn't face me. And sure enough, but a lot of GE stockers. I'll have a friend's channel. Six or whatever the reason would be. And at one, we're down to like 60, it's back to 70, almost 35. A lot of people. You just sort of want to be patient and supplesing all these BS artists. That's right. The only people I think that really left out with the ones that sold the next day when it recovered. Right. That's right. And of course, the passion people who stock isn't worth the pay of the show. And that it's their written on. That's right. Is that your answer? That's good. Oh, thank God. I thought we were starting to hear a fan of my life. I just wanted to. No, just my. Well, it's great hearing your voice. What could you hear me, too? Have you kept away, though? I kept most of it off. Oh, that's great. I just give Bill Tanner the icons of the by the way. I just thought the new one. There was a little soft cover book in the store. Yeah. I don't know if it was not seen that. But I thought I'd pick it up and give it a read. And since you're going to start it again, I think I'll do it again too before I railing it. Yeah. I'm getting on it too. Well, you know, I said, I hate to say this, because he's such a good guy in a very channel that your book of blind. Right. Lot of solid, great material, funny, funny stuff. And yesterday he comes in here. I thought I finally cheered him up a little bit. And he brings it a box from Doris Market, okay? Which I shop at Doris Market. Right. Because it's close to the run of plantation. And then of course, under weekend, drive down to Lorenzo's. But anyway, he brings me half a dozen canoes. Mm-hmm. Do you know how fat and canoes are? Yeah. And I love them. And of course, they literally got these unbelievable canoes in the all the bakeries. And he brings me half a dozen. I want to be eating three. Wow. Is that disgusting? Yeah. Somebody who ate one. And I have cooed to you how, how's which I pray the Johnny's those two. But I want to be in three canoes because Brian doesn't get it. Brian, I'm trying just but I was having such a great day. Yesterday, I ate only the lunchmeets out there. I didn't eat any of the dress. I had only one of those jalapeno, I think you're popper. Right away. What was the name of those guys with the lunchmeet? The sub center right across the street. Well, I don't have a menu for 140 or a foot. They're offering us some menu. Would you just rely? Like today was jalapeno pepper, was a worth damn good. Oh yeah, those things are great. Those were two bad. They have a great taste. Yeah. But at any rate, so he brings me the canoes and I screwed up. I'll get back on it. Yeah. And the diet too. And the diet. Well, how do you play taste? We don't. Great topic. Take care of yourself. And happy new year. Love you, happy new year. Bye, bye. But not slanting, lady. How do you like that? Well, I forgot to ask. Oh, damn it. Well, I'll talk. We'll talk to again sometime this next year. Forget to ask where she realized that the young senator from not slanting, the guy who which I hate this guy like with it. He's got a nose you can make a road by but then broken. Like a hockey player to sky 85 times his nose has been broken. He's playing on a guiding light now, Ben Warren, Ross Marrow's long, long, long, illegitimate brother whatever it is. And what are those characters that you despise that you hate? When you're fortunate, Michelle's going to be able to see today. We'll find out. 12 minutes after you're noon, 160 QA and he's a lot wants to thank everybody. They want to thank me, mainly. But they want to thank you folks for all of a sudden coming last night like the world was coming to an end like with the last supper and the good news is all that great family style Italian food, the pasta and the pizzas and the subs in the eggplant and the chicken and the feel and their great gollicles, which are the juiciest and the best of the world. It's all waiting for it today and tomorrow and every day. That's right. You're open New Year's Eve, New Year's day featuring their regular menu and no price gouging. Every time we get to the holidays, especially the big use Christmas New Year's, whatever. A lot of the other restaurants that do stay open. They got they, you know, they skyrocket the prices because they know your desperate most places are closed and they got the hell out of you. Never pizza loss. Same menu, same prices, which are astonishingly low. Every Monday's Los Alignite Tuesday is eggplant and both nights of you buy one of these. You get the second one for only five bucks and they give you tons of food. Air beyond trays and up for like three people Wednesday, like tonight, bring the kids for kids magic, whatever you don't want to. Two kids can get choices to get you with tomato sauce or a slice of cheese pizza and every day the back to express lunch specials with a little bit of a white shirt or a little bit of a white shirt. It's really good. And if you can't get over there, you're really doing a great job. They're in Broward now and their new location pizza loss, which has been in South Florida for 23 years. Bigger and much much better than even ever before. You'll find the loft at 35 14. South University Drive and David just got the grip and wrote right next to Nova. If you want to have the look for you or have it ready for you when you get there, called nine five four nine one six eighty eighty nine five four nine one six eighty eighty the amazing pizza loss in Jeff Cohen says thank you and please don't look at my finger on the old Roger show now exclusively on sports radio five sixty q a m in court. Now from the makers of tickle me Elmo it's the all new take that thing out of the Elmo man Elmo taking my temperature with his hand the new take that thing out of the Elmo and coming soon the vibrating Elmo man I think I'm buying in love with Elmo in place still is now. Yeah I do like it and the that's right to tell us there's story that has to do in distribute a new lightweight headset with a thing if you'd like concerning people home most with it almost said old enough that it does will we go to a mobile in Miami hello mobile and Miami hello once well or twice nice talking to the conversation here's a opens up my ER 5 6 7 55670560 how come there's nobody flashing all at this flashing here's a mobile and must pombee hello and hey sir I'm going green great show you it is let me just add this during the commercials we don't hear anything so I mean I may have been listening to our radio more working on it all right hey I was in the Bob you last night up in a box you were sitting above me huh okay what's out did you hear me during the third case dream about first will say Whitney no I couldn't hurt anybody because I was to be screaming the same thing I was screaming up there at remember and Denise pot fan and what you know what the hell is going on here and the time is going buying I kept saying five minutes seven minutes time it has to periods gone before we got his first shift and then finally sticks him out there for twenty seconds and I looked up at Denise pot fan and he said like well really really I think because he knew it was a bunch of crap yeah see I see it might find go out and he's on go out well Ryan D. Meyer again I mean they're just trying to destroy the fans by proving to us that neither Mars gonna be a real force and that Coslov's gonna be real play I'm tired of it man put the guys out there they're playing you know Lindsey and Fitzgerald and Wells that lines play okay and uh and uh Whitney's playing great he should be double shift in that kid every power play I'm not understanding plays him for half the power play then the last power play we had he puts Eddie out there he's on air for like the first minute and forty seconds puts Whitney out nothing happens okay puts Whitney on in the life twenty seconds it creates a scoring chance we didn't score but he creates an opportunity why wasn't he out there the whole time he was not on the shift before the power play I'm telling your man Brian Murray is the anti christenies just I'm performing at the mouth with his guy I love him because he doesn't like I don't care how many times people lie to you Brian Murray does not like guys who are not big goofy who are like Coslov and Chris well that's I'm telling you that's his idea of players Dougie had a lot of records of you he's gonna be more on Detroit these Carolina Malacca's still featuring the news is a stiff Dougie had a winning record on the road life before he left no and you're just because he had to walk home I know it's not but I got a news for it we can't worry anymore about Dougie about two barns about the past they have got to make some moves now because we still thank goodness the mediocrity is so rampant now we were able to appoint the Heidi Islanders the Rangers a couple of points were still in there for the playoffs Buffalo is coming on a little bit though now these other guys aren't gonna wait around all year for us to catch up to him he has got to do something now because he's got a bunch of stiffs on his team that just can't get it done I think it's the white Jersey who can't win with the white Jersey tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow is the red Jersey's what that from how well we're in the red Jersey's they uh no right yeah that was a way to white ones who are in the red Jersey's the change of the lock oh we're gonna win that's all I hope all those two okay I'll see you tomorrow game go leave school I mean go Panches go we need to tie Domay on that team to shake these guys up maybe because I have picked some of his own guys and shake these bastards up okay wake up sniff the Panches man somebody's guys are like sleepwalking and we're paying the big bucks for the tickets here's Boker hello yeah yes sir have a new year welcome yeah listen on he's not afraid about your accident yeah related birthday to you too thank you so much and how are you so good so don't forget that oh thank you for what has you live listen I you know I was listening to people on the red and such yesterday and by what you said on your show yeah and it was just you know it's back of the same old crap with some of these people but you know something George was telling me heard some of it and Rick says credit said I'm not gonna get sucked into this and I'll leave that to keen because he likes to create that that can try for any controversy I'm not gonna get sucked over to here I am not gonna I've already said what I have to say about it and I'm gonna do my own show and I'm not gonna publicize you know the the the the fan from the talk network there that you have to keep turning the radio every blockied right up the road because you can't hear any of the stations I am a while you even bother well that's an idiotic kind they quiet on FTO for five years desperately to get me to talk about them and I won't do it why should I bother now I don't understand my audience doesn't listen to those stations you know Rick and such didn't fall for it all yeah you know Rick was upset because you know Bob Green was there and he hates Bob Green and okay let me tell you something let me tell you this is one thing I do want to say yeah Chan Jekka has been a friend of mine I've been in the market for I don't know