Siamely Salupary, Nail is next on 610, W-I-O-D. Don't get weird on us. It's only radio. 5, 610, W-I-O-D. What? By M-E. Fort Launderdale. 610, W-I-O-D. Present the Neil Rogers Show. To talk with N-O-Col, 622, W-I-O-D and date. 767 W-I-O-D and B-O-Col. The one in 18T wireless customers can call toll free at pound-io-D. And now, not only across South Florida, but across the nation and Canada too. Call toll free at 1-888-474-W-I-O-D. And now, the Neil Rogers Show. It's Friday, you best dudes. Hi, I'm Aaron Summers. You got me talking on the passion song. Okay. Tell me the story about who you got flown. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. The lines are jammed up. Yeah, there isn't a doubt. Call up and tell me what it's all about. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. Oh, oh. I got you down. Here on the show, there's a new topic each night. Who'd you have sex with with a blacker living right? I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. 10.02. Happy Friday. Happy good Friday. Good. Happy Friday. Here we are. Passion clones. Oh, before we do that. Happy birthday to Fes. Fes is whatever he is today. He's what he is. So anyway, I got you down. Last night, a horrendous, grotesque. I mean really pathetic excuse for a hockey game. In addition to which I had a real busy and draining. Happy birthday, Fes is whatever you are. And so anyway, what was I about to say? No, he said he's 22 today. Going on 45. Hey, listen, when you work here long enough, you'll be going on 95 pretty soon. I'm going to work there in a highway. You'll be going on 95. So what was I about to say about how bad the hockey game was last night? It sucked. It was bad. And anybody that's going to say, oh, you shouldn't have left out to the second period, boy. They made it real close there at the end. Yeah, right. Right. Got one goal with like two minutes left. And then Murphy threw the stick up into crowden. Hear that little kid. And then got to go with one second left. Made it real close. Okay. Three to two. It might as well have been 85 to nothing. That was pathetic. So we had the opportunity on the way home to listen to. Passion clones, which is our new nine-to-midnight show. With Erin K. I'm a Karen K. Is your name Erin or Karen? Karen. So anyway, see you didn't hear it. So you don't understand. I think it's Erin. It's Erin K. I got to down. So this is like she's like a Erin summer's clone. And I'm listening to a Karen K. And I'm thinking, wow, okay, I'm going to listen and with an open mind. And she had that same kind of real catty. That's the only word I can think about it and has nothing to do with golf. Okay. It's got teas instead of teas. They don't even have no Rick teas. What are you doing now? There's a good drop for that. Oh. I got to down. Oh, I love it. I saw that before. Where do the cameras at? No, it's been in there. It's been in there. It's in Maria. It's in I got to down. Oh, my God. I love it. I'd love to get you down. So anyway, I'm listening to Erin Calcara and Kay on Passion Clones. And now Harry Valentine, who's every penis Valentine, our new PD, who's coming one of these days and getting his ass down here too. He told me the other day, just a couple of days ago. He said, I want you to know this because there'll be talking to Halls and better you hear it from me than in the hallway. And he told me something confidential, which I never would have discussed on here. Because it would have been, I don't believe that you discuss on here and hang in a home, okay? I don't think it's anybody's business. All you know is people out there with no lives. I have no life. Exactly. But it's great radio. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Okay. Hello, here. So anyway, I'm listening last night. We're coming back from a very depressing experience at the arena. I mean, it's just a coma inducing. And he's going on and on and on and on about people who sleep with the boss. And then she like makes this segue into the fact that she has for the last five years been the girlfriend of a radio consultant. Then she becomes even more specific and announces to us that she's been the girlfriend of our radio consultant here at WIOD. And then she mentions by name, Walter Sabo. And she's carrying on about, oh, why is everybody so hysterical about this? What is everybody care so much? And didn't seem like anybody cared because they were like basically no calls in that 45 minutes going home. There were two calls. One was a crank who said, Pax would fire a baronund today. And the other one was some fake Fag with some ridiculous story that she was evidently buying into. But at any rate, I'm thinking to myself, does this light, is this a good way to start? Is this a good foot to get off on? Assuming that she was great, which no comment. Assuming that she was, doesn't this kind of like damage your credibility? When you come on here and say that the consultant for the station who was certainly hand picking much of the talent that's being hired or at least involved in those decisions. And also in critiquing their performance on the year. I mean, I know that consultants traditionally have screwed the talent. Their famous for that. But not so literally I didn't think. So where's the credibility factor? It turns out that she blows. I see I'm having a problem here. If it turns out that she isn't the greatest thing, you know, on our format. If she has a problem on here, how do I say this delicately? I mean, where's the credibility? Because the consultant is going to say, She sucks. There I go again. She just ain't cutting it. How do I say this without all these quadruple and six tuple, six tuple on tons that they get very upset about? Do you know what I'm saying? You heard me. Okay, I'll try. But at any rate, you know, I just wonder that if she stinks to join. I don't know if she gets all like always points is the consultant going to say, Get her out there. She's got a one share. You know, it's just a, it's a website. So while I can say is, Don't even bother coming back. So that is on one note. Direct TV, by the way, I know that such is probably sitting there. He won't be listed right now. He's sitting there glued to his tube and the set two. Direct TV adds the new channels. They're already on there for this morning. The animal channel. My favorite part was, I've been on the frogs that was kind of cute, filled in Quebec. They got, uh, Janet Paul crotch your on there. If you want to send your money in, if you're like a sucker, if you're like real smart like these people that often sells in San Diego. If you're almost as smart as they are and still barely breathing Janet Paul crotch, you'll take your money. That's on there. And then W. G. and his on there. How do you like them apples? Just in time for the start of the baseball season. What the hell? F*** you. W. G. and the Cubs in the summer to white socks and a bunch of other good stuff is on there. I'm a small dish and a few other rather meaningless channels. So there you go. If you got direct TV, don't buy into your cable company. All I propaganda because they're trying desperately to convince you that it's, uh, to expensive. It's not a good idea. It's, uh, communist plot. Believe me. Tell your cable company up your ass and get yourself direct TV. Also last night before the hockey game, my first ever visit to Bayside. Wow. Ha ha ha ha. Well, there is a very good Italian restaurant by the way, where we ate last night. And I can't think of the name of it. And one of the waiters in there used to work at Pizza Loft. And after I finished eating it on the way out, he comes running over. Papa, papa, papa, good guy. We used to work at the Pizza Loft on our flagver street before Jeff was up and moved to a real place. But anyway, good guy, good place. Pretty damn good place with a sand pellet grino water. Let's see. I had penny aposto aadabiyata. And it was pretty good. And the waiter was like a real digger. I like that. Not a gweedow, but a real wap. Priego. You know, that kind of stuff. C'mon, see a priego. And, you know, the four or five words that I know. Onchipiki, I said that a couple of times you can get a strange look. I said, hey, listen, don't bother me. That's all I know. Don't expect a conversation. I know like 20 words. And that's one of them. So anyway, we got an opportunity to check out Bayside. And what can I say about Bayside? It wasn't exactly jam pack for like 536 o'clock at a Friday evening. I understand that later on and evening on a Friday and on Saturday and a weekend, a hard rock cafe gets jam pack. But a hard rock cafe anywhere gets jam pack. Right? So what's the big deal with that? I don't know. It's kind of like a flea market. Does it have you been in there? And doesn't it impress you at least one segment of it? Is a big on the water flea market? It's a very overpriced state of mind kind of. Yeah. Yeah. But the people that were like wandering around in there weren't that many. But they didn't look like the overpriced crowd. You know what I'm saying? It didn't look like they were dripping with expensive jewelry and lots and lots of cash. I'm sorry. And downtown Miami are you kidding? Oh, that's true. And they're also like several banana boats parked there at the dock. I don't know what the hell I meant. But they all did say banana boat. And then once said something about the Miami Queen and I thought they were honoring my presence. But so there was my first and probably last trip to Bazaar. All the way did like that risk to run today. That was very good. And somebody probably will call and tell us the name of it. If anybody got there is listening. If anybody is out there, who doesn't have to work today, which is almost everybody. What am I? The trip into work this morning. And here was Pete Bolzer here this morning. All the other people all the corporate the front office door is locked. Everybody is gone. But Peter the tweeter. He's out there working his brains out. He's going. Go. Go. Go. Subscribe to the airport on patreon. Easy for me to bring you a tour. Hi Pete Bolzer always liked them. Tell him it wasn't business. It wasn't at How does that go? He sure felt Mike. The Mas überall was business. And then of course they took him out of the back. Oh that was just an accident. That was best to be heard. Done. That's right. How do you like that? We're efficient. We're on top of things. You're nice, panther, pinther from that game-wise night, which I didn't even take it out of the plastic wrap with that other Dreck in there, whatever they had in there. So it's all yours sweetheart. And you didn't have to show up to the game-wise night to get it. What a guy I am, man. That's what I always say. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Cooper City. Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to talk about the idiots in California. You know, they're no idiots. They're no different than the fundamental of the Christians. Right. They will believe in their prophecies. Oh, you know, the thing that I find very amazing is that if you look at the articles here The first one in the hero and the upper left hand front hand page genuinely very nice and all about their All their computer customers thought they were great and everybody who knew them. They thought they were little standoffish and kind of pale But they were very nice. Why doesn't it say lunatics, you know, commit mass suicide? They always have to put a paid the picture. I guess because this step-on religion here a little bit and they don't want to step on anybody's religious beliefs I'm sorry because it gets too close to the other religion. Right. That's right. They're all saying the world's coming to a All insanity man. It's mass madness. You may need acts like Howard Bill would say if he could Because Jesus can't come back unless there's World War Three. Yeah, you always say like God knows a future and he gets pissed off But that means he also made everything that means he wants all this to happen. Of course. It's already it's as they say and he Is it's by shirt. It's already written in the stone. It's engraved in platinum and it's all dust in this way Which means God the Judeo Christian God is a sadist He want he's already designed this and then they say well the devil Lucifer Well, who the hell invented Lucifer and if God is omnipotent and could do everything? What is he just off Lucifer and the blow is that he didn't have any problem getting rid everybody else with a flood Say that old slipper Noah and his family He blew everybody else away has been doing this over and over again every time he gets pissed off He kills everybody including the animals and the mosquitoes and yet the devil he has a problem He just that's right now a little children who yeah No, the fetuses who have any better chance to come into sin yet Speaking of no when you when you are in vacation to Suncental that a great thing on Noah Yeah, we're talking about like they had to they were talking to this Christian guy like how could seven people take care of all the animals Oh, yeah, they go rid of the bathroom But he always animals go to bathroom where do you dump it a big shovel and they asked where were the dinosaurs and I go for the Lord Didn't have a plan. Let me ask you here's our pull question today Where would you rather have the shovel concession on Noah's arc or at Paxon broadcaster? Ever died have a great day, but yeah, he said no contest. We have an open line in day six to two. I got you down. Oh My god passion clone She's sleeping with water. I mean, why did she say that? Why did she do that it was like a act of suicide? Maybe because suicide is in the news Maybe she was inspired by the San Diego cult and of course this the the suicide note on the net shows That hailed bops comet was approaching this signal of time. This was the end. Okay time to do it Time to put on the they're still time time to put on those neat outfits to join up and and get on the event first and catch the ship Everybody that wants to go what the ship it's hiding in the comments take my ears must be I would have sworn That's what Clemens is said we're gonna catch the hell so don't be left out. Remember that get going Yeah, when they were going to the mattress is yeah, then we catch the hell I was telling Mikey when you know you'll probably be able to come back four or five years and we catch all the hell Lamberties by the way Lamberties was the name and base side very good place Real attention restaurant with the real attending menu and you can tell it's real attention because they have Primo Patte which is the first course which is your pasta stuff and then secundo which is like a meat and stuff like that Like you would aid in the real restaurant that you were trying to read in Italy if you were Italian You'd like that without gain in a hundred pounds, which I can't how to how do they do that? How do they eat so many courses they start out? I mean not a huge Wall of pasta and they're drinking wine along with this and the tons of bottled water And they have like a plate of spaghetti or lasagna or some kind of pasta then they have their main course either fish or veal or some kind of meat And then they have dolce like gelato or torta or something for dessert and Of course in Salata salad not necessarily before all of this salad somewhere like there in the middle Like I'm out of six course meal and there are almost no fat people over there except for the damp pulp and he's a polock Oh, sorry, that's good Friday. Sorry 10 15 a W I O D Hey, and He's coming out. Yeah, and having a little chocolate Easter egg He laid a second that's gonna be an a chai's a funny Oh For those times when you need to keep going and going and going and going and going and going and going and going and going and going Yeah, okay. Thank you 10 19 at W I O D So they had this mysterious some Canadians by the way among these cultists out there in Rancho Santa Fe, California A few of them were cult Canadians a few of them were Hispanic George few his few specs in there too Probably Mexican yeah, of course greasy and so at any rate They just decided that this was the time the common hill Bob popped in and they said okay time to vacate their containers Which we call human bodies they believed in their leaders they believed in death and by obeying they Off themselves and you notice how they did it very methodically and first 15 did it and then the next to 15 took care Like took the plastic bags off their heads and they cleaned it all up and met left a nice and medicinal And then they did it and then they had like two left over and And instead of saying oh we changed our mind like anybody with a brain would do this. Okay, we'll clean them up and then we'll offer ourselves and they did So these were very nice people were led to believe Generally very nice did a great wake or work on the their website was a beautiful thing and the newspapers and all the media are like Oh, yeah, this was right. Of course. This is the way the real world operates exactly Unfortunately it is here is Fort Lauderdale. Hello Hello Neil. Yes, sir. I work 40 hours. This is my first deal. I have a chance to call you All right, happy Friday to you and back to a happy a bad Friday. Yes, it's happy good one for me They off You have a number for hydron skin care yes, sir. I don't know about you back it around my forehead my Haunt, how many notes on cheek? Braccombe. Yeah 1-800 The number four is in Quattro right a to ID R-O-N pretty simple you're not gonna remember that very easy even a scene I will fart like me remembers that and that will fart you that yes, I do I'm Schmerinett The work good. Yes, all right, right. Don't think I call someone to speak back I haven't felt this good in ages as I feel today. I'm just feeling it. I tried everything. Nothing work. Okay And John will be from promptly to mercury you're driving to speak. Okay, pal. Have a good day You're a good. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line in date 62 2 WIDO. What's the name of that restaurant again? I wrote it down, but I just have long-body. Thank you so much Which you might think might be an Irish restaurant named after Vince but Vince wasn't Irish any when he was a wap Something about Lombardi. Didn't that say if is is a Lombardi with a y is that Irish and with an I it's Italiano Well, we'll find out we'll probably have some a drunken Irishmen out there. It's almost 10 30 Open line in date 62 2 WIDO D what in Broward 767 9463 7 I don't want to start that stereotype again about Irish our drunk They just happen to me drunk if they want to be drunk. What's wrong with being drunk? That's what Ted Kennedy always says What's wrong with being a drunken Irishman Ever read Andy Cap that's no crap Andy Cap that's the that's it that's not a stereotype That's an accurate reflection of an Irish culture is all about which is why they're all killing each other up there It's got nothing to do with religion. They're all drunk. They're plastered man Here's West Palm Beach. Hello Oh, yes sir. I don't buddy boy great. Hey, listen I haven't heard you in a while there How was your trip there your vacation there to What you'll be yeah great yeah, right god. Did you get a chance to order your foot long ago Yeah, hey anyway. Yeah, well anyway, yeah, well anyway as we continue with the real great Z-Matera. Yes Hello, you okay? What is it? Hello, are you okay? I'm okay. You're not but I'm okay by the way the Ron and Ron show this morning was outstanding What they'll have it of them? No seriously. They had a damn good show this morning and Paul. Oh was hysterical What has he been holding back the great A-Matera? He was a panic this morning. I'm serious I think they've been just holding back Because they were fantastic this morning and I was just glued to the radio coming in and then even while inside the building here He was hysterical and the stuff about Well the early bird he was a beautiful thing Paul oh, I didn't know you had it in your paw. Oh, I'm trying to get it out. He was great We have an open line in date 62294636222wildy Two on the other top lines one triple eight four seven four in coherent That was a great call. That was our first Palm Beach call of the day just a moment to go another in coherent asshole out there in radio land Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello, Neil. Hey, do it great happy good Friday to you sir back at ya, okay I don't I heard you talk about direct TV, but I don't hear you talk about dish network much are you aware of who they are? Yes, I am in the reason I don't talk about it is because I don't believe in it because they con a lot of people are in the beginning And I have no idea what they're giving people now, but they don't have anywhere near what direct TV's got at least I don't think so yet Well, it's getting a lot better. They're merging with Rupert Murdoch and he's got two satellites over Europe and We have Italian stations and Greek stations and Arabic and Spic stations and but who wants that? I will I got a big dish already get right I get right. Oh, no I already get that on the big dish But who the whole down here wants to see stations from Italy in Spain? I mean if you want to see spik TV We got two local spic channels. We don't need them. Well, all the luck for the foreigners We don't want to need a bunch of greasy hit a spaniards Well anyway Tom Jitterrow to be a big article about us and we're supposed to be the the up and coming the best and all that and I just wondered We we I'm with dish network. Oh, I also gave you the hop-along penis The what you're a little hop-along penis. Oh, yeah for your birthday well nobody's perfect that was good that that part was good. I know Another thing I think he's kind of hop-along Cassidy, any He's a second cousin Which also was kind of David? Yeah, well, do you know that this hailbop comet's got something trailing behind it? Yeah, I wonder what it is. Rectom Have a great day pal. You do go pedal some of that crap. All right. Okay. We have an open line in Broward It may be okay. It may turn out to be great dish TV. I doubt it but it may turn out to be done I'm a guy needs to make a few bucks. We all need I was telling people to be for we got to make a living You know, that's what life is all about making a living That's all and then you do the best you can you don't have to be perfect nobody is perfect most of us are You know, I've got our asshole days and moments You just go ahead you do the best you can and you survive and you try to be as the the least Uncutes in terms of your human behavior as possible. That's all. That's all. That's all. It's all it is required And then before you take the coolator whatever is the cyanide and the tapioca pudding. I wonder if you'll cause me At something to do with us No seriously you're smirking but you notice that they took the where's the What is and apple sauce we have a putting an apple sauce and what? cyanide no barbitrits barbiturits and then they had a white of aluminum barbiturits. Yes That's not like emphetamines is it the opposite I know and then they took a vodka that's why I said that It's something yeah and washed it all down. It's not like emphetamines is it? No. I thought like speed No, it's like slow As opposed to quick death like fenophene. Oh, sorry So anyway, they took putting or applesauce it doesn't say whether was yellow putting or not or whether was approved by Bill Cosby And mixed it with phenobarbital they drank it down with alcohol laid back and relaxed I guess you would kind of relax as in when it dot pass it out And then of course just to make sure they put the plastic garbage bag around their head with a little tie down to make sure that Just in case that didn't work How about a bullet through the head? I think would have worked a lot faster maybe a little bit too messy too messy And not only that but then when they're gone away to serious that probably would interfere with their transition transmission by the way speaking of transmission is our buddy coming today for that awful Logo test car. I don't want to say lumina Haven't heard but as far as I know oh, man. I don't want it, you know Saying thing bad about the lumina because the price was right but boys that a car is that a car that's a question It's 1027 a WIO deal 610 WIO I know that the Lord even loves neo Rogers it's time for another more music television history Minute for the MMDD host Jeremy so like this Friday is good Friday and I did some research on why they call it that at it turns out It was actually like a really crummy day well for Jesus anyway. I mean how would you like it if you woke up one morning and you're feeling kind of bloated because you ate this really big suffer the night before And all you want to do is like kick back and maybe watch a few videos and then some Roman gladiators burst into your room and a rescue and you're like Hey gladiators what gifts and they're like wow We need you to carry this big wooden cross of a hill so you carry the cross of the hill and then you go so like do you need me for anything else? Because I'm feeling kind of bloated and they go well Yeah, now we have to nail you to the cross and you're like oh right then like why did I carry it up here? Because if I know me we're gonna nail me to it. I never would have done it So then they nail you to the cross and it's like really embarrassing because you're almost totally naked Except for this weird baggy loincloth and everyone can look up and see your business I you know they're looking and then like you die and that's what they call good Friday And I'm like I don't think so. I mean personally I've had like way better days. Okay. This has been an MMDD history Minute history is so cool And it's like they keep making more of it all the time MMTV or history rocks Okay 1032 a WIOD happy Friday. Why do I say uh, unhappy good Friday? I don't know It's one of those very ambiguous holidays like you're I'm careful you don't say happy you I'm kipper It's a day of a tumour when everybody's supposed to be said and eat a lot of yellow putting it look at pictures of Bill Cosby naked I mean you'd be sad to look at it that So it's good Friday the day that he was put on the feeling a little cross et cetera and so on I thought he said he was going to rise in three days Isn't Sunday are you starting to make trouble again? Are you making trouble? He spit he spoke in tongues Something about tongues House Todd tongue in doing by the way. So I just picture his pictures at the pizza law Todd tongue in and Don sure was at the game last night And I do believe that's the first time the issue monster has ever been in a panther game We lost I could be wrong, but I think haven't been at the overwhelming majority of them in these last almost four years now I think that's the first time the shoes man has ever been there and we just stuck to join out sorry Don the Don is pissed Here's South Miami. Hello. I want to know yes, sir. When is deus? Listen to QAM the other day at Ed Caplin He had a Tom jico on yes, they were talking about you and your show Yeah talking about how it was better when the bird was on oh, yeah And they were talking about that old geezer, Lester Greencher Is he deck is he dead? See I wish I wish that Tom and all his cronies would understand nobody cares about the track okay. Nobody cares And Ed with Ed what did you hear what I just said No, he Tom jico's whole life has degenerated into a thing about Tom and his racetrack buddies and if you're not one of his racetrack buddies Which I'm not then all of a sudden he used to be great when you were but now you're an asshole Well Ed was saying that there's a good possibility that you're gonna join him there on QAM did he say that? Yep, how does he know that is you got crystal balls? I guess he's a buddy buddy with mr. Greg Reed yeah And can you play the glint hill disease a bit? No problem. Thanks boy. Okay, see you Tom time jico do it a voice They're all fishing around they're all fishing around. I personally love it. You know what I'm saying? I'm not really sure so what Caplin is spreading rumors in Tom jico's spreading rumors I'll tell you something man is nothing like good rumors rumors rumors Peter Boulder was a normal man with a new bride a lovely home and a cushy mode profile job Normal that is until just three weeks ago Peter is that you of course How is the traffic? Hi Peter Boulder is suffering from when hill disease Our current sense is through my vote Peter Are you okay Peter? Fine everything's fine Just great Glen hill disease is a nervous disorder similar to me or Rogers disease but even more debilitating Peter, you're eating it's Friday night you know what that means call me mr. curious Oh god are you a man or a bird? Don't let this pathetic creature become a bird brain send your contribution today and help us find a cure Oh don't do that. Why not we need the egg George is all forever going to bird back 1036 and W.Y.O.G All right, that's our poll question today. Would you rather have the bird back or the new news guy? You're already answered at the other day not even a contest. I'd rather go on the spaceship. Yeah, he says he'd rather eat yellow pudding with bill Cosby With bill Cosby's private parts inside that's what he'd rather do than ever hear that news guy again William Jennings Robert Schwartz Billy Bob the third that guy is a piece and a lot of you people out there love him Which goes to show ya Here's a mobile and four-laterdale hello Good morning Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you know what the cult model was there's always room for yellow That's right I vote for the news guy. I like him like his personality Okay, and listen I want to recommend you if you credit that you can say that with a straight post man All the credit in the world for that. I want to recommend you've been working many a book for for a while God there's another one out there can get them and your local book for a call history of God by Karen Armstrong Yes, excellent book Karen Armstrong Yes, Karen Armstrong she was 20 years in the as a nurse as a a nun and get a lot of research a lot of facts a lot of Realistic things and people can actually look into and Bottle the reasoning and it's called one history of God Okay, Karen Armstrong Hey, I love you man. Have a good one and back to you God bless you Okay, open line of day six two two nine four six three. It's the God bull crap. Oh, yes, they all believe in the God bull crap and 80% of us They're going to heaven If Chris that can's his dancing naked that night I'm gonna go with you. Who do you want to see him from the next Downey was pretty good back in the days when Merve Griffin used to have my net show all the time Over and over again. What about what that was all about how's Merve Griffin doing down there in the abahamas Probably making millions of there is a guy you got it. You know whether you like him or not and quite frankly he's pretty boring But whether you like her or not I mean him or not Merve Griffin has made a trun a tremendous amount of money with no talent I'm not talking about with minimal talent and yes, he did he was the brains behind wheel of fortune and Jeopardy and a bunch of other shows which for some reason have made billions of dollars billions not millions probably billions Everyone wheel of fortune was on with Chuck Swillery and They used to go shopping and they always had those those ceramic Dalmatians on there Oh man was that show a job even the japs never saw bomb like that Speaking of japs by the way I wonder how our good personal friend is doing today You know which one I'm talking about we have an open line in date 622 9463622 Wild 2 on the out of town lines which is the audio net lines the worldwide wicked weblines the Palm Beach lines and One triple eight four seven four nine four six three one eight eight four seven four Wild let's hear about base side. Let's hear about Aaron K our new nighttime hostress from nine to midnight It was your debut last that we'd want to be two judge mental after just one evening on the air, but I'll make an exception in this case Why did she do that did anybody hear it? Did anybody hear it go a pop pop pop pop pop pop pop out the fact that she's sleeping with a consultant and I just By name no less Which more power to them? I mean who the hell cares, but it just it raises this gigantic question in your mind of Objectivity When you're sleeping with somebody who's making programming decisions and maybe you're sticking the joint out And not doing what you ought to be doing are they gonna say hey by the way you're sure we need stuck tonight You ought to be doing something different than they've crap you did on here to you know what I'm saying you don't Here's a Jupiter. Oh, let's go there. Hello good morning. Yes, sir. How are you today sir? Great we're on our way to Jupiter right now in a spaceship Hey, go on my head more shovel a minutes ago in North Lake Boulevard. Yes, sir 24 Adam two truck loads of brand new Red white and black Corvette. Wow I'm telling you my this is at more this is at Morrison this is at Morrison. We're gorgeous. Let me sit again. This is at Morrison Palm Beach though, right? Yeah, on North Lake Boulevard North Palm Beach right? Right. I mean to tell you that is a beautiful car And I would have to assume that all these cars that have been brought in now have been You know what if the problem was in the ass end right? I would hope they're fixed right Man, I'm gonna tell you that is a gorgeous car. It is a gorgeous got we got mine back yesterday It's a matter of fact, and I'm just looking it and loving it and laughing it and just I think I'm gonna sleep in it Even if it rides like a Cadillac right? Yeah, I'm starting to get used to that there's nothing wrong with a lot of a Cadillac I love you man. Hey, can you do me one Anything you want palettes? I'll request good Friday. Okay. How about that Donald Duck getting it? Okay God bless you See, what is that called yours? That's the the duck Donald Duck. But is it in there? Yes, oh, it is yes. Oh my god Oh Donald Duck plays marbles 1041 a WIOD no bull prices. That's what they said by the way before we get into our friends at university Dodge what we eat in today? Good Friday. This is the ultimate test on good Friday when so many people are working when so many places are closed There is mail today, right? Is there mail today? The banks are open. I know that are some of my close friend Matt this morning nice to see a mat But he was naked in there too is amazing. That's why I'm in such a good mood. Well, is the mail doing today or they doing the mail I think only the stock at all. Thank god the markets close today after yesterday Point down another 6,000 points. I'd be a little depressed Markets close today and a lot of people are out of work and of course this joint is closed like a a vault like a tomb But I would think restaurants are why did everybody's doing their things? They just a few assholes out there got today off Like to people around here because everybody on your own kipper is Jewish Anybody on good Friday is a very very far-bistered a guy two open lines on the green lines Palm Beach, etc. 1 AAA 4 7 4 9 4 6 3 what would we be in today huh? I don't want that wings and curl stuff because it's very very good, but it's just a bad well at Lannick City Substit call yesterday. Oh will they come today? Yeah, and bring me a nice platter of like meat and the cheeses and stuff like that As in holy cheeses Well 10 42 a W out is a Your home home train said I was two or three or something and for a lean now She's got me hooked on these I got him from Linda energy my pulses up down Mine Some way program in me afraid How many drugs do I have today? Oh, there's all an out and it's been hard to feed since I saw Linda energy So that my heart's been going wild seems like I want to die Just a kill and hunt vacation Not to mention I forgot just things out peddling drugs all day That drops on weight blood through your brain for doctor has been such a okay A physician gives his name my pulses up down my head spinning all around and round Have this let's for three days now Whoa You know I wish you what is part of yesterday doing that really a tempered performance by a Physician when he called in and I had to keep putting my hold because he was gone Papa papa and wouldn't take a breath But it's very interesting remember the first time when they came in here When they kind of invited themselves to come in it's kind of a tag team Linda and her husband a physician who kind of stood behind her And they were in here sucking around do you remember that and what I call her mother and what a big fan the mother is and how great I am a great it is to maybe and papa papa papa She even put up with the gold over to Denny's for lunch to come in here and have the honor of meeting me because I'm so great And now that the warmest turn and she got canned which none of us have got anything to do with because she was on a way out Anyway, we understand but now that you got canned now all of a sudden yesterday's on here. Well, Pakistan oughta take you off the air and yeah Exactly, so one day I was great and because I don't like fan fan and because I also don't like sarcotic bitches Calling up on Rick and says calling me Admiral a Perry in the rear or whatever it was Then I'm a bad guy now in packs and you'll give me off here because I'm violent discussing and grow test and mentioned in salt women and in salt women of course We weren't insulting women how about him and see a woman oh? Oh, here's a pompano hello Neil yes sir happy. Oh, it's so good Friday. Okay, Mr. Ood Hey listen, I don't know if you already talked about it Because you notice that all those Colt members all had Nike's pushes on yes, I did wow. I think it's some kind of conspiracy Yeah, hey listen Maybe when they wind up on serious they're gonna be Nike's books. Maybe they got there Maybe they have their future paid for already never thought about that did you? And on everywhere you go and the every part of the universe they've got their testicles and tentacles reached out there and if you get to serious Nike is a swoosh knit up there Yeah, they probably have some basketball net. I would be surprised of Calvin Klein's running spots up there too. Yeah, hey, listen the other day when What's the guy's name from the heat day of Albert Stein? David Halberstein Albert Stein Well, or by the way Michael Mayo's got another big column in the Sun Sentinel this morning Not a mention again another opportunity today to say something about his interpret behavior to live up to the promise that he made on a Air here and he didn't do it didn't do it not a mention of how he wishes he wouldn't have written that last line and David shouldn't be fart Not a mention nice going Michael But anyway, hey, well listen when they came down with that fine on channel 7 they've been mentioned in not once but twice But Ricky Tiki wasn't on that night, so I guess it's just a channel 7 things long. He says do that Yeah, but in honor of Ricky since we were so pissed off out on the other day and always Can you play like Rick Sanchez things or maybe drunk and Rick Sanchez driving or whatever that is? I think you need a play all of them maybe all of the above. I was just thinking that maybe all of the above might be good All right, okay have a great day, pal. I take it easy. Bottom's up. We have an open line a day by the way speaking of Calvin Klein page three of the Harald that they would say usually don't read the through arrow. There isn't ad Almost naked young people was something for everybody. There is a very fine looking young lady although race Huh? What is it outrageous? Yeah, and there's a much prettier young man Now he's not that good really from the neck down. He's pretty good with the Calvin Klein stuff on Underwear that's right. They're there in underwear That got there underwear is on and I bet you the president's gonna have something to say about that pretty soon if he ever gets up out of that chair He's pissed off. It was outrageous is right Calvin Klein. You got some nerve exploiting these young people under the ages of 45 I think you should have to show ID to model for those ads Cuz God only knows what kind of purverts might be looking at him like me. You've seen him on channel 7 News first as a two bit reported now as a two bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Faye Baker and Mary K. Combine Rick Sanchez You Here are the dulcent tones of the man who brought you crime check Rick Sanchez Oh Sanchez Don't miss Rick Sanchez in his pasty face tour over Ohio It's one show you all want to miss take for a good one Rick Sanchez he loves his audience How many was singing your one in a million was he singing that to his bride or that guy in the a car They got that he hit with a car the one that died. Here's the four-laterdale hello Four-laterdale gone oh man what a bad piece of news. Are you there? Yes, yes, sir. How are you okay? First I'm caller one of the congratulations on your 21 years I believe it is or 20 years 20 500. Yeah 21 I don't know how you do it I really don't this come with toast down. I know how you do it It's unbelievable and those fans last night if they call themselves fans unbelievable Me me what they're leaving the stadium. I love Excuse me. I left after the second period. Oh, I couldn't believe it. Why not? Well, they actually came out Me. I want to refund. Okay, I'd get out of here. I got a whole bunch of the third period they stunned play They were pathetic they were but they did come back and I don't know how but they did they didn't come back What what came where you watching in the last two minutes they got two meaningless goals Like I said before the final score could have been 600 and nothing for the same difference Okay, don't try to tell me because it was three to two that the score is indicative of anything It was a terrible game they play it was horrendous and it was got a pretty nice young team there They played okay, but man we were just grow task Grow task It was it was I'd like that nicest sister Eddie got on the first out of a goal by the way. I'm telling you I pass Eddie Tom Cherski. Thanks you Eddie He's killing us man. He's killing us and then of course the coach keeps putting them out there in a power play What is he gonna get the message? When are you gonna get it Dougie? He stinks? I'm telling you I couldn't believe it just couldn't believe the game. Yeah, but I did stay for the end I was right I suffered through it, but I did stay well. I didn't and I make no apologies for it And I saw the rest of it on TV and I was very I was delighted that I had left No traffic that drove the ride home was a pleasure and it was a real love fly-op But I listened to a Aaron K on her debut show last night. Yeah, I heard her on the way home too and it was Her topics were they didn't end risk me. Yeah, it's like run around and maybe run around sometimes if things are something's funny about them Sometimes it's not maybe they're can be consultable like it or some hot topics Yeah, it depends on how you know just depends on the topic whatever it is It's like that which yeah, I'll go go to FM but very seldom okay Enjoy listening to you every day. I turn all my friends on to you and that's basically it I thank you so much. Enjoy listening to you. Thanks a lot, pal. All right, you have a great day. Have a great life. Okay Hi, bye bye, and I still wrote a dog apologize for leaving early So is Atlantic City Sub's coming with a great lunch for us today. George he asked and George is talking how kind of training We have an open line at Broward 7679463 767 Wild and a piranhas on a town lines Wild Hey, I wanted to talk with Neil about the cult people. Yes The thing that I thought was a funny story about it was The guide it was the ring leader. I heard this today the guy that was their ring leader to collect it all the money Yeah, he did himself off to yes, that's not the way it's supposed to work Of course now what a dummy he was he supposed to take all the money cash to Jackson leave down What a douchebag. What an asshole. Yeah, amen Okay, we have a look at that phone thinning out right now Really looking pretty weak. We were smoking here this first hour. We were smoking denim and lights And thank you Eric and Orlando by the way for the package He includes in the package five diamonds and silver wrappers which are not the in the black wrappers that are real real strong That are gut renters these are much milder, etc. And so on and thanks for the enclosure as well Eric Eric and Orlando we love you and that's et cetera Open line in date six two two W I O D a parent Broward On good Friday, no less than we got two open lines and Broward everybody's off work today We're just a like a quote oh no oh no oh no 2020 24 weeks ago We got consolidated Downs I just death and trims you the boat All right, let's make what they did They forgot about Phil Henry and let the sex fish go Didn't get the doff and run the end didn't show and what about vocabulary Medici and default oh no oh no oh oh are you sure 2020 four weeks ago We were in corporate The melon red tape out of good room about our house. Can't trade it Let's ship without a rudder Loading out to see no one in control creating at our heat A red headed stepchild in the packed and family oh no oh no oh 2020 2020 four weeks ago We were in car serene punching a time clock before we go home suicide was contemplated They bought a payment station with national acclaim and shoot away the talent They ought to be ashamed and now they'll close the doors and you know who's to blame oh no Bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad we been my vaccinated Bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad We didn't Yeah, what are you doing 11-04 WOD happy good Friday to a lot of people got today off today and they're very very grateful for this day for whatever was see if you're grateful for this day What does that mean? Because then it's like being sadistic that somebody got nailed up on a cross Of course if he wouldn't have got up nailed on a cross, there wouldn't be no goyum anyway, so what's what's uh what can it hurt? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Neil yes, sir. How you doing today great? Neil Yesterday we were there you know I was I'm fortunate enough to have this seat I ran in front of you by the way and I like to know do they encourage fighting because I was talking to my partner and I said away you know Talk about Paul out right and all the time we were talking about it. He starts fighting is that encouraged at the hockey game Is it encouraged by home? By the coach to be an enforcer Because he might get sent a fight once again. Yeah, you know I'm gonna tell you something I met Paul on Saturday In between periods of the game Buffalo game and he had a shake hands with his left hand because his right hand was so mangled And I thought to myself this guy's gonna be out for a long time and I'm watching the fight last night And he's hitting the guy with his right hand. Did you notice that? Yeah, and I'm thinking how the hell is he doing this? What is going on here? Was like two minutes into the game and he's pounded the crap out of this guy Right right out and let we was whimpered I'm gonna win right exactly Right right But it's no but do they have it the each team having a enforcer Well usually Usually like a high domey or a Tony twist or a Mike Paloo source or some a goon, you know Paul knows it's not a goon, but he's he likes to fight Lexington in the box you can't get into too much trouble out there when you're cool in your heels in the box Exactly, you do the eight men saw for me the one the eight man eight man. Yeah, okay See a pal by the way. I got an eight man We have an open line in the Broward at 767 9463 767 W iod I wonder where Troy has a Braccombe ache What we haven't played this in a cool stage, you know what? Did he say age when this quote a back it's lonely He likes receiveers better wise Braccombe Some people say that number ages game boy I A He goes down on his knees a Men It's guys. He likes to please a Hickman He loves to slap cowboys on their behind He's got a spotless reputation A American steam is world renowned But his Troy game I've heard some people say I have no right in the heart of he goes down Eight men He goes down on his knees a man I came some balls to squeeze a Man Don't live him cause he likes it from the Waco What about seven W i do you see that big thing in the local section in the a newspaper today one of the two papers were it said Oh, kind of interesting. I thought here's a cutler-ray jello Hey Neil yes, sir. Hey. I was watching a game of chess for channel last night. Yes Why do I turn down and apparently the Ottawa senator took a stick back from the seven-year-old girl Do you know what stories behind that? They took a stick back from a 70-year-old girl all I know is that Murphy threw his stick up at the end of the game and hit a girl in a head with it Oh, that would have deal. I don't know. Oh, okay. Oh, no, there was another that's right I read about that there was another thing to in the game were Somebody wanted his stick back. Well one moment please. Let's see. It says it says Oh, it's in a Harold. I'll find it. I'll find it. That's that's low. What was low? That was low Taking the stick back. Well, he wanted his stick back Would you guy cry about it? Yes, he did figures Hey, put on Gordon Murphy wasn't that pretty crappy true getting pissed off and throw the stick up in a crowded bounces around and hit that 11-year-old girl in the head She had to go to the hospital and a big bump on her thing. I missed that one. Yeah, so he bad name Gordy Hey, where's that new um Wolfie's that and conjunction to the saw grass saw grass Staying when you saw grass. No, it's here in Hollywood. Oh Hollywood right off 95 it's a mile west of 95 You take the shirt and street exit go west young man. It's right there. It's right by our studios here Oh, okay, we could throw a rock from here to there Okay, well if we're here about let me know okay about that's it all check it out. It's in this thing. See Yeah, it's in the uh, I'll find it. I'll find it here. Where's my Harold? I mean, we actually had a Harold out there by the front door this morning and the reason I got there Old is because there was nobody here So I said, all right there's nobody here and they won't hide our Harold and here's the Harold dammit They're probably pissed off that we actually got our own Harold. Where is the sports section here it is with this real real ugly Jim Currier With his tennis thing and elliptid we don't care about tennis. Oh, man is it boring Stop with the tennis Oh, what is this I didn't even see this very Jackson rights. Oh, man. Thank you so much So let me get to his question first frustration for Panthers. Let's see one of Murphy sticks And I think when you continue the article on the inside is where it talks about one of the Oya Van Allen Which they just got they just picked him up out of one and anyway it had asked for his his stick back as he headed for the penalty box He headed for the penalty box and one of the fans got a hold of his stick. I wonder if they gave him another one Well, who knows? So what kind of rumors is very Jackson writing here this morning? In the sports out here what's very writing this morning? He got off the couch here is he just a big fat potato this morning. Oh, wow, what a what a pilot turd he is Do a W Q a m's a CJ siless resigned Thursday. She was unhappy about being replaced by Jim Mendes on W Q a m's evening talk show like she's an illegal demanded that pitch. I mean, is she out of her mind or what? All this stuff about great women on a radio. I mean, Brooke is fine. You know, Brooke is very nice a little on the Jappy side, but very nice could lose a couple of pounds, but this business is obsession with having women on the air People for the most part don't want to hear women talk show host and especially talking about sports And how what where did the decum from is that like Neil God did they put the D from God in Rogers? Can't even spell my name Barry come on With W I would ease Neil Rogers having turned down W Q a m's offer to host 10 a.m. to book Shambi will be traveling with a Marlins Neither host will be in South Florida at times Okay, well, I'm glad I'm sure glad we got that all straightened out very very Jackson you want the straight dope You'll get it from Barry man. He's got a whole supply there for it. Here's West Kendall. Hello Good morning now. When is Dia? How are you sir? Great. And listen, you know about three months ago my wife's hair started falling Out in clumps really we couldn't figure it out. Oh, yeah, she had a you'll burn her thing going and we we looked around We decided to I said I wonder for could be that damn fence and this is before any you know More than probably yeah, and it was the fence and her hair fell out. I mean it was amazing Fell right out in clumps Yeah I saw her add him a new time and here to me your wife had an ad another Bimbo another blonde Bimbo Cache and who knows nothing about dieting and less about these drugs Non-vlogs never had a weight problem and admit that and has no training in it but nevertheless Things that all those fat slabs the rather look like her. You know I heard the interview I don't want to look like her. I heard the interview you did with her husband. Yes, and it reminded me of these people that try to take on like Wallace Wasn't it it wasn't an interview was a psychotic phone call or wasn't an interview? I want again Exactly right, but I mean you had I mean this guy was just backpabbling and backpabbling and had nothing Now are you talking about the first call he made or the one yesterday? No the first call okay now the first one you'll notice how he said he would love to be my physician and get me slimming And he was stuck in a way man. He was sucking around heavy duty now that his wife got can't number one And number two I'm on here talking about what I think about fennfin which I hated and I'm reading a lot of articles That say a likewise that it's bad now all of a sudden I'm a bad guy and perhaps not a fire my ass And I shouldn't be on the ear and I'm disgusted. I mean, you know you can't have it both ways Mr. A right Well, the position when you got done with them I felt sorry for the guy. I mean the guy just came out I mean he had nothing Everybody who asked him a question the guy was tap dancing like Sammy Davis Jr. Yeah, I mean the guy was all over the state Sammy and dancing to well anymore right That's what these people Yeah, what the fennfin thing is all about bad stuff Don't take it and not only that, but this business about you gonna have to take it on and off for the rest of your life I'm sorry the idea of losing the weight for most of us is to get rid of the pills get rid of the high blood pressure medicine Get rid of the diabetes medication get rid of the pills any doctor who's I mean, that's what it's add Absolutely right good at acting book people and why's up? Okay, thanks now see you We have it open line in date 6 2 2 9 4 6 3, but I gained my weight back on the edge and so I could have any credibility Big stick and deal how many people out there are fat never gained in lost and lost and gained how many? I don't know anybody I've never met one But I gained it back so therefore that must prove that it's a bad diet and then he goes on to say that Most people on any diet gained their weight back anyway and when it comes back goes just go on to pills again great Halei Lua So my pulse can like my heart can like beat out of my chest like bap bap bap bap bap bap Like that I Mean I don't know how everybody else reacts to some of those drugs, but man your heart you can hear your heart going Feels like I want to hop right out of your chest and You're a heart too 11 14 and WOD and a great good Friday, man if you're feeling a little bit cross just stick with us Oh God So we got a good lunch coming. How's that what you said from our friends at Atlantic City subs? Why do I why can I never remember their name? You just did no I know I did I did just now, but I'm just saying we're nearly I have a very hard Atlantic city subs That's not very common. Maybe it's because I have a mental block on Atlantic City because I hate Atlantic City I mean I despise Atlantic City it blows 6 10 WIOT It's the Jenny McCarthy show starring Jenny McCarthy on MVP V Hi look at my boobs You know when MTV first approached me about hosting my own sketch comedy show I said look at my boobs No, seriously look at my boobs look at my boobs Somebody look at my boobs. I'm not joking This is funny anymore I'm waiting Look at my boobs Okay, do you want honey? Help out one of my extreme funny faces Yes Let's That's the Jimmy McCarthy show on MVP Cool in and see some boobs 11 19 and WIOT Oh, the swath would say the worst out of ever been on and it'd been a lot of bad diets and I've also a plug bad diets on your her two Which I guess I should apologize for but hey, you know, it's money we need to make a living Like ultra slim fast that was his sponsor for while and that was drinking those cans at my blood sugar We're still sky high and like I've said before because it's loaded with sugar. It's loaded with carbohydrates And I'd be drinking the whole buttload of those every day and I still wasn't losing any weight and I couldn't figure it out I'm hopping on a scale. I'm still fat as a cow But I would say the worst of all And I must confess my sins on this although, you know, they but you get brainwashed with these things because fat people are desperate people and the desperate people are the dead people And at any rate new tris system that to me putrid system to me was just outrageous Because they would come and or you would go to their joint and pick out a whole bunch of these silly little portions of make-belief food all made from all kinds of synthetic and artificial Loaded with carbohydrates and chemicals, too, of course And they would give you a week supply which I would eat in like it about two hours No, because they're all like they're all refined carbohydrates Mostly like little pasta things that you make in a microwave and you eat one of them and all of a sudden Stimulate your appetite and your ravenous and you discover that you're eating like a whole bunch of this stuff And even if you are losing weight on it, you're like getting nauseous for me and crap And then when you finish eating all that crap all this artificial box prepackaged wreck, what do you do then? And you weren't even paying for that stuff for you. No, it's very expensive. Oh, I know that Don't know if they were bringing me a whole crap load full luck. I said when you were supposed to be in one And the portions even a pericate can't eat a portion like that I mean, is that realistic? Is that a sensible way to lose weight? Not to mention of course all those people I don't want to suggest you know that there's a correlation I did have my gallbladder out by the way. I just thought I mentioned that in passing Remember that deal Lots of people raven problem with gallstones which may have just been a coincidence I'm not making no accusations here, but I sure had to remember those great days in the hospital in Mount Sinai Four days I do believe or whatever was I thought it was gonna die. I thought it was all over I thought it was going to serious. I kept saying get cereal Because this oh man and fat rates it out the piece of cake. They'll just reach in there and youank it out I said how about the gallbladder? So well, that's another story Oh brother was that a bad bad time in Mount Sinai? I thought I was I thought I'd had it. I could barely breathe I could barely here is a plantation. Hello Good morning, yes sir. I'm caller okay. I like call four people do you spag okay Well, it's a given the give us the numbers and they will call them one at a time We have an open line in Broward 767 9463 So I mean if you want to call somebody a douche bag go to their house. Don't even do it on a phone go to their house Not kind of door. It's a hey Joe you're a freaking douche bag We'll scrape your ass up off the side walk don't worry about it show some balls for once in your life It's not trying to use me as a conduit for the fact you don't have any Man, oh man. I have no line exactly Here's Miami on a mobile hello Good morning, Neil. Wayne is to you I don't want to talk about how bad the pants is for past one of my dinas. See I'd like my leastie mode Shaman's the crest and honor of good Friday. How about how to can rag Vatican rag I'd be happy to wipe it up for you All right, thank you, and have a real happy and God bless you. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line on the A mobile on purple line pound iod we have one in date 6229463 Great respect Do whatever steps you want if you have clear them with the content everybody say is on curial It's on doing the running Yeah In line in that procession, I'll step into that small confessional There look guy who's got religion. I'll tell you if your sins are original if it is Try playing it safer train the wine and chew the way for two or six eight times the transfer special 1124 WIOD are topic today farting in church. I'm good Friday Here's West Palm Beach, hello I'm sorry, call him cues right now exactly. Hey, uh, did you see a sports industry story about the fighting in the Tell no I did not is that the new one yeah, is I just got it in the middle yesterday But I haven't opened it yet in the magazine either I forget the guy's name with the capitals, but he left the sport because that and uh, he just claimed that It's a big insult if a coach ever told the guy to go out they knew what their job was to be a goon Well to go and even even something I'll be the score yeah, but He said the easy quiz because the coach tapped my soul that go get that guy right Both of those that just doesn't happen where the coach You know have to say something to the guy So that's you know the guy after earlier about fighting if they wanted it they may want it But uh, I'll be honest with you. It gets very ponderous to me and you know once in a while I like for example that Colorado Detroit game two nights ago Now that was because you knew they had extra security there and this was to get even game for what happened in a playoff Last year, you knew what was gonna be a bloodbath and then when when the two gooys when Mike Fernand and Patrick Frog got into it That was just amazing and then when Darren McCarty was beaten the crap out of Claude LeBue who deserved it and then some I mean that was that was exciting But most of these so called fights is a lot of tugging and grabbing and guys swinging at air and It gets old it gets really old and these people like it all excited they're getting up and screaming It's you know, it's it's the rubber necker mentality again. You know people want to see a car wreck It's you know it doesn't give us some of black out of people who we know with otherwise maybe go see if you got knowledgeable fans They know that that's not what the game is all about they know that the the really good for example You got a guy in Buffalo like Matthew Barnaby who's a very tough guy in fights, but he also sucks guys And a lot of stupid penalties because he gets them pissed up They think he's gonna fight and then he just you know he just stands there and sucks guys in a lot of penalties But he's a tough guy and capable of fighting but he's also a great skater and a great playmaker in a tremendous score He's a real player as opposed to these goons like Tony twist who can't play their way out of a paper bag It all like Newspaper out there and be to crap out of somebody I'll kneel for these guys. I didn't get to the game my fight But who are these guys that every call that we could call us? They chat to the ref. I mean that sounds horrible. You know something. Oh, I'm so glad that you mentioned that there It's in one 24. It's right next to where we used to sit in one 25 and there's the one guy up there I'm afraid it's that rat guy, which I thought he was a pretty good guy And he's the cheerleader. He's got all these guys. Hey, ref you suck and they do it even after the referee made an obvious call And it makes us seem like such a bunch of cry babies and no nothings I mean I hate to break the news to Panther fans, but yes our guys do commit infractions and do deserve penalties at times And sometimes you get the most obvious penalty in the world. Hey, ref you suck And I'm thinking oh come on. It's embarrassing already I mean I love the sound of our build-in T. He we've got a really loud building right right But when they do that it's just like you know 124 needs some help. They need some help over there get a life stop being a bunch of lemons over there get a life But then he had a little funny last night after they got them they get to him pretty loud when When after we have time we one time and then he said god I remember here in that I feel really really I might have to play that have a great day, pal. Okay, one quick thing. Yes, sir I was sick at the bottom. That's what the baffle game couldn't make out sick as watching TV I was like the lyrics because I saw sick But O. J was on a show called the he to the night. Yeah, and he was called kid college to avoid violence on that and at the end of the move at the end of the show Yeah, it's been a couple years or five years of trouble But he gets his next foot with a serious knife Really no kid all right, but hey, me. I've never heard young Neil Okay, well, let's not spoil it. Have a great weekend. I'm a college dick. Okay. Bye. See ya. Oh 1127 a W. I. O. D. Who needs bull 610 Diody My Work fair experiment You man was a bit of a talk to miss for a hey what's eating? Cowboy dick hey Look a rose. There's nothing like a little cow boy dick. I screwed I love something. I've got a craving. Yeah, well, how about some cowboy dick? All the cow girls love my cowboy dick And I should know cuz I'm cowboy dick. I like my cowboy dick with some nuts No problem partner Introducing cowboy dick with not so big you can hardly wrap your lip crown My onions love cowboy dick Man, I'm feel your posse with my cowboy dick. Oh cowboy dick. Here try How is it? I can't talk my mouth is full of cowboy dick She's smiling she smiling and feel your mouth with my cowboy dick Available in your grocery freezer Once you had your first cowboy dick you won't ever go back with your fill with cowboy dick You'll scream Sounds like Doug McCloud out there in Phoenix with the coyotes leaves in coyotes 11 one tire last night by the way pretty coma inducing 11 32 a W. I Od so thanks again a gene and Jack Lebo and all my friends down there a tropical Chevrolet How do you say thank you to people who treat you so well that it's almost embarrassing? Just brought me back my new purple 96 Corvette not new but the oh well, I might as well be new. It's pretty damn nice thing And fix the window on there so we can do the old up and down and took away my aluminum dammit Oh gee, I'm gonna miss that thing. God I told you and I said it is with great and deep sorrow and regret that I turned back to you the keys to that beautiful 1997 Chevy Lumina What a piece of oh So now we got the Corvette quarterly. That's got the whole story which I've already a nice I'll look at that look who's here Oh this ought to be a really careful reunion. I better not say who it is on the air Can I say it's a net on the air or not better not? Are you over any other building already or water We just come by to see us I'm good Friday. Well, isn't it a pleasure or breath of pleasure to see you a net from the coast and hot 105 is here Sitting in Georgia's lap as I speak Getting in her lips Here's a West Palm Beach, hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, about that play last I've shown that out and he hooked or he slashed somebody and he popped a stick So my cuff I guess realizing the panthers were gonna go in a power play to the very smart thing picked up the guy's stick and threw it into the Stand anyone in the back It wants us to go in a power play. Yeah the way that looked last I'm glad my 10 year old son already understood what a power play one was very difficult I'm gonna explain to him the panthers on the power play last night right Exactly, I don't think Eddie understood it. Oh, who is often I sit over one 26 and I'm glad you're talking about these 24 80 that manatee that sits in the back row up there. Yeah, absolutely and the loser stuff I just want to throw some yeah, but I'm afraid you know and all those people and there's I see it's like the people in my section if one guy starts throwing peanut shells Then like about 10 of them like a bunch of children They they they're all these people are lemons They don't have an original thought and they're brain and it's the same over there You'll notice every time they yell out anything Lose her you got a hundred people in that section yell and loser if they start with this crap about hey, ref you suck It's like a high school bunch of crap, but it's bush league It's bush league We got EST and two Saturday night for that game. I want to just come wear a bag or something I'll allow we had a CBC here a hockey night and Canada on the last Saturday for the Elise game We go Saturday and they're out there hey, ref you suck and I'm thinking oh, brother. This is really gonna impress these guys Okay, nice to talk to you Neil. Thanks a lot pal We have an open line in the other town line one triple eight four seven four nine four six three one eight eight eight four seven four nine four six three Here's Miami wait a minute that ain't it here it is hello Miami Buenos dias He's got a sock over it We have an open line in Broward 767 9463 767 Wiod here's North Miami Beach, hello Hello, yes, sir. Neil. I appreciate your talent. I'm a listener for a long time and I'd like to make a shameless request of the quiz Yes, sir. How much keep your pants on Jimmy? Don't got it oh, don't you? It's long gone. I know I thought it would be short. Somebody got their pants going yesterday. Yeah Thank you very much. I appreciate the courtesy. Okay, sorry pal. No problem. See you We're going by some new ones. We'll go out there and see our friend at Peter Ken. We have an open line in days He how's he doing six two two Wiod six two two nine four six three so I got two cars that both work now How do you like that? Oh, thank the Lord See it's good Friday. I told you miracles happen. I'm good Friday. Did not you don't want to believe me? Just sit back in the eat to putting in the apple sauce and cut the crap Oh, this insanity one of the gonna just say these people are crazy all this religious cockah this superstition this garbage Why because people there's one answer they can't deal with death. That's the whole deal. Oh, we're not gonna die We're gonna go to our better life on serious and we're serious. That's the worst part. We be serious Oh Give me a break already. Well, yeah nice outfits though. I'll say that Very kind of like the I hate should I say about the Mormons? You know how they all have those outfits very kind of medicinal looking very clean Preppy minutes a little looking with the white shirt in the tie That's how these people were very a medicinal they probably don't smell to medicinal now There she is, huh? They all had brand new nikes. No, well, I had to show this wish. Here's plantation. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Neil. Yes, hey, just want to say they guy had juvenile skis on bum. Yeah And they should have treated when they had a chance you're right your right pal when everybody in the league thought he was really a hot shot Now they're all on to him. I guarantee you that yeah Yeah, he he he he give it away again And he he's killing us kill on us He just just said an invention play the right them, you know exactly. Hey guys on bum Well, thanks for the good news. Okay. We have an open line of brother That was a pair of gust of sin by the way calling in once back in the lineup Open line in Broward 7679 463 767 W out to come on any grow up here will ya It's not personality we like you you're a good guy never stole a freight train not even in Windsor But come on let's get with it. Let's got me every time he's out there. It's personally on the power plan He just gasped you hold your breath from to do something totally unacceptable and he didn't let us down last night Nice assist there and I had first out of a goal at he beauty Here's Bell Harbor hello Hey, Neon how you doing great. Hey, we were saying before about those religious people I think they're all bunch of freaks. Yeah, and You know what's related difference between the call to religious all the same It's all about your bull crap. It's all hoax, pocus and superstition amen sir Can you play syphilist flu for me? Yes, I can and I'll see you on serious. Thanks, buddy. Okay, bye Open line and Dave what did the hell that you want syphilist who what kind I'm good Friday this guy calls you or wants me to play syphilist who Is my story said but true I like Oh I Now 1139 and Wildy 21 till noon on a great good Friday. It's painless There wasn't I mentioned people dr was in the building this morning didn't have to be here I'm sure but he's got his nose to the grindstone. He's got his nose to what needs to work on it and Guess who else was in the building briefly today? There you go Told me the real story. Well, I don't want to get into that. You're a matchman about that business, you know Here's a lady in Delray Beach, hello Yes, man. Hi, that's he in Delray. How you doing? I'm fine. Thanks. I heard something the other night that kind of reminded me of our mutual Alarmist friend Rick Sanchez and I thought you might enjoy it. Okay. I was up at a bar and hope sound Harry and the native savior for them there No, okay. Well, it's the I consider it the hurricane anthem for 1997. It's called premature evacuation double Doppler kiss my ass Yeah, would you like a copy of it? I'd love it fantastic. I'll send it to you if you give me your address 3000 North 28 terrorists Okay, Holly Wood Florida. Okay 3 302 oh Great you're gonna love it. Okay. He's just a local guy and he's fantastic. All right. He's got the good work Neil. Thanks. We'd all okay Bye bye. Bye bye. Okay, and the finds some nice Easter eggs find some of those Russell's over ones the chocolate ones filled with that cream filling Wasn't bad enough that and that was just on George's lap rubbing something now Wayne is in their rubbing your shoulders It's called rub George day Everybody's rubbing it We have an open line and I think it's also called beat Rick Riley over the head with a two by four day. I forgot about that Are they coming in today or they are all of a sudden turning over legit there? That'll be here, right? Do we know It is a paint holiday by the way Ron and Ron were here this morning had a great show this morning. What got into you guys? Great show this morning Paul always the hysterical hysterical I was peeing in my pants. I was this guy's been holding back. I'm telling you And I want to apologize for the intent for thing. I mean he is a puts, but he's funny funny guy You don't want to see him believe me. Don't ever want to see Paul. Oh nobody even his wife don't want to see Paul. Oh he's got a wife. That's frightening. What does she look like? I wonder worse, okay Oh Matt's made in heaven But they had a hell of a show this morning. Maybe an omen here's cried out it here's Carl Springs on a mobile hello And I do and great I sit in section 124 is the most embarrassing thing in the world. We're sitting there I want everybody from 120 for who feels this way to call here today and express yourself This is name is Scotty he's a loser. I can't take it to a woman. Is that the guy who's the rat? Yes, you know You know I'm embarrassed that this guy used to a pretend to be a friend of mine Used to come around and suck around with me and through the playoffs It was where they're rat and you know we we humored him during the playoffs because there was so much excitement with a rat And every time there's a check he screams and cries. Oh I want to put starts on the guy. He my friend of mine lived in Toronto grew up there I gave him my tickets to the week game. Yeah, he said he would never go to another game with me even if I paid him right Because he can't stand that guy. He's like this these guys I think this is June this is even June your hockey the guys and bearish them into the Raptors. They know he knows nothing about hockey he's dragging the rest of the more ones who seem to Lock it into life with them right exactly The quicker out they're gonna be staying the happier wall. Okay, all right, later God bless you Oh, thank God we're getting the 124 people now. Let's get a whole bunch of people from 124 to call in here and tell us God cut the crap already, okay Loser Loser oh what is some of you people gonna grow up? Okay, that may be okay the first two years when it was really boring there We were sticking to join out and just narrowly missed a playoff. Thanks to Roger Nielsen and Joseph Rela and Brian Benning But I mean now after going to the finals last year and maybe learning a little bit about what I sing is and maybe like even a two-line off side Now we're starting to move up into world a little bit a little bit And you people are gonna follow this jackass up there and they're all awful awful Hey, right you suck. I mean after an obvious penalty You know, one of our guys spears this guy takes a stick and just throws it right to the guy's gut It comes out his back. He's spirit him so bad he gets two minutes Hey, right few suck. I mean give me a break Aggrorating and agitating one of these fans ever gonna get with it. We're not gonna play us because they played a crap game last night Okay, they're entitled but the fans you suck. I'd say about 40 50% of the people in that crowd They need lobotomies. They need to give the tickets away to somebody to appreciate what's going on Which ain't them because they're too busy self-aggrandizing with their crap and thank you so much Batman We have two open lines in date 62 2 Wild6 2 29 4 6 3 so what's the story about this air in k who's doing it with our Consultant I'm still in shock. We have no calls about that because evidently nobody heard her last night. Thank god for that She's on here bragging about the fact or belly it can about the fact mean who is somebody holding a gun to her head Making her hang on this guy. I don't get it Our Consultant Walter Sabo she mentions him by name. She's doing him for five years now. She's uh that there There have a relationship is the way it was put Okay fine Now let's talk about something exciting was that ain't it Oh man Aaron K it's it's a passion clones 1145 a Wild the my I took a calls and eat bonnicks Oh They say the future beat right for me now I can't get snow job Cause I don't got no little rithy I was talking like a no need role He finally talked the how this way now I can't do nothing But I heard it say that okay change my name to shoot room Driver do send the code or any kind of like I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars hanging outside the building their bomb Riding the blues about poverty White there was got snow job holy and I got Photobomics give my lot of chains now Got to go in cell mode Racko King Racko King Racko King Racko King Racko King Not anymore the boy is song He bonnicks makes me sound funny Got nothing to do with literacy now I got to make more money Labor boots sounds good to me. I got plenty of nothing He bonnicks ain't getting me anywhere Maybe I'll mucking old white bitch steal a purse and pull her hair Then I gonna take some money by his burial and the fridge is dead I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars hanging outside the building their bomb Riding the blues about poverty White there was got snow job Bobby and Body bonnicks would give my lot of chains now Got to go in cell mode Racko King Racko King Racko King Racko King Racko King Racko King Racko King Racko King Yeah, cut down on those phone calls a little too long there's sweetheart. I'm sorry Talking about the air in K Our new nighttime host is nine a midnight. Give it another chance. Okay. We'll have a night like the other heater plane That's a good Friday the heat are playing on good Friday I think that's a bad bad woman I don't want to spook anybody over there, but it's a bad woman They'll nail the competition make no mistake about it. That's what don't say it David Don't do it you paid your 2500 bucks mind your peasants use just keep your nose clean They're after the jews David just keep that in mind and that Michael Mayo your name is Mosquevitz like my last name is a be-health or Rekha's okay Like my grandmother's name was Solomon and you'd leverage that's how your last name is Mosquevitz or whatever it hello was Michael Mayo man or man Promise right here on your show he made a blood oath to apologize to retract a at least a last sentence in that interpret column call on for his elansements job there I mean it's one thing if you go under and you're calling for Phil Lansman's job That's something else You also fat he's getting by the way Phil elansements getting really punchy. Okay. Don't do it. Don't do it. You used to be a thin guy. I mean now he he looked you know like a human being almost But he's gonna start getting punchy then it'll be poppin those pills. I don't want to say what kind Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great Eddie Eddie whoopstericose Can you tell me when when was when the rock going back? Washburn play last night so did they Maraski? Oh I didn't know they came back. They're Maraski scored the last school. They were one second left. Oh I thought what they okay I just have because you know the rage got that kick to game. Yeah, thank God they're right on our ass by the way Yeah, right on our they're right on our rectum Like every quiz. Yes, sir. Uh pop pop pop pop pop song okay and also Can I go through the do's back? Yes Robert Kurt Bob and hold it much of do's back and what do you think about this Neil later? Okay Not not bad. I guess he's not Puerto Rican later Or is it Mexicans to do that Chicano's pretty prince later now he wouldn't do that. He ain't gonna do it no more We have it open line in date 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 6 2 2 2 W I Come on. Let's join a cult and drink cool a neat yellow pudding Say 54 WPM D. Booker Brian is on the I've tell you one thing the ship and came in this last month He is on the good stuff make no mistake about that he'd be doing it here's for a lot of Dale hello Yes, sir long time. Let's know it's just one of the columns say thanks for all the good news They me I'm heading back to Colorado. Oh, no. Oh, yeah, it's it's home. It's nice to be for me. Okay Just wanted to thank you again. I'm gonna fit to the article with the hockey mask Did you ever get that? Yes, I did enjoy that. Thank you so much I was cutting entertainer say how to Patrick Frog for us to by the way It's finally started to wake up. He's surprisingly the other night. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I got his butt beat. Uh-huh Hey, I just want to say thanks again. I guess I got a breakdown about computer now So I'm here on the internet excellent And I'll get a whole new way. We get back there. Okay. Okay. Yes, yes, you got that man ditch things Okay, I appreciate having great life my friend pre-calls for the criminally ignorant sixteen WE-YOD Miami Ford lottery wide in you With your slices of life, he's got a job where you did too Oh, you married You have a brand new style too We love the way you fought your doom With the make-be on your chest, and more trees you tight-cust All around Who's with the speed of the castle Since the bad guys straight to hell When a building starts to walk, we can only reach that window Your crushing ground, which was my fault Who's the way folks? 12-04 WOD, happy good Friday for a while Inside your lansman Here at 6-10 WOD, thanks again for a sensation You're a lansman Anyway, he was in here looking kind of putty this morning He was telling me the real story behind the story I don't want to call him no trouble It was much to do about nothing Much to do about nothing These bureaucratic types of things are all better shape And you're all psychotic over nothing Exactly That should be their biggest problem that somebody defaced Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Great Listen, you know the vet that you won the 97 is like a mix between the Mars Rx7 and the Accurenter sex Yeah, it's rated higher though by all the car magazines Yeah, I know How do you like that mix? I love it Thank you sir Thank you You're welcome, Prigo We have an open line today, let me tell you again, a great restaurant there in a bassar I don't want to say great yet I had one meal, it was very good Surprisingly because basside quite frankly, look to me like a flea market Like George says an overpriced flea market What was the name of that restaurant Lorenzo's not the Mars Love parties Lorenzo's the lenses are piezon Our piezon and I'm calling it Lorenzo's That's alright, they wouldn't mind they had like real digos in there The waiter was like a real Italian guy Not just somebody who's from the Bronx, a real Italian who spoke Italian Go get tired, go get your prey go That was about it Those are the only two words he understood, now he was very good We have an open line in date 62294636228 Here's a lady in plantation, hello Hi, hi Neil One poverty jewel I just wanted to tell you I'm really impressed by your show Of course, not but me and people have a gut to speak their mind Is my mother would say what's not to like? Are you a new listener? Yes, fairly recent Oh my god, thank the Lord I just want to ask you what's your theory on why that not that many women Listen to your show or call up or you know or in both of the above Women generally are busy watching stupid so far prison watching stupid talking heads on TV And not only that not too many women listen to A.M. radio See if more women would listen to A.M. When I was on Zeta on FM I had a lot more women they do now But women just don't listen to A.M. If somebody would just teach them how to how to dittle with that knob and the radio button too Then they would know what it's all about, do you know what I'm saying? Okay, women need a course in how to dittle with that knob Oh really? Exactly Okay, well thanks for the advice to women Well obviously you've already got plenty of experience and we appreciate that Okay, have a great weekend. Bye bye She knows how to dittle it over to A.M. What's up with all you women out there? Listen, I'll add slush on the coast. Oh the coast had a book book no why do we went in the toilet Coast had a big book. I wonder how much somebody paid for that. I think I think the whole thing was fixed I think it was fixed against us. It was fixed for them. Somebody ought to be fixed I think that tip over there on the coast. He ought to be fixed One of them moving in the new building. I'll be here by the way Did it in that tell you? Oh, it's a secret open line in day six two two nine four six three six two two W Oh, you know, she was probably here for Dan trouser trout. Are they still in number or what? And she's still going with that Sales hole here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yeah, I would like to know why on Neil is saying that you look you've got a girl in trouble last night Said what? You would say it's in about a girl get fired last night. What girl? I don't know What are you talking about? Son of a you in now. I think the whole story I just want you. Who do you think you're talking to now? Get it? Oh my god. What a pathetic idiotic bitch. Was that a woman or a kid? What was that? No, that ain't gonna work. The last one. Hello. Hello. Hello. F you. We have an open line in day six two two nine four six three six two two two two two well rhymes and we have one in Broward seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven seven W I think that Ralph read the Christian coalition is right. We got to get that party mouth tag off the or else you know what I'm saying And then damn Dike Ellen degenerate. Let's get her off of there. Two. Let's get everybody off. We don't like let's just Christianize America by Christianizing the airways and the newspapers and the magazine the grand magazine The grand magazine, which is a tiny little department store Here's Hollywood on a mobile. Hello Hi Wood. Yes sir. Hey. I was wondering if I could bother you and your listeners maybe to help me out a little bit a couple things. Yes sir. I just got a lot while I learned about four months old now. We've had our problem with fleas and then I scratch himself raw. Yeah, I don't know if it's the fleas or if it's the food and then he had problems with your fleas. If he's got fleas, he's got an allergy to a man and he's got to scratch himself raw and you need to get rid of the fleas. Why are you not taking him to the vet and getting a court his own shot? I didn't get a shot. I got that then you put on one to the month. It's a liquid you put on. Is it working? It worked. Well, like I said, he's known and I'm so proud. Of course because he's allergic to the fleas. My golden retriever when he had fleas, which thank goodness we haven't had in the years. But when he had fleas, he was like he had just chewing his skin off. Yeah, what are you doing? He's a non-stop. Oh, Lord, you got to get rid of the fleas, man. Okay, another thing. I've been there for about five years from Philly. Yes. And I miss Plain hockey desperately. Nobody down here plays that hockey or foothockey with everyone to call it. And if any of you listeners out there got to leave or improve a guy to play. They play, but hockey down here. Everybody's just doing an insane play. Little pops a hockey once in a while. I can't skate. I just want to play foothockey or that hockey with everyone to call it. Okay. Anybody know what they think you're calling. Okay, listen. Get rid of the fleas. I'm telling you. Once you get rid of the fleas, your problem will be gone for life. Didn't you have a problem with your food though? Listen, please, I'm begging you. If he has fleas, I am telling you. He's allergic to the fleas. You've got to completely get rid of the fleas. Once you get rid of the fleas, that problem will be gone long gone. Okay. Okay. We have two open lines in Broward, 767 W. IOD. We have the mobile one purple line available there for you. We're waiting on you. Our poll question today is, can't us most mucho. Luis Miguel, Iran, Reagasy. Pound IOD on mobile one line, open line and pombie to the rest of the world. One triple eight, four seven, four nine, four six three. We want to know. Are you serious about outer space? That's the question. We want to know about what's your name. There are Aaron Summers Jr. There was on last night making her debut. Aaron K. Who's doing the water say, bow. See, the more she kept talking about that, the more it made it unacceptable. I mean, I already knew that. She wouldn't have said anything. Nobody else on the outside would have known it. And it wouldn't have been a problem. But the more she kept talking to trying to go about it, the more unacceptable it became, which is maybe the idea. I don't know. To stir up some controversy and say, hey, no matter what this bitch does, she's going to be on her because she's banging the, uh, the consultant. You don't see any conflict of interest there, do you? Here's coconut grove. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You are the best buddy. I'm very, very happy to see you for many years. I'm worried best. I'll make a hole in the moon. Do you see? Okay. Hey, Neil, you have that memo, uh, it's for no more speaking Spanish in the office. Just you could do that. That is so hilarious. I'm going to, I'm going to whip that out, man. Anyway, Neil, happy Easter to you. I can go your show very much, uh, faithful listener. I mean, when I move out of here, I will listen to you on the internet. Where are you going? You're moving? Well, I lived up on Talahassey. I've called you from up there before. Yeah. I had to listen to through a little aim out in the woods out through a sun, you know, WSUN. Yeah. But I moved back down to your few years ago. Biggest mistake I've ever made. I'm going to tell you something. Don't go out there in the woods again. Believe me. Well, lucky lucky the first time. Do not go out in the woods until I ask you. Those guys are all right. Yeah. When you're hanging there from the, when you're hanging from the tree, then you'll be crying. They get a long fight with us, keep it. Okay. Now, you're talking. You finally learned to the language. Okay. Let me go. I stuck here for you. They're not open line today. I know lots of Espanyol man. You'd be surprised if I knew as much a tire as I know Espanyol. I'd be in, for example, conio, carajo. Hey, I found it. I've hung out of this thing. It says no manager under any circumstances will be referred to as El Ijo de la cron puta. El cabron or acimaticón. Ijo, did I get there right? Finally. I have a very, very good. Very hard time saying that because I want to pronounce when you get the H in the J together. When I have a separate, I know what the H it's all about. As in God, shame God. I'll get back to that moment, certainly. As in coma, holiday or say, holio. I'll say that. Say holio. But you didn't say, you said, say holio. You didn't say it the first time you made it. Sorry. You made it a H. Mr. Make believe speaking. You're not fooling me. I'm telling you for a second. I'm playing in Riquei, Glyseis, do they attack it? Is it always that attacking? I wasn't listening. I was picking up a lot of words. Get away from me with his crap already. Okay, I'm talking to him. I'm so embarrassed that I said that promo you played. I said, that Spanish. It's like these ringers in our Italian class who are, you know, know their spick real fluently. And they think that they're fooling us. All of a sudden they'll throw it in like Nueve. You know, Nile become the way. Sorry, Espanol and all of a sudden you go back. You spick, start fooling. I'll profess, or you'll tell you that. 1214 at WIOD. 16 WIOD, not just for snack time anymore. Think a lot better at seven o'clock. Good. 1219 at WIOD. We'll have some holios in accounting in this company because it says salary increases will not be referred to as tremendous. How do you like that? It says unusual or creative customer requirements will not be labeled as Paja's Mentales. Lack of determination will not be referred to as Falka de Hwevos or Marikonetea. Nor will persons who lack an issue to be referred to as WIOD or Komemiad. I like to roll my arse in the middle of that word, Mierda. Because that changes the meaning, doesn't it? No, well, I said it did. So anyway, it's not easy to roll you are in the middle of order. You have to really know how to roll them. George is just lit one up by the way. Big brown one. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, I am. Yes. Hi, it's Sue. Simple as Sue that is. Hi, Sue. Anyway, I was wondering if you're that new arrangement CD. No, I have not. I will listen to it on the way home today, though. And you're Corvette. Yes, I will. Hey, because I had that crappy luma this morning that only had a cassette deck in it. Hey, that song King, they wrote it for you. Yeah. And good. Great. Here it is. Okay. I'll hear it, Sue. We'll see you. We have an open line at Broward drunk. 7679, 463, 767Wild. Let's go to a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, I would like to play a very quiet. My boyfriend's back. Okay. Well, congratulations. We have an open line in date. We're going to have an open line. And one of the good things is that we're going to have a one-time time at the time of the night. And we're going to have two, two, three, six, six, six. He's probably won stole a cart. See, for the woman that called before and we'd loved her. She was great. Three ladies back who was wondering why we don't have more women listening and more women calling in it. So on the reason is that by the time I come on a 10 o'clock in the morning every day, they're all plastered already. Yoja, hello. How you doing, Neil? Great. I turned on the internet this morning, and I looked listening to your show and come to find out that feds, and I have the same birthday. Today? Yes, y'all. I'll be God danged. There you go. Thank you very much. You're welcome. I went to see the Godfather yesterday. I was listening to you and made me want to go see it. And just like you said, Neil, the median age in there was death plus 20. Oh, my God. How do you press it? Why aren't they marketing this so that's a living and breathing people go see the greatest movie of all time? I was out of surprise to see the movie in Athens, Georgia, but there were these two women sitting about four rows in front of me. And I guess they're hearing with so bad that they could no longer whisper to each other. Oh, no. They were talking to the themselves, as loud as I'm talking to you right now. No. Isn't that just what you needed to movie where the dialogue is real low to begin with? And you've got to pay real close to attention. And they're talking out loud. Like, what did he just say? Yeah, exactly. And when Apple Lone on when she started to talk. And the car blew up. Right. You should have heard the scream. I thought she was going to have a coronary, right? I love it. Beautiful. Yep. Tell me what it goes to you again. Maybe it'll work the next time. Do you think that the two born trades will make primary reputation like a Domestika reputation was after a wrapping Eric Cooper up? Let me just say this, OK, because Brian Marie has done a lot of good things too. But I just want to say this. And I watched that team again, that team last night. The chemistry on this team has never recovered. And we had a lot of injuries, a lot of excuses. But the chemistry has never gone back to what it was before that trade. That trade was like, oh, I agree. They just don't, don't seem spirited. And he's right. They just lost something there. Can I have a two request? A birthday request in a good Friday request? Yes, sir. It's possible. The Dennis Lary asshole song. Yeah. And the the tape of Ronnie D. Telly, Ronnie B. That he was going to quit. Oh, we have that, don't we? What's that under, George? Ronnie. Oh, got it. All right. Both nice and long, too, by the way. You will deploy him during the break. We come out of break or something. Okay. And one more thing. Yeah. Somebody at the back. Go ahead. Robert Lavion, Drake Bosch, take you to her bunch of two spastic. Okay, pal. Bye. See ya. CNN tree. We have an open line in Broward, 767, 9463, 767, W. We got that toll-free line to the rest of the universe on the audio net. And of course in Palm Beach, which forget about them and forget about those Goi-M. They're all in church today doing their thing. It's good Friday. I'll eat macaroni and cheese right now as I speak. And like I said yesterday, what's wrong with macaroni and cheese? I happen to like macaroni and cheese, okay? As a matter of fact, they're ain't quite nothing like a craft macaroni and cheese when you come right down to it. Hey, kids, every three quarter ounce crafty cheese single is made with five ounces of milk. How do we do that? Dairy-fairy. Excuse me. Dairy-fairy. Actually, sir, I was talking to the kid. Yeah, I love you when it was about dairy-fairy. And night when you're asleep, dairy-fairy, seeks out of the kitchen and serves it all the little bit of magic wine. Oh, well, that's not entirely correct. And are you right? Yeah, there's the pasteurization process. I forgot about the part where the dairy-fairy comes to my room afterwards and gives me a hot cheese animal. A watchetter, I think. Oh, it smells like cheddar anyway. Sir, I don't know what's going on in your room at night, but I don't think it has anything to do with the manufacturer of crafty cheese single. Oh, that's all right. So, are you want to see my magic cheese log? No. Crafted cheese singles made with five ounces of real milk. Trust us, you really don't want to know how we do it. Like you got to the meetings. No, that's my rule, I won't. That's true. That's the rule for me. You're in radio? I don't want to talk to you. I don't want to see you. I don't want to know you. You're in the business. I don't want to know you. Loose my number. Now, how do you really feel? The business has been mean to you over the years. You haven't taken enough out of it. The business has been so old to me. I thank you. And now I can go away and piece very, very, very soon. Goodbye. I think we just signed off. No, no, no, just me. Just me signing off. How's the crib? How's it down South crib? Nice? Yes, great. It's great. Loved the hood? You know, I'm just trying to get in. My wife is here in these rumors about you leaving. Why did we buy a new house? I don't know, honey. He didn't tell me until after we already put the mortgage down. I told you before the mortgage. You went to rent. No, yes, I did. I remember talking to you about this. You never talked to me. I heard from someone else. I know. I talked to you in the middle of November. We all sat down in the middle of November. And you in the middle of a deal. You didn't do the deal. And you did another deal. You told me that. I just said I didn't. You told me that. You told me that in November, man. You did. We never talked to November. We did talk in November. We sat in the hotel room in November and talked. What hotel room? That hotel lobby. And then we went up to the room in Tampa. That hotel room. Remember we had lunch and then we went up to the room? By that time I already had my place, man. No, by that time you didn't have your place. And I didn't talk to you. I didn't talk to the people that you had told me. No, we all talked. We all sat up there and talked together. We did. We had a meeting. We all sat down, talked. And then you and I and two other individuals from the company sat down and had a meeting in the hotel room. And that's how I went down. That's what happened. And that was before Thanksgiving. And here we are, January 6th. Are we going to have a conversation or what? Are we done? Should I walk away now? You're going to do whatever you want to do, man. I am. I have done whatever I want to do. But should I walk away now? Would it be more, would it be easier? I don't want to make this thing difficult. No, this thing is all about you and anyone. It's not all about me. It's about this show continues. It's not all about me. It's not all about me. It's about I'm moving on. And we're making this an easy transition. Oh, let's make it then. We are making it. We asked me about how everything's going. I asked you, I'm going on. I'm going on. Okay, did. I asked you about the crib. That's all. It's great, Ronnie. Man, I'll just leave now. If it's easier, that way I will. Believe me. It's not easier that way. Well, then why are you saying what you're doing? I'm not doing anything. Let's go on. Let's act like everything's happy. Well, it's exactly what I was doing. And then you took your headphones off and didn't want to talk to them. Don't play. I'm not playing. I'm not playing at all, man. I'm being totally honest with you. And I have been. Yeah. What do you mean, yeah? I'm glad. I'm glad everything's going down the way. It's going down. Oh, happy to me. We're talking happy to me. I know it is. It's time for me to move on. That's all. All right. So let's change the subject. Let's... I didn't bring it up, man. I didn't have a conversation with you. We're the end user stop talking to me. It's so embarrassing when you true. Prop 28 at WIOD. 610 WIOD. Prop 38, film me. First, she set the screen on fire in basic instinct. Then you saw her in sliver. After that, it was intersection followed by the quick and the dead. But let's face it. The only decent movie she's ever done was basic instinct. So now Sharon Stone gives moviegoers exactly what they want. And that's more of what made her a household name. Sharon Stone stars in crotch. We all know she can't act. But it doesn't matter in crotch. Two solid hours of Sharon Stone crossing and uncrossing her legs. The New York Times says, this film will give Sharon Stone a leg up on the competition. Give it to thumbs up. And Rex Reed says it would have been better with Brad Pitt. Sharon Stone brings her one true talent back to the screen in crotch. Now showing. But 1233 at WIOD. Happy Friday to you. Hope you've been to church. We hope you're up your rosary beads. We hope you got your necklace and your, oh and then. Oh, I wish I would have saved the paper yesterday. It was a very short and stupid letter to the editor in a son's sentinel. About the kid at Boka High School. What is wrong with you people? All these goody two shoes assholes out there. Well, you're schooled in your schools. Absolutely right in the school board is right on target about Peter or a puppy there in his beads. He had he had the Cuban flag. See, this is just part of the Zina Folby in his town. If he would have had like, if he would have had like a star at David, he is really flag on here. All the old Jews would be writing and say, what's wrong with you? You're all anti-Semites. But because he had these trotch keys there on his neck and the right way all it's so well, it's a gang thing. You're right. What the Castro gang? Maybe it's a fact thing. Maybe it's the Castro street gang from Frisco. What is wrong with these people anyway, huh? No matter what kind of crap no matter what kind of restrictions no matter what kind of innovations no matter what kind of stupid ass and an unconstitutional laws they pass and rules and regulations? Oh, they're absolutely right. That's right. If we just outlaw stuff like that then everybody will be obedient. We won't be killing each other in the God forbid that we should outlaw guns. Let's make sure everybody's got a gun and if we just don't have no gang symbols in class everybody will be alive. Right. Here's Miami. Hello. Leo, how you doing? Great. I just received my annual call from my very very casually grandmother. Yes? Telling me that well, you just to be asking me to go to church. Oh, but today it's telling me to go to church. Telling to blow it out of rest. Well, I'm one of the crusades are still alive. Yeah. So should probably stop my my house. Go out your ass grandma. And the other the other thing I wanted to. My little tool. Right. Yeah. Okay. And oh, yeah, she actually said, well, you should go and I said why she goes well because you know Jesus, the Lord is dead and I go again. You know, I'm just like dead again. Dead again. Dead again. You know, he's dead every year. He's a library every year. Yeah. It's just, it's just getting to be a drag. But well, I hope you have a look at the pulp. He's running around and drag doesn't bother him. Well, I hope you have a real good weekend and back to you. Enjoy your bed and back to me. Yeah. See you. We have an open line of day at grandma's going to make him go to church. You people at a bunch of pussy's out there. Tell grandma my, my, your own business. Quit with a crap. Okay. Go, uh, dovin over the candles to do something useful and get out of my face. Get out of my face with your stone age, baloney. Okay. You let me handle my baloney. You worry about your baloney grandma. Get lost. Go get a life with your bubble my seas. With all this hoax, pocus. Here's a lady in Carl Springs. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Long time listeners. First time call her. Great. I was looking for you with the hockey game last night. I'm not sure what's next year and I'm in 220 and I was looking for a. I'm in 106, 106, 106. 106. Thank God. No, we're near 124. I'm going to gain that was bad. I'm going to have so bad. I stayed to the end. I watched the last two goals. I knew it was hopeless and help us. Yeah. But there's, you know, my art team. So what do you want to do? There are second team or whatever. Anyway, being from Philadelphia. I'm kind of a flyer. Anyway, I do listen to WID. I do know how to work my knobs. But I only listen when you're on. Otherwise, I'm listening to sports. Great. Good for you. So, you know, I do only listen to AM. I think your humor is classic. You're one of a kind. You're worth every penny they pay you. And I had my macaroni and cheese to go. So, I have a caution both of us. Oh, great. You're definitely going to purgatory now. Oh, yeah, really. Anyway, I'm on vacation. I'm a teacher. So it's the first time I really got to purgatory. Well, God bless you. Anyway, I want to call someone to do something. Yes? Michael Moraney. You're a douchebag. Okay. Have a happy, boy boy. See you. Bye. Open line of day at 629463. One at Broward 767 WID. Now we've got to run our women. We got 75,000 women online. Here's a lady in sunrise. Hello. Hello. This is a lady in sunrise. This is a kid. Oh, I'm a boy. I started this and didn't you guys a couple weeks ago? Yes, sir. And now I bring my radio to school. Now you're talking. And I do that. And all my friends gather around after the lessons been taught. It's pretty cool. All right. They're going to learn a lot more on this show that we'll let stupid schoolers. What's going to go to? What's going to go to? What's going to go to? What's going to go to? What's going to go to a school down in Fort Lauderdale? It's called Sunset. Sunset? It's like a kind of private school. So the teachers don't really like it. You know. Bring the radio. Oh, they don't like the radio? No. Tom Too Bad. Tom and my their own business. Tom and America. And you'll listen whatever you want and they'll like it. Okay, pal. All right. Thank you. Keep it up. Okay. We have a look at this. Now we're starting to like die a little bit here. We're starting to slide. We're backslide. Almost everybody's out of school. The teachers are off. This kid is off. All these kids. They take the radio to school man because they know that if they want to hear something, they might get a little amusement out of. They might learn something about the real world. Instead of all the lies all the brainwashing, all the inundating their little minds with bull crap. This is the only place till here. The truth. Here's the only man with balls in his town is right there. That fat faggenear Rogers on a radio. That's the guy that'll tell it like it is. Oh, well, the cult members were very nice. People here, they were crazier than a bedbug. Okay. They're eating jello pudding. First of all. I rest my case. They're watching old Bill Cosby. We runs an eating jello pudding. Does that tell you how crazy they are? And eat an apple sauce. And. And. And. Fedamines. I don't was barbiter. But it's much more fun to say. And Fedamines. Kill all those bastards. We have an open line at Broward. 76794637767 Wild. We had a story yesterday. I think about some poor bastard that croaked. Found a whole bunch of fenn fenn out there by the coast. I got hit by a truck. But I don't think it was no coincidence by itself. Here's a lady on a mobile in Papadau. Hello. Lady mobile. Is gone. The lady mobile in Papadau that were paying for on mobile once time is gone. And did not hold on. That's f**king bitch. Exactly. Open line on the mobile one line. We have a good day. She's got some nerve that pitch. We have an open line in date. 622 Wild. And one in Broward 767946377. It's all request good Friday. And now we have a one damn good time. Dang Good Time. Where's God shamed God when he need him. Yeah. That's another thing that hold business about that business. That monkey business. Yeah. Just wait. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir. I was watching the game last night and the preview and Denise Potpand. He and your buddy, Rimmer. They announced that the dancers have officially clench the spot and play off. That is correct. And then Dennis says he goes, but they're not content with that. They've got their sights on buffalo. Now what good would having their sights on buffalo do nothing? Another inning could another in-game comment because buffalo's go to win the division. They're going to be the number two seed. No matter how many points we've got. Anybody that understands anything about the game knows that. But of course that leaves out Denise. Exactly. Isn't that another in a series of classically in-a-in comments by Don't call me Denise Potpand. Unbelievable. I feel really, really happy. And so do we. Have it to listen to that crap. Could you play the stew barn song? Without stew? Without stew? I just might have to. See you, pal. Thank you. We're going to meet buffalo. No matter what, we do get them out of that division. We'll be okay, sir. We'll play as liking and ever scatting. It's a shame that stew was traded. But I guess that's just the way the story goes. Oh, why they traded stew away. We'll never know. This really blows. We can't swim. There's no winning since they traded stew. We can't swim. We can't score anymore. We can't swim. There's no winning since they traded stew. We can't swim. We can't score anymore. Since the day they said stew's leaving, Wells performance has us leaving. But the powers that he say he's big and fast. The record shows he can't score goals. They're full of pride. They can kiss my hand. Rectom. We can't leave. There's no winning since they traded stew. We can't swim. We can't score anymore. We can't even get down the man. We made a great shot. Turn out to be a beautiful play. We're the best. We've got to go. We're on fire. We're just right there. We're going to get a free. We're going to run around. We can't throw. We're going to try again. We're just walking down. Okay. It's 1243. WIDEN. What is this? Somebody says, be a video. Empire of crime. Did we talk about this? Somebody threatened to send this? Well, here it is. Empire of crime. And I'm going to go any other one. Watch it right now. And screw everybody else. Two open lines in day. 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 6 2 2 2 Wild. And one in Broward 7 6 7. After a very similar lady started. They're all in church now. Is that it? Why did they go to church? Is everybody going to get off at noon? They go to church at noon. They take their macaroni and cheese and tuna fish at noon. The Pope changes his dress at noon. The Pope does his might as muffler routine at noon. What are they doing over there? Anyway, I'll tell you what they're doing at Lorenzo's. They be celebrating and they wish you a very happy and healthy Easter. Don't roll too many. Exeter. 6 10 Wild. When lightning is coming. You're at your first. Who's the hood? How does it set a file? Each year. Thousands of children are either killed or maimed needlessly by lighting fires. This is no laughing matter. A little boy in Brooklyn, New York accidentally sucked in the flame and imploded. His calling was found three blocks from his house. During a Maryland Manson concert as fans lit their lighters into additional concerts to be a teenager from Petaluma, California. Thought he'd one off the audience. Just as his friend bent over and let one lift, he lit his nickel and post-parks immediately to the buttercream. However, most of the clouds thought the explosion was part of the light show. The tea suffered severe burns over his face and neck requiring painful grasp of pig skin, which caused untold grief for his orthodox Jewish parents. Sure, fights can be funny, especially at school or during a wedding. But they can also be deadly. This message is brought to you by now. Mothers against lighting fires. Remember, friends don't let friends light fire. Friends don't let friends fart outside that 1249 at WID. Of course there's only one way to do that. Good cork in the rectum always works for a while. Here's one. My name is Jimmy. I've lost 53 pounds on the Atkins miss bill. Okay, Jimmy. Oh, squirt. I like that. Squirt squirt? He must know Mikey. How's Mikey doing by the way? By the way, case anybody wants to know I'm going to work on Waxy. I'm going to be the newsman on a micro-nary show. Henry Barrow passed out. He can't do it no more. And the news either. Two open lines in day, six to two nine, four six three six to two. WI. Oh, damn, I'm not going to mess with this. It's funny. This field thing that you gave me away. And I'm not going to waste my time on it. Guys, a major asshole obviously needs a serious life. And I hope that you might be a police fry as ass. I'll apply or comes out of his head. Okay, it's a message from God. I hope that flames come shooting out of your head or out of your back door more both. Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach, hello. Hey, what are you doing? Great. Two things. Slumpy. No. Stop being junior. No. It's not? No. Okay. Anyway, I'm a coach with a hockey roller hockey league. Yeah. And the first thing I teach my kids when you're defenseman is you don't play with the Puck in your own zone. Don't play with it in your own end. With someone please relay a message to Ed Joven. Ed, Ed, Ed, Ed. I mean, the guy I can't, I don't stand that. I just don't understand what his problem is. Number one. Number two, Rimmer was having an orgasm last night with this, uh. Chris Wells got to your sister. I saw that. What a pass. Who's a beautiful pair. What a set up by the well. What a blast. Yeah. I heard his name. What anybody else's name. Yeah. I'm stable. Yeah. I don't understand. But well, I don't know. I'm going crazy. Goodbye. Okay. See the guys trying to confuse back with Fiction Ender. Does Jeff Rimmer kiss Chris Wells behind? Oh. Does he have a reason for defending this guy? He's constantly falling and the puppy can't find. Does Jeff Rimmer kiss Chris Wells behind? Okay. And ever since they traded scours, they've been laying real crumbies. The reason they gave was to save the team on. Are you? We know that Chris may be a pretty nice guy. Buddy, fumbles, any stumbles and trips on the blue eyes. This is the best and Ryan Murray can find. The teams in a coma and they'll never say why. The fencing is easy. If you die all the time, does Jeff Rimmer kiss Chris Wells behind? Okay. It's a 1252 WIOD. We have an open line at Dave County for your proposal now. If you'd like to call in and save mankind from itself. If you'd like to call in here and explain to us why these people often themselves with putting an apple, apples, sauce and barbicerits and a cartridge in a pair of three and plastic garbage bags. And why they had the Nike swish on their sneakers. And if they were all really serious or not. On freaking believable and yet the public sits out there, they just they can't see it. Oh, thank goodness. In fact, I guarantee all these people going to church today for good Friday. And the minister of the priest, whoever the Getski gets up there and he says, Well, this is a horrendous thing. Another example of these cults and the perversion of real belief in God. Yeah, right. It's a classic example of what all the bubble mice is all about. It's lunacy, man. It's insanity. Brainwashing. You see, it's much better instead of brainwashing people to drink cool-aiden, the cyanide, etc. Just give us your money. That's much better. Put some money into play. And just do what we tell you. And the don't do as we do God forbid. Just do as we say and show up and go home and make a lot of babies. Now you're talking. Here's a mobile and highly. Hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Great. I have a question on the panthers. Is it just my imagination or are they changing their entire file of play? No. They used to dump and run and just push them that hard. And now they're trying to be real fancy with the clock and it's not like it hurts. Yeah. And I don't understand why don't they go back to what got them where they are. We're talking to the family couple. Because they don't have the same. They're just not the same thing out there. Just not the same feeling. You don't have this team isn't playing like they're on fire most of the time. Which they were, keep in mind. Keep something in mind. They got right at playoff time last year. Okay. They were struggling right before the playoffs. They got out just at the right time. They started out phenomenal this year. Then they made that stupid stupid idiotic trade. Okay. And we were stumbling and bubbling. Then we got all these injuries on top of it. And we're still stumbling and bubbling. So this team don't be too surprised if when the playoff start. We shock you again. I mean, maybe it's wishful thinking. But you never know with these guys. But right at the moment, they're in a coma. They're in a coma. Right. There's no spark. I want to see them rush that in that and just pound it hard. And I'm going to tell them, well, they may be pounded and hard, but not through in the game. And the bottom line is that without a guy like Barnes or struck out in the lineup, which I pray he and need him or I'll be better at least, uh, struck a Saturday. Uh, there's no offense. You got Ray Shepherd and Melon B's also in a coma. You got Ray Shepherd, basically. That's the offense. Yeah. I agree with you. That'll talk for the best. Let's light a fire under the roof. You got it. Okay, pal. Thank you. See you. That's what we need. We need Marty back out there. Okay. So it doesn't score a lot of goals. That's what we need is some chances, man. Well, the first period last night shots were what? 14 to two for Ottawa. 14 to two. What kind of a period is that? Do you know what I'm saying? Squared Squared Squared Squared Squared. Open line in date. Six to what you didn't see the facts. Six to two. W. Y. D. What in Broward? 767. 463. 767. W. I. Oh, D. Let's take a bunch of M. Federmen's. Okay. Get our pulse up to about 180. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi, you. Okay. Listen up on about what's your name last night after Broward? Okay. Here. Finally. It only took me almost three hours to get a call about Aaron and a Karen Kay. Listen up. I was sleeping with a consultant. Yes. I was a big, really red fan. I'd love Broward. Wow. And this woman just comes on at night and I'm clocking on. What the heck's going on? And all of a sudden I had dinner daydland. And I went all the way to colorage. And she was on and on. She didn't get off of that subject. That's a lesson. It took us 40 minutes, 40 minutes to drive home from the hockey game. That's the only thing I heard you're talking about. She kept repeating it over and over again. And why is everybody so worked up at a were friends? You know, I'm sleeping with a consultant. And Walter Sabo is a wonderful guy. I mean, nobody cares. We don't care. Okay. It was so sad. So I really did feel sorry for her. And I hope. I don't know. I love Broward. Yeah. We're going to midnight to the dobb it. Sixth of midnight sounds like an ice shift for me. Yeah, right? I'd like to call. Let her work a little bit of that flair bulb. I mean, uh, here's what I've been. I know. Um, can I call some people do you stand? Be my guest. Jackie elects Erica and Salvatore. Love you. What was the last one? Salvatore. Salvatore. Yeah. I like it. Okay. Have a nice weekend. Bonnie. Bonnie. Let's see. Felice. Estero. Estero is east. Happy east. Ur. Two open lines in day. Six two two nine four six. How do you say east through has bunny? Oh, boss. What the hell? What is that? Pascua. Whatever. Felice. Pascua. Sure. Okay. Felice. Oh, the arrow. Pascua. Two lines in day. County. We're still waiting. Ninus. Six seven W. I.O D. Words 150. Five. Boyd, this thing is rollet along. Today seems like only 20. Thirty hours ago, that people who were standing there in a doorway just Muddering and above but buttery was talking about. And then, of course, there was Phil Lassenman was in there where the real Inside story, which of course, I don't want to repeat yet. Did I say three minutes till one W.I.D. and that Rick & says will be he alive today, which I hope they are, but Rick needs to book yope baby. But job brick. But job a little bit. Get with it. Grow up a little bit. Be a little more responsible. As he went and doubt cut it out. By the way, you want to cut it out when you go to Mike's cigars. They'll show you how to clip it right. They'll show you, they'll give you one of those little, uh, cigar clippers. So you know how to do it right. One of those little tip clippers man and after, after like five minutes, you'll be saying, I have no foreskin. That's right. Even if you walked in there with a load. So anyway, if you're like great cigars, you're just puffin' on a, uh, what is that? I thought it was a Jaguar. I knew it was a Bowser. I was gonna say it looks just like a Bowser even from this distance. He's puffin' on a Jaguar right now. The radio station Culloen bites he goes bailbone. 16 WIOG Miami Ford Lonerdale. Oh boy, it's the one to two hour. This is a bunch of hoey. If I was but taxon, yall are the other, yall are the other, yall are the other. Roy! Old day long guys, boud de boud de boud de boud de boud. If I was the taxon, goin'. Roy! I'd buy up all the stations. Like the life of lovin' Zeta, I'd see an IOT. I'd have loads of money in the bank. A knowing once I'd go in like Roy, I'd have a radio network that nobody carries, but everyone has the run the spots. Longing for Stilaos. TV cable, real estate I boud de boud. I'd have a half a dozen big ep stations and 607 AM stations too. And that's just in hell and they'll all love. If I was but taxon, yall are the other, yall are the other. Old day long guys, fiddle with my number. If I was more taxons boy, I'd re-aimst a full man. I'd have shackles you know what I mean. I'd be richer than the freakin' queen. When I think I would be turning cream, if I was that taxon goin'. Oh, I! 104 a WIOD, Jim Scholar, god, that's all I can say. Let's do a mobile in Pompano and it's big one to two our man. This hour you're gonna be, I'm telling you, this hour is gonna set you on your ass. Make no mistake about it. I can just feel it. You can feel a gigantic something welling up in the pittier stomach. Maybe it was that great lunch from the All-American sub shop. Did I get it right this time? Why do I have a problem with that? That's not an unusual name. I just have a real serial problem. Get serious. I wonder if they have one on serious. Here's a mobile in somewhere. Hello, Pompano. Neil. Yes sir. How are you? Great. Happy PORUM. Okay. Notice how PORUM and Easter and Pace-Octomy. So close together. What is it? I went to my third Panther game in the year last night. Yeah. And the last game I went through was a shark. You remember how that came turned out. Yeah. And last night, Ottawa, that was the stink of manure in the place. It was pretty bad. Yeah. I've lied to you, mention that by the way, because where is it? Hey. Stench of pal manure. Pover is over. This performance by the Panthers. Yeah. It was pathetic. There were three guys that tried to hold on. I thought it was pretty good, myself. Besides these are Lindsey, Lyle, some Warner. The only guys even trying to skate. Yeah. Oh God. I was frustrated. It was ugly. It was an ugly thing, man. It was terminal. I don't know what to say. It's all right. Get out of our system now. We'll get these last few games over there. We'll be smoking them during the playoffs. We'll get everybody back. Yeah. Okay. Okay, pal. Good luck to us. And back to you. Open line a day. That's right. Garperloff will be back. Maybe Robby will butcher up a little bit, but I doubt it. And of course, Marty's going to be back. Marty's going to be the catalyst. He's going to surprise everybody, including the coaches. Busy getting his wife in that place. He's going to buy her in that place. And of course, we've all heard that spot. We do love our friends at Beverly's tutors. But I didn't know they sold necklaces. Did you? How about shoe laces? Here's Watson Island. Hello. Hey, Neil. Brand new home of the Parachungal. Home of the Good Year, Blem. And the Parachungal. And how are you up there? Great. Yeah, Parachungal, like when? Who knows, right? Super grabs of the Dellie. Listen Neil, shameless request. Yeah. You've got a tape bomb with a jackknacle to the working fast food counter about chicken. Oh, Jesus. Holy hilarious. Your attachment. Okay. Two open lines a day. It's 629-4636222WD. I didn't hear what he said. Did you? Didn't hear a word. We have an open line at Broward 767-463. Something about your attachment. Let's go to a Palm Beach. Hello. Neil, you're doing great. Just called to give my two cents about the Panthers last night. Okay. Now all of a sudden they're coming out of the wood. We're called these Panthers. Badgers. Go ahead, sir. They deserve it. I've, first of all, I've seen that annoying puts in, uh, one 24 years. Let's hear it about one 24. I want a lot more calls from the 10 St. People who sit in one 24. And aren't a bunch of sheep being led down the horses as. Oh, God. It all started last year with that rat. Right. And I was willing to heal more and more. That I mean, it was in his glory. We were having a good time. He was running around. He's stuck like hell. And, you know, but now get on with life. We, I think the fans are done a great job. We don't throw the rats. We don't get to team penalties. Everybody's trying to control themselves. But this bunch of goofballs over there, they let this guy lead him around by the end of it. And I was like a bunch of lemons. And you think the peanut thing is bad in your section. Yeah. This guy is the type that stands up screams and spills beer on people. Oh, nice. Nice. He's the best. He is the greatest. I say, let's ban his ass from the arena's. What I say. And let him go up on it. You know how the, the, the mascot comes down to what the other we call him. Stanley Stanley C. Panther. How he comes down at wire there before the beginning of the game. I think we got all this guy tried once and put the cord. He's saying, now you're talking. Now, this move from one asshole to another. Did Mike mail ever write anything? No. He had another big column today, which I got right here. It's a column about some crap, which has nothing to do with anything. Hold the whole of left side of the front of the sports section. Not one word again, liar, liar pants on fireman. His name ain't Moskivets. I think he's the Eddie Christ myself. And I'm good, Freddie. Yeah, how do you like that? Unbelievable. David Halberstim, who everybody loves David. I never heard anybody say anything bad about Halberstim. They love him. He's a great guy. He does a good job. He's funny. He's amusing. He's colorful. And this, this many echoed it into Sun Sentinel. Lied to us. He made a blood oath right on the air here to apologize and retract. I say, we track this. Recum exactly. You got it. Can you play a little something for him? Anything you want, pal. Star Wars can't team up. You got it. Have a great life. You do. So, oh, I bet that's not in here, though. Do I have to get the thing out? Oh, geez. Oh, how do I do it? I'll do it because he's a good guy. He's a good guy at that guy right there. He sounded like a real American, okay? He sounded like he might not look too bad either. We have an open line at Broward, 766. How do you know that? He might not look bad at all. Because people here by voices on the air and they think they know how somebody looks. For example, would you know how what's his name looked? What is his name? Jacob. You wouldn't know what they'll Jacob look like. Uh-oh. Look at that, George. I think I lost my plastic thing. Oh, if I lost my plastic thing, what am I going to do now? I think I lost my plastic thing, Wayne. That's real. Oh, here it is. Here's my plastic thing. I found my plastic thing. Very Jackson can put it in your column. Neofound is plastic thing, okay? Which one of these? Which number do you think it's on, John? I know it's cut number 17, but which one do you think it's on? Oh, I got it. What a great job. Quarenta Novi. That was right. That's in a Quarenta Novi or Quarenta Novi. See how similar they are? And if you start seeing Novi and you speak of a town, they'll slap you right in the post. Pop will come over there and slap you right upside to the head and say cut the head. He's trying. Huh? He end it, tell you. What does he care? The Polock. He speaks 14 languages, none of them right. Exactly. And he all speaks them all with an accent to it's all with a Jewish accent. Here's the Pope who's Polish and a Catholic with a Bini and a dress and he speaks every language with a Jewish accent. Why is guy? Give us back the Bini to why you're at it. How many Graham man I'm telling you? Help me, I'm going to meet you. You're my only friend. Her name was Leia. She was a princess with the Danish on each year and I think they're drawing here. So I do these two. Comment can know me. We were. We have to put the desktop land into the rebellions hands so you can open one. Have to get to all the runs. So they stopped into more silently to have a drink with fun at the start. What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? Oh, there will be a pool of villages like this. I will not even swim here on the stage. What's up, Oesterman? J sauente game. L tots. Holy soap? Let's go to bed. with the flash of Ben's life. The stars can't seem to know. Don't wait as creatures you've ever seen. The stars can't seem to know. Music and westeres and old Jedi matches at the stars. As I sit in space for one little sign, the more I'm reaching high and it's coming to the end. The court. His name was Yoda. He was a muffin. He died bitter was so bad. And by the way, he's moved that he gets his sister. His hand got torn off. In that galaxy football, Luke is had a lousy day, but that was so me. Jabba had bad hygiene. Oh, I didn't they all just relax. Back on time to eat at the stars. The stars can't seem to know. Don't wait as creatures you've ever seen. The stars can't seem to know. Music and westeres and old Jedi matches at the stars. The false book is with you. It's really amazing. I'm looking at this. I didn't realize it before I got him growled up again. Michael Mayo not only had a big column day about some stupid stadium that went up there in West Palm Beach. He not only covers the whole column, the regular column is based on a front page of the Suncentals Sports this morning, but also if you open up to page 10C, it's like another eighth of a page. So it's like the equivalent of one and a half columns at least. And when I realized this thing was continued to open up and I'm thinking, well, maybe at the end is kind of like some after notes and after thoughts, he's going to write a little retraction in there or say something. Nothing. Zephyde Duda, okay. The man's got 47,000 words on his stupid stick and word processor that he's written out there and not one of them. Not a stick in one word saying, sorry, I apologize. Let me live up to what I promised on Neil's show the other day. Unbelievable. Michael Mayo, oh my god, if anybody's going to wind up in purgatory, you know what's going to happen to Michael Mayo? He's not only going to purgatory, he's going to wind up eating ham sandwiches with mayonnaise every day. Hammond cheese with mayo. Hold the Michael. Oh my god, talk about an immediate ticket to hell. Trif. We have an open line at Broward 7679463 767. You can slather the mayo or slather the hide-rine it's your choice. The heat player said, hold the mayo. Get him out of here as a matter of fact. We'll take the hide-rime thank you. That's right. The Miami heat are used in those hide-rime products. Maybe you've seen a man advertised on QVC. You know what that is, don't you? How about you do? 610 WIOT. He can believe that he was banging water on me. 117 and WIOT. Well, like I said, it would have been a nice secret and I would have been inside Jocacas and nobody would have known. But she decided to make it a cause to lebgle I stand on the show and bop bop bop bop. That's basically all she talked about. What you heard it? I mean, I'm just I don't get it. I mean, if you want to establish credibility right off the bat to last thing you do is say you're sleeping with the boss or the consultant and basically whether you think they'd join out or not, you're going to be here because the consultant is, you know what I'm saying? I don't want to get too graphic. He's consulting it. We have an open line in date. 622 WIOT. We have one in Broward. 7679463. 7677. Don't forget tonight. 6 tonight. Oh, that's where we got basketball. Well, ordinarily 6 tonight. It's Brookden. You'll see we have if she eats enough for drama. We have no problem with Brook. And the night to midnight, it's passion clones. She won't be on tonight. Who? Brook won't be on. We got a basketball game. Who won't be on. Karen. Why not? I got you down. Why not? Where's the basketball game? She had something to do. Is what I was told. She had something to do. This is only your second night. Well, you know, when you... They're giving the women the game I threw it out. But I know the game is a home game. Right? He'd have played home tonight. Detroit, I think. So, it's a home game. So, the game starts at 7 or 7 30. Be over by 9 30 basketball games only last a couple of hours. And she's not going to be here because she's got C-E-I-C. Does this tie in with what I just got through saying? got through saying how do you start a job in the first night you come on for three hours and the next night all well it's only gonna be a somewhat short like two and a half hours sure anyway so I can't be here I got something else to do so who's gonna be on run bar sports byline oh it's passion clots we have an open line at Broward 767 9463 767 WI that is just that's like a brain fart I know I can smell it from here here's a mobile and candle hello yes sir I got a letter from a delfian cable yesterday to changing the whole lineup yeah and they had to drop a couple things because they had to put another shopping channel on a few more Spanish stations right they're dropping action and playboy they both suck anyway well I mean for the delfian the only thing they had yeah not too much not too much pretty week get a big dish listen I like certain how the third he's pretty good okay and happy for him I got you down okay they love the news guy by the way you're all wrong they love the news guy they love him open line a day to they love him wait till they hear a passion clone so she's not gonna be on tonight it was just kind of like a cameo last night now she's gonna get some other material that's amazing I think we need a little consultation oh I'm sorry let's go to a mobile in sunrise hello hey no are you great I'm amused it just me or does baseball they all play a hundred spring games every year they play a hundred spring training games are the regular schedules now but expanded since we have interlink play to 428 games I just don't remember a plan so many spring games I know they've been planned for a year already yeah and they keep winning and winning and winning and winning and winning and winning and winning and winning and winning and winning and winning I band this still don't mean nothing yet I'm out of loss about the Panthers I don't I play with any hard no they have no spark they don't have it they just I mean you can see it out there even now they did play a great game against New Jersey we played pretty good against Buffalo but thank goodness Buffalo took the night off and other than that we don't play very many emotional games we just don't have no no verb no drive no nothing and nobody's in still nobody cares Dave game yeah we don't have an earth and a while hey man he weighs 500 pounds he's a mile around Dave game a ride he's a trail with no hitch he's quite precise and fast-rich and with all of that dirt he really shakes the earth Dave game I like that bad is fast and just that in the name this is diataborca we're taking you down to a special report from Dave game all you could eat fucks eggs are they is advertised day thank you Diana we're here at the local schusler and have gone undercover Dave under cover that's right undercover I'm approaching the all you can sell at bar for seven times sir don't you think you've had enough I thought this was a buffet yeah but yeah but nothing you have to do I don't want to see you turn to see traction do yeah he's can't be why he's even bigger than just hot Dave game I'm talking about he's so hot with no glass Dave game okay that's it you be almost everything ready here let's go I have enough I'm not done I'll call out James James James James you 123 and W. I would never notice that before with the house that doing little improvisation there at the end he's all over the place now guess we've all seen what was the same at Paxon song before that would be bad we have an open line in the out of the town line one triple eight four seven four nine four six three one triple eight four seven four Adam let's go to a mobile and Miramar hello Neil yes sir are you doing great hey have you seen the hour through movie no I have not no how do you feel you're gonna check it out I'm not we have an open line in dates out of my field I don't care I he's making eighty billion dollars more power to him and life goes on okay how do I feel oh I'm just wounded especially after yesterday oh sorry six two two nine four six three six two two W. I. O. D. Here's Fort Lauderdale hello yes sir good right to you back to you yes I have two things in the script ready one a theological question yes you don't have Jesus came down earth and was nailed up for all of our sins yes now they nailed them they nailed them now I need to guide for everyone since here now assuming his wife on Mars does forget about Mars what about serious let's get serious well wherever that's where all these uh Getskies are going at the off themselves with Bill Cosby's putting says Jesus dying on earth safe to send the people on other worlds or no you mean a Jesus has to die in each plant on each individual you know see him around here now do you that's because he's busy making cameo appearances elsewhere Jesus a big wide universe out there man you see his well did you see he's over there on Washington Street at the cameo this weekend a security of course does that mean that each planet's gonna have a pope of their own correct so it so that means that because they're all under a lot of dearest okay we have an open line at Broward 767 9463 767 he's really reaching its stretch and yank it but I think he's got a point 667 WIOD that's don't worry he's just a little gas it's wide are you rested tonight get ready for a show that'll have the critics talking check out that video we does fill it out nicely oh god just think it oh god if he started it round oh I'd like to give him out some out oh god I'd like to fade him oh gosh look at the torth ball he watch tonight okay we'll be watching for 130 a W IOD happy good Friday happy Easter Sunday happy roll on the eggs happy and a lot of chocolate candy out there which is making you very sick but boy to taste good happy Russell Stover chocolate eggs the dark chocolate filled with the raspberry filling that'd be my favorite and don't send any over here I'll kick you in the ass and don't be said it no smart easy they're we just Marty that's right I'm going on the weekend's died for the next couple of hours you better watch yourself in fact I had a nice atkins lunch from our friends at Atlantic City subs and it was great in fact I think so but it's I'll be picking at it you were picking on it how about the food so at any rate I'm going on the weekends that lose 800 pounds by the end of next week just to prove a point to certain smarty pans is out there a doctor with no name remember that song by america the doctor with no name or horses asked with no name here's a lady in bokeh hello lady in bokeh yes ma'am great my husband was so sure I'll try and never get to because I'm a teacher but I'm off today right and I wanted to make a couple of requests first of all he told me that I need to learn my ABC so I need to hear something called the abonics ABCs yeah can you play that for me I might okay and also Barney do you have a song about Barney for any takes a dump yeah I think that's it I'll work on it okay thank you very much I'll see if Barney's eating yet okay all right thanks bye bye or we play this again you can't listen what you can't play too often I've been telling that right now okay because I do young people out there if you be want to learn something if you want to get real real smart I took your calls and eat bonnicks they say the future be Brad foe me now I can't get snow job cos I don't got no little earth tea I's talking like an old deep road he found it's taught the how this way now I can't do nothing but my heritage say that's okay change my name to shoot road try the dude send the code to ain't the candle lag I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars hanging outside the building their bomb Brian the blues about Barbity white there was got snow job holdy and I thought it by next week my life of change now I got to go and sell my crackle team crackle team crackle team crackle team crackle team crackle team crackle team crackle team crackle team loaning what a boy is song he bought and makes me sound funny got snuck on the dude with literacy now I got to make home my neck labor fool sounds good to me I got plenty of nothing he bought and couldn't get me anywhere maybe I was mugging a white bitch steal a purse and full of hair then I gonna take some money by his burial and the fridge it's there I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars hanging outside the building their bomb Brian the blues about Barbity white deal was got snow job holdy and I thought it by next week it my life of change now Veronica crackle team crackle team crackle baby baby What a douchebag on on one of you. What a douchebag. Jesus Christ for extra strength. Dexedrin. When you're getting crucified, the last thing you need is a headache. There's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world sends weighing under shoulders. And then some bloody, your sticks of spear in your side. Yeah! Jesus Christ that hurts. So when this thorny crown feels like a vice around my head, that's when I reach for Dexedrin. Oh, I am. I don't reach for it. Hey! Anybody got any Dexedrin? Hey, Judas! Could you throw a couple in in my mouth? Come on, I'm the savior for Christ's sake. Extra strength, Dexedrin. Because a headache is a heavy cross to bear. Happy Easter. We have an open line in day and six to two nine four six three two on the other timelines. It's all a bunch of bubble mice's. Look at the bodies of those 39 pathetic bastards out there in San Diego of all places. God, I do late for one to catch the spaceship. They said, yeah, not too late. You better hop aboard. And we, I think they were listening to Chris Moore and make me want to blow my brains out. Hot dog, hop aboard that spaceship. All right, Chris. The more I see him. So anyway, two open lines on the toll-free the worldwide the audio net. Not that I really care, but it just, we did have that one call from Georgia. We had a call earlier today from Georgia. How do you like that? That was it. That was a medley of our audio net lines today. And it's just, you know, kind of bizarre. It's kind of bizarre because we know you're listening up there in Wall Kiggen. We know you're listening up there in Eddo Bacoke or whether it's a hell it is. At Tobacoke, whatever they call it. That's where Don Cherie's got his new team. How you doing? Grapes, he's up there, listen. Here's Liberty City. Hello. Liberty City. He's gone. Liberty City, be gone. Okay, we have an open line in date. Six to two, probably shut their phone off. Let's go to a Cooper City. Hello. Yes sir. You're smoking? Yes I am. Neil. On Italiano, born in Apasqua. Born in Pascua? Italiano for a happy Easter. That's right. And what did you say was George the same thing? Pascua. Pascua. Pascua. Born in Pascua. Born in Pascua. Okay. Listen, I just want to tell you one thing, Neil. I'm trying to help now. One company, Josie. Go ahead. Neil. I'm listening. When you do the Lorenzo deal. Yeah. The little honey balls. Right. Now, maybe you would want to write this down. Strufully. No. Strufully. S-S-T-R-O-O. See the US plan says a double-O. It's in the emphasis is on the double-O. Strufully. Strufully. Strufully. Strufully. Strufully. Strufully. Okay. I put an accent over the top. Then they'll change the copy anyway. And I'll put the SS-Trufully. Strufully. Strufully. I like that. Don't you just love the way the attack is. There's a certain sound, a certain little, a certain rhythm. How that attacks. I love it. Strufully. You know, like by R-E-D. When R-E-D. My father-in-R was a boat jumper. And the first time I sit Stru up every in the tagging, I sit for G-L-E. She's no frog. Frog. Frog. Like only. Yeah. I know from Frog-E-D. I know Melan-Sano. I've planned. Right? Right. Right. I know if you're telling fruits. It's a matter of fact, my wife, she made this Strufully last night. Right. We're taking them over to my retarded bulletin ward. Okay. I hope she put some good in there. Bond your anl. Yeah. She was request. Yes. Because it's Easter week. How about my favorite guy. Brotherhood week. Okay. Could you do that please? You'll be getting it. Thank you for me. See ya. Bond your anl. So anyway, before we do that. We'll do all the back kids to look at the puppies. Do, who'd bend this? Who'd do I go to go? Do you want to run? Who? Who'd number be in? Who? Who? Oh. Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Finally! Finally! And now finally! Well, you're just way to minute in. Oh! Oh, that was still... Pandas! I'm sure it comes in another. You're too... Wait, why don't you find us all in butt there? I know that the Lord even loves Neorodges. All the white folks hate the black folks, and the black folks hate the white folks, to hate all but the right folks isn't all this established rule, but to ring national brother to eat. A right national brother to eat. Lean a horn and share with Clark, our dancing cheek to cheeky. Bunch of Neorodges, the people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school. Oh! All the poor folks hate the rich folks, and the rich folks hate the poor folks, all of my folks hate all your folks. It's American as Apple Pie, but to ring national brother to eat. New Yorkers love the Puerto Ricans cause it's very chic. Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand. You can tolerate him if you try. All the Protestants hate the Catholics, and Catholics hate the Protestants, and the Hindus hate the Muslims, and everybody hates the Jews but to eat. All of us and all brother to eat. National brother to eat. National brother to eat. National everyone smiles at. One and another hood to eat. Nice two people who are inferior to you. It's only four a weeks, so have no fear. Roll big, grateful light, it doesn't last all year. He covered just about everybody, but you know who he left out? Okay, 142 at WIOD. 16 WIOD. Oh, that was a nice. And now this public service announcement about Sally Strothers. For $90, you could close the child. For $90, you could help fight cancer, or you could feed Sally Strothers for a whole day, for just $90. I'm Sally Strothers. Working with starving people like I do can make it pretty hungry. And since there's not enough food to go around here, my food has to be shipped in every day. Your $90 will keep me fat and sassy, so I can set a good example for these skinny deletes you all be in. Remember, it takes more than shoulder pads and a big hairdo for Sally to do good work. It also takes food. Don't be in meathead. Give us $90, it'll feed Sally Strothers for a whole day. Or Jeff, hi. Or Dave Gain. Okay, we have an open line on the other time. I do won't get on the air because that's just the way it is. Life ain't fair. That's what Jimmy Carter said. It ain't fair. You ever see his family? Yes, sir. God and radio. On good Friday about billcolder. Do you have any type of tape around you that you can share with us from billcolder in yourself? Sometimes I feel that life is passing me by. Sometimes I feel that people don't want to smile. But when I listen to your show, you make me smile like a child. And you can help me get by my friend. Pickle it on my radio. Pickle it on my radio. On my radio. On my radio. On 47 a WIOD, happy a good Friday too. I'm sorry, Reverend, show here today as expected. If you don't like it, too bad. That's the way it goes. If you want to be Reverend, go to church. Put your knees on the floor and do something useful. Okay. Something that God will approve of. Does he approve of anything? Not too much these days. He's getting pretty pissed off. Here is a four-loader deal. Yes, sir. What a great thing about working for a goal. You get the day off today. I'm happy about being a hypocrite. That would have been ugly. Well, yeah, I just became a Christian today. So I can get the day off. All right. You can work today. Nothing like being a Jew on your number and a Christian on Christmas and Easter. Absolutely. I was on vacation when Brian Murray made the trade with Curt Mealer. Yeah. Curt Mealer. The ankle was bothering. But last night he was in a coma again. He's not showing me too much anything. Come on, Kirk. It's not the least no more. This is a playoff team man. Let's get with it. Yeah, that's what I heard. I wanted your opinion. Do you think that Brian Murray was trying to make Curt Mealer the next time. Brian's ruling the next time. You're out. To be. That because he was a leader at Toronto. I'm a big leap fan. Live it up and down. Not coming. Now let's get serious. You're saying Kirk Mueller was a leader on the leaf. Yeah, he let us write down to where we are today. Last place in the division. Kirk Mueller didn't do nothing. He was like a minus 8000. Yeah, but it wasn't completely falling. Yeah, I know, but Kirk Mueller. I mean, he had his moments. I think you've been done cherry eyes. But I think that's probably not the color of his. He runs hot and cold and you'll notice everywhere he goes. There's problems. I'm not saying I don't like to trade because I think predominance. Okay, he had an assist for Leafsteer the night tonight too. He's okay, but nothing special. And so is a good deal if Mueller plays. But I mean, if he doesn't upgrade from last night. And the Buffalo game. Were in trouble. Right, I agree. I agree. I agree. I agree. Too much. CBC. I do have the dish and everything. Yeah. Anyway. I do have one strange request. Yes, sir. last week when I took my vacation they were down and we were listening. I was just wondering as a strange request could you relate to story about when you were living a Michigan how you went to Northfield down on that guaranteed horseshoe had? Could you relate that over the air? The Northfield to Northfield Park. Northfield Park yeah. Right. Could you relate that? Well, we, you know, was somebody gave us in fact it was somebody who was a jockey at DRC in the daytime and there was a girl who was a friend of a friend of a friend of mine and she was dating the jockey and he said a friend of mine is driving a horse at Northfield Park and the Cleveland night called Mr. Z and this horse is gonna win. He's gonna be like seven or eight to one. So we left. We made our picks at Hazel Park that night and left with our friends money to bed on horses and Hazel all of which by the way lost they were nowhere. We get in the car and Detroit and they have to know we drive all the way to Cleveland and Northfield Park which I remember just west of the city I believe. Just east. Or just east just outside of the city. Anyway, we go all the way there and it's like in about the six or seventh race. Now the first five races I picked four out of the five winners. Okay, but I'm hardly I'm betting almost nothing because I'm saving my big plunge for Mr. Z. Okay, all these other horses are coming in four to one five to one seven and two pretty good prices. I'm betting like almost no money at all. Now we go to the window. Mr. Z opens at six to one. It's the one horse. However, this is 20 years ago. 26 years ago. Now he goes to five to one. And we're going to the window a little at a time. We don't want to knock the odds down too much. So this four of us, we're going to the window a bit in 20 here, 20 there. Because we don't want to knock it down too much. We bet the horse down to three to one. He gets away from the start of the race fourth. He sits on a rail fourth. He finished fourth and we drove home. All the way from Detroit to Cleveland to lose our ass. Have a great day, Pal. Thanks, Neil. See you. Then I came down here at Mr. Z. Of course, remember Mr. Z the limo driver? Talk about a pain in the ass. It was an omen. I knew in my life Mr. Z was a loser all the way around. Then we wound up with a lany the limo, a lany the limo, a lany the limo driver. Oh my god. You know who he was close buddies with, don't you? Brother. Broke. I mean, what's your name? So what do you think a brook makes of this new situation there? The Walter Sabo S. And then he says also last night that he's going to be moving down here very soon. Just remember what I told you, okay? Remember in the godfather he says whoever comes to you with this meeting, that's the trader. Walter Sabo is the trigger in the wood pile. She's in the building who Karen? Yeah. Welcome to season the building now. She ain't going to be on the air tonight. Or is that a mistake on your part? Is she going to be on the air tonight? No. She's your positive about that. That's what I was told. No passion clones? Okay, here's Miami and a mobile. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I got a story for you. What are you like inside the engine? I think the space should take it. Hello. Hello. Okay. Over and out. He's on a way to a serious. Here's something. Enjoy the putting by the way. Here's Hi, Leo. Hello. Yes. Is this all request radio? Yes. Colleen. Let's go. What is it? How about laying off the hockey? Yeah. How about laying on this? Here's a high-bought hockey in China. The show's almost over. How about laying off the hockey? Man, with nothing to say in all material, just a little cute side effects and out well done either. Okay. Very poorly done. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Why is he for the one holiday? It keeps bouncing around. You don't know if it's more to rape. Same with pace off. Okay. I'm sorry. I'm not Jewish. Well, why not? Are you anti-Semitic? No, don't trust. Don't trust knives. Okay. Around those little parts. Uh-huh. You know, why are you only where you think you're not circumcised? That's correct, sir. You are not circumcised? No. I have no force in all my guy. Brother. No comment. No comment. I'm just a goiim. Never. My parents didn't take me down there. I'm not about to do it at this age. Okay. We call this cult. This thing. A cult in San Diego. Yeah. I have Danny Paul Krott got on TV and told him make up some magic cool-aid. Yeah. Do you think we'd have so if you'd dead people around? I've been in probably. And because what a blessing that would be. Let's try it this weekend. Let's see if it works. Because one time they were on there, talk about how one of the new satellites going up was why the angels were told in Revelation. Right. That's right. In fact, I think Pat Boonkig win his good grace as back into the fold if he'd be the first one to sit from the cup this weekend. Oh, yeah. And finally, um, with baseball season come up. You're going to take a gander a a couple of games. Maybe. Because you get the marlins and the old companies coming up. You never know. Two men were not playing the tigers though. Oh, yeah. Because while I guess what, they just put games to pick the interest of people. Y'know, Yankees and the head like cross down rivalries. Orioles, yeah. Well, what's what about the what the owner of the white socks is doing? Just ticking off the cup spans. Why doing what? If you want to go to the white socks games, you're going to bite four other tickets, three other tickets for other white socks games. Oh, nice. And I still in a little pack. So the cup spans will say a scrum. Yeah, that's it. Okay, pal. Oh, yeah. Can you play? Come a lot? Let's go to let's go to a pop at Oelo. Oh, there's no. Yes, sir. Orea. Okay. Second size Canadian. All right. Now we're talking. I have no force. Can you? Hey. Listen, I was watching the game last night. And the fanters, mermole, like my second favorite team. Yeah. I didn't mind seeing the auto while win. You know, let us see a team has been sucking for someone here as you know, play updates and for a change. They played circles around his last night. I thought I enjoyed watching it. I don't want to see a net Alfredson kid in the action. They ran circles around his last night all light long. It's nice to see the underdog win for a change. And my watch. And they like smoking Boston. That's a surprise this year. Yeah. And a leap. Well, that's a surprise. Another big tire last night, 61 points. Baby, we're doing it. We're not going to finish last then he pot fan eat your heart out because the islanders are going to get that number one draft pick. In fact, it looks like we're going to finish no worse than third from last. And we're only like one point behind the kings. We could finish sports from last. How do you like that? Beautiful stuff. Hey, man. How am I request? If we got time. That's a big sauce one you got. That's what that's what's called. Okay. Thank you. See you. By the way, is that in here? I'm sure it's not. I'm going to check to be a, uh, not it's not. Oh, there it is. New from Beth Kills, boots. It's the all new taste and enhancing pallet pleasure and wonder sauce just in time for barbecue season. It's K1 steak sauce. Pilot on your taste, flies will thank you. Whether you're having a rump roast or a thick hardy tube steak, G1 makes it better. My pot brown roast with the hit of a party and I too take those down easy. Thanks to G1 steak sauce. G1 steak sauce is not available in stores. Just call 1-800-G-SOS and we'll drop a tube bullet gay sauce right in your mail box. Are you on a diet? G1 steak sauce is lone calories. But I impro hate. G1 steak sauce packing in the flavor. No, we're going to do that. See, the consultant is going to let us our us critique a passion clones. So anyway, so she's not working tonight. Did she tell you why she going, uh, Bob pizza for everybody. I'm having somebody taste her right now. Ha ha ha ha ha. Just remember the one who comes to you with this pizza. That's the chicken right in a wood pile. 157. Hey, welcome to WID Erin K. Whatever your name is. Okay, and uh, cut it out.