610, W-I-O-D presents the Neil Rogers Show. To talk with you, I'll call 622 W-I-O-D in date. 767 W-I-O-D in Broward, Mobile 1 and AT&T Wireless Customers can call toll-free at Pound I-O-D. And now, not only across South Florida, but across the nation and Canada 2. Call toll-free at 1-888-474-W-I-O-D. And now, the Neil Rogers Show. It's Friday, you bastard. Thanks to the state of California, the Bones has become an official language, but on the East Coast in Brooklyn, Pizonix is ruling the street. You guys check out the B-M-B-M-B-Nos on that broad and get a lot of her pulpa. English translation, I really enjoy her company. So last night, I banged the hell out of this chicken this real classic joint. English translation, I made love to her in the back of my camera. Yeah, yeah, I'm the main tenants to rack the world, the youth hang out. English translation, I'm a janitor at the elementary school. If you'd like to get your copy of Hooked On Pizonix, just stuff some money in a plain brown envelope and shove it under the back door of Mario's over on the west side. And will be in time. Hey Pizon, did he didn't say Mario did he? I went to Bany Chair, then I scored 15 goals for him or I went to spy. There's Yagra first in back in, he gives a fucking money. Really such a star, he tied a second. Where are you on the view, get to it on. The pen puts me again for four, on all of the slick, from Colonel Crary on the view. Well, I was some game last night to watch, which of course, unless you had the small dishes you didn't see it. Too bad if you don't have the small dish. What are you thinking about, huh? So you will get 700 solicitation calls every other day. But it's worth it. If you don't have that dish, man, you ain't watching the squad. How about those marlins? Nobody cares, but they're three and... Oh, three and what? I thought exactly right. And they're doing it, Alex Fernandez. Dave Buu was a major success, Kona and hits a grand slam. Nobody cares, but they had 30, what was it? 32,000 people are last night. You see, in order to make the two and a half million that somebody was writing about the other day who doesn't have a column today, by the way, and if he did he still wouldn't have apologized to David Albert's dream. But at any rate, in order to make two and a half million, they got an average 30,000 a game. A little more than that. Which may not sound like much, you know, at first glance, since we did 3 million the first year, but that was the novelty factor. They got an average at least 30,000 a game. Just keep that in mind, unless you want to lose your baseball team, okay? I mean, I'm not going, but don't worry about me. So more stuff in the newspaper again this morning, huh? More stuff in the Sun, Sentinel, more stuff in the Harold, I'll tell you one thing. At least Barry Jackson's found some other stuff to write about. Not too exciting. Is there too much marlins on TV? And is that gonna hurt the attendance? Good point, Barry, for a change. That's an interesting topic. You think there's too many games on and watching the games free if you can sit in your living room comfortably, especially in July and August when it's gonna be 140 degrees in the shade. Would you rather sit on your ass at home and watch the game free? Or would you rather go out there? For like 20 or 25 bucks, and sweat your ass off and fight with the mosquitoes as big as bowling balls. That's the question everybody's axing. So I guess we'll be eaten, find out. But then at the end of his article, this just seems to be compulsive in our local newspapers lately. More speculation, more stuff. I'll be forward with you to that. Here's Roger's quote of the day. Wait a minute. Roger's quote of, oh, I'm sorry, quote of the, oh, thank God I need to quote of the day. Roger Crosher, corporate sales hole, our plastic sales guy who's in the building, I understand. His quote of the day is, generosity is giving more than you can. And for like 20 bucks, generosity is giving more than you can. And pride is taking less than you need. Which I think what he's trying to say is pride is working for Paxon, taking less than you need. How do I Roger? As playing Roberts about that. As the people with their talent checks every month, taking less than you need, less than you earned, less than you deserve, it's the Paxon way. Thank you very much, Roger. That's a nice silk suit you're wearing too, by the way. All plastic people wear nice expensive silk suits. 10.05.00 W.I.O.D. So anyway, a berry Jackson writes today. As the rumor mill continues all around town, they're all doing it, baby. He writes WQAM sales status. Telling advertisers that W.I.O.D.s. New Rogers will join WQAM by October, but WQAM says it is not ready to make the announcement. Norman Kent Rogers attorney says a deal is close. WQAM has made a multimillion dollar offer that blows away W.I.O.D.s offer Kent said, and a quote by Berry Jackson. Pretty sure today, Berry. And thank you so much for not putting in all of this information that some people were feeding you. I don't want to mention Jay Hoker by name. Then anyway, on the inside second page, made people a news again today. We're getting almost as big as Howard George. We're just mentioning a few of what zero is on the paychecks. People in the news, no ugly picture today, no fat, no ugly picture today, but Rogers to pitch for sports stations. And it doesn't have anybody's name signed to this one. So I guess Jick is too embarrassed to keep put, as long as they don't put their name on it, they don't have to say, wow, we made them made them another mistake. The embarrassment fact, it may be limited. Rogers to pitch for sports stations as an opposed to catch, which thank you very much for that. Because there are a lot of people out there wondering, is he going to be pitching wherever he's going to be, or is he going to be catching? Probably neither. Although their softball team is pretty weak. It says W.I.O.D.610AM Talk personality, Neil Rogers, has tannedered his resignation to station auto-packs and communications. Effective September 30th said Rogers attorney Norman Kent on Thursday night. Kent also confirmed that Rogers likely will move to all sports station WQAM 560AM. WQAM made an offer that blue packs out of the water and Packs and said they couldn't match it, Kent said. Rogers makes an estimated $500,000 annually on his current contract. Where do they come up with these numbers? Wrong. Rogers announced on the year two weeks ago, he had signed a new contract with Packs and through 2002, however, Packs had never received the signed contract. Oh, thank God. I mean, so that's the end of that quote from the Sun Sentinel. This morning is the speculation continues and on and on and on and goes, all I can say is, I don't know. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil, this is really exciting. What is that? You're getting out of there. Yeah. Who said that? I guess, uh, Chicka did. Whoever wrote that said, yeah. Norman Kent said it. No, but, uh, Packs and they're a bunch of idiots. They let still Henry go. They're letting you go. I mean, two of the greatest talents in radio. What about the dolphins? What about the dolphins? What about the dolphins? The dolphins, man, did you default? Yeah. What about, uh, what about, uh, what's a one-man-diera? Are they going to put out in Burkeback midday, dig them up? Yes. Are you going to go and Neil? Am I going what? QAM. I don't know. I don't know. You know that old saying the less said the better? Yep. I show up here every day, don't I? Yep. Every single day I show up here. What packs in here in asshole? Okay. Thank you so much. Okay. There's a good call to get us started this morning. Ha ha ha. Oh, man. You know, it's amazing how, uh, this time you couldn't, you couldn't keep anything quite in this town for more than five minutes. If your life they held a gun, if they stuck a gun deep inside your gun, they put an oozy up in there. You still couldn't keep it quite because basically what this town is all about. It's yenta central. Everybody's got stories. Everybody not only Joe's a gacky up there with his big eyebrows and loose lip. Everybody is hooking back in fourth and bop bop bop. And let me say it again. The limited number of baseball fans we have out there. They think that the big topic conversation is that the marlins are off to this great start. That Alex Fernandez pitched a good game that Keith Brook, Kevin Brown, pitched a great opening game, seven inning one, hitter, etc. And so on, they're not talking about that in the dugout. They're talking about his knee or really leave it. Oh, exactly. I have that on very good authority, by the way, from people who've been very close right there in the locker room, right up close in personal, right under those steamy shower heads. That's where I'm getting the information. So make no mistake about that. So it's an all request Friday. It's all, we're going to play jingles today. We got, uh, we're going to kill four hours today. Cause it feels like holiday doesn't it? And there was no traffic this morning. I mean, if people earlier in the week missed their opportunity to get there a lot of this town, they sure are taking that chance this week at Paxton Headquarters. A major mahaia, or the, or the, or the messiah they say. I said, the haia, you say messiah. Here's Delrey on a mobile. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Wow, 10 years of listening to you. I will follow you anywhere. Uh, I, you know, I don't know if you're going to be leaving or what you're going to be doing, but, or wherever you go, we're going to be there. Yeah, of course. And, uh, you know, I think everyone is aware of that. I don't know. I don't think Paxton really wants you around. Yeah. I think deep down inside, they don't want your kind. You know, you're spewing all this great stuff and we love it. Yeah. But, uh, I don't think you sit in. I didn't want some juke of agatious done here. No, I don't think so. I mean, I think they want some total line, uh, liberal, uh, you know, conservative, crazy man out there. Great. I'll tell you, Rush Limbo, they already have the rights to that INZ. I think it'll be great when they start soundle casting Rush on IOD and INZ. That should be pretty good. Don't let them change you. Don't let them change anything. Don't let who change me. Anybody. They're not. Anybody change you or tell you what to say or do. Yeah. They just like you are. No, Walter Sabos is we got to have a lot shorter call. So have a great day. And thanks for listening to 610 WIO Day. We have an open line and, uh, the other, I can't stop doing that. Because I love Brooke and I got a very nice note from her. I saw her yesterday. She says that she's not being manipulated by Walt Sabos at all. She only keeps the call short when they happen to be boring. No, wrong. Well, that's what she said. I'm not wrong about the manipulation part, but believe me. I mean, just relax. Once she's here long enough, she'll discover that. You can't afford short calls. Not in this time. You got to milk one for what are each one is worth. Because if you're going to have like short calls, you better hope that you have like 7,000 calls in, uh, three hours. Which is what she's on now from 6 to 9. And that business about getting, I get, you know, I don't care what anybody says. That's a contrived thing, getting those call it. We match the call it as a zillion times. In fact, every time you give the phone number out, which we give them a lot, we have the phone numbers as part of WIO Day. Do you understand what I'm saying? So rather than saying, thanks for calling 610 WIO. I hate that. I hate it. It makes my skin crawl. Not just on this station, any station I'm listening to where they're doing talk. And they say, thanks for calling WIO Arcale. I'll get out of here already. We know what station we're listening to. Some asshole consultant told you to keep saying that. See, I hate to break the news to you. But you can keep saying the call letters a million times an hour. And if people aren't listening, the ones who aren't listening aren't going to hear the call letters. Oh, no. You didn't say that, did you? Let me say it again. Maybe the ones who are listening don't know what they're listening to. Yeah. Well, if they're listening to WRKO, I mean, I believe that. Although my good friend Jerry Williams is still there. They pump him up a box of dinner every morning and he's still alive. Jerry is 98 years old this week. He's still on the earhack in a trident. He still sounds exactly the same as he did 35 years ago. And he's still doing a job. At a boy, Jerry. Jerry Williams, man. I'll tell you one thing. Jerry is a great, great, great legendary talent in the history of talk radio. But when we work together at WNWS in 1980, I will say this. He was one of the few people I ever worked with who made me feel beautiful. That's how ugly Jerry. I mean, he's a great guy. But he's got a face and a body for radio. I mean, I'm ugly, but believe me, Jerry Williams is just a real strain is looking to do. This is amazing how all of us ugly people wound up on radio. I mean, beautiful people like, what's the guy in Meet to Press that I can't stand that asshole. That liberal looking, what the hell is his name? Whether we'll read complexion, whether it always looks like he's skin is falling apart. On Meet to Press, come on Tim, I want you to show him. Tim, uh, Russard. Oh, God. Well, he's no Lawrence Spivak. I'll tell you that. Now, you're not old enough to remember Lawrence Spivak, right? Do you remember Bill Monroe, who used to say a bash in because he was from New England on Meet to Press? See, that shows the lie, believe the longest running show in America on TV. The longest running show in North America on TV is hockey night in Canada. How do you like that? But anyway, they used to be a guy named Lawrence Spivak, who was the first host of Meet to Press was on her for he had these dark, grilled dark, black rim glasses, you know, and was kind of a short, uh, know me, look at me really, really know me and homely. Today, Lawrence Spivak could never get on the air. He could never, he wouldn't get on the air for two minutes today. See, back in the early days in television, if you were like a good journalist, you'd be on the air. They didn't care what you looked like, but today unless you're like a cannon barbie doll, forget it, you ain't getting on. Unless you look as lovely as, like, say, Brian or cross. Ten, fourteen, a W or like, uh, Dwight Lodderdale, or else sunshine. Or else sunshine, who's hockeyin with those arms man. He's hockeyin with those big, who? Dave came, or Dave game. He's off the air. He was a little bit too lovely, like in all parts, like a two lovely all over the screen. Now, maybe when we get HDTV since it's been approved now, we get the big wide screen. I think Dave games gonna make it come back. All right, ten, fifteen, a W I O D if. Ten, a six, ten, W I O D. Uh, I think it's hard to think, see. I believe we're ready now, thus. Congratulations, Mr. Jackson. Here's your new baby boy. Would you prefer a paper or a plastic? That's the tears. I can't wait to get you home some more, and show you your new pacifier. You're my dear treatise baby. What a lovely way to perpetuate my therapy, you're young. I can't wait to get you this baby. Come on, you won't need a grip, because all carols are close to pure. Oh, I want you to hold it. Oh, to follow him, rope made it. You'll get all your dissolving. My love will be unswerving. Until you reach for a team, you'll make it be displayed. Come on, sit on that is land. He has a game to play with you. Daddy wants you to bet the lady proves. Oh, show me. Ten nineteen and W. I. O. D. What a thought. Any way we have two open lines in date, six to two nine four six three. All are powered. It's going to be a very slim day today, and I'm very well prepared for that. I would like to pass along a message by the way that the packs and people, including my close personal friend Peter Bouldier, and that is so much paranoia is really quite unnecessary. Okay. We are not going to be erasing all the stuff out of the DCS. We're not going to be spiriting stuff out of here. We're not going to be doing anything devious or deviant. Well, maybe deviant, but certainly not devious. And I just continue showing up every day and George does the same. And we continue doing our damnedest and best and bang on our head against the wall to try to stimulate a couple of calls out here and entertain the troops. And I just do it. But for some strange reason, there seems to be this lack of trust that exist like which day are they going to come in there and we're going to come in the next day and the whole place will be empty. Now, we haven't had people that we've worked with over the last several years who were liked that. I don't want to mention a by-by name, but I'm sure you can think of one or two, George. Who, if you like left on a Friday and came in Monday morning, maybe everything in the building might be gone. Might or maybe most of the stuff that was movable and wasn't tied down. By the way, that is a very nice, so Sony TV that we have up out in the wall, and that other monitor that any CM monitor is looking pretty damn appealing to me right now too that you come down to it. I would love for that to be my home. So when do we have to turn in our car keys? Ah, man, talk about lack of trust. It just wounds me to the quick as a radio professional of so many years having worked with some of these people in the past that their paranoia is so deep that they really believe that we're going to come in here and spirit crap out of here. I mean, what is in here anyway that we would want to spirit out of here? Like, I think it's hard to think, see? Oh, we can't do a show without that. Yeah, well, let's take that. What about? Making serves. I love you, I love you, TV. What about that, do we leave that? How about we apologize? We apologize, I'm sorry. I'm never doing it again. Yeah, we're taking that. Here's Miami, hello. Meal. Yes, sir. Happy Friday. Then back to you. Happy April 4th. Yeah. You'll clock through the abril. Yep, that's it. I mainly just calling to you. Thank you for the hockey ticket, so you gave me about a month ago. Which game was that? Bruins. Oh. The Bruins. Yeah. We lost the game, but that was bad. Yeah, it was against the girls team, which by the way, the Rangers had a five-one lead. They had a four-nothing and then a five-one lead last night against the Bruins. And the Bruins made it five to four and they made it pretty damn nerve-wracking there in the last couple of minutes for the Rangers who just had a mediocre win last night. That's great. And then I flip back over to QAM. I'm sorry to say, but. So, if you happen to leave, I don't think we'd be listening to IOD anymore and I have a feeling there's a lot of people who just listened the same thing. Well, we'll pass it along and thanks for listening to 610 WIOD. Okay. And have a great weekend. Bye-bye. Okay. We have an open line in date 62294636222WIOD. See when you give those numbers out of many times, you get those call letters in each and every time. I just mentioned that for all the consultants out there who think they're really sharp. Instead of doing this very obvious and painfully contrived thing, I've got that year on 610 WIOD and thanks for calling 610 WIOD. And by the way, this is not all ready. I can't stand it. No matter what the call letters are, enough with a crap already. Okay. It's bad. It's annoying. And the last thing that we want to do, accept on this show, of course, is an ODI. It's the whole purpose of this show is to an ODI. So this show is an exception. But generally speaking, you would assume that most of the other shows, one of the things that they would not want to do is annoy the crap out of the audience. Well, we failed to avoid the audience. We had to be doing our job. Here's Palm Beach on a mobile. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. When you roll my window up just to check out your shots. Sounds like what do you do to me? What's that? I said, yeah, I have a great day. We have an open line on a mobile on purple line at Palm Diode. We have one in date, 6229. For it wasn't it? Or may it might not have been. I don't know. You sounded too much like what he said for me. Hey, we're close enough and the board goes back. Two open lines in Broward, 767, 9463. So who did you like best on concentration? Hugh Downs or our James, who else did concentration? Who did Classic? Was it was now extra beck was it? Classic concentration. You might have. He might have. No. Hugh Downs did it for years. Then our James came along and he done it and the show too. And then they brought back Classic concentration, which was like, it might have been a extra beck. Who is Canadian by the way, so we can't be all bad because he's not a frog Canadian. But on the other hand, it's quite annoying with that. That jeopardy thing meant people are watching. Jeopardy should be shot. Anybody at Washington show is a pseudo intellectual and a major asshole. Jeopardy. Thank you. Oh, I hate that you're watching because you can't get into the answers. What? Yeah, right. I don't want the answer. If I know the answers, I know I'm in trouble. If I watched that show and I knew any of the answers, I know I'm an asshole. I do quite well. And Duns, parto. Let's see, Duns, parto is the answer. Now, who the first one was jeopardy was Art Fleming. Was there somebody in between him and Alex Trebeck or not? No. I think they're bringing back what was the little guy that's off themselves on Family Food. Ray Combs. I think they're bringing back Ray Combs. And they're going to just sit him in a chair. And prop open his mouth and have all his teeth sticking out, and see if he can tell a difference between him and weak Martin Dale. Maybe they'll bring back Jack Barry. Joker, Joker, Joker, Joker. Oh God, poor Jack. Too much time at a slamer, Jack. He was never the same after that. Rest in peace. Remember Jack Barry? You don't remember Jack Barry from the Joker's wild, even? Oh, okay. But that was when he was old and feeble. And guess what? When he was younger and less feeble, he still was just his bad and amateurish. And also, he was involved in 21. Didn't you see that movie? Which I never did yet to see by the way. I hear it's very good. It was about Charles Van Doren and El Friedev on Nardrov. And the fake show that was Jack Barry and Dan in right, is that who it was? Very good. Then it was a fixed show. And Charles Van Doren, who came from this very wealthy New England family. Scholars, scholars of brilliant blue nose people from Boston University and Fordham and MIT and however they were from, they were both college professors. Right. And Charles Van Doren was on era taking the big fix. Taking the big fix. And I remember one time on the $64,000 question, which was, and I would hal March, which was one of the other shows that was in the scandal I was fixed. And they had this guy on there. Oh, they, I also remember they had Winston Churchill's son on. Winston Churchill Jr. He missed the, let's see, they start with 16. He missed the second question, the $32 question, which is like, wait, they had the week it is. Ah, it does, sorry, you're wrong, go on. Seriously. So here, I guess they were, they were too embarrassed to fix it with him. That would have been bad. You know, the queen would have been pissed off. And the queen of England too. But anyway, there was a guy on there one time and how March blurred it out the answer. The first name. And in fact, I'm going to tell you what a memory I've got. It was a picture for the Cleveland News. It was some question about sports. And the name of the picture was Jim Bagby. How do I remember this? This is 100 years ago. And the old farts in the booth, you know, evidently is, is, uh, miracle, he wasn't working. He couldn't hear their coaching him. It's Jim. He couldn't hear it. So how March said, oh, we know you know it. It's right on the tip of your tongue. It's for $16,000. Come on, you can do it. It's Jim. Oh, excuse me. And there was a long pause. And he said, Jim Bagby. And how March said, absolutely right. I'll take any responsibility by the end of that was in. Sir, I remember that one like it was yesterday. Jim Bagby. How could I remember that? That is, that's frightening the way the human mind works. A man who is so feeble, a man who's got such bad Alzheimer's that he can't remember where his house is. He needs a compass and a road map, meaning me every day. They have to lead me home with it with it. Leapy Lee shows brings all the arrows and points him in the right direction. But I can't remember Jim Bagby and how March on the $64,000 question a billion ago before almost any of you were born. That is terrifying. So the answer is, I hate you, pretty boy. If you watch, you're pretty man, you're not a friend of mine. I'm going to tell you that right now. Oh, here's an old guy. In fact, there used to be a guy with the same name as this guy before I tell everybody who this is who was on the $64,000 challenge. Yeah, he was so bad they had an expert silver at the desk because he couldn't remember the anthem. He answered. Sonny Fox. Hi there. Remember him? Hey, by the way, are you going to take my drop with you? Am I going to take? Hi, this is Sonny Fox. You bet. We want to keep you. So how you doing since you did such a good guess too good of a job filling in there on the morning show? Yeah, well, it's really amazing radio. You know, you're lucky you have a, well, you're not lucky you're smart. You have a good manager in a lawyer. Yeah. I bet on my own since mine went to jail. Yeah. And I don't know after seven can't imagine who that was. After 17 years of a top five radio show, I can't get a job. It's a good, because I don't want to leave town. I love it here. Yeah, but the one good thing to notice is that since you left that morning show on magic, their numbers are tumbling like a brick. Oh, what are they? I don't even know. They're just, they just keep going down and down. I can't even see that good anymore to see numbers. That's small. That's true. By the way, you've got a game show. Yeah. I don't know if it was how much somebody else, but you remember another six show called Dotto. Sure. He said draw the lines. You have to guess what the picture was. But who was the host on that? Oh, you said his name a few minutes ago. Not check, Barry. No, he was still wrinkle by the time he got done. He was like an animal. Are always our James. Not our James. Not our James. No, no. No. Raycomes. No, that was full years later. Tom Kennedy. No. Jack Nars. Maybe he was Jack Nars. Yeah, probably. Jack Nars was on all those real bogus shows. Right. But many parks. And Jack, Jack Nars was like Tom Kennedy's brother and Lars something. Oh, really? And then there was Alan Ludden. Well, anyway, you said you need someone to replace you. Let me know. Convied it. Oh, Perconvied it. Classic concentration. By the way, he's dead. Also, you know, who else is dead? Alan Ludden. And now that he's dead, we can mention he was a fag and he was married to Betty White, who's that we think is something else. Yeah, I was going to say to remember who he was married to. Betty White. Yeah. Does that answer all your questions? Yes. I'm not. I'll just let him know. I'll do your show for you. Okay. Okay. See you. Good luck. And back to you. Okay. Sorry. Fox. There. How do you like that? I don't know what he's wishing me good luck in. Because I'm here every day. I show up day after day after day after day. Every day except vacation days and or six days, six days. I'll be here for a while. 1031 at WIOD. Oh. 610 WIOD. When McDonald's in town, she's not listening to us. Oh, Neo. My queen. God. Hey, boy. Let me see your license there. What's the problem, officer? I'm going to fast. Won't you say? What's in the bag seat? Nothing. Crack rock. Sitting in his bag seat. I said crack rock. You can sell on the street. You can smoke it. And you'll catch a good buzz. Just don't get full over. Five, the first kick-up. Singing with a big band. He's a kick-up. His next kick in his hand. He got busted. With three pounds of dope, so bent over and picked up the soap. The party's over now with J-A-L. You got busted energy. A-I-A-L. You were what's the big star. Then you made the big switch. And until you're just both busted, so party's over now with J-A-L. You got busted energy. Probably be great radio to follow that up with prison bitch or with... We have two open lines in date. 6-2-29-46-36-2-2. Max is in the other room walking around with a big smile on his post. He got a cigar as a size of an elephant's repository in there now. He's got a big one on a cigar too. And he's on a way out. He's leaving. He's going to them. He's... oh man. When he leaves, I'll tell you all the stuff that he said. And by the way, I echo those emotions. Anyway, let's go to a Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. God. I hope Rick and Sudd... are they going to leave too? Are they going to leave one? The station. For why would they do that? They have a contract through the rest of this year. I know, but after you're gone man. I hope no. I hope they don't have a no-compete clause because they need to money. They're going to force packs in the fire if you go. Yeah. I never looked at it that way. Hey, if I should leave here, they'd be the big banana on the block. Yeah, but that's... You're going to be the big-a-lunch a lot of. They're going to have some brews on those bananas. Well, that's... well, sometimes you get a bruise on your banana, but you just keep pushing. Hey, well, they just don't understand man. People listen to talent and not the station. What's wrong with that? Right. Well, they don't... they just don't get it. How many times have you heard me say that in the last six months? These people don't get it. They didn't get it before. They don't get it now. They don't do not get it. They never will. But I'll tell you the light bulb. The light bulb stations that have like less than a one-shure. They're great with those. They're... it's like... it's their father. It's father for their thing. Father for their... Like he said in the... in the Godfather for your father, for your father. And have a great plan. Thanks for listening to 610 W.I.O. Day. We have an open line of day. It's 622. I love your broke but God, if I ever hear you say that again, I would never hit a woman. But I will come in here with a rusty tube by four and at least hit the something in here. Not you, but... Oh, man, it gives me the willys. It makes my skin crawl. I get chills in fever and... Oh. And start thinking about bubonic plague and leprosy and everything when I hear that. I don't know what there is. Open line and broward 767-9463. Anybody see that penguins hardford game last night. Like I said, what a game that was. Oh, sorry. Don't want to talk about hockey. Anybody see that Marlon Giddens? He wants second of that. Was that on? I guess it was. Did not see one second of Alex Fernandez even with a 300 pound ass. He still beat the crap out of the cubs. And I understand I had a frantic call from a Norman kid. And I thought this must be something important about all this crap. And, uh, all Marquray says, pulled it. And I said, God, I wish I would have seen that. He pulled us something, a rather poor Marquray. And then Sia Sandberg made two errors on opening day. The cubs is usually have like that big, big black albatross. Hang it over there next. Even Stanley Dancer can't save him with albatross. Even the bird james from Windsor, Ontario. Even Harry Harvey couldn't save albatross and isn't that ashamed. By the way, Nia Tross is going to make an appearance at, um, pop at a park in December. I just thought I would mention that. Just thought I'd tossed it in there, okay. And by the way, fat rich his horse came in fifth last night. Because he locked wheels with Bobby Morario. I get a call this morning, corner eight is fat rich. B-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-p-b-b-b-b-b-b-d-g-s. Open line and date 60. Can't win every race rich. you IOD. Here's Miami on a mobile. Hello. Miami on a mobile is gone. Oh, thank God for that. It's like I said, thanks for calling 610WIOD. We have an open line on a purple mobile line at Pond. Well, even if they're not there, you're still thanking for calling 610WIOD. And see how many times you can say that before you just aggravate the crap out of the audience. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, long time listener. What if you blacken that there? All right. You have a black one. Yes. I can call them. All right. Hey, on your show, we'll see we'll get some guy call something about two blue hamland. My wife went to Memphis and on the way, so I'm not that a message. They got all kind of a casino there. Right. The long of Mississippi. Right. A long of a Mississippi. It's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi thing. Right. I didn't know you knew about it. Yeah. They got in Biloxi and they got it in Gulf Port and they got like living and breathing people into places are really hopping. I understand. Yeah. This was in tune again. It's zero. Hopefully it was and they had to be in horseshoe from horseshoe to see them. Right. And I took your advice and then stayed long because they got the horseshoe. We got the horseshot. Yeah. Then stayed longer to the grand out of the ATM. Oh, ladies, you got a little bit of a plunge but very nice. But you had a good time though, right? Yeah. There you go. That's all that cuts. You only live once, man. So many money. There's great. And two, I wouldn't get one. Then small dishes. Right. And the cable coming here is the hard time. I would be capable. I don't want to go from the door and slung it in there and pull this stick up your foot. All right. Excellent. They're true. Try to get it right. But I can do a shameless request. Yes, sir. If you still got that one where my friend, my friend, my friend lives in a big double wide. Remember that one? It's been a while. My friend, clam lives in a big double wide. Yeah. It was my friend. My friend lives in a big double wide. It's not a sure. Whatever you say, I think you just slung it. You're saying you do done it. Yeah. If not, if not that one, I've just been certain. But I know you got that one. I've just been circumcised. Yeah. We have such a thing. Is that? Yeah. We don't have that. Just a bowl of leg leg peanut turner. Oh, just been circumcised. That you see, you've got to get the names right. Okay, pal. I told this to you. Yeah. I want to hell you losing. I wasn't circumcised. Oh, I told you man, I wasn't fine with the chicks. He said for 50 bucks he quit my tips. He looked at his wife's tennis. He had the times. It was pretty much longer. I wasn't circumcised. He knelt down and turned around and gave me a leg. He said I'm gonna cut him. I'm right here at the frame. I felt the shirt and took him then. I started to strain. I caught my draws. I thought of George. Mine he's got weak. I couldn't feel it on the left or right. I only know mine. He's worth but his time. I just feel I was put in a couple of steps. I'm over like a caliber. Oh, I just been circumcised. I dropped my draws. I thought of George. Mine he's got weak. I couldn't feel it on the left or right. I only knew my jeans were quite as tight. Now they're coming minutes when I show it to you. I just been circumcised. I like it. Wow. 1042 a WIOD. I wanted it. I guess we better do the break. Because it's an all-request Friday. We got a lot of pressure. You're coming up with stuff that we never heard of before. Like Clemen the Devil WI. We have an open line in Broward. 767-9463-767-WIOD. Thanks for listening by the way. Whatever this is. So anyway, if you want to put a big round run in your post like Max is got right now in the other room. He's got a big dark round run in his post. 610 WIOD. I can have an orange at him. That's driving down 95. We got what you need. It's the morning show. You're waken music. Can you believe this? When the daylight's breaking, you're ready to always make it. I went into this thing. You got to hear the book for the rock comedy stuff. I had something specific that I wanted to play. I looked it up. I didn't hear it as I found it. I put my finger on it and it's not the right thing. How do you like that? It's number 180. I got 180 on the thing. I'm looking at this number 180. Week of 11695. Oh, it's the wrong week. Uh oh. What does that mean? It still says 180. Yeah, but I got what it's 180 on the sheet for 116 and 1113. This is 1113 and 1120. Oh my god. Wow. That's probably another part of our plot that we got to screw this whole library up isn't it? Which I had nothing to do with that. I don't know. Boy, that is a frightening thing. Now, what about this to the other one? Should I try the other one? Because this one says, oh, god. Oh, you know something? Somebody screwed up because this is a contemporary comedy network disc. Not the rock. This is a contemporary stick and it's a CC and on its SCC and like I said, I screwed up. I didn't realize you put that crap in there. Did you, did you know that you put this crap in here? Yeah, sure. You know, how would we want that crap? Nobody wants to hear that. Just hanging around in envelopes instead. In fact, let's leave that stuff. Nobody wants that. Of course we're leaving that stuff. Jesus. Oh, we're going to clean it up the clutter and getting out of those. Oh, those. Oh, see. I wouldn't wish that on a light bulb. They wouldn't play that crap. Did you hear that thing? You disks in each slot. Good. Golly Miss Molly. And look what I just said. I'm so nervous now. I'm taking the disk out of the thing which you already got it in. That's how panicky I am because these things are mislabeled and they're going to start getting all paranoid. Oh, we know what it's a plot. We do you couldn't trust that son of a bitch. Don't trust that little lost pick either. How much for a kid? Thank God. How much for a kid? Good again for a nickel could I get it for a quarter? He costs more money than I'll miss. How much for a hug? How much for a hug? Could I get it for a nickel could I get it for a quarter? He costs more money than I've got. How much for a quick feel? How much for a quick feel? Long me first. I get it for a nickel could I get it for a quarter? And would I get a good deal? No. Can I touch your I need? Can I touch your I need? Could I touch it for a nickel? Could I touch it for a quarter? Okay. Would it have to remind me? I've got no money to spend. Whoa, oh, oh, oh you be my friend. Could I take a spar? If you please get in my car and I'll say to you How much for aum job? How much for aum job? Could I get it for a nickel could I get it for a quarter? Can I afford home job? Yeah. Oh, hum, job. Now, you're probably wondering why did I go through all that trouble I want inspired me to play that at this particular moment? Well, we just played the promo, where we were talking about seeing the WOD how much this weekend. And I thought it wouldn't that be a great segue, but I think it lost something in translation with the three minutes in between of patchking around. So my profuse of apologies. You believe it? Are you buying it? When's Jeff Cohen coming with our Friday company lunch, by the way? Which we are starving over here? Our good friend, Jeff Cohen, from PizzaLaw, to I'm sure is going to bring lots and lots of good stuff for us, any, he better. Or I'm going to talk about the stuff that I saw while I don't want to go into that. Here is a Carl Springs, hello. Niel. Yes, sir. Speaking of Humdry, that sounded like their negotiations with you could they get you for a nickel, could they get you for a dime? Now you're a little bit high. That's right. Well, I just want to call it, I had a radio accident. That new chick they got on after nine. If I wanted to play a song about negotiations with packs and I had to play pennies from heaven. Yeah. And you're absolutely right, Niel. I listened to that new girl. I thought it was going to be broke. I thought maybe broke him. Yeah, I called him sick. And you call it, I get the call. It calls on that. Chances a lot and she just thanks for calling. Thanks for calling. Right. Is that what she said? Well, I don't know where she does it. If I think I does it, people don't get it. What's up? And she's already hanging on the bottom. Thanks for calling. I OD calling. And I'm thinking, what is she talking about? I can't get anybody to even talk on the radio. Yeah. She hung up on them. It's this concept. It's a water stable thing. I don't care. Anybody denies it because we had a seminar way back in October. And I'm all disabled right up there and told us that the shortie you keep the calls the younger the listeners. Which of course is ridiculous right on the face of it? Because you can keep the short calls to two seconds. And if you're not talking about something that young people want to hear about, they're not going to listen anyway. So what does that have? You know? But I'm you were talking about not to be a calling. Not to be a young to. But Tom Jick had got four hours out of your yesterday on the light bulb. No. He did. Tom Jick was on who show? I think he was so in infrecredeworthy. Yeah. Who was that guy? The new chick they got on. I'm forced to turn over to somebody else. Yeah, I don't blame him. And they had a job. Tom Jick was on last night. You're talking about how Neil's doing this and Neil's doing that. And yeah. Guess who he says is going to take your place. Who's that? It's a done deal. Steve came. Yeah. Oh. I almost fell off. I almost fell off. Oh, right. You can't walk. I was drove off the road. Oh, you're mouth to God's rear. I said, now, there's a guy who can't make it on a one-spot station. Oh. Could these people really be that dumb? Yeah. But I got to say this Neil and you're just bad. Was he serious when he was saying that? You know, I believe he was. He came on this station. He keeps saying that. Again, like if they don't like Neil, but you, they're going to like Steve did you? Yeah. But I do got to say one thing for you, Neil. I think if I think someone else had said it, I think everybody who listens to A, that's not listening to your show was listening to the quam probably. Yeah. So it's just going to be a double kill and if you leave. Okay, whatever that means. All right. And give time a big kiss on that vault spot. Well, and ask him how the chemo's coming. Wow, I think he's on the FPL payroll, though. Is he saying all the talent they got over there? He was talking about the great talent they got on the light. Oh, if he had his teeth. You don't think that Steve put him up to that show, dude. Well, I'm just saying if he had his way, he'd have Alice and Steve came over there already. Oh, my God. Alice, Rand, tell him, Steve, can I? W, I, O, D. Oh, hey. Then what can I tell you? Oh, maybe they'll just simultaneously. All right, but I'll be listening to for it to listen and for the Doug McLean show on your show, no. No chance. No chance. You don't think that? Not until my lips heal up. Why? Thanks for calling 610. Thank you. W, I, O, D. We have an open line of date 6294, 632. So Tom Jickus has Steve, canes going to be doing mid days. Woo! Man. That's all that coming. You really believe that? They're going to turn it into the bright light bulb. I don't believe it for half a second. I don't believe it for a 1 million, for a millisecond. I mean, I know there's a lot of dumb people in this company. They have several different degrees, dumb, dumb or end dumbest. Which I think is the name of the law firm that represents them. But at any rate, Steve Kane, in this slot, in this chair? Oh my god, almighty, the thought of it makes me just want to start smack in my lips. And talk about that good parmese and cheese. By the way, speaking of parmese and cheese, where it helps Jeff Cohen already. We have an open line in Broward 76794637767WIOD, 1055 at WI. Oh, day. I can't say it's bloody cough. It comes on again. We're gonna have some fun. Here comes on again. Everybody grab your gun. People starving in the street, human flesh from me. Before horse spin, come and don. Here comes on again. Put on a happy face. Here comes on again. The end of the human race. Oh, we're just having a little conversation. And we were speculating. It's 1101 at WIOD, happy Friday 2 a.m. We were going, bop bop bop bop and join you too. Enjoy your cigar there, Max. And have a great day. And thanks for listening to 610. Here's the lady in plantation. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Hi. Happy Friday. I just had a couple of things on my mind. And I've been holding a long time. So I'm gonna start with, I listened to these idiots who call up and say, you're not friendly at the games. And that's a bunch of b-s. Yes, a bull crap. I came over to you with my kids during the Tampa Toronto game. And you could not have been more gracious. That's right. I mean, it was, it was fantastic. Oh, now I'm getting deep. It's probably one of the solicitors that call your house. So you're not home for their call in me. Yeah. And second thing, you were talking about the game shows. We think over here at Robert Q. Lewis did concentration after Hugh Downes. Robert Q. Lewis was dead for 100 years by that time. Well, then this. Robert Q. Lewis, what show is he on? Way, way, way, way back. I loved Robert Q. Lewis. I liked him. He was a professional panelist. He did to tell the truth with, with Tom Post and in Colin. Right. Peggy Cass and Orson Bean. Right. He had black glasses and a list. He had a list. Robert Q. Lewis had a list. I kind of like a speech in the head of it. I never remember that. I'm telling you, sure. I really loved was Panama Quiz with Mike Stokey. Oh, that's before my time. Stokey Stokey Stokey Stokey. And Hans Conrad was on there. I remember him. And he was also on the Danny Tom. And who was the little guy that used to be on the tonight show? The first one, the a little short guy. More Amsterdam. Oh, yeah. He was always on Panama Quiz. Am I in a gangold and Hans Conrad? I remember them. Yeah. And now we, of course, have stuck with art climbing. Who we hate. We like art climbing, though. Well, what's our plumbing on? Well, he did, uh, Jeopardy. The original Jeopardy. Yeah, but he's not on any more, is he? Yeah, he's dead. He's dead. I think he's dead. No, he's not. He's alive. Our plumbing is not. Danny might as well be, but he's not. I think he lives in Lake Worth. OK. Or should be. OK. So I just wanted to make those comments. OK, and don't forget. And he's hot, eh? Have a great day. OK, one more thing. Yes. If I had to listen to Steve Kane, talk about his penis injections, and Lori. OK. I'm a source of the U.R. OK. Good luck, Neil. Thanks. Uh-huh. Bye-bye. We have an open line at Broward 767-463-767. WIDD, what are you smoking now? And they're lighten up all kinds of things in the other room. Some of them are not even cigars. This is a licenciado toro. A licenciado toro from our buddy at Mike's our Paison. Just came yesterday. I haven't spoke one of these before. And the first in its excellent. And the first is excellent. They mulked a band. Very, very mild and young. Mulked a band. It's 1104 WIDD. Go D.C.A. Quattro. Here's Key Largo. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. I want to talk to you about the Alex. Alex Trebek. Yeah, he was on contact concentration. Well, that's what I thought. Yeah, you're right now. Now it's coming back because he's the newer one. Right. And he's the of cars away. Right. Right. That was on for what? About 20 minutes. And then they canceled it. Yeah, yeah. Didn't last too long. Yeah, it sucked. Yeah. Anyways. But now I just want to say it. It might be he, how come they're not getting any respect down here? I know. They pounded, uh, who was an Indianaer, whoever they'd be. He just pounded 11, not out of the last night. That's NBA record. Right. Right. And. Right. They're smoking it. Nobody even talks about it. They don't even exist. I think about the panthers in the marlins now. Yeah. And just wait for the dolphin start playing the new kid. That's right. They're that you won't even have room for a basketball between your knees. That's not because I'm not a basketball fan, but these are a lot of respect. That's right. They're doing it. All right. Plus plus of course, this is your heat station. So we ought to be a Yenorms fan. Yeah. We had a release pretend we care about it. We didn't feel like nobody cares about that. Even though we don't. And they're doing really good decisions. Yes, they are. Can I? Let's congratulate Mickey Erison and Pat Riley and Zoe and Zee and, uh, Doe and Ray and me and the heat. We love them. All right. And we especially love Halberstam and by the way, Mike Mayo still hasn't apologized in the paper yet. Well, anyway, can you share with your question? Yes, sir. I think like I named him. Yeah, we're in the future. Where is that? That's not, I don't know if it's in there. Well, why wouldn't it be my name? Huh? But it's not. Well, then if it's not. And as well, one of those that I give you, I'll tell you what. I'm going to find it if it's the last thing I do. Okay. Can I also do one more thing? Yes, sir. Yeah, John Owens is a disrespect. Okay, pal. All right. Thanks a lot. Great day. We have an open line in date. 629463. That must be on one of those that I gave you. Do the crack. Not a mini disc. No. Oh. One of those that we're stealing. Not. I just want to say that stuff to get to them really more paranoid. How can they be so paranoid? My good friend Pete Bullgear. I mean, talk about trust. Trust is a word that is not in the vocabulary of these people. I just cannot. It just warns me to the quick. Doesn't surprise me because that's the nature of the business. They're all real, you know. They think that everybody else is a sneaky and underhanded as they are. If we're going to go like spear hitting stuff out of the DCS and even though it did practically take a stroke to get the DCS in here in the first place. So we could actually have our stuff over here like the cropy or bigger and better than I've ever seen them. Exactly. Like that. Or like. And that's a big bite. Exactly. We have an open line in date 6294636222Wild. Here's an I did I hang up on you before because I thought you were Woody. I don't know who you thought me. I'll do this route from Boston. Oh, you're not Woody. You're not Woody. No, no, no. I'm sorry. I thought you like every two years every time I come down here. Yeah. Did I hang up on you? You hung up on me accidentally. Oh, sorry. No, it was not an accident. I'm sorry. Okay. Anyway, I'm from Boston. I'm from the Craig Wardings. Right. I used to stay there. I'm staying with him for the weekend this weekend. So many said he's not on the air. I hope he's on the air because I'm on his way to the house right now from Palm Beach. And I hope he can be there to stay with anyways. What does that mean? No, I'm just saying somebody said Tom Jick had filled in from my study. I said it didn't mean that he's not home or something. I know. I'm not going to come right up to this anyways. I just moved a Boston. I'm from Massachusetts, but I listened to Jerry Williams all the time. Right. And I didn't know if you talked to him recently, but he's not on the air anymore on the weekdays. He's not. He's been bumped a weekend. He's been bumped a weekend. Yeah. Two hours on Saturday and two hours on Sunday. That's it. Are you sure? I believe in L.S. and RKO 24 hours a day practically. Oh, it's starting to have an effect. Except for how we carve. You know him. He's a moron. I don't know. No, I can tell you if he was under the mail. It was an all day long. Okay. I'm just down here for a minute. So I guess what's Jerry cheering to hit the century mark once he got to 100 they took him off the year. I mean, he is excellent. Jerry's still sounds the same as he did 35 years ago. Yeah. I was never born then. Well, I was. I wasn't. In fact, I lived in Boston in the early 60s. Jerry Williams was on the air back in those days. That's right. With Arne Ginsburg and Melvin X Melvin and those guys. I don't remember. I was supposed to meet you like 50 times. Craig was always going to bring me over to meet you. And I never even got a chance to meet you. Let's keep it that way. Anyway, you gave me some CDs a couple years ago. Two years ago I called and read some CDs. It sent one and then sent another one and somebody stole them. And I moved. Yeah. Anyway, I could get some of those. Send to my house and Boston when I get back. I'm going back next Monday. No. No. No. Why? What were they? You know, your Neil Roger CDs, 94.95. Well, we might have, you know, 96 and 95 stuff around. Yeah. George will tell you what you're doing. George will tell you what you're doing. And like I say, I'm still on Rome right now for my phone. Cause still crossing your buck a minute. You know, you know, Rome, Rome, Rome. Yeah, I do. I know what I think. But it was great to talk. Okay. Hold on. Nice to hear from you. Hang on. And George, you're here with him. Okay. We have an open line on the out of town line. One triple eight four seven four nine four six three. One eight eight eight four seven four. W I O D. So the rumor is that Tom Jick was on fill in for Craig last night on the light bulb. And Tom was saying all kinds of stuff. All kinds of speculation. I'm sure Rick Riley is probably very up very upbeat about the prospect of, but you know, it's that's the way goes in the business. I mean, if all those rumors were too, you know, who'd be on I'd be on back to back with. They're very sad. We were at your Dawson. I love that. Hey, that's what I was going to say. And we get along fine. Don't let any of the other stuff. I mean, we might have some food fights. We might, you know, disagree about who's going to eat most of the food. In fact, you know, something that should be something if he's hearing all these rumors. He should be salivating because you talk about anybody can get some free food and that joint fast. This is the guy right here. Trust me. Here is a candle. Hello. How are you doing? Great. Do you think it's possible you picture the band Bishop on the internet? Make it? Yeah. I wouldn't be surprised if you got a big screen. You know, I'd wait for that HD TV to come out. Do you remember the chance that you were in Dave's game? I'm sorry. You remember the chance that you had it borders in candle? Sure. I showed up like right at the end just as you were packing up. I was too chicken to say hello because you know, you were getting ready to go. And Rick had already left like when I was pulling up into the parking lot. I was sure. Well, Rick's not out of there like a bad out of hell. Yeah. He was. I wasn't even, I hadn't even found my parking space and he was already leaving. Sure. And I was chicken to say hi so I wanted to say hi now instead. Okay. I have a shameless request. Yes. It might be. Do you remember something about Mr. Rogers' neighborhood? Yeah, vaguely. Do you have anything like that? No, I don't. No, because I mean, you don't have a bit like that or something. I don't think so. No, we don't. It wasn't acid trip that I'm sorry. Yeah, it was. All right. It was chicken. They were teaching strong rhymes with Bung and have a great day. We have an open line rhymes with 6294636222Wild rhymes with Leach and Bung. Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. All right. And you're not asking now. Huh? I said, okay. You remember those kids that killed themselves? The thing that just passed about the alien abduction? The kids that just killed themselves. Those 39 people that died. They weren't kids. They were kids. The youngest one was 26. Do you know that before they died, they took out an insurance policy. Yeah. For alien abduction, they paid them $1 million each. All right. Are they serious? Yeah. I thought I'm the news yesterday. They got insurance for vampire transformations and alien abduction. All right. God. I wouldn't be surprised if they wind up on the Jenny's yoncho. Excellent. All right. Thanks for the good news. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. And I'm in just kind of a festive party mood. I'm not really sure why. And like I said, fraud you, patient people. I show up here every day and do one hell of a job. If you ask me, I'm just smoking it, man. That's exactly how's Larry Lou Jack doing. By the way, let's play Larry Lou Jack. Think. I'll have to find the card. Right. I've got some Larry Lou Jack stuff on the mini discs, which we don't want to posky with those, do we? And you never put anything here, did you? Did you ever put anything here? We were putting it in here. Huh? Oh, you did! And you didn't even realize that you did put some of the stuff in there. Nice going, George, like I said. So we might do that because I love Larry Lujac, back in the days when he was looser and when he was on the air, underlining the looser part. It's 1113 at W-I-O-D. 10 W-I-O-D. It's not your radio. It's just real static. And the viewers without badge in a cell. For my feminine itching, I depend on badge in a cell, cream to stop it instantly. And for a painful burning itch, I get maximum strength badge in a cell. Free even stronger, really. Excuse me. Yes? Speaking of someone who doesn't have a vagina, I have what may seem like a silly question. Uh, yeah. What exactly would be wrong with you that you would have all this itching? Oh, well, many number of things. Uh, generally rotation, for example. Yes, I understand that, but I guess it's the painful burning part you mentioned that alarms me. I mean, this constant burning and itching would seem to indicate some kind of problem that might actually require legitimate medical attention. But vaginus, they'll can stop the burning and itching. Yes, but what I'm asking is, does it cure whatever's causing all the burning and itching? What do you mean causing? I mean, sure, you might not be actively burning and itching anymore, but it's still be a carrier. Carrier, you know, it's still got a typhoid Mary of sexual disease. I think you're far. Oh, come on, admit it, you've been sleeping around. You think I'm stupid? You think I don't know a painful burning inch, but look at what's this my guy. Five guys last night. Hey, you're complaining at 40 in this morning. I didn't know about the first four guys. It had to be dead. That's the last time I went out for you. What's the? What? I'm 30 dead. I'm 30 dead. I got a bruise. Get it. Five girls, cream. Imagine a seal. Maximum relief for notty 30, 30, notty little girls. Okay, it's 11. 18. W.I.O.D. We have an overnight and brown. 767, 9463, 767, help. What the hell was that? Out of control, man, this machine is out of control. I love it. I'm looking to take some of this good equipment with us. Well, we're not going. Are we? Here's Liberty City. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing, Neil? Great. I think you have a wonderful show. Yes, I do. Yes, and I just want to say that if anybody does not like you to cough, they really don't have a sense of humor. That's right. They're too uptight. They're too uptight. They're humorless. Like all these women that pretend they don't listen to the show, because if they admit that they listen to what they think that makes them something, yeah. Like sick and perverted, which they probably are anyway. Well, I really like you personally because the world is called man. No matter what color we are, I mean, we all face in a lot of problems in this world of day. You have to have a sense of humor. That's right. It's the only way to get by. Especially when you work for these people, you gotta have a great sense of humor. You gotta laugh your ass off. That's right. Well, keep up the good work. Can I have a request? If it's something that I might find, because people are asking for some real off the wall craft today. Well, I don't know the, I don't remember this song exactly. Oh, but it's about this woman who's saying that I'm brothers of corn. I think is elders something she would butter the corn. But it's not a song. No, it's a bit. It's a thing. I got it. Okay. Have a great day, pal. You too. And put the butter away. See ya. We have an open line in dead. It's for listening to 610 W. I.O.D. We'd be listening to it. 6229463 in open line in dead. If you move quickly, I guess you better get used to hearing that. If you move quickly now, I'll think they're not doing that. I thought they really doing that. That would be so. Hi. This is Jocelyn Elders and I'm mad. Man, it those right wing sons of bitches that force Bill Clinton to find me. Just hold her to hell. They think they are. All I was trying to do was deal with the reality of 16 ages. Maybe if Jesse Holmes had busted a chip or a new gang rich had butted the corner a little more, there wouldn't be so uptight. Flogging the dog never hurt anybody. And if people did a little more that we might save some lives, hell if Clinton just stayed home and spanked the monkey, he'd even be in less hot water. Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal. We could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like seeded. Run. When you see Dick run, get to the doctor because you picked up a bag case of crouched crickets. Folks, we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in. There are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride and parking their yacht in hair harbor. Now, if we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickle, pump the pie thong, walk the door, wax the carrot or tickle the taco. We don't all be better off. And that's all I have to say. I'm going home now. I see if Mr. Elders wants to pop it into toast and hail oyster and buzz the umbrella. It's 1121 at WOD. It's Jingu's. It's requested. It's a fun Friday. It's the holiday week which everybody has gone, which good riddance to him because it's very little traffic. Boy, that was a miracle this morning. I thought, man, I'm worth it in my brand new 97 Corvette, about 165 miles an hour right east. Do we each done 595? Either way, nobody inside and I'm laughing every second of it. That is, by the way, very, very, very fast car. I mean, a frighteningly, I finally punched it yesterday just for the hell of it. I'm tired of babying that car. It's got like 400 miles on it now. And I'm not going to sit there and baby that thing and drive it like 110. You know, I got to get up to 160 anyway. And I really punched that thing. And it's, it's does it very quietly, though. It's a very bizarre kind of a ride. Very quietly and very subtly. I just bought a bing, smoked down a road and leaves everybody behind like what the hell just happened, like a rocket ship. That's right. Unlike the 96, which as it leaves everybody way back up to road, you feel it in your foot and the car too. You can feel it. It's got that real, a little heavier, not like the old vets where it felt like so heavy like your ass was scraping on a road, which is a real bad sports car ride. So the good part of it is I got two Corvets, but I'm like in the past, they're different cars. Isn't that a great way to look at it? I think it's a brilliant way to look at it. Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm going to take a little issue with you on this David Halberstein thing. I agree with you. Who is this Michael Mayo doing a voice? No. Take issue with me about what? Well, I agree with you that he has the right to say what he said. And I agree with you. He should not have been fined. And I was so funny. So what? He took sides with Mark shot when she said what she said. Because Mark shot is a well-known bigot and racist and anybody who knows if you read Jick has column in the paper, which you probably didn't last Saturday, he points out that people in Odevitt Halberstein know that he's a real liberal guy and he's done a lot of things for liberal causes and racial harmony, etc. And so on. And he's a real good guy. He's not a bigot. He doesn't have an ounce of bigotry in his body. He didn't mean it that way or his mark shot when she says it, she means it. Well, all I'm saying is that everybody- Did you hear what I just said though? Did you hear what I just said? Well, everybody has the right to express himself. They're opinion. I mean, maybe you don't agree with it. But you know what? Nobody should be fined for expressing their opinion. Yeah. And that's the only thing I, you know, I'm- But that was not an opinion. That's what I'm trying to tell you. What kind of opinion is that to say that they would have made those slaves might have made good basketball players. So it was just a funny, was just a play on, it was nothing. Well, it was not an opinion. I'm not if we people did not take it that way. Yeah, I think most people did. There wasn't one complaint. Nobody called his station. Nobody called the heat. And until Channel 7 made a big song to dance about it. Nobody gave a crap about it at all. Well, like I say, I don't disagree with your, you know, your- But Mart shot is a lunatic. She's a bigot. She's a racist. She's an anti-semite. She's an anti-human. Mart shot is a piece of third. Right. And, you know what, don't she has every right to say? I don't like her. She has every right to say it and the people are major league baseball. I've also got every right to say you're not fit to own the team and be a part of our thing and goodbye. That's right. All right. Well, that's where you feel. That's exactly the way I feel. I think, you know, major league sporting organizations have got a responsibility to a police who they let into their thing and their fraternity. Okay. I mean, next you're going to say that David Duk should, you know, own a sports franchise. Well, I think he's been on the new way. Atlanta. How many of you have enough money? He can do it. You know what? Atlanta. Okay, pal. Thanks for listening to 610 W. I.O.D. We have an open line at Broward 7679463. That Halberstamp thing is that is a Dornelle. And we could close the book on it. If Michael Mayo would just develop a small pair and write one sentence in one of his columns and say, Neals Wright, I apologize. I was wrong. I went too far. That's it. That's all we're asking for, Mike. From one, you know, to another. From one launch window and other. That's all we're looking for. Apologizing on the air was a beginning. But unfortunately, not everybody who reads that raggy, or is it listening to the show? Unfortunately, they are. So like I said, forget it. He will. He won't put it in there. Don't have the balls to do it. And the paper wouldn't let him do it anyway. Because the papers do busy making up stories about whether I'm going. I'm leaving what the date is. Or leaving September 1st, by the way, George. Not really. But that was in the other day. Just keep putting a different date in there every day. And they'll keep tuning in every single day. Oh, he's still there. Great. Thank you guys. Couldn't buy that kind of coverage for a billion dollars. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neo. Yes, sir. Probably a stupid question. And I got a request after I asked. Okay. What's the stupid question? How hot is it? Because I'm thinking about moving there. You know, the other day with the high was 49 degrees in Vegas. It's not a matter of fact. The summer, the highest it ever gets is about 115. If you've been there in summer? Yes, I have. Is it brutal? No. I mean, hot. Yeah. When it's 115, don't feel more than like 112. I got my allergies. It's just terrible. Don't hear what the humidity. Dry heat dry heat. But let me say this. It's very, very dry heat. So I don't know how you're going to respond to that. But like this last time I went January 17, between the airplane with the among on the plane and then going out there, my lips are still all dried up. And it's very slowly that they're coming back. I mean, real slow. My lips are as dry like the skin was scraped off of them. Somebody told me like they're getting nose bleeding to so dry like that. It is very dry. Really. So if you got, huh? Can you adjust to it the after time? If you're there for a while? I don't know. I never lived there. I mean, I don't have a problem with myself. I find it is very, very dry though. And if you've got an allergy problem, I'd hop out of plane, go out there for a weekend and see how you like it. I would wait till like the middle of July, look into papers. See when it's going to be like sweltering hot, what you will be? Go out there, check it out. And the whistle, there was loose 20 or 30 grand. Good point. Good point. My, my request is, yes. I don't even know if something was still handled on time ago when he was talking to Larry King, he was something about on behalf of the Big Wilson family. He was saying to him, you know, I'm personally insulted. Yeah. Do you have that interview? Yeah. Where do we have that, George? The Larry King called a Phil Henry. When he thought he was talking to Bob Green, we have that somewhere. Thank you. An investment somewhere. That is. He said something like on behalf of the Big Wilson family. Not a family. Like a, like a, like a one, like a best of we plan the weekend best of. No, no, we got no, you're wrong. We have that. I played it. It's on a card. I'll find it, pal. Thank you. Have a great day. It's on a card back here somewhere, George. So let's start. Let's see. This ain't it. That ain't it. No, seriously, we do have that somewhere. Was Larry, oh, or maybe we don't have it. You know what? Maybe Phil Henry's got it. Let's call Phil in California. Let's see, it's 830 in a morning here. I'll be wide awake now, not. Let's call him out there in LA and wake him up and say, hey, get that out and stick it in your car machine there in your apartment. And let's hear it. And he'll say, click. We have an open line on the out of town line. One triple eight, four seven four nine, four six three, one triple eight, four seven four, W-I-O-D. Are you sure that's not in here somewhere? The Larry King thing with, huh? I wouldn't be at all surprised. Look at that. I mean, so horny. No, not that one. How about that? It's a great radio. Like I said, it might be in there, but... I will not give it to you. 1129 and W-I-O-D. 610 W-I-O-D. The work's not ready to have a heard in my life. I'm on W-I-O-D. Larry King is with us online three. And I think Larry's in Washington right now, Andy. Larry's in Washington. We thought we'd bring Bob in to ask Larry a couple of questions. We were all with interest told about some of the comments made by Mr. King to Don Shulov the weekend. And of course, Don Shulov retired last week as head coach of the Miami Dolphins, Bob Green is in studio with us, Larry. Hello, Larry. Hi, guys. How you doing today? Super. You're getting ready to go to Los Angeles? Yeah, it's no stop. I have to two and a half days of being trapped here. It's all blue skies now. We go about three feet on the ground, which is, I think... Guys, it's no absolutely snow and walking. Yeah. Every time I try to do it, I'm going to the Midwest a lot. Every time I try to travel up there, it's like every time New York is shut down. It rest the country gets shut down. Now, everything is shut. I mean, if anyone's listening in Miami and that flying to the Northeast... Larry, how you doing? Hi, Larry, Bob Green. Bob Green, how are you doing today? Fine. I wanted to take over a little segment here, a Phil Schoff, I could... Sure. Because we were... And I mentioned this to you when I called you originally. First of all, Henry Barrow sends his regards... Not that I've talked to Henry since... I'm in Henry. Henry sends his regards, Shell sends her regards to you. That's great, Shell's to work on there. Yes, she is. My God, she'll be... She'll get her source of security there. I'm not going to tell her that. Okay. I'm not going to tell her that. Got. Frankly, Larry, we're a little bit... Taking a back, I guess, is the best way to put it... by comments you made to Coach Schoela... on your program. I understand it was Friday evening. You know, I was taking a back one. I had two different friends call me. Mm-hmm. I think it was... One quote Thursday night, one call Friday... when it was learned that Don was going to retire. And they both said, boy, if you heard... your old radio station, I said, no, I worked at 20 years... with the only station ever to do the dolphins. They said, they're creamen them to death. It's what you mean, oh, there's a site... he's a Romanian, a colon in and a same personal things about him. They're vilifying them and there's a guy in the morning looking at... an accommodate, he should be out of coaching, and he's too old... and another guy criticizing the way he looks. So when I heard that, two different people... what I said to Don was, I heard that the station I worked at... and you worked at, because Don and I did a show together every day. On WIOD for... It was a wrap in you, and he said, he had... He said, well, I'm just finishing. I'm sorry. Then he said he hadn't listened to talk radio in two years... but that he'd heard about. Well... So if I'm wrong, tell me where I'm wrong. Well, first of all, we were not personally attacking Coach Schiller. We certainly do a talk show here as you do. We have several. What we did do, and any talk show would do, certainly relative to a story of this kind of local import... was invite our listeners to call and voice their opinions. The host had no personal opinions about Coach... Neil Rogers, quite frankly, if you speak to Neil Rogers... or Rick and Sides are any of the shows here, had nothing but the most glowing things to say... about Coach Schiller in his retirement. Now, while... Neil Rogers has something glowing to say about someone... Neil was on the day the retirement was announced. Neil said nothing about... I'm going about the fourth of a time. I'm going to tell you about after the... after the retirement, the whole city of Florida. I can assure you this, Lane. What about the fourth of it? I can assure you this... There was nothing personal in any negative statement made by Neil Rogers. What kind of criticisms would that be? That he was... His coaching ability had begun to slump. That the game perhaps was passing by. That it was time to make room for a coach. And as you know, the popularity of Jimmy Johnson here as well. Well, I wrote in my column three, as Jimmy was kind of coming Coach Miami, and Jimmy told me that. He still constantly says hi to, isn't it? Oh, good. Let me say this. Yes. There's a way you can do it and awaken out to it. Now you can encourage colors to vilify. I've been doing this a long time. I am standing. I started. I know that you're with our radio station for a minute years. I'm not a do talk show. Daisy Pupernick. And I know how you can storm up a crowd. And the people who told me I have faith in. So you're telling me that Neil Rogers praised him. Larry, I would not even bother you. I wouldn't even bother you with a phone call. I'm not talking about after retirement everybody's younger than anybody. I'm talking about before Coach Shula another. Four years of followers personal or insightful. The callers, some of the callers may have been some may. And they were, what did you say to them? We got rid of them very quickly to be perfectly honest with you. You know, you're inciting calls were off the air right away. They were off the air right away. And I apologize to Mr. Rogers for his fairness. Thank you. The rest of the staff and the two people that told me, you must have been here in thing. I got to tell Larry, I take what I do very serious. Hello Larry, Bob's a little emotional. I'm sorry. I take what I do very seriously. And to have our radio station vilified done next. No, hold on. Second, Bob. Your station. I was on the way. We're all on the way. Get blood, but glass water is something. How long have you been general man? I've been here since 1992. OK. I was in Miami two years ago. The worst talk radio I've heard in my life was on WOD. You see, it's comments like that that I think are very unfair. Do you want an opinion or not? Do you think Neil Rogers is a good talk show host? I think he's the best in the business. I think he's the worst of ever heard. I think he's the best in the business. Well, is your crowd of him? If you're crying because Neil Rogers has been vilified. What would I need to do here? We're going to have a minute. Larry, could I go on Neil and cry with each other? Alright, Larry, can I jump in for a minute? It isn't saying. Well, I've got enough general manager here. It's crying to Bob if you can't handle this. I can do this or whatever. I can handle it. I never heard of worst station. Alright. I think that's patently unfair of you and I would demand an apology for that statement. I'm having an opinion. For saying that this is the worst talk radio you've ever heard. You know the influence that you have over people. If you were a talk radio I ever heard. I demand an apology for that statement. I will not give it to you. I demand an apology for that statement. I'll ask you again as a gentleman. What do you ask me to apologize for vilifying a radio station? Why am I not a soul to? Bob, I think Larry's expressing an opinion on that. Oh, Bob. Shut up, Phil. You're the general manager. It's telling you your host is shut up. Bob, what I'm asking you to do is to... Hey, guys, I don't think... I... When I was on that station, you could look up class. Right. Get WOD written this. Clutch, your name is... Who is your work with? Who did your work with? I work with... Oh, and... Big Wilson. Oh, he was terrible. Goodbye, Bob. He was absolutely... Wait a second. I'm not going to talk... No, but wait a second. What I... I'm a half of the big Wilson family. I demand an apology for you. Wilson, by the way. You called him, Carol. All right. So, because the kettle... Can't call the pot black. Okay. You come on, guys. Did a Wilson thing. All right. I apologize. Right. Now, wait a second. You can build a call, dear. Bill, caller, was probably one of the best I ever heard. The great count. He did what was the thing to get. He was a terrific... And, by the way, he was a very close friend of Neil Rogers. Do you think Neil Rogers is a talent? Either Neil Rogers is the preeminent radio talent in America today. Now, I... The word talk your host, I've ever heard. We can go... No, we can go back and forth from this spot. You don't even know your own state. I'd be half Rogers' family apologize. Bob, this... We can go back and forth with this all the time. Oh, what is that... What's that crowd-possessed thing? I apologize. His mother is listening to me. I apologize to Neil Rogers' wife. What is that crack suppose to be? He said his family. I'm talking about his mother. He has relatives in this house. All right. I would tell his mother that he raised the son who's a terrible talk show host. You'll be up here, Bob. Either you can go on with this or you can't... I'm not going to use my opinion. I can't believe it. No. I can't... Bob, listen, man. If you want to come on to the crime for Neil Rogers... He's like crying over here. Given Neil Rogers' family... I'm sorry. Well, sorry, Bob. Hey, Larry. Larry, can I just ask you a question here? Where is... Where do you think Coach Schuillet is going to be going after this? Do you think he's going to... Well, I think he's going to be... He's going to be vice president operations. He's not wanting the team. He's going to run the team from that standpoint. But do you think he might want to entertain any other coaching possibilities? You notice a rumor that... I've also wanted to ask him. I want to deposit. Bob, shut up. I don't believe he's the general manager. You know what? At this point, neither do I. Yeah, I don't. He can't be general manager. Is this a... Well, you know, I'll taste it. Are you done with my cocks? Yes, we are on my cocks. You know, I do... I do charities for cocks every year. And I've made appearances for the cocks people all over the country. Have you raised money? I don't. Thanks a lot, Bob. So anyway, 1142 at WOD, we all want to money back Larry. Well, I give it to you. Anyway, we have an open line on the other side. Come on, just $50. I will not give it to you. At the 1-Trival 847-49463-1888-474-WOD, how about a little bit of the truth, Larry? I will not give it to you. Oh, damn it. 610, WOD. How about his functional is Al-Bundy? That gets me. Hey, the real question is... What Marker Room, Chair, are you going to most likely be at? Which one would you like me to be in? Have you been in the shower at the pantsers? Those are real men. Oh, hey! If I was but taxon, yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. All day long, guy, the baby, the baby, the bomb. If I was to beg some going, I'd buy up all the stations, like the life of lovin' Zeta, I'd see an IOT. I'd have loved some money in the bank, annoying ones are going like right. I'd have a radio network that nobody carries, but everyone has that underspots. TV cable, real estate, I'd vote, oh. You perked. I'd have a half a dozen big epistations and 607 AM stations too. And that's just in hell and they'll all lovin' Roy. If I was but taxon, yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. All day long, guy, the fiddle with my number, if I was more taxon's boy, either we arrange the full map. Yeah, no, no, no, no, no, not a big game. I'd have shackles, you know what I mean. I'd be richer than the freakin' queen. When high-zingo would be turning cream if I was that pex and going. Oh, hey. One, one, forty-nine, man, it's almost time to get out of here. This thing is moving like grease lighting. We just turned a clock head two hours and even said it a night yet, Sunday morning. I love those people, by the way, who set the alarm clock to get up to a clock in the morning. Near Lafin, but there are people who do that. Instead of putting the clock ahead an hour, you know, when they go to bed, they set the alarm for two in a morning so that they're doing the right thing. I guess so they won't go to purgatory, or even worse, burn in hell. You will burn in hell, by the way, if you set your clock ahead before it took a clock in a morning. So Saturday night, just go out and stay up late. Just get drunk. That, of course, if you get drunk, to a clock comes around, you're gonna be passed out. You're gonna miss out. Then you'll be late for church Sunday morning. Here's plantation, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. It's too bad you missed the marlins game yesterday. Yeah. Every game they have a trivia question, and have a self-floor to celebrity, give the answer on the air. Yes, sir. On sports channel. So I was expecting, you know, like Madonna or some actors that are after the live-down here. Yeah. Guess what it was. Larry King. The rimman. The rimman. What's all this care about it, yeah? Yeah, they taped them at Miami Arena. Right. It was on the air, him giving the answer. And Jo Angel said, I never really thought of Jeff Rumor as a celebrity. Yeah, because a good point. Nice, John, Joe, I always do you write on top of it. That was definitely the highlight of the game. Did you hear Larry's answer to the head Larry King on their askin' a trivia question? I said, Larry, what's the answer what he said? Oh, well, I give it to him. Yeah. But anyway. Yeah, so today's the last day I can listen to you because I've squaw him on the dammit. Yeah. What a pain in the ESDAT is, huh? Let me go to stay home. That would be a good idea, but you're learning a lot more from this year, we're then from a pain in the ES school. I definitely am. Amen. Yeah, so anyone on that note, could you please play old man, Rimmer? Absolutely. Thank you. Have a great life, pal. Good luck to you. See ya. Bye. Good luck to you, sir. Very good. Oh, by the way, we haven't played this in a long time. Yeah, I'm having a delicious year of station. I'm so disappointed to get that spot off and say the clock at night. I have nothing else to listen to at night. Please, let's get it off. We know what the end-joy is, sir. Thank you. Oh, Jeff Rimmer. It's a dream, Jeff Rimmer. The parks must be flyin'. Cause now the show is dying. We just got rolling and now all the colours are shining. If a person was the kiss, Chris Wells asked and not penetrate. Would he be the Rimmer? I got some bad news for your boys and girls, ladies and gentlemen. Art Fleming's dead. Oh, are you sure that did somebody call in on their crap? Oh, my god, they're dropping like flies. Art Fleming died last year, no less, 1996. A day that will live. Guess what, Malalan, he's dead. Oh, nobody cared about it. That to me was one of the worst days of my life on the year in this town. Was the day I come in, the announced that Malalan had just died or was in a paper that morning, whatever. I come on a year and it's like, nothing. Nothing. I mean, you, of course, being so sports intensive, you wouldn't care George. But I mean, Malalan died and nobody cares. All these new yorkers here. All these janky fans. All these people who grew up walk through up watching now this week in baseball. But all for the last 85 years since he's been doing it before it got to be over 200. The great Malalan with that wonderful voice with that rich, so without going, going, gone with that, and nobody cared. So I guess if they didn't care about Malalan, croak, and they sure don't care about our Fleming. Open line of day, 6229463622WI-O-D. Here's Hiley, hello. Who's Art Fleming? Exactly. Speaking of Phil Henry, what's the news? What's the news on what? He's doing great. He's kissing the ground every day that he got out of this town number one and number two, they didn't want to work in for Paxon. Did he have an audience? Sure he does. Does he have an audience on a 50,000-watt clear channel station at night? In Los Angeles with 12 million people just in the metro market? I would imagine so. Your station really took a hit when he left. Yes, it did. That was only the beginning. How about a very obscure request? Yes. Good because then, won't people to find it? Go ahead. The doors? Jim Denzmore. The doors, what? John Denzmore, something like that. The guy from the doors. Yeah. Oh, no, no, you're talking about the, oh, you're talking about the guy with that suit. What I got it somewhere. What's that was his name? Jim and Zerick? Rayman Zerick. Rayman Zerick. Yeah, I got it somewhere. I'll find it. Yeah, that'll be the, I'm job of all time. Okay. Hang on tight, pal. Okay. How do you like that? Two open lines and six, two, two, nine, four, six, three. Before this guy drops the S, and he wants to your Rayman Zerick. Somewhere I have that car because I remember very specifically, uh, saving that car or do I remember very specifically throwing out that car. You know what really pisses me off big time is this freaking asshole Roy. Roy. When we came here, do you know how much crap that we threw out? Only we, I only threw it out because we figured, oh well, you can only, you know, try to keep down a like just a handful of carts because this asshole is so anti-cart. You know, the asshole that's got all these machines in here that nobody knows how to fix him or how they work. How's the print out coming by the way on that many disc? Oh, sorry. It's only six and a half months later, we don't know. Can you believe that? Of course you can because raw is an asshole. And so we dumped hundreds, hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds. Literally, not exaggerating hundreds of carts. I mean, I'm talking phenomenal stuff. Great stuff. Great stuff that will never, ever be duplicated. We'll never have our hands on again. Why? Because these people are the experts. What do they know? We don't know, but they know what all. Let me give you an example. Where the hell can I find an example? Yeah, like this. Like this. Thanks to Roy, will we ever hear this again? Wow, screw Steve. Yeah, will we ever hear that again? Do you know who that was by the way? Did you recognize the voice? Wow, screw Steve. That was funny. I'd be like that a classic from the Humper. We'll never be hearing that one again one more time. Wow, screw Steve. And what am I looking for? Ray Manzurek. I do have this. I do have this in a meantime while I'm looking for the other one before the guy drops the ass. Don't do it yet, pal. It's only sugar anyway. Where is it? Jim Baker called me on the phone Sunday night, May 17th. Two months had passed. Jerry Paul. He said Jerry, I want to ask you to hand the ministry back to me. As you promised, in Palm Springs, on March 17th. I said, Jim, assuming it was being taped or someone might be listening in. And it was for the record. I said, Jim, here's what I want to say to you. Come on, come on, come on, come on. See, babe. Can't you feel that I am that afraid? Steve, we'll never hear that again because the cards all had to be destroyed. Thanks to the bro! Yeah, you got to get all those cards. You got 30 days. Mr. Hideshot, like he's running a joint here. See, that's been the biggest problem all along as they got 85 million chiefs. No Indians, but they got 75 trillion chiefs. Everybody's a straw boss. Everybody's got a title. Everybody's bossing everybody else around. Everybody is sending dictatorial email to everybody else. And that's the, the packs and way, baby. That's the way we do it over here. We don't do it the right way. We don't even do it the wrong way. We do it the packs and way. So have a great day. And thanks for listening to 610 WIOD. 1157 at WIOD. Who needs bull man? You know, life is too short for bull crap. That's my philosophy. University does knows you don't want or need anymore bull is more than enough in everyday living. That's why they offer you their no bull dealer with no bull prices. That's what they're all about. University does is a family owned and operated dealer. They've been around for 10 years. So you can count on them to provide you. Nice floppy 610 WIOD Miami Ford Lonerdale. It's Friday. You bastard. The road is calling. I am the road. And I'm so bored. It's been so long since someone knew it's coming to my life. And how do you correspond to me? You can fight if you need it. Hey, what was that? That was the only new Nexus E has 300. You mean that was it? What do you mean yes? I mean it. Isn't WAMBAM thanking man? Yes. Well, thanks for nothing, Mr. I got mine. You get yours. The only Nexus E has 300. Big man. Well, big shiny 36,000 dollar fanximbo for premature ejaculation. Mr. Jump the gun. The road is calling. Mr. Jake, I'm early. But it won't be calling you back. Yeah, I agree with you. Okay, 1203, WIOD, happy Friday to you. Jeff Cohen from the World Famous Pizza Loft is here. We got Strom Bowley, which I'm only eating the kishki's out of the insides. Not the Addo. No addo. That's not on the maybe a little taste. Hmm. For is that come. And some chicken catcha, Tory. And Jeff has eaten old joint here today. So we're doing it, baby. We're eating. There's only one question. Ah, damn it. Anyway, we have two open lines. Six to two nine four six three six to two. Like I said, one question. Where's my cream juice? And we have an open line on a mobile one purple line there. If you have a mobile pick it up and pound it. They pay the freight pound IOD. Here is D'Areal. Hello. Good afternoon Neil. When a bon apama dijo. Um, wanted to talk about this courtesy call. You were talking about it yesterday. Um, but I didn't get a chance to call you. Yeah, these calls that they call at night. The body you. Oh, so those are the Asian call. Yeah. Right. I guess they call it courtesy calls. Is that right? They call it disc courtesy call. Yeah. Um, first of all, I don't answer my phone between five and eight. In a PM. Yeah. Uh, I put something important. What about if somebody you know just got in a car wreck. And they're hang out at the end of a bridge. And they need you to come and get him. Well, that's why I always leave my answer machine on. And I know it to them because they always hang up on the machine. Okay. That's a good point. They never gave a message because that's like a warning that they're going to call you back. Yeah, that's right. And then you don't answer the phone. Right. So what I tell my girlfriend is if you need to reach me, just call me on my beeper. Uh huh. Just beeper. Yeah. And they know it's them because sometimes they ask for my mom. And she died about 15 years ago. Uh huh. That's always a good first clue. Yeah. That's a very first clue. Um, another thing I wanted to talk about. What they'll call me and I'll say is the gentleman or the lady of the house there. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, to me is a pretty good clue. They know it's not somebody I know. Yeah, they have no lady in this house. So he's no real ones. Yeah, they ask for my dad and then I tell him, well, he's not here. And then they go, well, are you over 18? Right. Exactly. And I go, no, I'm not. Very good. I like it. Yeah. Another thing I want to talk about these, um, marlins. I mean, I don't, I don't care about baseball, but I mean, isn't it something that's, uh, amazing. If they pay so much money to these players to get the best players. What's the point in earning a trophy or a title at the end of the year? Yeah. You know, that's the problem. You just hit it right on head. That's a big problem for visual sports. Is it the week on ours kind of attitude? And if we win, fine. And if we lose, guess what? We still get the money. Yeah. I mean, it's right. It's coming out to just a sport between owners. Yeah. Whoever has the most money. I guess what, you know, here, here's the passing contest. Right. Because you're probably just going to win in anyway. It's like Mickey and Wayne, you know. Yeah. Yeah. That's all, uh, just one shameless request, please. Yes, sir. My girlfriend's probably having lunch, so this will be good for her. Okay. Barney and the, yeah. Barney and the bathroom. Okay. All right. Thank you. You got it. I got you down. Have a great day. Thank you. Bye-bye. Nobody over 10 here. We have two open lines in day. Six, two, two, nine, four, six. We don't have that in here yet, by the way, do we? No, we don't. Yes. Do we do? I think so. Barney, you're crazy. How could you possibly have it here? You're like Barney, Fag? I like Pearson quiet. Man, I don't need to listen to Barney Fag. Barney Frank, hang in in my ear because I made a few bucks off of book. I worked on it. Exactly. We couldn't have it in there because I haven't given you this thing yet. You see, you like to protect everybody's creative washroom in there. It's almost the same thing. No, no. We're not playing that. Same thing. It is? Well, somebody taking a dump? Yeah. Where the hell is that? Where's Barney? Takes a dump. Come on, Barney. It's not one of these. Maybe I'll give it to Jeff Cohen and look at him and scar Maybe we'll give it to Jeff Cohen and look at him as Scar through and find that damn stupid thing already. Barney does a thing. Anyway, we'll get to it, pal. Let me just scar here while don't interrupt my lunch. Don't give me no heavy duty stuff to do. We have two open lines in day, six, two, two, nine, four, six, three. We have a parent-browered. We were kicking ass to we played that Phil Henry thing and I have no idea why, because that thing was great. It was sensational. It was the best. It is great, you're right. And we had every line smoking there and then I played that. It just goes into a few minutes and these bastards get real impatient. And all of a sudden we got all we got lines over here, lines over there. It's bad. I'm looking for that Rayman Zerr thing too by the way for that guy. Don't do it yet. Don't blow your brains out yet. We do have bodily function. We'll find it. I'll find it. If it's a last thing I do and it probably will be. I'll find that for your pal. What do you want? Here's the bokeh. Hello. Bokeh. Go on. Like I said, two open lines in the out of town lines. One triple eight, four seven four nine four six three down to like three calls left at a board that will go to music. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. We'll do musical request. Yes, sir. Yeah. I think he came up with a new pack from theme where you're having your lunch. Okay. No, no, no, bad joke. Let's. I wanted to tell you about art plumbing. I know you found that. He does. He's my friend. You remember about six eight months ago you talked about the St. Louis, and the M.O.X. tried to give you a little offer. Do a years ago, yeah. Years ago. He left when art plumbing left his gig in New York. He went to K.O.X. Oh, sorry, Art. Yeah, and he did a really bad job. He found it. Really? They put him on every hour, you know, different hour of the day. And he never could make it. And then he left there about a year ago and he came down here. And somewhere here in Florida is worried dying because we're doing. Okay. Now, J Randolph, I got a question. Oh, he's dead. Oh, I know. Nobody knows you, but he's dead. See, the reason I know all this is from, I'm from St. Louis. And J was always the name of that guy that ran K.O.X. To Guy Robert. Robert. Robert had what on, maniac. This guy was this guy. He'd be a higher me years ago when I was at W.S. News. And I really had no interest in going there because they wanted to tell you everything what you were going to say on the year. They were never going to let me do my thing. And then he kept having to say, even after I turned the job down, he had a secretary calling me and said, well, here that you adopt the Catholic church on the years, that true. And then finally one day, she called me. I said, listen, I don't know what your call me for because I don't want to work there. I don't want to talk to you and don't ever call me again. Oh, I believe every minute. I want to tell you this guy used to be there. He used to come into the station. It like a 10 o'clock at the night and stay there. It'll five o'clock in the morning. And that's the truth. Well, let me tell you one quick. Do you know Bobby Costa's right? Do I know him? Well, I don't know him. You know him. I know he's an asslicker. Yeah. Okay. He worked for. That's where he got his start. Right. One night, Bobby was on the radio at night. He did the 10 o'clock show, Sports Show. He got a telephone call on what they call the red phone or whatever, additional. And it was Bob Highland. Bob Highland. Right. He was knocking like a Bobby was saying some things about the cardinals. And in that town, you don't say anything about the cardinals. And Robert Highland told him to either shut up or get off the air. Really? And you can ask, I knew Costa's knows that. Anyway, Jay Randolph. I want to know why he's down here interviewing Wayne Haising on the Marling game. What's he doing now? Do you know? Because they had a pay him off on a rest of his contract and they put Joe Angel on there who can do a real job on a play by play. So they just had to find some room to do. Okay. Well, that was besides being a dottering old clown. Yeah, that's my little radio trivia. Now I got one. He request. Yeah. LPGA. Okay. Thank you, Neil. Bye. DaydLides. Why don't open now? 6-2-2-9-4-6-3-6-2-2-2-W-I-O-D. What the hell is going on here now all of a sudden? Just because lunch showed up in your jealous. What's the matter with Lesbine Gauper's can't you tell we're really love hitting balls? The only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs bathroom stalls. I love my girlfriend. He's also a catty. She's the fan on the book. She calls me daddy. Must I that five to me talk all right? It's still ladies calls to me. My favorite hole it doesn't have any number. A green or a fairway. No sweat because I'm a snapper, a lapper. I play golf and I'm gay. I miss the monkey time. Got caught in the clubhouse. They mean golf is the only time with their guts. I'm gay. Let's play Elk and K.A. still ladies call for me. And riders this great shit sit. My face still ladies call for me. Do you believe this? I'm sitting here assuming that this machine is cute up that other thing. With a mouth full of pizza and I punched the damn thing and I look over here and it's just it's just sitting there. It's just sitting there again this damn machine. Oh god help us with this equipment here man that wouldn't wish on high-rank camera. Anyways the 12th or 13 in WI would do we have the day lines wide open 622 9463. 622 WIOD and we have 2 in Broward 7679463 767. I'm a machine that ain't going to happen. It ain't going to happen. I got Barney all cute up. He's sitting there squatting. I'm going to have to put it in the other machine. Unbelievable. Max you don't care. He's leaving. Here's a lady mobile in somewhere in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, hi Neil. How you doing? Okay I wanted to thank you for sending me the pan for the pan. Oh yeah, the pan right. You didn't get it yet but George said I was getting it. You'll get it. I know and two are gonna get it. I'll wipe it off. I do have the things I want to tell you about the people that call it night trying to say stuff. Yeah. What I do is people can never say my last name. So if they don't say it properly then I just say well you got to call back. Not here right now. Yeah. And then what other thing I want to tell you, we're talking about the getting the tickets and 35 mile of our own. Right. No, in a 25 mile hour. Right. Well I've been in Orlando. I got a ticket. In a 25 mile an hour zone. I was going 35. I just stepped on the gasp. I went and got up to 35. So we gave me a ticket and then they called me maybe about a week later as compared donations. And I said you know what? If you guys stop hanging around in the 35 mile an hour zone or 25 mile an hour zone then just maybe I'll think about it. Exactly. You know every time they call me no matter who it is and they ask me for a donation I have one very bad answer you know what it is? What? I will not give it to you. Not that's a going. I will not give it to you. That's good. I have an on tape. I have a lorry tape right in the house and every time they say well this is the uh, but I've a lot of it. Whatever it is. Yeah really. I mean I don't mind helping good cups but you know that's so stupid. Yeah. You know you just kept on the stuff. We're supposed to subsidize them for harassing your ass right excellent point. Okay sweetheart enjoy your pin. Thank you. Don't get too much for it. I will. Okay. Bye bye. We have two open lines at the other timelines. One tripletes 4749-463 at a parent-brower at 767-9463. 767-9463. Wiod where it's 1215 and where we're having a dynamic lunch from Jeff Cohen at Pizza Lough and everybody got hungry right now and ran out to get food. Why not run out to the pizza lock Jeff can use the money? They're doing great but he can always use a little bit more. Go over there and get yourself about 20 or 30 pizzas and a bunch of lasagna and a bunch of the pasta which is better than ever by the way. Very, very good. Pasta when you get spaghetti by the way get it with a baked cheese on top because they insist on that that it is much better and guess what it is much better and then when you get to bake cheese and what realizes about 20 pounds of food underneath it and you won't feel so guilty about eating all that food. Nice free plug there for Jeff Cohen. 610 Wiod. Go to all the back kids. Who's doing this? Who's doing it? Who's doing it? Go. Go over there. Go. Go. Go over there. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Oh. I been here. I'm in here. Crazy right now. Oh! Um. Uh. Finally! Finally! And now finally! Well, you're just way to minute-even. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh, that was still... Oh, panders. Oh, seriously, no. Oh, you're just a little bit... ...so you can... ...let's play with a little... ...the handleholder, but there... ...little... ...little... ...here and come kids! Okay. 12, 20, and W-I-O-D. So what are you saying? I'm supposed to be listening to the channel... ...for some reason, they're in the middle of the weather right now. Which is what it's going to be. A couple people call this, say they're going to be talking about... ...you. About me. More rumors on Channel 4 come up in a second here. Okay, big deal. We have an open line of... ...a... ...calling around the building this morning trying to get a hold of... ...who is calling around. Channel 4. And like I'm going to talk to them. Those great robbers in Channel 4 that screw over our good friend... ...Barbres Sloan. That's right. No chance. We love Barbres Sloan, okay? And by the way, thanks for the check for those hockey reports I did during the playoffs. Not... ...open line of day, 6, 2, 2, 9, 4, 6, 3, oh, there I am. What did they say? I'm a little bit of a personality. And what's the idea is, job in W-I-O-D, effective September 30. But... ...is really not going very far, laundry is going... ...for... ...for... ...le moving down the aisle to W-I-M. And all sports station. Or CVS news engine. That's it right next to Walter Kronkai. He got a quadruple bypass. Okay, so I made it on there with the... ...what's the name, Iliana Vanilla. Nice going. Thanks, Eliana. She's okay. She never stole her free train. She's a sweetheart. We have an open line at Broward 767-9463-767 W-I-D. As the rumors persist that I'm leaving here... ...a September 30th of this year. Do you believe it? We do. Here is a Cooper City. Hello. Cooper City. Hey, Neil. You like cigars, don't you? Yes, I do. I've got a seven-inch cron, a ticket after... Yeah, okay, good. What he says is going to stick it up his... ...to see how it comes out. Okay, good luck to you, pal. Be sure and light it first. We have an open line at day at 622-9463622. You forgot to decimal point by the way at your 7. We have an open line at Broward. He's more like a light bulb guy. He's got a decimal in front of his 7. 767-9463-8 and Broward at W-I-D. Both of this, chicken catcha, Tory. Outstanding. Outstanding, man. From the pizza law, it was feeding the entire building today. It's kind of at least we can do for them, right? Here is Miami. Hello. Miami. Buenos dias. Good to best. Yeah. Hey, listen. I saw the guy father again. Yeah, again. There's a guy. It's full of best. You know what I mean? Yeah, it's the best. You know what I mean? I'm the best. You know what I mean? The one? When he gets caught in the he makes a Mexican eight-time. How about getting me a plate? Time to select. Can't do it, Sally. No. He says, can you get me off the hook-time? Fruld time, sake. And he says, Can't do it, Sally. Can't do it, Sally. That's a sad, I don't think so. Can't do it, Sally. Yeah. Any drag. What is it? I'm a duck. Yeah. Can you send that to me? I'll let it fall. What do you mean, could I send it to you? Could I? Can you send that out? Can I hear? You mean, can I play it? Yeah. I'm not going to send it to you. I'm not going to send it to you. That's a good hook. Have a great weekend, pal. Thanks, boy. OK. Oh, my god. I'm so proud of you. Oh, I'm so proud of you. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, oh, my god. I feel so proud of you. I just realize the brown and the soft and soft. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. I don't know what you're saying. I'm gonna go through a cloud. 1223 a W-I-O-D, two open lines and day, six, two, two, W-I-O-D, and one in Broward, 767, 9463. Let's do Miami Lakes, hello. You, God. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Can you please play something for me? Please. Me, you. Yeah. Maybe. Maybe. If this new O-J is so nice, you have... I don't have no new O-J song. But this lady singing it. Yeah. Which says what? Um, it goes O-O-J-E. That's how it goes. Yeah. You're the main O-J is gonna get you, do you? Is that what you mean? Yeah, O-J is gonna get you, yeah. This one? No, no, no, no, no, no. No, not that one. No. It's a woman? Yes, you get the woman singing it. I haven't got no idea. You played it one time. Yeah. O-O-O-D. You mean velvet nails? Do this piece sound like it? Huh? Yeah. That's it. Okay, pal. Thanks a lot. Alright, okay. Bye-bye. And thanks for calling 16. W-I-O-D. O-O-O-D. O-O-O-D. O-O-O-D. Why do you feel this? O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-D. The throttle drove me into O-O-O-O-O-D. A brother, a thousand-sold. O-O-O-O-O-O-O. Love the love. Yeah. You get the feeling and free in your house, house. And look, burning ashes, I own your head shall be bounced out. Do you want to do your stuff? Be on the funky level. You're such a fool. I want to tell you, you're a fool. O-O-O-O-D. Just because you want to go, O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-D. I'll be doing so just simple. O-O-O-O-O-O-D. Don't shame it, don't shame it. Oh, my god. You just have been in jail breathing the tongue of the dog. For you tell yourself, you're too useless but fun. But for the crash of the shank, that you swung you face. You's the fool, you're the fool. I want to know you, you're the fool. O-O-O-D. Why you kill the cold? Oh, oh, Jay, just because he was a public person Oh, oh, Jay, you're a girl without me Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Why did you do it any way in the world you ran from the man But they caught your butt and they were the kids Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh-oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Why did you do it? Come on, go on, Jay, I don't want to do it Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Uh, come on, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Get outta here already. When did you go on? I said, here, I tossed this out. It was great, but get it outta here. Get this crap outta here. I'm trying to do a make believe radio show here And he's stealing my newspapers. papers. But business must be really slow that it's a lofty can't even afford to buy his own newspapers. What does that tell you folks? Does that tell you what you need? No or not? Exactly. Anyways, 1227 a WIOD already. We have two open lines in date. Once we get the lines, I'll fill it up. We might talk to you again. Okay? Boy, look at this. You got mung all over the counter here. We don't have Tommy Cramer. No more to clean off the counter. By the way, speaking of Tommy Cramer, there's rumors flying around the building that there was a very, very, very serious contractops up there after the Ron and Ron showed us morning. That's the rumor around the building. It's so embarrassing. We'll be true. Yeah, between Ron and Tommy Cramer. Do we have to think really hard who's side? We have to have this. Oh, it's cheesy. Bring me a dry cloth. Okay? Ask a man with silly fingernails to do a real man's job and he brings you a dry cloth. Anyways, I was starting to say is there any doubt is to who's side we take when there's a contractops between Ron and B and Tommy Cramer. In fact, is there any doubt is which side we take when there's a contractops between fill on the blank and Tommy Cramer? Exactly. That's my point. You're okay in our book, Ronnie B. You're all right with us. Neil Rogers is my lover. Exactly. Good luck to you, man. You'll need it with these go. 12 28 at Wiod. 610 Wiod. Heroine or mono neurotic. Welcome home. This is Neil Rogers' show. This is your brain. Any questions? Andy, be in it, Andy, be in it. Let me see how long it takes before Max gets the drift of that. Okay, do you hear that? Did you hear that? Did anybody hear that? Is anybody listening? Do you have the monitor turn down? What? Oh, okay. Don't worry about it. Max has absolutely tuned out. Okay. So I'm going to talk about it. The fact that that machine just repeated to begin. Bye-bye-bye-bye over and over again. It isn't working at all. Play it again, Sam. Play it again. What? It won't queue up now. This machine over here. This one, it's always been broken. But hey, don't worry about it. We know you're leaving. That's okay. We're not worried about I'm looking on the back of the disk. Is there a mong on my disk? No, there is not mong on my disk. It looks just fine to me. Let's try it one more time. Okay. Let's put it in there very gently. Let's watch that things start spinning around. Let's queue up cut number 13. And let's see if this thing is going to work if we have to farmax before it leaves on his own. Van Biele of Floor eats a fleece. This is peanut butter cup. Alright. I like that. I like that. That's not the cut I wanted to play. Let's see if the other why I just want to see if it's going to work. Let's see if this one works. It's time once again for the adventures of Jimmy Mahaha. Teenage lap track. When we last left Jimmy, he was being chewed out by the police commissioner. Damn it. You'll weigh out a line on this one. What? What are you laughing at? Oh, you're just just stunning. He's like I'm a comedian. Here's a joke for you. You're fine. That's it. My gun against your eyes. Come here. I'll show you what you're doing. You like being tickled with a gun barrel up your hands. Come here. Yes, that does it for today. Let me show you what to join us next time for another thrilling adventure with Jimmy Mahaha Teenage lap track. Okay. That should be easy for them. 12. 34. Wio D. C. I'm choking out my canole. God is punishing me once and for all. Okay. For my evil ways. You two max your next way to the start choking on that cigar. We have two open lines in day six to two nine four six three. Where is Max going to get all the free cigars when he goes to work next? Like he was getting here. Like he was breaking into that cabinet late at night getting all those free cigars. He just liked them a lot. Okay. If you find something he liked, sometimes you got to well bust into it. To get into it. Here's a Western on a mobile. Hello. Hey, Dale. Yes, sir. Hi. I heard you every day. I think Monday mentioned a guy that you heard on Channel 10. So, fine bird. No, I didn't hear my channel. Ten he was on our station when I would with what's his name doing sports talk last weekend. I think he's the he's the he was on with the attachment to one sports talk. He's the assistant sports, uh, Han show, uh, Schmendrick at Channel 10. Right. He's the assistant sports director to Jimmy, uh, Sepulist. Yeah. He's another Jew. Yeah. I don't, I don't run in with this guy. Really? He is the biggest asshole. You ever want to meet your wife? Really? Why are you talking about your watchman or Salt Steinberg? No, Steinberg. Okay. Went down to Channel 10 to show him a video tape. My son's involved in amateur boxing. Yeah. This guy knows absolutely nothing about sports. Uh-huh. You're out. Why do you think he works on Channel 10? I guess so. So he looks at the tape and uh, do you only think you could you can say about Channel 10 sports is Frank Fort finally got that thing office for her. That's the only good thing you can say. I've never watched him. Good. He's a do-why. So just I didn't see what he wanted to tape. Get a real bad attitude. My wife says to you know, you're really an asshole. Yeah. And he said, ah, he went ballistic. Really? You first me in my house. I invite you to come into my house and you talked to me that way. Come out of here. Bob, Bob, Bob, yeah, can you act? So as we're leaving the guy, we picked our stuff up and left. And as we're leaving the building, he gets he waits until we get to the lobby. Sticks his head out and holler and go on her but come back to my house. All right. Pass will cross and get it off. Our pants will cross again. Did you believe that? Why said our pants are going to cross? Well, that's pretty melodramatic. I wonder if his pants are ever going to cross with. They're watching again. So I just went to call South, Steinberg, a big douchebag. Okay. Thanks, pal. Good news. There about Channel 10 Sports A's Salt Steinberg who sounds awfully Jewish to me. We have an open line on a mobile and purple line, pound IOD. We have one in date, 629463, 6222WID. Pretty damn good lunch from pizza loft today. Would you say George? I don't know what you got fit in there, but like I said, pretty damn good lunch. Thank you so much, Jeff. And quit being such a yenta. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Greetings, Mr. Rogers. And back to you. Please tell me this is not true. What's that? Channel 4, just broadcasted. You are leaving as at the Sem or correction. September 30. Yeah. The WQA amp? Is that what they said? Yeah. Is this true? Do you want me to tell you an answer to that question? Well, short of yeah. I don't know. No. Media propaganda. I didn't say that. Yeah. Well, that's probably what it is. Could be. Um, the variable could be true. Yeah, it is. Well, let me ask you this question first. What dovences and make what station are on? Well, it really doesn't. There you go. My radio station only only gets 610. Yeah. Well, you have to get a new radio. Well, maybe we'll buy you one. I'm going to get a new car. There you go. Okay. You know, seriously, your car only gets 610 on a radio. Yeah. That's probably the one where you're listening anyway. I don't know. I believe it. Actually, you're, you're somewhat, uh, I'm using your knowledgeable. Yeah. My high and full of it. Okay. The group question is, but I care on K girl if that go. Ben, who? Um, who was that? Aaron K. Aaron K. Oh, man, every time she does that, I think she just swallowed something. Hey, Neil, were you at the airport yesterday? No, I was not. Okay. But if it'll make you happy, yeah, that was made way of into you. Anyway, what's the request? Because we want to thank you very much for calling 610 WI or do you want to do this? Cause get a little bit longer. What's the request? I'm going to hear the, uh, uh, took a course in the e-bony. E-bony. Yeah. The song's going close. Excellent choice. Yes, sir. My Quinn. Your, your, your, your bag. Okay. The mighty Quinn. Yeah. And have a great day in Sally Quinn to a thanks for calling 610 WIOD. We have an open line at Broward 7679463767 WIOD on a great Friday. Look at who just, oh my god. Oh, it didn't just keep pouring in there, pouring in there. I can't believe it. Oh, Jesus, look at that. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, and even Johnny Dolans in there. All right. After I lunch to what a conspiracy this is. In anima re is on Georgia's lap. Look at that. Anamoree and Georgia are joined like, like, clones. The entire gang, the Coxahoyce gang is here with big smiles on their face. And they figure, well, he probably in a pretty good mood today. Uh, we'll come over and try it out. Johnny, dark. Hi, you know, Johnny. By the way, I wonder if Johnny and Johnny Dolan left me a good graffiti over there at kiss. Oh, it's just a joke. It just kidding. Probably left a few messages on a wall. They're probably kissing it. There's mixture of ween. Look at like, you know, hey, take a look around here at this pretty impressive. None of it works, mates, but hey, it's dynamite. That's because you're good friend. Roll. What's his name there? Real asshole. So anyway, the Cox gang is here. There's my good friend, Tim B. Who wishes over. We were backs. We have a little excitement in the building. And Greg Fadeck is in there with a big smile on his post. Look at these go in. Look at that. And Johnny, dark, you're standing there doing what he does best, holding up the wall. Hold and man, oh, man, he'd look at the frustration in the Cox building since we left George. He's got a puppet the size of Montana. And I'm not talking about Joe. Man, is he getting fat? Gigantic and humongous. I can do much action. No, Johnny. That's the way goes. So there they are. When you guys move it, I'll be here, by the way. When is it to life fourth? That's why I'm leaving. So anyway, the Cox people are moving into the new building. All right, we'll be neighbors for a short time. Okay, won't that be great? We'll come over and invite you for food every day, huh? Because these people, they don't know. They don't what's going on. They're busy having meetings. We understand they're having very big meetings down there in the A Jackson building down to 207th and to 441. They're having real big meetings. They're down there holding their meat. All the big head henshoes. All the people with titles which the building can't hold that many. This is quite a treat. Where's my good friends Bob and Cheryl? Where did hell are they today? Oh, they've already been here once. They've seen enough. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hey, listen, I have a tape of an senator if you want it. The jury Williams back, oh, in the 60s, when he got into a fist fight with local politician on the... Oh, I've seen that. That was on TV. I saw that. That was great. It was dynamite. Are you with anti-tellivision? Huh? It was on TV. Yes. When was this? Oh, years ago. Oh, really? I haven't on audio. Would you like me to send you copy of the tape? Maybe I'm getting confused. I'm positive I saw that. Or else I heard it. Maybe I'm confusing the audio. But I definitely heard it. When Jerry Wounds was on the old M.E.X. We're right. Exactly. With Arne Ginsberg. Remember those days, Melvin X Melvin and Mel Miller? All those with a daysman. Yeah. How about Adventure Car Hop in Saga's Man in Saga's Mel. Or Adventure Car Hop is the place to go. Right. That's right. Arne Wounds Brigitte at Horno. Those with a daysman. Right. Bring him back. Hey, I got a request. Tell me. Please tell me Dave Mader it's still in on here on B.Z. I think he's still on there. No, Dave Mader just living up in her ando. Oh, thank God. He's 140 years old. He was still on the air very recently. Get him out of there. You know who I used to love on W.B. Z. And those days was Jefferson K. Great. Great man. Great. What a great DJ he was. He's going to stand for Ann F. L. Now. Good for him. He's Jewish too, by the way. Yes. Do you have my girls pussy in the well? In the well? Good luck to you, pal. All right, man. Have a great day. Okay. What did he just say? I woke up this morning real appealing of the same. I looked for my pussy, but my pussy wasn't there. Well, well, my cat fell in the well. Oh, for spurs, put spurs, put kitty kitty. Like that fell in the well. I got a letter and that climbed up to my head. I saw an interview that my pussy was hoking with, well, well, well, my cat fell in the well. Oh, for spurs, put kitty kitty kitty, like that fell in the well. But down on low, oh, by the girl, what she pushed and he cheated on. And then I was a kitty, have that's pretty as pussy that fell in the well. Then, he ever wasn't pussy, that could quite compare with her. Pretty as a picture with her long and so different. Well, well, well, my cat fell in the well. Oh, for she pushed and pussy, put she put kitty kitty, like that fell in the well. If you have a pussy that you would try to sell, never let her wander or she might fall in the well. Well, well, well, my cat fell in the well. Oh, for spurs, put kitty kitty, my cat fell in the well. Oh, well, 1243 a W I O D on a momentous Friday April 4th, one of the greatest days in the history of our lives. I'm not exactly sure I can put my finger on it, but I'll try. We have an open line of day at 6 2 2 9 4 6 3, but we never see, I shouldn't say a while they're still in the building. God, it was sure great over there at Cox. Oh, man, somebody told me everybody thinks the grass is greener on the other side, but until you made the real far business, I mean, ever can be sure. And they were right. You were right Bob Greener. By the way, speaking of Bobbie Green, I should play that, shouldn't I? Just as a, um, just as kind of a token of our affection. Oh, you were right. By the way, Bob, don't come into work tomorrow, please. Bobbie Green, I'm not sure if you're going to be there. Bobbie Green, I'm not sure if you're going to be there. Bobbie Green, I'm not sure if you're going to be there. Bobbie Green, I'm not sure if you're going to be there. Bobbie Green, I'm not sure if you're going to be there. Bobbie Green, I'm not sure if you're going to be there. Bobbie Green, I'm not sure if you're going to be there. Bobbie Green, I'm not sure if you're going to be there. Bobbie Green, I'm not sure if you're going to be there. Whilst your arm, it's all the same to me. Whilst in it, it's good enough for me. It's good enough for me and Bobbie Green. While 45, by the way, we owe them a big-givote of thanks, George, because you realize that they wouldn't have sold the station into half of this wooden agon down, that, uh, that, you know, follow what I'm saying. You're following my logic. Thanks Bobbie Green, there you go. Don't come in to work tomorrow. You don't tell me why O.T. It's Friday, you bastard. Well, congratulations, get a life. Today on E.T. Paul McCartney talks about his recent nighthood. Oh, Mr. McCartney, when did you get nighted? Yesterday. And now is the queen. Imagine he's pretty nice girl, but she doesn't have a lot to say. Really? Did you ask you to do anything? He said. Why don't we to do head in the road? Crow! Someone in you say. Maybe you can tell my car. And maybe I love that. No, no, no, no, no, no, don't hear that. Please. Be quiet. Yes, he's the hard days night. Please, please, in the queen. He's Paul McCartney. You can see him later today on E.T. T. T. T. Draw 50, and W.I.D. You know, there's Brits sooner or later. They all please the queen. We have two open lines in date. Six, two, two, nine, four. Do you hear that? We don't hear. I mean, we're trying to do the best we can under impossible circumstances with marginal equipment, which somebody will repair someday. It won't be max. Anyway, here's my amy. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. First time calling, long time on roads. Oh, but it's enough to put you into a coma. Sorry about that, sir. Yeah, we're listening. We're going to have to call this if you work with the people off to a lot, I guess, right? Yeah. I got a buddy, Marty. You used to work to approach with burning down. Yeah. Okay. Well, great. I'm going to hope he has a great life. Here we go. Somebody with another story. Another picturesque story. Got a two-beddy head of weight there long because it didn't get on here, whatever your Bullcraft story was anyway. Day lines all open. Six, two, nine, four, six, three, six, two, two, two, W.I.D. Don't you find it interesting to note that Brook is getting all the crap about saying, thank you for calling W.I.D. while that new valley girl, Karen Wutter, or saying that a thousand times, well, I don't know because I don't listen to that to a what her name is show. And she says, rude as a nursing home bathroom. How do you like that? rude as a nursing home bathroom. Could have anything to do with the fact that Brook hasn't voiced any of the upper man is been it says, what kind of a disgusting thing is that? Lay off Brook. She's a dollar. I love Brook. I just don't like that thing. You don't want to see all that thing. I don't like that thing. Let's see what else we got here. We got, oh, that Rick guy. And don't read your facts. His Rick's are your chronic. My first blood test after starting the Atkins diet is into the doctor says my cholesterol is better. Still room for improvement. I exercise moderately. Only had 15 pounds lose of lost eight already. Everyone told me my cholesterol was going to skyrocket and their full crap. All right. Nice going, John. Let's see. Here's what it says. I like your shape field. He was smart to take the money. And it's set of runs so on. I can't feel about the real good comparison here. I guarantee you the athletes make a neck kind of money. And you can take it to their own pockets and dig out $50,000 for three hours of anything. What does that mean? What does that mean? Oh, the ball game. Okay. Whatever you say. The letter is in regard to the recent 60-minute. Okay. That's what we don't care. Here's Michael Mayo. That's right. Another day Rick from PLA. Okay. We finally read it when he relaxes because it's got a picture of Michael Mayo. Another day without the apology today of Halberstrand. I'm Michael Mayo from the, I got news for you, Michael. You're being deed you as of today. We're throwing you out. You're no longer with you. All right. No more juice for Michael Mayo. Hold the mail. He probably eats Mayo like on his ham and cheese sandwich. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. What a be. I got a, I sent you a fact, just a picture with, with, uh, Jesus and the manger and instead of the three wise men, it had three wise guys. One guy holding a pizza. One guy holding a brief case full of money. Yeah. And guy would like holding a gun in his jacket. I want to see you got that. No, I did not. Oh, you didn't get that. Damn it. I'll resend it too. Okay. But I got to request this along a belison into you. Okay. No, God. No, God. Have to ask permission from Bob Green to play that. Shoot a called five minutes ago when the guys were into the building. All right. Now, thanks for having a great day, pal. 610 W. And thanks for recalling a 610 W. I. We have an open line at Broward 7679 463 767 W. I. Oh, I can't stop doing it. Kill on me man. Don't do it. No more Brooke. Don't do it. I love you. But don't stop doing that. We have an open line in the mobile one line. Pond I O.D. Oh, my God. Look who it is. It's my newfound friend with her heart hat. You, they're making you wear a heart hat. Yeah. It's the first thing she's seen hard in a long time. But anyway, shareholders here. How do you like that? Cheryl Riff can formally have a brown. But now she's our friend again. Well, you know how it goes in life. You can't be friendly forever. It gets boring. It gets monotonous. But you wait a lot of make believe home entouching in four-time two-sherell. So the whole of the Gatsimish Buhas here today. How do you like that? We just had everybody in here with her heart hat. Oh, you look so masculine today. Oh, that thing in your hand. Hi, Cheryl. A lot of weight. Where did you ride? I just came sure on lips and I bet herpes. No, I don't. They're like, well, they're not too bad. So anyway, welcome to 610 W.I.O.D. For the moment, open line of dates. And by the way, you want to say a few praise. Leave your rosemary beads and check to the door. So everybody's here today. What is this a sign of? Are you in? What? Now there's nothing here. We're going to feed you now. You have to be a little more friendly than this to get fed. Jeff is gone. He's back to make Zillions of more dollars over there at the E.P. To Laugh. You look lovely. You look. You do. Doesn't, okay, you look like a wavv. He's washing his wash or woman. Too much weight. I didn't like the hair the other way. They're the other way. You look like a witch. And look at how much nicer you act now to that you're here straightened out. I think it was the hair. It was the same. It was the same kind of thing. So I was Bob Green. Is he still the same? Where is he by the way? He's still the same. He's still the same. That tells me all I need to know. But tell him, thank you so much by the way because if things wouldn't have worked out for a row of whatever happened here. Call up the sisters and say, thanks a lot. Because you do know they sold a station to get rid of me. Everybody's lining up to go back to work for Cox. Okay, what does that tell you? Because we love the Paxon people, baby. In fact, I think just an honor of today being a special day. Hey, so this radio station. Now the future isn't out. We've been talking about Paxon. Ever since Cox pulled out now, we'll work for Paxon. The fans are millionaires. We've gone to work for Paxon. He's like Wayne with more hair. You might think that it's a bummer. When Bill Henry's gone, say good bye to Aaron Summers. Say hi to Ron and Ron. They're gone. What Paxon says? Can't answer the matter of the Paxon. They're gone. What Paxon says? But he'll eat, change in his act. Paxon's a honor again Christian. Rajas is he can be. He wants to change the stations. Letters, the WGOD. Now we'll work for Paxon. Paxon is the best piece of plan in the past. Paxon is the best. Paxon is the best. Paxon is the best. Paxon is the best. Paxon is the best. Paxon is the best. Paxon is the best. Paxon is the best. Paxon is the best. Okay. 1258 WGOD. Told us that three separate times. How do you like that, Cheryl? That is absurd. We have it right here. On first hand, experience that's absurd. I know it's absurd. But that's kind of like a bargaining point. Don't you know that was your piece of crab? And they wanted to get ready to watch this. Why they sold me this station. But we don't want to talk about that on the air. Cause that's bad. Yeah, I'll miss this great place. Well, I'll tell you, it is a better location than the old one. I mean, I'm sure you'll miss that one too. Yeah, like hemorrhates. And you got Wolfies right up the street here two by the way. Where they have a real homeintoshin. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. You don't know about real yours. Okay. Whatever you say, how about the homeintoshin? Two minutes till one of WGOD. 50% talk, 50% entertainment, and 50% pure damn luck. 610 WGOD Miami Fort Lauderdale. It's the water to two hours. Clear. I've been slept for three days now. Whoa, whoa. Five, but the five, but the five, but the five, but the five, but the five. Some way, for a grand round, give me a break. And how many drugs do I have today? My hair's all mounted, it's been hard to feed. Since I saw Linda and her jeans, oh, that mine. Hard to be going wild. Seems like I wanted to. Just a kill and a competition, not to mention. I've prepared your face outfilling, drugs old days. That drop is on weight for the two in your brain. Her doctor has been says it's okay. A physician is in Spain, my closest love. Now, my head's spinning all around and round. How this lesson for three days now. Whoa, whoa. Five, but the five, but the five, but the five, but the five, but the five. Five, but the five, but the five, but the five. Five, but the five, but the five. Five, and you don't even think, you don't even think, you're a story. Don't even think, move move. Five, but the five, the five, the five. Five, but the five, the five. Five, but the five, the five, but the five, five. Five. Five, but the five. You're being very difficult between the four and eight. You're being very difficult between the four and eight. One, oh five, and W, I, OD, happy Friday for both your pizons. Rick and Spottle be here at Tudosaf to go unless Rick changes his mind. Let's go to Boca. Hello. Yeah, new idea. Great. Yeah, you see the Good morning America. They say that they're never going to probably rest for a year. arrest the suspect in the john benet case really is that what they said yeah and it's kind of hard for me to figure out is it now even her all those got a thing right and the 64 thousand dollar question is that baby of Michael Jackson you see that picture yeah they look like a white couple how how did that baby turn out like the same color he is good question or ever he isn't maybe the watershed of pale you got that such a man on tap do I have one the searchman starts man search for a judge old fudge man yeah do I have them yeah no I don't it's not around no more let me take let me check see if I do matter fat yeah I'd like to hear from them okay pal how about you what huh everybody it's rude you're fudge man who's the first one to try one of my fudge oh there's a big white truck on the side of the road as he cracks a smile he says I wait that'll make it out right away hurry for the first hell I got a man sharing in the first for me to push off nice pop and the fun I'll give you the song first you can be your honey with the whole hell and bring your rock on funny the fun back is a big white truck where you can weigh a lot of fun back baby I can't wait let me just bend over here back and we have that just come on around back I'll be having a third yeah let's have our fair no money can't have it for nothing honey there's judges account and just brought them a gigantic check a gigantic something that's the guy that brings the fake home in touch and two by the way sir this is for you actually what is it you like it what is it a real home in touch he would know what if it him in the yarmaca anyway it's one o v's a w i o d on a tremendous Friday all our old good friends from the cox people are here today we have kind of like a little party in our pants what is it something really jewish no doubt good stuff it says critics claim diet clinics miss use obesity drugs from the Wall Street Journal thank you so much my it is your friend and good job is to you too by the way and the same to you it says on a pale Saturday morning in Santa Monica California while much of the town is still waking up the waiting room of the Manhattanweight Control Medical Center is already packed with patients and it goes on about to all these people that are waiting for their fan fan that's right the pills are american home products corpse hot selling redux and obesity drug a combination of two other obesity drugs fan fan etc etc so on and it goes on to talk about the risk to the drugs and on and on it goes sometimes there's a doctor that talks about a doctor in Tyler Texas would come at sometimes for scraps of drugs the people who need only to lose a few pounds right exactly and some of them don't need to lose anyway some of marsquini is a rail not that they're addictive or that they're bad for you let me just tell you again if you want to try that fan fan man good luck to you will bring your flowers that's all that's just my personal advice not be in a physician not being an expert we know a lot of other people are not experts either and oh nothing about it would ever even been fed and their peddling it so just keep that in mind okay govern yourselves accordingly here's bokeh on a mobile hello yes sir how are you doing great nearly the clown reading the news it really upset me this morning yeah i mean is he a news reader or is he a clown or is he part of your show is he a news reader no is he a clown yeah really a clown he's just not funny yeah I was gonna say the only difference being their clowns usually are pretty funny yeah right well not all the packs and people they're having a party perhaps they can listen to him and no these are not the pack these are not the packs and people have an party these are the cops people oh I'm from the previous regime and people are here oh no they're busy down having a big a client doesn't meeting down in the packs and bokeh oh well they won't get to hear this clown but he should be removed he doesn't have anything okay track by the way all sure passed that long by the way on the turn pack this morning there is a car heading north called a border patrol it's not the first time I seen it's not the second yeah he's obviously patrolling the border between Palm Beach and the Broward looking for aliens okay do a lot of that locally is he serious he's serious okay the border patrol column I'll see him there okay and Tata we have an open line on the mobile on the pound line at pound IOD by the way don't forget to yellow pudding pops that's what we're gonna do we're gonna take our uh and fedemines with yellow pudding pops not phenobarbital not barbaric roots we're taking and fedemines to all ourselves we want to do it the right way so at least when we die we'll be like ultra skinny I want to die fast yeah any special reason okay let's go to a pop at OB Chilo yes sir hey how are you? great sensational sir happy Friday two happy Friday the you know you sound very happy yes I do hey let me ask your question now don't don't get don't get don't get out of shape and hang up okay I want to know I'm listening I want to know what is Rick O'Row you're gonna do if you go to QA probably show up every day about one thirty go on here at two and two a four hour show with says like he always does oh I was thinking that's I had to see I hate to break the news to you sir but we all have this desire of survival you know for self preservation putting some food on table you gotta make a living man that's what it's all about no but I had an eye to know I wish them nothing but the best I had an idea for a program for him for a Rick Rick and Paxon the re-litches hour yeah how's that so moutz got possibilities okay now let me tell you something when you get the QA I got an idea for program the first thing the first you have the worst thing you'll have the cream which is you and then Hank will be over stuff jeans how does that sound sounds okay all right okay I said he'll take the slap over they'll take care and if you go to QAM I will never have to turn to six ten again okay take care about it see yeah if I go if I go what do you think we have an open line at Broward 7679463 767WID we managed to keep it almost completely quiet for a week it was very very a lot of speculation of course and then for some reason that just busted wide open that's not bad in this market though keep anything quiet for more than a half an hour for like a week and I'm gonna continue like I told them last week a week ago today I told Peter Bolger I intended show up every day and I don't want to do my best to do my duty and he said duty my ass I said no thanks and uh that's the way it is it's just you know you do your thing to be a professional and you just show up and you do the best you can and then life moves on and we all continue because we all got eight that's all not most of us have got big multi-gillion dollar yachts over there in Italy with those god dang Italians yankin us all around some of us would like to be yanked around by some of those Italians but sometimes it works out sometimes it don't do you know what I'm saying? as comosity che douche bag in italiano oh that's right Italian class tomorrow with ill professori I can't wait for that god is here good guy does he tell us some great stories or what? do I know my Italian yet fluently or what? no no I really don't oh no do I see that's pretty good you can count to two in Italian you got to made and then of course quattro they don't know whether you're speaking Spanish or Italian in this joint so they look at you like oh okay where's this one coming from? one thirteen at WIOD and ever WIOD when McDonald's in town she's not listening to us I believe we're ready now those congratulations Mr Jackson is your new baby boy would you prefer a paper or that's the fear I can wait to get you home some more and show you your new times of fire you're my dear treatis baby what a lovely way to but let you wait my dear a feel yeah of dear treatis baby come on you won't need a trick because all carols are close to beauty oh I want you to hold it oh tomorrow can grow up mate you'll get all your deserving my love will be unswerving until you reach for a team you'll my treatis baby come on sit on daddy's lap he has a game to play with you daddy wants you to bet the magic proves a whole show one eighteen at WIOD happy Friday happy day before the weekend happy three days after April Fool's Day happy et cetera okay we're happy happy you a good job is good y'all to have et cetera here's plantation hello hello Neil yes sir happy Friday and back to you listen I want to ask you I I seen the story on channel 4 but I didn't read the article the paper yeah the thing I mean I mean you've kept you make my 22 years here worth living let's put that way really I wish you were on 12 hours a day oh sure you know but you know I realize you don't want to work 12 hours a day but my question is that you go to QAM they kept an emphasized and on channel 4 how it's a sports station yeah you know what is everything just do in the talky games oh no let me just cut it off at the past saying this wherever I go wherever I will be I will continue to be doing the Neil Rogers show period so we will not be doing a sports show I will not be doing any other kind of a show I will not be doing a hockey games I will not be doing standing on my head and doing summer salts I'll be doing the Rogers show period right how do you like that okay I like it okay this is longer to hear that's all I care I'm here okay thanks Neil okay pal bye bye have a great day open line in Broward 7679463 767W IOD sons missed all the excitement here and Rick is on a way probably missing bonding with all of his good close personal friends share all was just here with little tongue action giving kisses to all and with that new hairdo she's got a new boyfriend huh under the age of 100 nice gone sweetheart and we had Greg Faitick and we had like Mitch Lewis and we had all kinds of people Johnny dark I don't want to mention Johnny Dolan he was even a hero what does that tell you here's Virginia key hello yes sir great I want to do something different I want to instead of having some verbal in a course with you making a request yes I want to make the request first and sing a song for you okay okay please okay can I hear bolts pot yeah I don't have a bolts pot okay here's my song you ready you mean a whole bit yeah okay okay okay we will follow new you know follow new wherever he may go there is an association two big I still have to hear about Larry King's wig some time today I hope you are in page 1 mill a year and yes we think broke his great the new new sky he is okay we miss one minty at a year four feet and go the thing up yeah and with the book I'm out of the cup okay oh god give us strength like I said give us strength I just noticed something that in one of your interviews with John Candy I believe it looked like an older interview you had less hair than you have today how do you explain it I don't wear a wigs sir paint your balls pot what balls pot you paint your balls pot I don't know what you're talking about sir my hair grows you paint your balls pot I don't have a ball spot how come you had less hair on the tape maybe my hair group maybe I had a bad haircut that day you by the way something what are you care paint your balls pot I don't do you paint your balls pot paint your ball of fire sick that is great radio amen one twenty one a w i o d we have an open line in date six two two nine four six three we got one in brown and seven six seven w i o d here's north-laterdale hello you're ball spot exactly hey hey doing the great I want to wish happy Friday to all you find people at w i o d yes a six ten w i o d congratulations on your move wherever to hell you go thanks smart enough to actually flip the dial uh... uh... i give you a call once a year to talk about hockey yeah how do my devil's wrote this year how do they look yeah awesome you think we could take the whole thing could be and how old is Dougie Gilmore thirty four i believe thirty four yeah we're gonna have for a couple years yeah he'll be a healthy useful very excited to see him sure been useful so far has any uh... tremendous and great team around in elis playing thank god that the panthers didn't get dug Gilmore we got that stalwart the clerk mother who looks like uh... old man uh... ready to go out to see you can have him we had him in life is good right uh... she must request okay he and his arm at tally and you want to be a tally and you want to go to Italy can you play bopongola for me bopongola right down back right here to show oh a crazy little good on talking to a wise guy fella said it went to be able to grow zed bella bitch della truss at a was your mother and your younger sister stala hey bopongola driving down my highway my era with my honey or so on school got better walk all me money so i've lost i was with my spirit was in gana hey bopongola bopongola bopongola bopongola that cast on our ways the only family for me bopongola bopongola bopongola bopongola like a poor dog calling on the dog body you will find a business very busy down in Vegas in as far as the yoke city in the juziest not hard to find us at fact they don't really see no mind us remember Jimmy hopper all the money that he's banned and the best I never paid us back we didn't see a send now he's working for the man and lands holding up some man hey bopongola bopongola bopongola bopongola bopongola bopongola bopongola bopongola bopongola bopongola bopongola bopongola bopongola bopongola or we're in the air first you have a light in there not just pretend you have a light in there dammit anyway it is cosine austranata cast on austra and it's also not casa casa nostro the ar house i know it's our thing yeah same thing in both languages but he says costa no yeah in the song well it was my point what do you want is a quito he's a guito what is that what tell you what from him he's a guito he's not a real italiano is a guito why do you think he's saying bopongola that only nothing thank god here's my m.i.e. hello Neil yes sir are you done great I'd be Friday to you and back to you news guy he's he's the worst you got to get rid of him okay he's gone he says to me he's got a request for you let's send him out to buy his wife a necklace yes i bought four five years ago you guys had a bit uh believe it's called assholes on parade yeah yeah you still got it four five years ago yeah but you think we still got that yeah yeah i wanted to uh you're family with the questions you can play it have a great weekend thank you we're a good boy bye open line of day six two two five four six three six two two w i o d as we celebrate whatever we're celebrating here today what are we celebrate that are what we're celebrating right hey we're celebrating the fact that it's Friday we're celebrating the fact that it was and by the way you know that story about the cox sisters i know for fact it was wrong it's an asshole celebration it was a lie and they're all out on the street see them on the sidewalk over here let's jump in the feet that's 20,000 assholes doing asshole from the native step aside good people there's the asshole's on parade you we got the assholes for freedom the assholes for nine assholes for Jesus the assholes for guns assholes for justice assholes for crime assholes for assholes assholes all time we got assholes making money making all the rules taking our jobs there's a million of high school assholes on the water assholes in the sky you sign the sentient wanted only asshole to the fly oh teach you won't you tell me i really made a race i might have my class or am i just another asshole on the parade oh asshole is getting orders and asshole broke the boat asshole is getting elected the assholes get to the boat i want to start a film that all that's all never died they just lean and bend and walk behind asshole in the morning asshole every day asshole to the left and the asshole to the parade there's 20,000 assholes doing asshole from the native step aside good people asshole's on the parade i like you i have no life 128 in Wiod 610 Wiod 132 at Wiod do we got all the cocks people in here today man it's unbelievable it's incredible they're all like a gutter hard hats on they're all hard today because they're getting their tour their brand new building right up the street the old y-100 building up here how do you like that huh they say they're still skeletons of built tenor and i'd building and i believe it here's what and also probably Jim really here's West Palm Beach hello in the L.A.s. going great i heard you play some WLS singles before do you have any more of those? WLS W no i'm not sure but the music did i what? did you get the tape i dropped off to you with the old WLS singles on him? no what was that? probably about six or seven months ago probably not can i ask a request of a lightning round of some jingles jump played in a wall? some jingles? some old ones? okay next one you got it too i told you we're doing request in jingles today and it took all the way to 130 me for somebody with some taste called in said how about some old jingles? and i say hey let me find some old jingles how's that? i got some old double oh i'll wait a minute look what i got here George wait till you hear these look out robby young for the woman with a man in mine and w you kill him through the use of a subliminal trigger igniter listen the pause that refreshes you are George short and that we are on the piece of tiger here ring 89 oh gee let me retry over here in a rackets a good thing we didn't throw these out because uh you got the 99 alright okay i'll find some more jingles momentarily okay let me oh we'll myself back up on top of the mountain here we have an open line in the out of town line one triple eight four seven four nine four six three one triple eight four seven four nine four six three better not play no more of those QAM jingles here's the Fort Lauderdale hello Fort Lauderdale going once going twice here's Fort Lauderdale on six hello yes sir hey how are you doing great great show man okay um a little too much Larry King today though okay that's heard me um sorry about that that's okay um i was hoping i could segue out of a few minutes ago you were sticking to your Rogers god yeah you were speaking about doing your duty and i thought i heard a slight softening in your position i pooped my pants yeah on uh the other softening were my position yeah on the other indoor sport that we have in south Florida yeah we're gonna allow to mention one be that as it may how can you avoid mentioning Eric Reed the worst play by playing and i've ever heard of me and avoid mentioning i've talked about him for years the one i'm talking to his teeth and she's shabby shabby the sheevity five yeah that was months ago i heard that yeah so what do you want me to talk about now more the same the guy yeah the music sounds best on w apc okay thanks for calling 610 w i would see by the way pal and uh you're gone we have an open line at broard seven shakes sheevity w i would use right Eric Reed talks through his teeth actually there was once upon a time i think was either a year to go he stopped doing that for like two games and i came on here and i said you know something i saw a little bit of the heat came on tv doing it and Eric Reed actually was pretty good and then he started going back to an out of the sky sheevity sheevity and i saw god get rid of that guy and then i met him on man does you show that one uh it was last year one sunday that he was on there with the man witch and boy talk about a an ask cister god almighty and i said the man that you could do better than that on the show you might even have your last man on the show being improvement and he looked at me in last here he said about saw Steinberg and then i laughed here's homestead hello hey Neil yes sir god man and i want to know if like you could play ebonic it's like the coolest when you go to the banners graduate again you want to hear that it i didn't hear it come on man you want to hear it again you want to hear this again yeah okay pal right that's for you hope a lot of day six two two nine four six three i want to know all the languages we speak now it pound i would say in it i took a call so the bonnicks they say the future beat bad fo me now again gets no job cos i don't got no little rc has talking like an old deep road he found it's taught the how this way now what can do nothing but my heritage says that's okay change my name to shoot road and try to do send the code to any kind of like i remember when i was stealing all the white penscuffs hanging outside the building their ball trying to bloom without poverty white devil's got no job cajt If I'm an exclamating sound funny, God's nothing to do with literacy. Now I got to make my own money. Leave a fool, sounds good to me. I got plenty of nothing. If I'm an exclamating sound, He'd be out of my mind. Still a push and full of hair. Then I'd take some money. My stereo and the fridge is dead. I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cards. Hanging outside the building their path. Round the blues that part of the tea. Why did it was got to know your foe me and... Ha ha ha. So the botanics would get my lap a change now. Ha ha. Got to go in, sell more crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Crack cocaine. Well, that point, all of those cross-wragged It's right back to the center. You would set it up again. What is pants? It's like my partner, Yoder. And I'm a fake. It's a pants for the French. It's not a lovey right here. Ha ha. So it's a star. Hey, how's it? It's worked. It's worked. It's like a ring. And he beats a black-arranted beer on the backwards lane. Ford it's a very old lovey. 21 till 2 at W-I-O-D. Happy Friday to all. Why are we also happy around here today? Everybody seems to be in a really great mood today. Except Adam looks all pissed off. What's he pissed off about, huh? What do you mean, pissed off about? He just, he just pissed because one Steve Kane comes over here. They're probably going to make new clients the executive producer. And he's not going to get it. Oh, damn. I was in my be spending a lot of time outside getting a good 10. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I just wanted to wish you the best of luck on Q.A.M. I'm going to do a fine job. Yes, sir. And shameless request, please. Okay. Present bitch from my friend Scott Donner. You and Helen Dale was thinking about coming out of the closet. All right. All right. You're an action scot. We knew you could do it, pal. The man. And tell him to hang out of that. Okay. Thanks. They say I love his taboo. Then what we're doing is wrong. But I don't care what they say. Because my love is so strong. They tell us we should be ashamed. We're not husband and wife. But I've cherished each moment with you. I'm so glad you're in my life. You're my prison bitch. My prison bitch. You're not like a man. I'm glad we share a prison cell. We're like scoops at 10. I can't expect to wear a bill. Oh, now that will be a crime. As long as I'm doing you, I don't mind doing time. Calls you a buy prison bitch. My prison bitch. And I have no regrets. I got you for a candy bar. And a pack of cigarettes. At first you were resistant. But now you're on my friend. I knew that I would get you. In the end. Oh, prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. I guess that you were sent from above. Yeah. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. And now you are my prison girl. Oh, now. And my prison bitch. Prison bitch. Your prison bitch. And your upset mission. Uh-huh. Only have a one request. How about some, you best a leader. Yeah. I'm tired of this prison cell. I need to get away. The sentence made to seven years. Now seven times a day. I'm your prison bitch. Your prison bitch. You're in fall, may be accurate. I really hate these knockers. That you've turned on my back. I thought that I could break away. But now I'm losing hope. God, I'm part of the pin of the soul. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. When I get out, I'm ready to go straight. I know my prison bitch. My prison bitch. I'll never say goodbye. You're not like all the others. Too bad they had to die. On the second thought I'd be lost. If you want me to. You're prison bitch, is never leaving. Yeah. That person would not sell me. But now you're my son, man. That's a woman, man. I'm not like that. No, no, no. You want to know why they call you off. Harder, criminal. You've got to find out when you call this the poge. You don't want to go ahead and learn in the short time that we've been here in this building, is that real serious born again Christians. Number one, they don't ever swear. That's number one. Number two, they would never ever make up stories in life. 144 W.I.O.D. W.I.O.D. This is not your radio. It's just real static. Neo, yeah. Last week I did the crazy and big. I flew to Oakland to learn deep on it. And then I hit the streets to go check out my stuff. And what happened was why did I run away? There was a black guy standing on the corner. I said to him, a zap and your blood was going down. But he looked at me as if I was some kind of rain. And you won't believe what he called me. Check out who the Jacoboom. The Howdy You. Like a Jacoboom, check the boom, bet you don't like a Jacoboom. The Howdy Don't like a Jacoboom, check the boom. He's ready, body, safe for you. And he pulled out a gun. I said, he, man, I'm just learning. He bonks when I want. Then he named that thief. He said his lesson would owe you. A rock, rock, a loop, rock, a bonks, damn, damn. As I lay there, I thought I was dies. Someone called the Parametics. I drew, too. Then another dude said, man, you must study. Can't keep you. You'll be fine, and it's a game. It will be dead, send you. Jacoboom, check the boom. Now howdy You. Like a Jacoboom, check the boom, bet you don't like a Jacoboom. The Howdy Don't like a Jacoboom, check the boom. But I like her. Jacoboom, check the boom. 149 and W.I.O.D. Let's do their field beach, hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Can you please play a pork roast dough? The pork smoked dough. Yeah. Are you sure? Yeah. That's what I heard. That pops, pops, down. Got it from the grass. The pop, pops, pops, down. Yeah. Just talking about the pop, pops, pops, down. He's a good man. The pop, pops, pops, down. He's a good man. The pop, pops, pops, down. Oh my God. The pop, pops, pops, down. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Guys, why I'm just killing. He's a science-pack. He's in one, get thrown on grass. Jesus, reach out back. Jesus, Christ, Jesus, you've been never shot in the jungle. Once in one, just go no more. Jesus, Christ, Christ, Christ. Oh, Sparks, down. Get you in the grass. The pop, pops, pops, down. He's a good man. The pop, pops, pops, down. He's a good man. The pop, pops, pops, down. The pop, pops, pops, down. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I can't even do mine a fail. Jesus, Christ, hell, I want that. Two foot gants, you take up hill. Now she's got an enjoy. Take him to the mat, ain't you? Four eight hundred, four eight hundred, four. First in darkness, of gunnaro, one in smoke. The pop, pops, down. Okay, Jesus, in the grass. He's a pop, pops, down. He makes his face a mess. The pop, pops, pops, down. Jesus, who we have done. The pop, pops, down. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Try placing a umbrella. High up high, high up high. Ooh, popping clear of it. High up high up high. Aah, ah, ah The Pope is killing a jail! I am the Pope is killing a jail! I am the Pope's first dove! Can't keep in the ground! The Pope's first dove! He makes his so good ass! The Pope's first dove! He's the guilty ass! The Pope's first dove! The Pope's first dove! The Pope's first dove! The Pope's first dove! Stokes! Stokes! Stokes! The Pope's first dove! Will the Pope you have to drive me down! One  Devon's water caramel! He's killed which is just aweight of 22 and into his wickedwhy! Interesting. Philip wasn't able to save? That's right. Alright, just Technologies are approaching first is plural right now in a way man can only is one no can can all can all can all can all can all can all can all can all be two more right more right okay I have another example of very very bad quido speak okay probably the quintessential line in the three movies in the godfather when Frankie Pentangely comes to Michael and asks him for a favor something about the young the old neighborhood and he leaves and he is disappointing because Michael won't help him out he says to each other I wonder which your professor would think of that which means well cheaty which is a bad pronunciation of cheaty which is a carbonce means you know I don't cheat it's a cheat which says that pronunciation I bought that you know that's the door I'll port yeah I think that's about the worst example of it oh my god and the cheat job org huh let me ask you this the Sicilians don't speak to say they speak Sicilian that's correct right and because I because people tell me that not only Sicilians but also the in a palatano I'm not talking about the horse people in palpino but the people from Naples right they also speak a different dialect that is so different that it's uh if you knew like real Italian you wouldn't know what they were talking about exactly that's where my people came from and that's where I heard the worst example right now I was a kid at Brooklyn only if you pretend you don't understand the Sicilians they make it off for you can't refuse so you just smile and say see see but the noveli don't look down and it's in my my mother always said oh those Indians you know they see if I've been it whatever you say anyway love the show follow you wherever you go thanks pal all right I'll read her cheek bye ciao yeah bonus dinner almost time for bonus Sarah thanks to the state of California the bonnicks has become an official language but on the east coast in Brooklyn pizonics is ruling the street a used guys check out the bambinos on that broad and get a load of her pulpa English translation I really enjoy her company so last night I banged a hell out of this chicken this real classic joint English translation I made love to her in the back of my camara yeah yeah I'm the main penance director we're all the youth hang out English translation I'm a janitor at the elementary school if you'd like to get your copy of hooked on pizonics just stuff some money and a clean brown envelope and shove it under the back door of mario's over on the west side and will be in touch. God's you me and I want 55 at W i o d here's sunrise hello I don't know great. Hey listen uh she's out of her and I've got any more money since I've been to team after him. Alex Fernandez they've named a team after him. Every time you hear the news I'll train it for an in the marland. Right in the marland. Yeah one other paying and they're paying them by the pound that's why he owes the team now. Okay he's there really. That's right. Let's think and you play some for me. I might. Courtney locked us the Shakespeare. Okay thank you sir. Courtney loved the Shakespeare. Oh yeah. Is that what that's called? George. I guess you guess. Well I never actually saw the title of it since it's on one of these things that I got in here and am I gonna find that before we have time to get out of here because if I don't he's gonna be it's gonna ruin his weekend. I don't want to ruin that guy's weekend. Do I? Does I? Always number 51 I can't find number 51 is a salty pressing and so on you know and I'm gonna feel bad. I'm gonna tell you what if we go 10 minutes over in the Rick and Suds and we're gonna find a stupid damn thing and then I don't think it's the one he's talking about anyway. Do you know what I'm saying? Where is it? Where to hell it be? Where do it be? There's 50 there's 52. Where the hell is this number 51 for Quenalato? Are you hiding it? Are you sitting on it? Are you like a squeeze in it? Oh my god Manage your la mesadia. No god. Like I said it's around somewhere but forget it. So anyway I tried like hell tonight you saw me you were witness I tried to bad he loses. 156 at Wiod noble noble prices that's what they say if University Dodge in Davy.