Don't get weird on us. It's only radios. 5, 6, 10 WIOD Miami, Portland, now. 6, 10 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show. To talk with you, I'll call 622 WIOD in date. 7, 6, 7 WIOD in Broward. Mobile 1 and 18 team wireless customers can call toll free at Pound IOD. And now, not only across South Florida, but across the nation and Canada too. Call toll free at 1, 8, 8, 8, 8, 4, 7, 4 WIOD. And now, the Neil Rogers Show. If I was but taxable, the other day the other day the other day the other day the other day the other day the old day the old day. All day long, guys, be the beautiful. If I was a taxable, going, I'd buy up all the stations like the life of lovin' Zeta I and see an IOD. I'd have loads of money in the bank. A knowing was a go-in like Ron's today. I'd have already own that work that nobody carries but everyone has done on the spots. TV cable, real estate I vote O. I'd have a half a dozen big ep stations and 607 am stations too. And that's just in hell and they'll all alone. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. If I was but taxable, the other day the other day the old day long, guys, be the little with my number. If I was more taxable, I'd have already arranged a full man. By the way, the birds come in back. I'd have shackles, you know what I mean. And it's Dan Major. I'd be richer than the freakin' quaste. Steve Kane. When I think I would be turning... Roy Reynolds. If I was that taxable, I'd have called back for man in the crease. The devil's happy only legal and rough need of my order. The score! And if a K turning shouldered off by Lowry but the K get moving. Brandy but K twisting with it. Sennery Passor! Lowry! No one passes! And there's have it, Brogore hasn't left. Up ahead it knocked away by Andrew Chuck. Load it back on again and it's covered by neither fire. Now head into the bench, Brogore. The devil's will go in six attackers. Needed my air sentence to the corner. Hacked along by Devor. Waiting is Gilmore, keeps to the live. Gilmore, shoot! Say it made by Ben Beesbrook. Off Gilmore again. Medmond, Garan, knocked away. Backhand, they're up over the floor. They met him and then out the glass. One line flipped along further. Needed my air around behind me. He's Gilmore out in front. They hack away at it. Still, it's Gilmore to Garan. He can't get it shot away in the way of the Black. Clear back off. able to keep it his own line. The fans are standing. It's difficult to see. Buck came back. Covered out of Devor. Act down the eyes. And in! Get on somebody better tell us redact of Orac. The quick mess in with my predictions. What did I say yesterday? Panthers 3 New Jersey 2. And there it was. 3 to 2. It was right within my grasp and the score 2. And this smart ass kid scores that empty net goal. But thank you very much, Radik. Because you've got on a side of there with 30 seconds left. No traffic whatsoever. Got out of there like a bad out of hell. And it was great. All of a sudden out of nowhere. And of all people. Of all people to set a fire onto the ass of this team. Robby Needemar. Robby Needemar. Who all of a sudden got that wake up call. In fact, as you. And this is the Gods on his truth. God dang. Just before he scored the tying goal there in the third period. And this is the first time we've all seen along one of the game after training after two. He's coming across the blue line. I'm starting my own kind of like under my breath. Robby. Robby. I'm doing it sarcastically. And just before we took the shot, I'm going Robby. And by the big writing that everybody including me gets up and we're screaming. Then of course he gets in the fight and kicks chambers ass. Big time. And then the crowd is all going. Robby. Robby. We're easy. Okay. We forget all the other stuff. Nice going. And then Dave Lowry and what a pass by Shepherd on that first goal. I know you don't want to hear about it. You non-hockey boring people. Okay. It was great. Just with a doctor ordered it's the right time. A freaking miracle. Okay. A freaking unbelievable miracle. Just when things were looking pretty grim and slim and grim. And all of a sudden these guys bootstucked up. Nice going Robby. Nice going Dave. Shepherd. What a pass. So that was some night that the arena last night. The only problem again that the crowd. Oh man. Our topic today by the way and a notice certain shows they're doing topics these days. But our topic. Our topic today is drunken Graham at the sporting events in South Florida. Boy did we have drunk stare last night. We had more drunk spruce square inch than you could shake your thing into. I mean just unbelievable. And then the crowd and I'm not just talking about the aratman up there who's a real ass. Well I'm talking about a whole thousands of people. And the third period there that was that situation I figured it was was it the Scott need a Meyer and Murphy somebody in Murphy. Pretty sure what Scott need a Meyer better check better check the thing here and see you got the double minor. Okay. And Rob shaked the referee cause the penalty. There's an original penalty against jersey and then Murphy and whoever it was I think need a Meyer get into it. Let me check you. Where's the thing? Okay. Let's see. Third period. Yeah Scott need a Meyer. A double minor. And so the referee is called a double minor. nursed people would know how to sit and watch some videos on Murphy for retaliating which is fine. We got the man advantage because we got a powerplay and now the crowd not Even understanding not even getting it even though they only put the two minutes for need them are up there and a board for them. And now the crowd thousands of them are screaming hey refuse. SUN and we're all looking to like what is wrong with you he just gave us a powerplay out of that you idiots you moron when are you better learnyour situons And barricin put going All right by the Way Sorimmer don't get all Ruffl the reason I had to play a mic Emark this morning is So that for some reason, one of the 85,000 power outages and plantation in last couple of days, it flipped over to short play. So I could home after the game last night. And all I got is the New Jersey. Thank goodness I taped in both. See, always have a backup. Always have a backup behind you. Even if it's Paul Coffee. But at any rate, so that's the only telecast I had. And my camera quite frankly, that wasn't his best work ever, but it's all we got. So it's better than nothing. So that's why you weren't on there, remember, so don't get all bent out of shape in psychotic and emotional as usual. Okay, that's the reason we had the Emma Kai-Lights from Sports Channel, whatever it is. That does the devil's games. So there we go. It was a great night. A good time was had by all. We had a lot of drugs. And I saw a mad dog there last night. Mad dog was up there enjoying it. Sitting up there, kind of kicking back with 85 beers in his hand. He was really having a great time. And he said to me, I like guys. And I said, hey, I'll see you. So at any rate, let's see, manage was there, who, well, on and before I left the house, this is the best news of all. Get ready to go to the hockey game, hoping for a three, two path to win. What you really was three, two, the empty net goal was the icing on a cake. All was icing? No, just a, anyway. So at any rate, the phone rings, and who is it? It's that bitch, Eleanor Breffer from the Miami-Herald. That fucking bitch. I just want to say this, okay, Ellie. Don't bother me. Any information that I have to pass along, I will give to Tom Jicka, because Tom, even though we've had our moments over the years, who hasn't, when you've been here for as many years as Tom and I have been, you're gonna have your moments, but Tom's a good guy, and he doesn't write bull crap. He doesn't just make things up. And he also isn't an old job for a doctor tour, that's what the credit created problem, just to get a spicy quote and create some kind of a war. Tom's got a real nice piece. In fact, he ought to be worrying it in that picture. Now I mean, he's got a nice piece of the Suncentalist morning, on page 4e, bid to sensor Rogers prompted move. How do you like that? So at any rate end, basically what I'm reading in the article here is all pretty accurate, and all what I told him. And Ellie Brecker, two minutes before I'm leaving the house to go to the hockey game, and this bitch calls again, I said, what do you want, Ellie? Why do you want to believe this, but I'm writing another story. I said, what's the book coming out already, honey? Why don't you just write a make in 10 million a year and just get it over with make up whatever you want? And she's another one of these people who doesn't get it. She ought to work for Paxon. She doesn't get it. She doesn't get the message. Like a lot of other people that don't get the message, we're getting email now. We're getting facts for people about, oh, wow, Hank, thanks to this. And the Paxon people, see, what you don't understand that little handful of mal content and just out there, I don't really care. I don't care. I don't care if this one's going ballistic. I don't care if that one is having an interest breakdown. I don't care if let's see, where they're bringing in Don, I'm as Howard Stern and Jerry Williams and William B. Williams, they're all coming in here to do midday. Fine. Great. Life goes on. Master Lebanon is they say in China, it's a paycheck, it's a living. Okay, it's a business. But the number, I mean, just a feeding frenzy that's going on here lately. I mean, Stan, major calling and on the air we're here the other day. I almost said they called us somebody off the air, which I don't want to do that. But no, seriously, Stan sniffed it around over here like they're going to put him on the air here. On this radio station again after that earlier debacle to talk about Milky Way dark. Remember those shows were you around there? I was doing them. I was bored. Oh, my God, and you survived that. Let's hear it for George folks. Come on. Remember that's how we got me to job with you. Anybody buy a good watch lately? You know, how many years ago that is? And I still remember it. Now that's like 70 years ago. That's when Mr. Ego went to New York to W ABC for his short-lived run up there. And Stan, major in yes, I must confess. I had, well, I had nothing to do with that. I had something to do with getting money on the weekend there, which was bad enough. But then as a desperation move and they stuck a monitor and afternoon drive and Stan did many, many shows on Milky Way dark and Milky Way lights. I mean, don't take it personal, Stan. It's not personal. It's just business and God. I mean, it was pretty exciting radio. See, there are a lot of people who think that they can do this. Stream of consciousness come on and bop-pop-pop. See, I'm going to tell you right now. I don't care what Walter Sabos says. I don't care what Harry Peanugh says. I don't care what Peter Bolger says. I don't care what anybody says. Topic talk radio where we come on and this is the topic. We're going to talk about how many pedestrians you've hit this week with your car. It is so boring. It is so terminal and the demographics that it gets are so old. Just look at the light bulb, man. They had to put a special column an arbitron for dead people just so that the light bulb could show up in there. That's how old topic radio gets demographically. Because living and breathing people don't care about that. It is so that went out with knickers that went out with two piece bathing suits for men. And these guys, man, they got all the answers. They want to hear those hot topics. They want to hear your push those hot buttons, baby. Even Lardass Limbo is in the tank. This company spent 125 grand. So I was told by the big man, what's his name? What's his name? Yeah, he told me this. He spent 125 grand on Wednesday to get that half-assed fat slabs show. And he's dead in the water, man. Because nobody wants to hear all that right wing rhetoric anymore. They've heard it till it's coming out of their... Breccombe. Exactly. Out of their body parts. But all these people are experts in everybody. They pop up, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop pop, pop, pop, pop, pop plays, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop pop, pop, pop, pop, Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, I understand listening to you. You certainly could do spag. Do I? Just to me, I've never played anything. Well, can I ask you a question before you go? Oh, God, you sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, go ahead. Why did you call me? I didn't call you. I just said, you're not to say anything. Just play something. Oh, God, can't stand it. Well, then why are you listening? I play something already. Why won't you answer me? Oh, God, can't stand it. You won't see. He won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Hello. Yeah, we better get that car phone. 10 15 and Wild. Never. When my dog is in town, she's not listening to us. What the fuck are we talking about? Penny, we have Wild. The happy Thursday. It's a great day in town. Man, we're going to have ticker tape parades. Everybody is on their feet. Everybody's all pumped up. They are. And of course, we're going to be talking to Mike Lang, the voice of the penguins later on. I want to clock for a few minutes. Don't get panicky now. Rumors not coming. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. I think the team might have their B. I. 12 shot yesterday before the game could be. I think that's what done it. Well, I've not heard you all you're doubting Steve Thomas is out there. I told you three to do banners and I'll take a four to two just to be safe. I think even Joe Wada, a pretty decent game last night. Not bad for him. Yeah, it's right. Everybody's been half the game in a penalty box. Keep this out of trouble. Keeps out of our way. Are you going to a giant class in Saturday? Yes. Well, I want to inflate your red cross the way on the swelpelling the university rather the big, all water pool tournament. Yeah. And you may want to check it out after class. That's in the top players in the room competing there. Really? It's a really fun sport to watch. Very physical and exciting. A lot of almost naked young guys. Exactly. Great. Check out the little short walker. Kind of right on the top and center where you're at there. Oh, it is. Yeah. I don't think there was anything behind the conference center. Yeah. Just a little bit. There's a bunch of naked guys. Just a little bit to the side there. I'm a big, big swimming pool complex. Great. Check out if you put your name on a list. You want to pay admission even. All right. All righty. Thanks, pal. I'll pick it up. Okay. There you go. You know about those swimmers and Polo guys. Two open lines in day six, two, two, two, W.Y. would day two and proud seven, six, seven, anybody out there. Hit any pedestrians this week. Come on. That's our topic today. Who would you rather have the bird? Stand major. Steve Kane, Ellie Brecher. Who do you want to show me days when I'm out of here? Come on. Let's hear it. I hear Andrew Calvins coming back in the fills coming to produce and show. That's the more that I heard. Are you. Well, that's positive. Here. Here. Oh, God. But people are kind of laid in our forces. Did you notice he's not only very defensive continually. And also very, like, you know, he's, he's what he is. But did you notice the little thing he said that we were talking about one of the personalities on a station of Apple to buy a pin to be very weak? And he said, oh, you want to have to worry about that once everything kind of light plays out. Did you notice that? And then like, I kind of like, like, my curiosity. curiosity is all I've put in my car already kind of like a flanked out in the hallway. Once everything plays out. Yeah right. Cause we're terrified of these uh, up this operation, make no mistake about that. Make no mistake. Everybody in the market is terrified that packs my keep it. I mean, my cello. But that's what it is. I had it like almost right. My cello to somebody knows what they're doing. That's what it's all about. So I'm going to read time, jikas, column, and a little while. Just to spice up a little interest. Because not everybody reads the Sun Sentinel, I guess. And there's some pretty interesting crap in there that even I didn't know. Okay, let's go to a adventure. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How about that? How am I to vanish coming on for, sir? He looks pretty good. All we got to do is win one game. There's not one to talk to you about a new uh, new comment commentation I heard this morning or comment on the news. They ask you before we do that. Have you hit any pedestrians this week? No, I'm, I'm trying real hard not to do that. I get into work really early. Okay. But anyways, they just uh, 911 operator the uh, that took the call from that uh, that uh, young teenager that there was some crime going on in her home. And they uh, accused the 911 operator being rude. Yeah. Can you imagine? Yeah. I thought it was a prerequisite to be a resident day to be rude, or at least a tendency to be rude. That's right. Especially if you're going to be a phone operator. Absolutely. Can you imagine if all the rude people in South Florida became like unconscious, like at 10 30 for like two hours? Or if they just left? There would, or if they just left with their baby, would there be anybody here? Not too many, just us. Oh, they, I can't believe it. Just joking George. It said you and George talked you later. Okay. Go get some pedestrians. Absolutely. Okay. Daydelines. Why don't we open here? I thought we'd be having a party on the phone here today. Man, I thought this tower would be jumping on it. Oh, guess who was at the game last night? I didn't recognize him at all. You know, it's embarrassing when somebody comes up between periods and they uh, got a big smile on their face and they shake your hand and uh, remember me and you say no. No, it was costus. Remember our friend, costus the Greek? Not Bob. But like, uh, what's your favorite? And Bob, kind of like a regular guy. But he's in the military and he's got like different hair and he lost a lot of weight and he looked great. I mean, real good. I used to see a costus. 622, W. IOD and Dave. We got any takers this morning. We're going to have to read the time, jicker column to jump start these bastards. I don't want to do that. We don't want to keep dwelling on this thing on and on and on and pop, pop, pop, pop. And let me say it again. LA Brecker don't bother me anymore. When you don't get to get the message, what does it take to get the message across the summities people? I've gotten nothing to tell you sweetheart. Just keep doing what you've been doing. You and Barry Jackson make it up. Just keep making crap up and put it in the paper because we all know the heroes got great credibility. And I don't do that. But I know that you've been trying to stir up the pot and try to get people to say all kinds of crap about me. She did it with uh, we'd let's see with Harry penis. She did it with Rhona Wolf. She's doing it with everybody here called a packs and people and desperately try to get them to make all kinds of cost of comments about me so she can start this war in the newspaper because there's nothing else going on and she's bored I guess. And then she calls me on a phone and sucks my ass over the phone last night like you wouldn't believe. Oh, I wish you the best luck and you know how fond I am. But blow it out your ass, Ellie. Get out and hear already go. I run out of go. You'll go with Randy Rhodes and get out of my face. God, you jacky brought you. Nothing worse than phony bastards who give you the real, you know, they, they're real good. Uh, oh yeah, I love you so much and then behind your back they're just they're just turning it and twisting it and yanking it and pulling it and pushing it to try to stir the pot. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach garden. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, you know how things, um, more things change the money remain the same. Yes, sir. Well, I know who your perfect replacement will be. Okay. Jay Michael. All right. Now we're talking. All right. Great. That'll be a good one. Well, I like that. Yeah. Well, I get one of those. I'll be following you down the dial. That's not what I'm hearing. That's not what I'm hearing. They think, um, they're pretty sure here that everybody's staying with 610 Wild. Well, I think they got a good point. Take care, Neil. Okay. See ya. By the way, what's that, uh, what's the name of that song that's in, uh, the, uh, the, the, the Michael's did. Let's see. I got sunshine. I got my radio. What is that? I guess it's still in the cart. I saved that one. I know what I got it somewhere. It's another one of those Stan Major show, uh, show songs. And I'm sure that in fact, most of the people who are listening now, the same Stan who, who are you talking about? What is that? What is a Stan Major? And then, of course, it was Pete Porcher that, uh, brought that up this morning. Hoping I would talk about that. And they don't want to say, not good for the ratings, Pete. Not good. We don't want to put up all those billboards and blow the audience off. Talk about Stan Major and those, uh, Stokes. Although it is, uh, well, so anybody small, oh, eating any good Milky Way darks. Oh, and by the way. So I spoke to my doctor yesterday. This is a miracle. This is a major miracle. How I've survived this last several months. I'm, I'm not exaggerating. As fat as I've gotten. And I mean, I'm fat again. Gain, all the atkins wait back. But you know something great about the at the, I hope. I hope that that babbling bitch by the way is listing along with your, uh, a physician husband. The one thing about the atkins died, not only does it improve your bloodlip at levels, but at least in my case, it has this tremendous staying power. In other words, you can gain the weight back. You can do all you can eat ice cream and can't. And I'm not recommending that you do this. But for some reason, it seems to there's this residual effect after you've done a long period of time of that. And if at least you try to do it occasionally in between, which it's been very much in between for me, like, you know, six days off and one day on and the diet too. But at any rate, uh, my blood sugar was 139, which is not bad. My cholesterol was 229, which is only like a point higher than it was, uh, some months ago, whenever less time I did it and not really that bad. I mean, it should be under 200, but 229 is not bad for a fatally fart like me. And my triglycerides were 100, which back at the, before I did the atkins, they were 300. Then they went to 66 and then a 77 and now 100, which they, they do tell you now that they liked them to be 100 or less. Used to be 200. Your triglycerides, which is a very key indicator of like fart attack, is, uh, keep it out of 100. But I thought that was pretty damn good. And Dr. What's his name, Dr. Mark said, you're right. These people around here are nuts. I said, I know who's blood is. It must be somebody else's blood test. That's why they came out so good. Now I'm starting to get the message. Okay, we have an open line in day at 62, 22, Wiod, one in Broward, 767, one on the mobile, one purple line, pound, IOD. Two on the other town lines, one triplet, our topic today is your favorite pedestrians you killed. Our first collar will be Rick Sanchez. Oh, so horizontal line? 610 Wiod. Okay, I don't want to let the cat out of the bag, but Pete did tell us who's going to be my replacement here at it. All right. Oh, look at that. It's eating the cart. I love it. It refuses to play. Look at that. I just can't keep my secret. You know how it is? I came to tell you six. Oh, that's the head of my cart. Who will never hear you? I am that him, right? Bye. Joey. I better stop it there, because that cart. That's an old Zeta cart by the way, Pete. Look at that. Look for Melia. Oh, yeah, you got that. I'll bring it back. No, seriously, that's one of those old Zeta. Will you give him some B12 or something? Give him some drugs. Just a joke. Don't you remember you packed up all those carts for me and said, hey, good. Get us the Lommie sandwich. And have a great life and get out of here. They give me a whole, in fact, we're taking these carts too by the way, because they all belong to me or Roy. Should I give him the Roy or should we take him? He said, here, take him with Marblecine and we'll also give you a Stale Salami sandwich from Wolfies right up the street. Bye, bye, Joey. And I'd play the whole thing. You've sent for the fact that this cart is like, uh, and you know something. This is one of those real old carts that's got no, oh, it's got no pads in it. This, how the hell do these play? They don't even make, well, they don't make carts anymore. Anyway, I guess they're hard to get. But these are carts from like, uh, before Einstein was a baby, the ones with no pads. Remember these? Oh my god. Scotch cart two 1827. I love it. And that's just coincidentally, the your joy was born. How do you like that, Joey? I am that him. Rye. Garts Monday, 10 to 2 on 610 W. I. O. D. Bill Marshall's coming back to. We couldn't get the bird. Little too expensive. Bill Marshall's coming back on a laugh loop. Here's Carl Spring. Hello. I know how you doing. Great. When you leave him for QAM? Some day. I don't know. Some day soon, some day down the road. Who knows? Only the shadow knows. I don't know. I can't fight. If I knew a date, I would tell you right now. If I were a betting man, I'd say someday. So rumor has that you're teaming up with the mad dog and Brian Cox. Yeah, we're that's right. We're doing it. Yep. I don't want to say what we're doing, but you can guess the panthers look pretty good last night. They were great, man. What a night. What a great night except for the drugs and except for those assholes that don't understand the game you want to referee, but other than that, it was great. They look pretty good. I got to be a rat. Few is stuck. Yeah, but he just called a double minor on Scott Neetermire. He plays for New Jersey. Maybe the thought it was because his name was Neetermire, it was on us. These people are so dumb. It's four years already. Dummies get with it. Learn the game a little bit. They knew I got to be on the 3D up in a flyer for 13 years. No, Lynn Ross, the next two games. He's just got suspended a sentence, by the way. It's Michael Remberg out for the year. I, well he said that it wasn't as bad as they thought, but I don't know when he's come. No, he's not out for the year. I tell you what. He got like eight million stitches in his post. I can't believe Bobby Clark has an address to go to an situation there. If we would add a gold tinder, I mean, they can go somewhere. Yeah. Hexpawn that I'm ready from the drape back, Pallylumberg in between the pipes and they're bringing it back. I'm sorry. We're going to put him in Terry's saw chuck in there together. They're going to time together. Say, anybody can take that. It's going to be a good playoff at the shirt. It's going to be exciting to watch. They're going to bring Lynn Hall back and see if he still pukes before the game. All he did play for Chicago and St. Louis. How'd you vent, Ronnie? My vet is running great. It's a beautiful thing. And now I have two vets that are totally different. And how happy could I be? You know what I'm saying? You got an NSX 2, right? Yes, I do. 96, a 96 red NSX, which I don't drive, but it's a great car. What about the Lumina? I can't afford it. Have a great day, pal. Yeah, I'll call for me. Yes. Ricky, Jimmy, and Dennis, you're a bunch of flaming, drip-y douche bags. All right. Yeah. Can I make one request? I always Steve Conway is going to be doing mid days. What is it? Can I hear the two-wee we found, please? Okay. Thanks a lot. See you. The two-wee we saw. Oh, and now look, oh, and Dave Grave line is going to be doing it. The bulletins are coming in fast in furious. Dave Grave line is going to be coming in the course they're going to lock down all the equipment real tight. They're going to tie everything down real happy duty. My buddy, my buddy, my buddy, my buddy, my bro, my extra wee wee. You only have one wee we've done. Oh, Mommy, I like to form. No, no, you're only supposed to have one. Is Daddy the food? No. He has two wee wee. No son, he's helping out for a little bit. Mommy, no. Yeah, a little one he's eating with and a great big one he brushes the babysitter's teeth with. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Happy to have Thursday to your suratah. Great day, man. I haven't run over you. Today's pedestrian's all the way. Try to the dining area you move too fast. Have you ever had even noticed Rick and Suds are doing topics. Now, which I know Rick would deny vehemently, but I noticed they're doing topics. It seems like a disease we better stamp it out before it kills Wild. They're doing topics now. You don't think that came from Walter Sabo. Do you are consultant? Oh, God. I hope not. Oh, my God. We're doing topics. Even on the Rick and Suds show. That's that's a scary thing and Rick keeps saying we're not going to do topics, but the topic today is. Yes, there it is. That's a clear indication of the downfall of West civilization. It is. Listen, great game last night. Robin Eatermire had some testicles for once. Robbie was here and you know something earlier in the game he wasn't doing anything. He was just, but I sat there in my seat as they crossed center ice. Here was Robbie with a puck and I still going. Robbie, Robbie and he crossed the blue line. I went Robbie and he took that shot at all of a sudden. It's in the net and everybody went ballistic and from that moment on it's like somebody woke his ass up. Like he came out of a rip fan week of like coma. Yeah, he did the Gordi. He beat the snout out of Sean Chambers there, which was great. I love that. He just beat the, he picked somebody good to fight with. He didn't pick like a lil odeline or somebody like that. Yeah, rock and dannico. He didn't mess with them. He picked somebody who could beat the crap out of me. Didn't nice job. Nice going Robbie. He did a Gordi house and the crowd is screaming. Robbie, Robbie, what an eye to be there. How to bad the fans didn't understand what was going on most of them. Oh, that was hilarious. I mean, we got a power place. Got an Eatermire got the gun. Look, it's a double minor. They give him four minutes. We're all excited where I am and any other assholes across the way. Thank god on the other side. Oh, hey, ref, you suck. I think they're too close to the red man. I think it's rubbing off. Yeah, all right. But you guys get a clue over there. Yeah, I told the alcohol the We're going to know what we're going to do in the playoffs because they're such a demand for tickets. Now we're going to give them all a written test before they are allowed to come in the arena. If they can't answer your five basic questions about the game, then I got to be allowed to come in no matter how many tickets they've got, how much money they got. That means nobody from Dave County's going to pass. Right. Listen, just have one shameless request. Yes, sir. Play Mike Land calling a stew bar into a Mario and you go. A stew bar in school. Well, while we have like on it, one o'clock. Oh, okay, but I love to hear his calls. Can you just play dog, go home? Four minute penalty. Johnson looks at over. He's got it. No, man, still far and just get it by. Do's it off and the penguins have a four to two. Oh, fucking nano. That wasn't very good. I don't like that. In fact, I don't even know why that one is in there. Okay, that wasn't one of Mike's, you know, a Hall of Fame calls. I wouldn't say this might be better. Yeah, better than penguins. But I had the thing with breakout. They're going to dance here. Here comes six on the right side to get any of his friends. Hold it down. He's waist got him in open here. Five. Seven. Yeah. So far. The goal in the penguins. Ladies and gentlemen, I'll never teach a penguins. The barns. Two open lines in Broward. 767. 463. 767. W. I. O. D. R. Pull question today. Is it Joey Reynolds? Is it, uh, Davey Gravy line? Would you like to have Stan major on here? Midday. But he like to be pain. How about Alice Rantel? Come on. These are the names Jim Phillips from Orlando that's very hot. We're the largest starting. We got some heavy new names coming in to replace Buffalo. It'll be a piece of cake because when I see what plays out here, it's going to be dynamite when they start playing at full commusic. It's going to be good. That's right. Everybody's here replaceable. I'm not under any delusions about that. This station has got to continue rolling along wheel strong. Sing on a song. A lot of thought. So Tom Dicker, right? This is that rocker's prompted move. We'll get to that moment fairly. Nice article, Tom. See one thing about Tom Dicker, you can trust him. If you say something to Tom, like, well, this is off the record. He doesn't put it in the paper. If you say here what I think, he puts what you think into paper and doesn't like change it to suit himself. Even if he does have a big ball spot. But with Eleanor Brecker and Barry Jackson, who are busy doing magic mushrooms, I guess. They just hallucinate and then they start calling around trying to stir up trouble. Just when I would just when we got out, they pull us back in. Remember that Godfather 3, just when we were out, we got out, they pull us back in or whatever. What did you say? Let's get to script from Godfather 3 and see if the Pope wants another glass of a tea. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. All right. You think the fans didn't know the game yesterday. What are they going to do tomorrow when it may be the last time they see Lumia play? I'm going to tell you if we don't respond for a, yeah, that's a very good point. If we don't respond for Mary or the way we should. In fact, it's very possibly the last time he's ever going to play here because unless we meet them in a playoffs and it's possible we would not. Unless that happens, he may never play another game here on our ice. And if we don't treat Mary or the respect and the admiration he deserves, then I'm going to be really pissed off because Mary was, you know, I know that some people say Bobby or and I used to say Bobby or and some people say Gritsky, which I get really pissed off with that nose. But to me, Mary or Lumia is the greatest player that ever put on a jog strap man. He's the best. Go, Ben. Bye. See you. Go, pens. Yeah, right. See now I take it back. Like I said, just be silent. Go, pens. No, not go, pens. Blow, pens. They got no defense. Just keep that in mind. Shekky, go, attending no defense. And also the rumor is that Yager will talk to my client about it later. Rumor is that Yager has that re-agorated that hamstring and may not play in the game tomorrow and I'd very good chance of that because in the game last night in Boston, I mean, two nights ago, he looked really off his feed and was a non-factor Yager. And if they don't have him healthy for the playoffs, they'll be out fast. I mean, real fast as in Zippity, Duda. But we'll find out from what's his name later on. What's his name? Oh, yeah, the great Mike Lang. I want to say to mention two times somebody gets upset. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yeah, I ain't the old quick tackle question for you. Yes, sir. Did you see yet the replays of the goalie took away from the last night? The email and be in the creasing now. No. Okay. Well, the way I understand the role is the puck has to be crossing the goal line, not to crease. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. Okay. His right to hate has to be out before the puck enters the crease. Right. Okay. And our boy Dennis probably, I'm not a completely wrong. Well, he's got the role wrong. A lot of these people don't know the rule if they'd read the rule. They'd find out that when the puck is going in the crease, if you're in there, it's not a goal. Well, the producer had to say to him off camera. His stick was still in there. That's why they just allowed him. Well, I knew it wasn't going to be a goal, because I saw him desperately. If Enoe was in there, Scott Scott, and he was frantically trying to back out. And even if the puck was in the net before he got completely out of there, even if you've got a tonal in that, I mean, it's the worst rule ever. And this has got to be the last year for it. It's a nightmare. And the fact that Brian Murray is defending that rule really frost my ass a lot. Not a little bit alone. Especially when his own players saying we're going to be called, religiously for it. Right. Well, everybody is called for it. I mean, every every timid league has been hurt by that this year. And it's just dumb. Now, last night, I will say that Melon B was right in the middle of the crease, basically. And it could interfere with Broder's ability to see the puck. But most of these goals that are being disallowed is the puck goes in on one side. And here's a guy like that Sunday in goal when we played the least here a few weeks ago. Sunday's got a tonal on the red line on the border of the crease. And because he's like touching it with a puck isn't a no goal. You know, that that's just bullcraft. So we're a rule. The worst rule in the history of any sport and they better cut it out. Okay. Next question. Because like Jerry says, boy, if we have a big goal, this allowed in the playoffs because of a bogus rule like this, people are going to be pit-thaw. Okay. Next question. Yes, sir. The auger played a long night because their last game is Sunday night, at Boston. And I think tomorrow night came to be more important than them. Yeah, but you understand if he's like, if that, I mean, would you play him if you're going to jeopardize him for the playoffs? I mean, a one thing they do know they're going to be into playoffs. And I sure wouldn't jeopardize the auger because they're a total, I mean, Mario is great, but without the auger, this is a different team. They got to have him in there. I'll see you point. All right, appreciate it. Don't forget, don't forget if we beat him tomorrow night, doesn't make any difference what they do against Boston. They are strict. Or against Tampa tonight. All we got to do is win one more game. Okay. After last night, we will. All right. All right. See you later. Could it be happening again? He asked just like last year. I see I didn't believe that. I thought that all these. I mean, I'm a doubting Steve Thomas. I just don't buy this crap. But it could be going to a blue deep funk and all of a sudden something somewhere, some magical thing. Fat Neil gets on a year, predicts the score and says these guys are going to win tonight. And they didn't believe it. Then somebody, the coach on a bench dug with Francis Hayne. Neil says we're supposed to win tonight. That means we got to score at least three. And all of a sudden, he's guys wake up like magic. As I wolfed my magic spell and I'm going, Robbie, Robbie, all of a sudden, but I'm being. But I'm being. As Mark Meculian would say on the CBS morning news and why does he said, we have an open line. I mean, there ain't no black people in the godfather. Okay. There's no what they said. So let them lose their soul. Something like that. I think the shoes, shoes salesman said that. Oh, shoes Steve said that. Oh, by the way, shoes Steve's going to be doing midday. We have an open line in day. It's 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 6 2 2 0 jury. William is just coming down. Okay, well we got to do a thing. No, we got to do a thing. I got so much going on here. I got that jica thing which I'm desperately got to read that because it is really very entertaining. I thought since most of it came for me. Oh, catch up on your sleep with Stan Major. This afternoon to on new stock radio 6 10 W I O D. 10 50 W I O D. We have an open line in day 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 6 2 2 W I O D. Want a big rate to get all the old people back on here again. Sam Geisons is going to be going to tend to Larry bottom some teeth. Here's sunrise. Hello. Oh, I'm going to the other going. Great, Joe. And the same major used to be a DJ in Toronto. I don't think so. I don't think they let them in. Anyway, I got that last color. Talk about what I was going to talk about the going in the crease. Yeah, that's a rule. It's still black and white. It's got to be some gray area. Like if you're on the opposite side of the crease of the golly. If there's interference with the gold tender, then the goal should be disallowed. And as nothing to do with the gold and it shouldn't then forget it. And leave everybody alone and go get a life. Yeah, if you're on the opposite side of the crease, it should go in. Right. And just after that, pot van said, I don't know if it's exactly where he was mentioning that he was who would have known that God would have been there helping the golly. Who would have known that God was there, huh? Yeah, that's what he said. God, I thought I was sitting in my seat. And why didn't God help the going go in better, you know, like, I feel really, really happy. Yeah, well, leave it to Dennis to come up with another lesson on comment. That's what he does best. He had two or three weeks. He's really been in Coherent lately, more so than usual. I know, he had a hat trick of incoherent, he left me. Good. Nice going, Dennis. Maybe that's why my VCR shut down. Thanks a lot, pal. We have an open line in date. 62294636222WYOD. We have a parent, Broward 7679463 767WIOD. So what he grabers coming in a half hour by the way, about 1130 this morning with the still up blue restaurant providing us what is it's still a blue restaurant at nightclub on the beach providing us with some real nice juicy stakes. Add a boy, Woody. Remember couldn't make it today because he said that wasn't good enough. He wanted to chat the way on. Too bad, you lose. Here's Cutler Ridge. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. Yes, good morning. Good evening. I made you, I made your last night. Right before the game. Right before the game. Yes. I told you I got hooked to you because for my son. What can sell the bell? Right. And I do want to say I, I, and you don't want you to be my wife's Jewish from the Bronx. Hey, so when you meet mixed Jewish things that you have with the Italian that you are in Italian now, I really, we really love it. We love what a combination. How can you go wrong? I, and you know how I can hook it up. I mean, can it be wrapped ravvy earlier or crap? What difference does it make you know what I'm saying? I got hook on hockey and New York in 1950 when I came, I could speak a word of English. Yeah. And in South America, the only thing they talk about, not through the aim, Marison Square Garden, and St. Peter's and St. Patrick's Cathedral. So, naturally I wanted to see the Marison Square Garden, they got the marquee, I didn't know what they were saying, but I have money in my pocket. I bought a ticket and I went in, what a spectacle, what a beautiful thing. What a beautiful thing, right? My guy got hook into that game from 1950. Now to you, because of my son, I know you are in Italian and I have a little thing you want to put it in the car, it's not, it's nothing nasty, it's nothing else. Hey, we'll put your little thing in a car, it's hard and mail it out. And Italian, everybody, Italian, said it when they say when they before they eat or during the dinner, and he goes, you know, man, you are a street, right? A man, you are a forte, a Cagare forte, not the Moriola morte, which means, which means, it plenty, got to the bathroom, and do plenty, and don't feel afraid to die. All right, a man, you are a forte, a Cagare forte, not the Moriola Ache peak here. Can I say a douche pack to my son? Please. Tullio, I know you listen, because you listen every day, you are a douche pack and you wife agrees with me. Okay, let me go. I'm a little bit hergy. Thank you, I shall give you yesterday. Okay, I'm great. Second by. Ciao to open lines and date 629463, 2 and Broward 767Wild 7679463. By the way, the talk stations in the packs and empirener state of flux is the latest rumor that we're here in. They're in a state of flux, which is right next to Jersey. Here's Fort Laudernale on a mobile. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, George, how's it going? I mean, oh, sorry, you also got that. How's it going? Oh, great, thanks. Yeah. Oh, wow, it's dark. It's like a little bit of a fog. Oh, yeah. How's it going, yeah? What are you asking something though? I really enjoy your show. I've been first time calling on time listener. I just wanted to find out where I can get like those CDs. I couldn't, I went to borders a couple of days ago. Well, last year, I'll tell you hold on. Take care of him. Okay, he's so boring. Okay. We have two open lines and date 62294636222Wild and two and Broward, where's the excitement this morning? Where's the enthusiasm? Where's the vinegar and what goes with it, man? Oh, my god, are we going to have to do stupid boring topics again? Let's talk about dead pedestrians. Every day of my life when you come in here on a day like this, I'm going to read the jicker column. Okay, I'm just going to read that little kill some good time. I'm just going to read that piece even as much as I hate reading long, long elaborate stuff out of the newspaper. It looks like that's what it's going to take. 1056 to Wild. This is the time to get down to Kendall Toyota if you're interested in a new or used car. The reason being that they're lowest, no haggling, no negotiating prices are waiting for you. And they're all clearly marked right there in a windshield of very new and used car in the vast inventory at Kendall Toyota prices like these on beatable prices like brand new 97 two cells with AC for an unbelievable 99 91 brand new Corollos with AC for a phenomenally low 12,0991 to come with air for just 10,691. And finally, the deal of deals, the price of all prices Camry, L.E.s with air conditioning automatic transmission and ABS brakes for an incredibly low 17,991. Kendall Toyota has never been more capable of fulfilling your automotive dreams and speaking of dreams and or nightmares don't forget before you put your head on a pillow before you put your head on it. Watch Miami tonight hosted by Mark Jacobson co-hosted by Don Cox, Catch It late night at one o'clock at a morning if you're a real massagist. Kendall Toyota on US one just on the day land, the largest the biggest the best in the universe even if that information let TV show whatever it is is pretty weak prices include all incentives and rebates end of spot. I've never used to beat me with a hair brush. The stand major show you've got to be nuts to listen to. They say I love his tap-oop that what we're doing is wrong but I don't care what they say because my love is so strong. They tell us we should be ashamed we're not husband and wife but I cherish each moment with you. I'm so glad you're in my life. You're my prison bitch my prison bitch you're not a like of the men I'm glad we share a prison cell when lights go out at 10 I can't accept who I feel now that will be a cry as long as I am doing you I don't mind doing time cause you're my prison bitch my prison bitch and I have no regrets I got you for a candy bar and a pack of cigarettes at first rule of resistance but now you're on my friend I knew that I would get you in the end. Prison bitch I guess that you were sent from above Prison bitch and now you're on my prison girl your husband bitch and your a sex machine only have a request how about some of the best of leisure I'm tired of this prison cell I need to get away the sentence way to seven years now seven times a day I'm your prison bitch you're not a like you're me I really hate these markers that you've done to my back I thought that I could break away but now I'm losing hope I got I'm part of you and I'm lost oh I'm a criminal Prison bitch I've turned up the lights cause I get hot lately Prison bitch Prison bitch When I get out I'm ready to go straight I know my prison bitch my prison bitch I'll never say goodbye I'm not like all the others to bed they had to die On the second thought I'd be downstairs if you want me to Your prison bitch is never leaving Yeah I first you would not sell me but now you're my son I'm so prepared for everything I know I know I know I'm here I know I'm here I know you're about to find out when you call this the polka I'm not 5 in WMD I'm looking at the food section the scum sental is morning and it's all about the past and it's all about I'm looking at this and Italian juice celebrates paysa What's hidden? It says author Edda Servy Mclin author of the two-vodium classic Quizzine of the Italian juice And it goes bop bop bop bop bop bop bop What was this was about the food already what were the eating okay it goes on and on and on and on And about the Italian juice who came to Rome from Jerusalem and Hocked at China can made revioli and called them creploch etc and so on Being able to make their own moths is something I used to do with parents His children we nursed our souls and it's nothing much to do about nothing Leave it to the sun set and okay But anyway, it's got a picture of a lady here It's anthal and then ethyl looks uh she could be anything she don't look all at you And if I don't think ethyl is even Jewish with the name like that probably Greek Ethel of sunrise has a farphold cugle Stuffed with pineapple raisins and bananas oh my god Farphold cugle So what's the deal we can't have potato cugle on I see I don't know anything about other than wine and moths So that's all I know what I'm not looking at that stupid Jew calendar on the wall They're okay. I don't want to know from that but she's got a farphold have you Have you ever seen what farphold is like there used to be a show on years ago on TV before you were born There was a character called Farphold the dog and I have no idea what show it was but it was farphold the dog farphold I think it's like um like a green Like what's that awful oh that causher those little tiny bow ties oh oh oh Just a thought of it makes me want a barfall over my shoes And here's ethyl with a farphold cugle What's wrong with an ice potato cugle you can't have that on pisa what's wrong with that? They don't have no bread in it and don't have no leaven or liven or nothing like that in it We'll find out some jubal call Anyway, we have two open lines in date 62 2 Wild 2 and Broward 767 9463 Bit-dissensor Rogers prompted move rights time jicken to paper this morning Something to look forward to it says near Rogers says that someday he'll tell the whole story of the contract negotiations that culminated in his jump from Wild WQAM In his characteristically colorful manner Rogers promises it'll make your hair stand on end Of course I forgot I was talking to Tom which I think it happened Tom I think I told Tom it'll make your hair grow back in the meantime Rogers fans will have to settle for the condensed version version Which is still pretty juicy A window open for Rogers to consider new options when packs and communications acquisition of cox owned Wild Wild was completed on September 30th 1996 Rogers had signed a five year contract in February 94 which contained an escape clause Who would change hands? Rogers had a year from the date of the sale to terminate his contract provided he gave 60 days notice or more Uh Rogers is an outspoken controversial showman on the year off the year he is a soft spoken and cordial With a strong sense of professional loyalty His initial inclination he says was just a Wild Wild which has been his radio home for over eight years I didn't want to create a bidding war anything like that I was trying to be a nice guy that was my stupidity said fat Fag Neil Indeed Rogers and his attorney Fag Norm Kent approached packs in about an extension to his contract In return for a longer deal they saw the signing bonus and a pay raise a customary practice in show business According to Kent the packs and people were amenable amenable Attempts to reach Jay Holker president of the packs and radio group were unsuccessful a secretary said he's out of town Isn't that unusual he's out of town? Everybody in his company they're always out of town This bureaucrats out of town that one's out of town They're on a plane on a way to a Montana They're on a way to U. May Arizona but's on a plane circling New York Rogers salary was to be kicked up to about 650 grand a year from approximately 500,000 last numbers wrong time And we'll get a $200,000 signing bonus Amating to formalize the contract extension was said Rogers even told his listeners on the area to greet to re-up To re-up it as in However, problems arose when packs and demanded a quid for its quo A quid for its quo interesting that's going on time Palm Beach resident butt packs and ones of the company is a board game Christian And he reportedly was put off by some of the racing material on Rogers show His lieutenant's ass Rogers decided to agree with that he would tone down in effect cease doing such material Any departure from pack since restrictions could result in immediate termination As far as Rogers has concerned packs and wanted to strip the format that's dominated south Florida ratings throughout the 80s and 90s Kent says he informed packs and we will not change anything in the contract that reduces kneels rights Right? Right. During the ensuing given take the new owner made a counter offer of three strikes in your out according to Rogers He wouldn't be subject to firing unless he violated company policy which goes beyond FCC guidelines three times within 12 months There are days jica says when Rogers violates those rigid rules being suggested three times in 12 minutes How about 12 seconds time? God dang We told him the stick it can't says Finally Rogers said a deadline for packs to agree to a new deal with your language 15 minutes before the deadline according to Rogers Packs and officials called and said they would go along Rogers said he thought the deal was done That was on a Friday by the following Monday Rogers says a new complication arose Packs and wanted Rogers to sign an agreement to abide by company policy manual the one with those Christian values that that thing It is not as restrictive as the conditions suggested previously, but still what a cramped Roger style And I'm not becoming a Christian, okay? The breach of faith as the talk host consider it was the final straw every time we thought we had a deal They came up with some new crap Roger says underline the crap Kent was authorized to open negotiations with WQAM Well WQAM for my dissolve sports Rogers makes a neat fit because he's never in sports fan And his program already features a heavy dose of sports talk more over Rogers audiences dominated by young males WQAM's target audience Wiod jerked us around for five months Kent says I had a gremo with WQAM for twice the money within 24 hours Within 72 hours everything was approved the deal was sealed at the end of the week Rogers will keep his current hours of 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. and the show will not change it anyway he says God dang that might change The only remaining issues are when Rogers believed Wiod DN started on WQAM contractually he is bounded Wiod D till September 30th he says he will honor this commitment all over He hopes Wiod will release some early or time is it George His contract also contains a 90 day no compete clause which could keep him off WQAM Till January 1 I'm hoping we can work something out that that doesn't happen Roger says But if it does if it does he says he's been promised by QN that he'll be paid while sitting on a sidelines WQAM extended the same consideration when Jeff a de 4th moved over from Wiod at the end of last year Rogers jokes that he wouldn't mind having a few months off with pay to travel especially at his new salary level As Tauy feels to finally be in the million dollar a year category Rogers quips Great I think I've earned it after all I've been put through after all the crap I've been put through We left the crap out of their time nice going Tom actually contain most of what I said Unlike Eleanor Brecher and Barry Jackson who just sit there kind of make it up as they go along and try to stir up problems Try to stir up problems try to create some hostility there try to get other people to say crap about me and me to say crap about them They say no crap about me. I'll say plenty of crap about them, but that's nothing new they kind of enjoy it Don't they here's a lady mobile in Bokeh hello Yes, man you don't know a thing about Farple don't even borrow the coming back Okay, I'm listening Yes, Farple is little pieces of much right. It's not a grain well, but it's like it's like crumpley. It's like oh it's horrible It's pretty good if you come to my house. Oh, I'll pass over. I'll pass over Now let me tell you can have the Tata Coco on Passover Okay, this is a way to do it. Nobody makes a potato Coco like my mother I'll tell you that right now nobody in the universe except my grandmother rest in pieces nobody makes a like my mom mother What did she do in the pan? I don't know if she does it in the pan. I think you know she's still as it were we do it, you know Wow, I'm getting a little older, but I don't think she does it in a pan Yeah, that's how you see it in there. Yeah, she does it in the pan But like you know why but out there doing the pan, but in the bag, but anyway Do you want to know why you have to do Farple Coco? Yes because it's just a way to use the crappy mozzarella We can see it's a little bit jailed. Yeah, but when you're paying 85 bucks for a five pound box You don't want to use it for Farple right, but no, the glam of Jack the price up like that you want to use it put some butter and salt on it and enjoy it You don't understand when you go to the public's now there's a box that's just far full What it is is teeny weeny weeny little pieces of mozzarella already broken up Son of a little to told and stale probably No, you make stuffing out of it. It's good come to my house. I'm telling you Okay, goodbye. Have a great pace off. Thank you. Bye bye Two open lines one and day one and a brauer date county 62 29463 What a great verse here with lunch. Oh, thank God. Hallelujah And we have an open line at brauer at 767 9463 767 W iod What a great word doing mid days 10 to 2 That's right. What do you be on here? You know let's show they have an iNZ on a weekend I think that guy Bob will used to be the sales guy over there No, the show where he does the restaurant reviews An iNZ on a weekend got his that a horrible show Bob's a good guy I wish though I could think of his last name real good guy and he does that show What is it? No, I don't think that's his name Do you know him? Is that his name? I don't think so that doesn't ring any bell with me. Well, he's kind of like a heavy a little heavy set He's a good guy. It anyway. What he's a good guy the show blows But that's what what he's going to be doing. He's going to be doing a restaurant Are you sure on eating a free meals here every day intended to just like we do Okay, what is here with lunch? Thank God. Thank the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Oh, you're sure. Thank you, Ski. 1115 a w iodin 16 w iodin They boy, let me see your license there. What's the problem officer? Go a little fast. What's your say? What's in the bag seat? Nothing crack rock Sitting in his back seat. I said crack rock You can sell on the street. You can smoke it And you'll catch a good buzz just don't get pulled over by the bus kick up Singing with a big band. He's a kick up His next kick in his hand. He got busted With three pounds of dope. So bad over and pick up the soap I like it. The party's over now with j-a-l You got busted energy A-a-l Rectom You were once a big star Then you made the big switch And until you're just both but bits of party's over now with j-a-l You got busted energy 1115 w iodin What a grubber. A grubber is here with a great lunch and man it is Dynamite. It's from Stella Blue 1661. We're ready to have it. We're just a Lincoln road Miami Beach Stella Blue has got great food. They also have live entertainment And they got a parkour to prepare a tree and a great menu and a sunset menu And I'll go look at this. Oh look at that They got some fancy fancy stuff there to on his menu Like baby roll, main rich yonno, parmesan and a teponod Crutons whatever it her lettuce. What an eggless Caesar salad Sounds damn good to me. Mixed baby green served with Sonoma jack cheese and raspberry vinaigrette And then they got a penny pasta with sauteed garlic and fresh Buffalo mozzarella and Roma tomatoes and a torn basil And the extra all virgin olive and Eva It's at a rancho and a whole bunch of good stuff So thank you Stella Blue and thank you Woody grubber Graver. Got a nice big piece of meat. Nothing else here just a Little steak sauce, little A1 and that's it Doing this atkins so seriously. Now man I've had a final chance. I thought I had my last chance at life Thanks to the heck. It's not a guy one more chance now. This is it. This is it last chance We've only heard this from this guy 4,000 times That's okay as long as you're still breathing you can still do it And today I have the feeling I finally I was talking to Kim by the way Who might happen to like very much. She's one of the nice people in our building And Kim this morning was telling me that she does a B1 shot every week Are you listening to me? Oh, that's right. He's eating food and I'm sorry Payin know attention whatsoever. So the B1 or B12 I'm sorry B12 may be the way to go. I think that helped me a lot. I could be wrong about that And especially since half of it was dribbling down my arm in my doctor's office While the girls and they were trying to figure out where you stick it and the needle too But at any rate Kim says B12 was the way to go. Is that what you said? Once a week in fact, I think buddy Buds got to come in personal give me a shot pretty soon That's right. That's the rumor. Here's Boko. Hello. Yes sir. Congratulations to you and George on a move up Thank you so much We're moving on up just like the Jefferson's band Yeah, moving on up. I believe in the team this morning and it's fascinating Listening to possible repressments and I think I'm standing in Burger Bowl working I think no, neither one of them is working Oh Oh Neither one of them You know they're both available immediately He's got that show on New Yorker. He's got all the Tommy X phones The think he's got. I don't think he's ever going to leave that place Who's that? Oh, that's right. That's amazing. That is a miracle. He's working You know I'm glad everybody's pulled up there. New York. I don't think he's going to leave I am that him right. Right. Pete Bulger said he wants Joey desperately Oh, the interesting would be Jerry said he said they'll write him a blind check And moving down the floor there and taking on us and kind of a commendrous There you go. I had a call. I got Joey's number in my pocket right now. Jerry called yesterday Because he heard I say some nice things about him I remember when he was a Chicago taking on old band there. He was fine Right, I'm going to call you on this afternoon and suggest he come on down if he can make it I want to talk about the jitter column. It's very interesting because he talks about Enthalorance and integrity and loyalty on the ground And I don't know if there's any intolerances Chris can add it to it. I don't understand perhaps a little off But I don't think that's in his is really worried about it because after it's a clean court decision He's going to make so much money from his TV network That's right. I don't know if WD is anything more. This is like a play toy. This is like a play toy. See I would my idea of what I want to do With the rest of my life in this business is working for people who take the business seriously In other words, not people who got 80 million different projects go under selling TV stations for 40 million One day and I do an information the next day And they got 80 million different things going on I'd like to work for people who take it very seriously And to whom it is something important as opposed to just a play toy that they can't be bothered with And who are always out of town because they're busy Diddling with their play toys and basically that's the way the packs and empire works And they got all these billions of dollars from that home Schlock network And they just keep buying up stuff and selling stuff like a playing card And in the meantime, there's all these human lives in the middle of it And it's like, we don't mean anything That's the worst thing that ever happened with his business He's letting people go up all these radio stations Not only from the standpoint of the public, it's food over But the people in the industry who've devoted their entire lives to this thing They're getting screwed And I think I don't see it as a problem as soon as I have to try Yeah, and finally I just want to see it only be an afterthought with him As far as wealthy goes Okay, when you know when We're concerned in meal and so on my radio stuff And WI would eat from 6 to 6 And now that you're going to be on a queue of him I'm going to move with you because the real question The real issue of royalty, I don't think that's an understanding Just wait till he sees those numbers after you move over Okay, there's no question about it, good luck to you Thanks a lot pal Okay, we have an open line in the out of town line We have a lot of people who are going to be on a trip to 8474 We have one in date, 6294 631 and Broward 767 We had them all filled up there for a second But they're very busy today that got something mighty important Going on, they're all busy getting drunk and ready for the big game against Pittsburgh And I will have my client voice of the penguins on a one And Mike is over in Tampa, of course, for the penguins Pittsburgh game tonight Which is a big game for them, which they desperately do win And you do realize that if Pittsburgh is a, we got 87 They got 84 So Pittsburgh's got to win, they got to beat us and they got win one of these other two games To get home ice But even if they do win the other two games, if we win tomorrow We're in the driver seat, Panthers in the driver seat If we beat them tomorrow, no matter what else they do in these Tampa and Boston games Or in, we got the home ice advance So let's just take care of our own business and not worry about what they do Okay, okay, sounds good to me Robby, Robby, alright, I know we could do it After he scored that goal, I look up at Rimmer And he's beaming, he's like hyper ventilating, he's like dripping all over himself And he looks at me and he says, because he's always mumbling to me The crowd is screaming, he looks at me and he whispers, he mouths My boy, my boy, Edwin, Rimmer, ice gun Give you all a credit for booting him up Here's a lady in Davy, hello Neil, yes ma'am Congratulations Rimmer, Boots to Robby, up now he's going to try it himself Yes ma'am, thank you You were worth all the million and I will be going wherever you go Great Okay, and that Italian dude celebrate Passover thing There was one recipe No, what? It says By the time you get to it, you're calling me, it's called Mazzania Yeah What is that? Oh, no, not Lazzania with Mata Oh, no Why hasn't Italian, he would have a fit That's even printed I have a shameless request He got a new job in Del Rey, he's on his way there He hates it, he calls it dead Rey Of course You know why? But you've never great day Neil Can you play please, please, did he have a better job Rey? It's playing right now Stay away, took their card or the wall Great talk ups with him He drives my view again, she's three feet tall I wouldn't write what's done, no way I said I'd be the alien today Oh, someone just sitting on a pension Del Rey I like dating for there's only best to take me away Or even just sitting on a pension Del Rey With my friend Haine Oh, no, no, no But my life is kind to tell my change Because the first days don't always stay the same All that good and do would get a test me to do The private herelates, she must be insane Just sitting here resting my bones Oh, I wonder why my wife won't leave me alone We've talked it over and I never win I just wind up stepping through the morning again Oh, I see, I'm a pension Del Rey Waiting for the lovely bus to take me away Oh, I'm just sitting on a pension Del Rey With my friend Haine There he is To a damn time, I can't wait to open him And his face is a hell of you You're not there, you're not there And where's all these going? Go to the car to smash my car Love it, 208 at W-I-O-D 610 W-I-O-D About his function was alpony Back at you We've hit me Nothing but who has a mighty name Who hands under blue sheets And they got my eyes on their feet I never saw the house smelling so nice Now I'll have the lower my asking price Nothing but containers lying on beds All of them weird, all of them dead Yes, yes, we have been waiting for my life Going to Syria We see a sweet night Just do it Oh, geez Thanks for the good news, Ermaix Leave it to Max to come in here in Syria He brought in a cigar with a big cross on it It's the Paxton home brand Tomorrow is Max's last day by the way We ought to have a big lunch in here for me Let's have a big party That's an excuse to have a bunch of adkins Food in here to our right Where did you get that cigar, Max? They stole it, he didn't ask me We let him go, okay, let that day go go He's just to leave Malone Congratulations to me, he's getting a hell out of here Which means automatically he's moving on We're nothing more than the world Tomorrow is his last day, we're having a go in a way Party for Max tomorrow Make all the arrangements, okay? Oh, we got the arrangement We got the arrangement, we got the arrangement We got the arrangement, we got the arrangement So anyway, we'll have a big blast here tomorrow Everything is looking up roses, baby So Adam just came in and agreed with me As we were analyzing last night's great panther victory That it was the most embarrassing moment In the four year history of our team of this franchise When the fans started yelling, hey, ref, you suck When Scott need a Margotta double minor When we got the power play And the fans, the 4,000 and over there on the other side And just because they have a new talk about sheep If there's anybody in this audience who doesn't understand human nature And why people are so easily led down to Garden Path It's like one guy yells fire, there's no smoke Nobody spells nothing, one guy yells fire And all of a sudden everybody starts running There's screaming in your oven Same thing last night If you want to be led by the nose the rest of your life Just like all you stupid religionists Just continue being led by the nose Don't use your brain And the same thing with this game It's not that complicated, it's a great sport It's the best in the world by a far, it's not that difficult But when you're screaming in the obscenities at the referee Who just gave us a power play, it's embarrassing The singular most embarrassing moment in the four years of the franchise Now I take it back You know, it was the most embarrassing franchise You remember the game last year when they started throwing rats on the ice Before while a game was going on, a game wasn't over yet And it was late in the third period And some asshole started throwing rats While a game was going on And guys were practically tripping and breaking their legs I mean you know, but hey, when you've had the first 40 or 50 beers What their lenses are make Come on, have another one There you go Two open lines in Broward 7679463 767W iod Here's Matt from family bank How can I leave him my hangin' or so long? How are you doing Matt? Hey Neil, how are you doing? Great I just thought I'd call you up for some obligatory butt kissing for a second And also to dispel a rumor I caught wind of Just today Did you say you want to give me your kisses, Daddy? I'll be right over Matt Hey, all my customers love it when you come in They all know it's you because when you pull away from the dress You and that hot new Corvette Exactly Hey, was that new Rogers? I see, yes it was But it is a pleasure serving you and I just heard that someone called and said We got bought out by Barnett But we had a correction on that, a lot of contact If somebody called and started it, but some old bag Who heard it about 10th hand and she said All your bag is being bought out by Barnett Bag so And then somebody called yesterday and just straighted that up But you can go ahead and straighten it out I think they just wanted to get you all excited And hear you rant and rave because it's not true No, they wanted you to call and what's they knew would give me all the excited Did they tell you what is happening now? No, yeah, because what we are doing Is we're planning a we're thinking about merging with Another small bank Long opposite of It's good though It's going to be a good thing for everybody there It's called Republic Security Bank It was in the paper and everything Right It's a merger, they're just like us We're not even having any branches here in Broward County So it's just going to be a good thing for everybody And promise I will still be here and if I'm not I'll call you until you where I'm going You're not going to be there? No, but I said I promise I will always be there You better be there Mr. I'm going to tell you right now The day you leave is the day that I take my 40 million dollars And head right down the road We won't be able to meet payroll then if you leave That's right You got it Hey man, it is a pleasure helping you and if you ever need anything Just call me I'm taking it out and trade Okay, thanks Matt Take care of yourself There's a great guy Matt from Family Bank of it Everybody's saw grass you'll love to meet him Believe me, I sure did We have two open lines in Prower at 7679463 This is a great that you can eat this meal for like five hours This steak have you ever seen a piece of meat this big speaking of Matt my god This is a good it is not good It's great It is some prime steak I'll tell you that From a stellar blue 1661 What is it? Black angus marinade Black heinous Oh, you getting personal again With Mary Are you getting personal? Black angus beef It's the best going anywhere man A great steak from Stella Blue 1661 meridian I haven't just heard the Lincoln Road by me beach And what he grave her says it's a great place It says it's a count So actually he says that That's why Woody is blown up like a bullfrog He's taken out all of it Let's speak it and take it out and trade He's eating up all the profits Everyone of the restaurants See, Woody was having a tough time a couple years ago And I told him I said just go get a bunch of restaurants And then you eat all your meals for free And look at him now he's a giant in the industry Here's the only thing he also says that the packs and people are assholes Okay, let's go to a mobile and Fort Lauderdale Hello Hi, I have a comment on a question for you Yes sir I'm enjoying the show He didn't say that He didn't say that He moved to Florida And do you see any major rule changes in the NHL coming up? I the only rule change I see coming up I praised that they get rid of this in the crease thing Okay That's the only thing that we need I mean I'm just an old fashioned guy I don't like to see keep screwing in I also would like to go back to the off-sides rule The way it was last year not the way it is now I've read it I've read it a couple's Sporting at a Toriels where they want to increase the scoring By some real changes Crazy, crazy, crazy, don't do it I don't mess with a game Okay, thanks a lot Okay, see you, I'm just in the middle of just in the middle of cutting my meat here With one hand I may have to use that other red damn like But I don't think so Hmm I feel like we're steak With no hands, I like that Well that's disgusting He's sure not going to be eaten on a year like that the other place is he? Am I good hanking there early? I'll tell you that We have a spite of all this talk You know I am so sick and tired of all the rumor Mongers and all the yantas about papaya This one's upset and I just relax Okay, just go find a life Take up a hobby Part cheesy It'll be great for a shuffle board You'll be able to live to be 200 just play shuffle board Just shuffle it Open line at day at 622WIOD Two open lines in Broward 767-463 Here's O'Cala Hello Hey, I'm Cleo Yes sir How you doing buddy? Great Congratulations on your move up Thank you Good luck to you I listen, I'm a truck driver I want to get listed to you a couple times a week when I'm down there in town Yes sir You're never going to syndicate it Never know I'm talking about it I got a question, yes I was listening to your trapper report the other day That was your first mistake He said there was an overturning truck down there with sod Yeah I didn't see any trucker any sod Another accident down southbound to Paul Meadowan Yeah, but you gotta understand, listen, let me say this to you If it's a slow day and there's nothing going on These people have to justify their existence In other words, if they just come out and they say There's no accidents anywhere Who the hell's gonna buy a spot on that deal If they come out and they make up all this good stuff And then somebody buys a spot and pays for it Then they feel like they're doing something I live in O'Cowl, I'm on a road like 330 days a year I just wonder how much that job pay Because I like to stay home and call you from up here and tell you what to add And just make up a bunch of crap right? By the way, you haven't had any pedestrians lately have you? No? Well get busy Not just for the helmet Oh, come on, that's a careless driver, didn't he? That's right That's right We had, we had K on here last night talking about Bragging about the fact that she hits pedestrians Oh really? Yeah How many points are you collecting there? And then she was talking about how bad the pedestrians are Like it's their fault I don't think it ever dawned on her that she may be Can't drive with a crap but that's beside the point You gotta make it Well listen pal have a great day And watch out for those guys who are giggling Never trust truckers I just call somebody a douchebag I know he's listening down there in Miami Go ahead All right, check. I know you listen. You rock-hallen fuel pump on double sided douchebag And don't trust those truckers who giggle Man especially at the truck stops Have a great day pal And let's deal Yeah And closing Slow and closing sir Being she got a raise Loomy 50 dollars All right It's in the mirror See a pal Yeah Howard Kleinberg last night Who by the way is almost as big a fan of any Jovenowski as I am Oh man Howard he was just hyperventilated Every time he got another major penalty In fact he was saying how about a game as condo Just get them we have no problems nothing to worry about The rest of the game Attaboy Howard And I'm not loaning you no money you're doing okay For an old Jew We have two open lines in Broward 7679463 767W I O D We got an open line in As a matter of fact why don't we get stand this job huh? Could I always use that two grand Right George 1142 a W I O D If you haven't heard birth Daniels lately Here's what you missed Right now in front of my face I got the ultimate man of hedonism two calendar And the other ones is stud muffins of science By the way, you haven't lived Until you've seen a calendar Made up of twelve men who when their real eyes are scientists Of one sort or another like you You guys ignore my nerds They just take their top soft and I'm supposed to get sight on these guys When they know they'd rather be playing around with the P3 dish than me anyway Rook Daniels weeknight On 610 W I O D 610 W I O D Wow it's gone When some of me I'll try to put a key down And says he has a lot of communication I tell him right away Now lives in here To think he can hear a passion This summer wide in the nation All of this give a dollar for so many rules You're a lot of science By the way, you're a tell you You are a lot of science By the way, you're a lot of science By the way, you're a lot of science By the way, you're a lot of science By the way, you're a lot of science By the way, you're a jump I knew Cox Hea Floyd hurted and go It's oraz ball I wear it everywhere I go round and other A fast Beat all no one to say To beat Speaker. You're a FARStar By biz Terry Shah Sorry B Euro Yes, buenas T On the fence Please, Oh, look, I'm everywhere Try a slice and flavor your shop Oh Oh We're gonna be in for a real surprise. 11 48 at W I O D we have an open line and date we got two and Broward 767 9463 we got one on the out of town line one triple eight 474 W I O D where it's a Goyshevvelt here's a mobile and West Palm Beach Hello I mean how you doing great hey anyone call yesterday about the article the Palm Beach post about your move somebody facts to demand it was pretty week yeah I thought so pretty we try to get you a couple of times it is to like you know about it I thought it was first of all amazing that it was on the sports page oh was it yeah was some page two of the sports page which you know shows you where they're had that right up the rest yeah and then also you know the comment about Hank Goldberg being referred to as the homer and you are openly critical of Chris Moore oh isn't that a shame I guess what will continue to be so I'm at the game last night and it was speaking he wasn't as happy as usual with me but he was speaking and you know life goes on they just don't get it they just don't get it well best of luck to you buddy thanks a lot pal thank you two open lines and date six two two nine four six three I like I'm not gonna go over there and start saying hey that Chris Moore he's the best talking announcer in America give me a break okay you can't make a chop liver out of a farphal two open lines and date six two two W I O D a parent-brower in seven six seven nine four six three so the word is out of the cats out of the bag by the way about Rick and Sons doing topics now I didn't I warn you about this about that freaking water stable I told you that bastard he would screw up this place that's another reason I'm tickled at them getting out of here man another formula talk show guy yeah we got to do topics yeah to stick that topic up here okay you've phony piece of crap it's just unbelievable they're gonna bring in you know why people bring in consultants because they don't know what they're doing that's the only reason they bring in consultants is they don't know what they're doing and these people bought this radio station they had no more idea what the station was all about than the price of race in P.Orea they hadn't got a clue what it was all about and even in the interim months they were too busy with all their other properties with other other investing and speculating and bapa and whatever else they're doing and didn't do justice to what was going on here to say the best okay they didn't have the foggy of stidea so let's go out there in hurricane salton pay him big bucks sted a payin way in the few dollars that he's ordered short on his salary on his pathetic paycheck oh we can't afford it that's life life is tough that's what that brought over that bitch is telling me every payday sted that we can't afford a few bucks but let's give hundreds of thousands to this water stable so we can put his girlfriend on here here at night and he can come down here in screw up Rick and suds and screw up the whole damn radio station I knew I knew what was coming and they kept saying oh no this isn't gonna happen you're wrong yet right topics topics topics that's it you're not full of me water you geek you phony you slick tongue piece of turd we have an open line of day it's six to two we have two in Broward 767 we're talking about drunken drivers we're talking about pedestrians getting hit by people I can't drive their finger up their nose far were you carrying out stop hitting pedestrians okay I think that would solve the problem quit the exactly because the next you do but be the last of you don't watch it quit hitting pedestrians out there you crazy bitch she's very nice though she's and I but she's a crazy bitch in a car wonder what's going on in that car do you know what I'm saying I mean or ordinary when you drive in a car the light changes if there's somebody across the street I'd like to see your drive in Rome talk about hitting pedestrians I'd like to see your driving LA you don't know that they got that militant thing in the black neighborhoods which is in between all the check neighborhoods and when they step off the curb in Los Angeles I guess all of the state of California they pedestrian have the right away regardless of where and even if they're Jay walking and so lucky if a white person is driving like in a black part of town in LA and they just step off the curb in the middle road just to piss you off and make you slam on a brakes it's like a statement so I'd like to see your driving out there and see some pedestrian come across the street and think that she's got the right away because the lights green get with it sweetheart quit killing people okay that's what Rick Sanchez said here's a mobile in Miami hello congratulations are you moved Neil thank you so much sir here's a year a hundred percent right about consultant here's something for the consultant to take in yeah listen to your radio show now because of your six ten dial because I just the I only listen because I listen to what Neil has to say right listen people listen to a show because they like to show they like the personalities they like of the item there aroused their entertain their amused that whatever is because there's something going on not because somebody is coming on it well what do you think about you know in the fill in the blank in addition to which when somebody brings up only one topic and they try to be into the ground guess what if somebody's not interested in that topic they're gone it's like an invitation to tune out it's like I said here a hawking about hockey all day oh sorry that's right and I would have meant your business you have to be as flexible as possible capture a large audience not me I am flexible and adamantine I'm movable as a rock I don't care where you go Neil I'm going to listen to you listen one other thing I was in your favorite places we can't have a oh yeah oh yeah oh oh man that's the first on a day let me tell you some you're a hundred percent right on the money uh-huh when these people are it's nowhere that's it that's the most Yahoo place I have ever been in my life I've never seen so many Yahoo's for square inches there are on the earth Tampa on a day on the air and also off the air in the air above the sky above ninety-seven point nine above the love sponge yeah never heard of no never heard of you know they can say a bull shot on the air up there okay may yes or six to write on my what it's what's amazing thing what was an upgrade can't wait what time is he on he's in the morning yeah I understand the rumor hasn't he may be coming over here oh really yeah well timey cremary don't want to let that out but I just I just started that rumor also pissed off Tommy cremary because he's a butt plug because he's got all that hair up somebody's rectum what an ice-pissier you are Tommy if you look if you looked in Allen Mason's you'd find Tommy a cremary's headprint hey listen I admire character in integrity man you keep doing what you're doing well all listen to anywhere you go thanks a lot pal have a good day see you we have an open line in date six two two nine four and you know something since since it became official you know right up till the last minute Tommy cremary was in here I realized they're in their other studio there but I see him in a hallway and more he avoids me like I got bull bonnet play which I do by the way Tommy so stay away but before then he was in here every morning sucking around I mean the suction was so great I was holding on to this chair with both hands I had my feet cut under the bottom of the chair just to keep from getting sucked away and now all of a sudden since it's official ain't gonna be here anymore and it gets sucked into all a bull crap and well Allen Mason is great and buddy buddy yeah right great have a great life with a bouquet Tommy you all burn out now all of a sudden he don't like he don't even look at me like oh like the unclean the antichrist I think Tommy cremary's the freaking antichrist I told you that months ago and you know something that more I'm here the more I'm positive it's true I'm positive it's true either Tommy cremary or Bud Pax in their book