6.10 WIOD Neil Rogers While you're goofing off it work Meaning what? 6.10 WIOD Larry Justo We are from Avis Gate To join a seawasthware black To help your nuts And drink water to the sample sauce And some pho barpito I like the little pit up here So I know I'm a real hero Coward C So I have your f**k packed And the dad And the dad Well, it's all about his closest to earth Thank you Hey Laying down in my car Where in light geeks This is not the existence I wanted Someone's gonna find us Back back to pocket change Our containers decomposed I shall give you some pho barpito So don't get me some pho barpito We fight good and some applesauce Justoly it's a map Oh, sus, the way is hell box When we join our nuts got chopped and we waited for hell box We for a whole bar Just a lick of See another slice Now we meet up with our space plate Right on our space plate Just raining too good to a face Hello out there We're on the air It's hockey night tonight We got what? Six thirty three of them To tie this up Get this series back We have a chance to win A soft premise to flip Oh I had a stick on his way And tie up his band We're doing trying to go and the stunt Which is it? Watch it for a second This fan What he got back is suited in Oh I got that For G-Soul Lucky one way Best time to get in there His name on shot They're looking Stop Hey, time it Look for gold Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh, wait left In regulation time Oh Oh He's trying to fight their way back Into the series Down to the industry Up there Music for the fight We're getting together Yes He's in the fight Watch it for a second He's getting one more It's on the star Stars All the team Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Where's the general I need to get in there Right Hey, how about that signal? How about it? How about that game? How about those oilers man? If you were to told me before the NHL playoff started That Edmonton would be playing the most exciting games of all That you must not miss Of course if you didn't have a big dish last night I guess you didn't see it Too bad you lose For this thing sounds You hear that? Yeah Somebody has a mess with this thing And they've connected around All our equipment by the way is falling apart And here I just mentioned that in passing Okay, you can't record on our many disc players Which is why you just heard that thing from the cassette Which isn't a bit on the air But hey, we got to play it off the cassette Like in the old days like 100 years ago Because the mini disc don't work in here It don't work in production And the microphones are all screwed up And like that But hey, we don't care because we're having a good time How about those oilers? Sure is help beat watching a heat game last night Sure hope not if you wasted your time watching that That must have been really depressing Who is that? Oh, here she is, hello Hello there Yes, man And you probably didn't even watch that for you You're wrong about that I saw about 40 minutes out of the two hours That's not bad Not too bad Especially when you consider the commercial breaks On the last about seven minutes each So One that carable? How much could I have missed? I can't flip it over there In the 10 o'clock hour Just to watch a couple of minutes During breaks in a hockey game Right And every time I went over there They were still in the same break So finally between second and third period I saw 20 minutes worth And then I saw the last 15, huh? Did you see paths big two shots? Is big one? Two shots Two shots Squared squirt I didn't see either one of them You did it No, didn't see that You look okay You know something I hate to break the news Well, maybe this is just my opinion You saw the whole thing But how can you bring back a show for two two episodes? I know what's the point And they like kicked it up Right where it looks like Yeah, and that show could be on every week Now in a people basically, except for Michelle Lee Who looks really bad But other than that, everybody looks the same They do, doesn't down the Millswood Great that camera True, that L'Anolia man She looks fantastic She looks ten years younger and she did before She does, they showed those flashback pictures And the very beginning And she looks just as good now as she ever did In fact, maybe Kevin Doves in there at the end Maybe the real reason he packed up his goodies And they bailed out Is he just saw her And he'd like in the light for a couple of minutes Oh my god Is she turning into an old bag that Michelle Lee That's right Oh my god, get me out of this Called a sack I was thinking to myself, you know, what else The CBS have on it Might as well bring it back Yeah, bring it back My god, that's a show Was one of the best shows as you know That was ever run And they could pick it up right like you said And have it on every week And it wouldn't miss a beat That's right Those wrong with that show There's not a damn thing wrong with it It's great It is It isn't there, plots still going So, and I'll tell you who else looks really Really bad What's the a kids name from Beverly Hills No, he had told him he looks really bad He looked good for about two and a half minutes I remember I was shocked That they caught him in the right light No, I don't mean last night I mean like in his life He looked pretty bad most of them In his life he looked good for about For about 30 seconds If you saw him just at the right time On the right day he looked really cute You know, but other than that He's got a wicked case of the falling He's got the David Johnson syndrome His whole pushes falling apart He's based on look to good either I wasn't impressed that they had so many people back They had a lot of people They did, so so pad how to pat look Pat look okay Look the same Yeah, he looked the same he's really good You think about he isn't been on that show in a long time Same pretty boy I'm surprised he came back because they screwed him over Yeah, they did And what's the story with I don't know who she is anymore The young girl, let's got the little kid Oh, that's Gary's kid The little kid is Gary's kid Yeah, because I guess at the very end he was having I remember he kind of had a kid The little kid her kid is Gary's kid Yeah, yeah He's old enough to be your great grandfather Yeah, he is More power to you, Gary I thought he was only monkey and around with the horses on the ranch Yeah, well, he was there with those horses Of course if you were married to Valvoline you'd be monkey and around with the horses on a ranch to I guess True, and she was She's a real, huh? She looked okay Yeah, she looked okay She looked the same joint You know, yesterday her although of all things had Kevin Dops and Michelle Lee Michelle Phillips And what's the one I plays Valvoline? Joan Van Arck, Joan Van Arck, very good And Donna Mills, he had them all on They are really hype and this thing like crazy Wow So maybe they are going to bring it back I hope they do When that be great, then you and I'd have something to talk about That's right every week once again Yeah, when that be sweet Because I've had these feelings You know that I'm abandoned by just about all Oh, not by me Yeah, you can try to make me feel good Not fooling me We are having lunch from Wayne Arnald today by the way I'm really, I don't know that yet, but I just decided Yeah, because I've been commissioned to take a very big listener survey today Oh really I have a very heavy cross to bear today I think it's got Paxon's name on the top of it But I've been commissioned to take a listener survey And a lot of the new stuff we got on here and find out Just if they're on the right track or not Oh, don't ask me Yeah, oh really Do you want to be the first one? No Okay I know you're too sweet You're too nice That's what they always said You're too nice So I guess Friday night see I got another dilemma now Oh, for sure Because first of all I got a tanning class And of course I can always tape it But I can't I can't tape off my big dish And have the hockey game on too It's one or the other You know about that I want me to tape it Oh, that would be nice Okay That would be great And you could leave it in my front door I sure could Without knocking on the door But you know me I take an episode for a hour But that would be very sweet Because I got this Edmonton collar ryanocere Turn into something Sure, well I'll do that and I'll drop it off over the weekend So we can talk Monday Great Okay Have a great weekend Bye bye There's the not sliding lady back Because we had not sliding back on CBS last night One of the great shows in the history of TV If I do say so myself Wither without Pat Peterson How do you like that So I saw a little bit of that last night But the Edmonton collar ryanocere How about that? The oilers when everybody counted them out And it's pretty unlikely they're going to make a comeback in a series But pretty nice for them to win a game And they're going to be the first to the flat The Os Saber is oh man That's the game that ESPN the Dush You got the Dush all right You got the vinegar without whatever goes with it On that awful man Oh man talk about coma and dozing I watched the first period of that Because that was before the other game started And then periodically during the breaks In action I would turn over and see if Buffalo was making any Any kind of a ripple any kind of a rumble Anything whatsoever I mean nothing And then you read the article in the paper this morning No had a big game for the flyers made Seventeen save or 15 saves 15 saves Woo 16 shots they had in the whole game That's like the old Roger Nielsen Panthers in the years gone by Pretty weak Pretty weak if you ask me those sabers Why is it that the sabers even in years when they play We'll do a regular regular season like this here And the playoffs they are in incredible choke team An incredible choke team They just barely squeaked by Ottawa And the first round and now looks like Down and out And the worst rate Oh boy what are we going to do about them But Edmonton like I said a real shocker man He played a hell of a game They've been playing great in the series They're young they're hung they're unsung heroes They don't have a lot of big names Jason Arnett Curtis Joseph in the net But other net it's a lot of journeymen out there A lot of young promising stars for the future Including Doug wait I'm sorry I shouldn't have said that We'll get Brian Murray upset Don't get back on that Jack again So anyway we got another video to give away Did you want to give away? You don't want this to be your little girl Wouldn't watch this crap Would she? Is that what I think it is? Space Jam No thank you Oh okay Space Jam with Michael Jordan and Bugs Bunny What a quenella that is man Kenneth Moss Macho and who has more money Bugs Bunny or Michael Jordan Pretty close I would think Bugs is loaded I wasn't talking about Johnny Not that kind of loaded So anyway we got that for somebody It's got a punky little kid out there That would like this And it's still in the place to crap And still got that very valuable I'm sure Michael Jackson Space Jam Coin inside Which I guess I could have sneaked out of there Because I know it's going to be real valuable Not some day It's going to be worth a ton of cash 622 WIOND and day Let's hear about those Those heavens gate people Come on I want to do that little clipping I had my homework done for there Should we just jump right into the survey Been commissioned to do a mighty important survey Here today in fact the future of this radio station What's left of it may hinge On this the survey today May it just might 622 WIOND and day Nobody wants space jam 7679463 And powered 1 triple 8474 WIOND and the other town lines Nobody's got the big dish Nobody went to Rosie Paymon Last night So nobody saw the Edmonton Colorado game Which was way a hell of a game How do you like that Patrick frog by the way There was a play and ad game Patrick Wah the first Edmonton goal Which I'm not complaining because I'm rooting for Edmonton But the first Edmonton goal was exactly like the A melon be incident with the the range is in the Panthers Where Orion Smith knocked the defender The Colorado defender right into Patrick Wah Shove to mount a position and on the play Edmonton scored a goal Which should not have been allowed by the way And even though the hockey news says Well that the melon be thing was one of the worst calls In the history of hockey I still don't agree and even if I did we still do that game But I don't make you feel better if you want to cry about it But that first Edmonton goal Last night it was exactly the same kind of a play Where he shoves the defense of a right into a Patrick Wah And I said alright let's do it again Shouldn't have been allowed but that's okay Because there's so inconsistent anyway Let's go upstairs again Now let's review everything Let's make the game last five hours Fox people like that 1015 at WIOD we got a big survey coming up today man It's gonna make here grow on places You can't even believe it's gonna make mountains of here Exactly Exactly He won't even wait today he's so worked up Like I was gonna say Breakfast Oh can't do it 1015 at WIOD If you're tired and by the way we got some great news George and I yesterday I can't tell you what it is And I'm sure not telling these people what it is But we got some really good news yesterday Wow I'm on a if I sound like really enthused Got some great news Are you tired of starting estering and looking and picking at those annoying Dings and Dents on your car You think there's nothing you can do about them without spending a ton of money Or doing permanent damage to your paint job The answer is the one and only dent wizard The dent wizard guarantees to get rid of the dings and dents on your car And they do it without messing with the paint job on your vehicle The dent wizard has a revolutionary process of paintless, ding and dent removal It will cost you less and takes only about an hour Reddell courage and season leasing companies Even used the dent wizard all the time to keep their cars Looking brand new and why not do the same yourself And now they even offer minor scratch and paint repair The dent wizard provides service all through south Florida for my main for Lotterdale to their newest location in West Palm And they're easy to find out let's just off i-95 in Danya Between Griffin and Sterling Rhodes Call him at 1-800-705 dent for location nearest by you 1-800-705-D-E-N-T 610 W-I-O-D She'll never see the light of day What happens in your bedroom is your own private business But if you're going to start looking at movies in your six That's just bottom line your sickle I've you know like i said i don't like it But i don't want to get in Chris and i don't want to force my religion upon you Yes, me no that's the way i see I tend to trust people who watch pornography before i trust born again Chris Caren K. Wake 9's 610 W-I-O-D 610 W-I-O-D The countdown continues. Countdown Oh 3 2 10 W-I-O-D Oh, Crab like Here are the springs of the fions in the bleachers ride It's the time of the year When the skit flies You watch this big ass swing in your mother grandma's In your morning loaded from a six pack Oh Oh, you're raised by a space ball You're raised by a space ball But there's a never so-so there's a matter of fact Oh I play better than you And play as hold up the thing The set-up Oh I have no life 1019 W-I-O-D Georgia is insisting that all these colors we have are just called a snore for the free uh silly uh space jam video i don't believe that for a second So anyway, well, as soon as we take care of that we'll get into this survey now this is very important stuff no fool and matter and you and I are going to lose out in fact those of us in the building who almost unanimously except for Rick Riley Think that this new news guy we got in the afternoon William Robert Millhouse Nixon the third that this guy is kind of the award winning from the head of the world Yes, the world winning journalist right broadcast We're in the minority because remember we took the thing weeks ago and that was like 50 50 And now he's just uh he's more popular than Jesus Moses my hampered and Michael Jackson put together how do you like that? I insist those were just a bunch of O-Junna. No way you're wrong they audience this audience these needleheads man they love him But as far as the other categories that remains to be seen that but I think we're gonna come out on the short end of this stick on that one To be able we don't have John M on this survey but he hasn't been here long enough to really hate here's the sunrise hello Neil yes sir are you doing great hey, I don't know if you heard about how we're going off on you today Howard Stern no, I did not he has been about 20 minutes pretty much ragging on you about what he said You're a rip off I guess his Melrose guy calls you the other day. Yeah, he called him this morning And they ended up getting let me let me say this to you, okay Okay, okay The thing that I found first of all when that guy called it was so obviously a set-up deal to begin with when I started finding out what he does new years But the the interest that the thing that I find pathetic is that here's a guy who just finished with a major motion picture Which granted was only big for one week and then faded but but nevertheless had money by the way and lost a lot of money But had a millions of dollars worth of publicity they ran spots in the Super Bowl for that movie to promote it He's had more promotion than got he had a gigantic spike in the ratings in this market and every other one because of all that promotion And he feels compelled to talk about me which let me ask you how how many of his listeners and all those markets he's on all across the country how many of them even know who the hell I am Great question. Yeah, but you know then he goes on that you he goes oh, it's that flag and Florida that uses his celebrity to get little boys and bedroom Oh, really that sounds actionable to me. You're laughing, but I'm serious. Yeah, it was real sad and real disappointing. Yeah, but that's Howard Howard's got a big don't you understand? I think it has to do with all the stories about that contract and all the alleged numbers in there how much I'm making There are some people who are so petty and so jealous if they're making a hundred million year Third jealous of anybody else is making 10,000 years. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, and so Howard that's always been Howard stick He'll never tell you anything good about anybody else on the ear anywhere whether it's I miss or anyone he's the only person who needs to be on ear And that's that's the one thing and Howard's the one big chicken is armor that's always bothered me is that his ego is bigger than his nose Yeah, yeah, let me ask you one other thing. I'm not to change the subject too much But a while back you played a tape on about Ron and Ron the original Ron's talking together Yeah, it was basically they're going away. Oh, hi, goodbye to each other. Yeah, you still have that or trade again Well, we got time it's pretty ponderous now, but I got it. Alright. I'll work on it. Alright. Thanks for the good news. Thank you. Okay. Oh my god talk about desperate It must be really boring and our last couple of days. We haven't said to world on fire, but to be talking about me to millions potentially of people I haven't got any ID who I am. That's really productive. Well, thanks for the publicity by the way, how are we? We have an open line of day at 6221 at Broward 767. Here's Davy. Hello. Davy. Yes, yes sir. Yes, I am. Good morning. When is Diaz? Hey, listen. Got a question for you. Yeah, that's just trying to give you a form at nish structure and whole thing I don't know if you're not trying to give me anything. They're not going to mess with this show. You supposed Steve came might be coming back to take your place. That's the popular rumor. Really. Yeah, we're just peeing in our pants about it. Yeah, he's pitching heavy duty for this gig. Yeah, I was thinking he will want to be back at a radio station again. Yeah, right. And he works with the peanut, right? Uh huh. Kind of mum on that. What would you be by that? Well, you're not really doing okay. He makes a few bucks. He's doing all right for being on the make believe radio station. All right. Awesome. Great. I'm really happy you're going to other stations. Now I never have to change the bow. Good for you. Thank you so much. Also, I want space down. Well, that's going to mean everybody else is going to vanish, but you got it. Okay, great. Hold on. That'll hear it all up. Pay in line five. They'll hear it at the pin of the S. Free loaders. I think you're wrong George. These people are on their free loading for that stupid tape. They are well, we'll find out. Here's a lady in North Miami Beach. Hello. Hi, I was holding for that tape. I knew you were. But you didn't hang up though. But I heard him. I could have hung up. I just want to tell you one thing. Yeah. Well, you said it. You said. Hi. My husband. My ex. Yeah. Hi. My ex husband used to listen to this station about 13 years ago. And I used to think he was off the wall. He was like, she's like, I'd alized you. I want you to know that I just started to listen to you about two weeks ago. And I want you to know that I think you're phenomenal. I am. Thank you. Thank you. We're so sorry. We don't have 100 copies of the tape. No problem. Have a great day. Bye. Bye. Bye. Okay. We have two open lines in date. Now all of a sudden. 6229463. 6222Wiod. Maybe Howard's got me confused with the fruity gourmet. So at any rate, our survey today is going to be like basically a thumbs up and thumbs down. Bob Lassard would be really, really proud of you heard about us doing this. But it's something that I've been commissioned to do. And I mean, you know, you got to do your duty to do your thing. And it might be kind of interesting too. To see if maybe it's just us, maybe we're bitter because we're on a way out. You're a jolly certainly very voluntarily and very happily. But maybe we're bitter. We have a John this view of all really good stuff that's going on in this joint. Is that possible? There you go. So it's like thumbs up or thumbs down or of course, maybe you don't have it depending because maybe you haven't heard some of the elements in this survey. There's like one, two, three, four, five categories listed on here. Ron and Ron is the first one. William Mammilford, Newhouse, Nixon Schwartz, the third. The new news guy is the second one. The broctanial show is the third one. Karen K, the unmensitable one is number four, the consultants girlfriend. And the new jingles and rejoins, the great John Ford productions, the old moldy stuff that's number five. So this five are easy categories there. And I'm sure we're going to get a phenomenal response from the audience who like to a stick there knows the stations business and calling up and telling me what you think doesn't count. Yeah, calling up and telling George is not going to get to job done. If you want to participate in this very important survey, which may help determine the future of the station if it has one. You're better talk to me, okay, or else. I don't want to start playing Boach boss, but that's the end of your right. Most of the people on those lines were there because of the tape. We got like two, four, five open lines now because they were there to free load for some silly stupid cartoon tape with the bugs bunny and Michael Jordan for their little pain in the S kid. Isn't that said? And just here when I thought after two desperate days when they really cared about me, isn't that pathetic, huh? Two open lines in Broward, 7679, 463, 1026 at WIOD. Let's tell you about Pomp and O Park. Let's see what's the day today? New, well, I'm glad you asked. It's the eighth. That means we got tons and tons of simultaneous action for it. It ate Pomp and O Park. Noon today, we got Daniel Highly. I want to clock, we got freehold raceway with harness racing and Jackie Lee. Tonight, Daniel Highly at 715 for the night time racing. Meadowlands at 730, Hazel Park at 730 with Kevin Wallace and all those goham. The meadows with a great day, polonate 730, Saio Doughdowns from Columbus, Ohio at 730 and who's your park from Indiana 8 o'clock? So you got all kinds of good stuff going on. You got your polka room opening at 530 and don't forget now that the summer meet is going on again. The International buffet is back on the fourth floor of the clubhouse 1495 for all you care to shove down your gut and cloning chef. I was fabulous dessert. So even though the fall meeting is over, the summer meet is on. We got Samuel casting. We got live racing Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Something great going on all the time at Papadoharnas, Powerline and Atlantic in Papadoh beat. 6th, WIOD. The topic today? Why don't we get fun calls? Play right there. Oh, hold that for 6th, 10. WIOD. Hey, and how it? How it's spam. So we just had a spy report that the same guy who just called me about two minutes ago to give us the song and a dance about Howard and that's by report called Howard and with a whole song and a dance but just reversed. Ripping me. So twisting it all around and whatever it was that he said, another Ojo on provocateur. How do you like that? Nice going. Thank you so much and go back to New York. Okay. Okay. Let's start our survey here. We got more important fish to fry here than we're in about Howard. He's doing okay. We've got to move. We lost millions of dollars. He's doing all right. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Hello, Uncle Nelson. Yes, sir. I am here to participate fully in the race. Right. The first one of the day, this could be the turning point. You can set the trend. Okay. Thumbs up or thumbs down. Ron and Ron. Down. Okay. And of course, you can make any comments that you like to briefly. They are the terminal and we can do better than that. The news guy, William, the new news guy. Hi, I like him. Okay. Tony George. Brook Daniels. I like her. Karen K. Down. And shouldn't be on the air. It's just wasting everybody's time including her own and how about the consultants. And I don't know. I don't know how she looks. He might not be wasting her his time. She's not too good either. And how about the jingles and the rejoins. Bad, down. I like what you had before. Okay. Thank you, sir. And wait. I wanted to say a few things. We'll right ahead. Take your time. Well, I just. You still there? Yeah. Okay. I just want to say that we'll all follow you when you go down there. I've never seen a radio station get decimated like this, but it's the way it goes. Okay. And anyway, Jerry, she's a goddess. Okay. Whatever you say, I believe you. See you. Okay. There we go. Okay. And I want to make very sure because I know that when we get through with this, like it noon or one or however long we do this here in five minutes, that people say, well, they're just because we always get this even from that idiot, the Ian or whatever it's a house name is yet. Puts, you know, with no life who is in mourning and we've got a real sour edit two thousands Kelvin walked out on them, but the same crap like my opinions about the hockey games. Well, they all call in just to say to agree with you just to suck up. And of course, there is some truth to that. We don't want that. We want your honest to God cross your heart, hope to croak and burn it, purgatory, or whatever it hell they're supposed to be burning for a long time if you don't tell us the truth. That's it. We can handle it. What's all the week here? And you notice I'm not on there and Rick and Sudson out on there because obviously where the only components of the station left from before the big sale from before this is this is strictly a packs and research thing. This is strictly to a determine the let's see October. It's like seven months now. And to find out just with the audience we got left of course, two open lines in the Palm Beach and out of town lines on a survey, that's pretty damn insulting to us not one triple eight four seven four nine four six three one eight eight eight four seven four Wild. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Mr. sir. That survey is easy. Thumbs up on the news guy and thumbs down everybody else. They do got that list. Yeah, but you know what you're going to do. Thumbs down on everybody. Everybody except for that news guy. No, not on you and Rick and Sudson. Well, I'm not talking. We're not on the survey. Everybody loves me and Rick and Sudson. But I called about hockey. Yes. Coach is corner last night. Yeah. The 10 overtime goals that would have been called back. Right. That's stupid rule. That was pretty good. Yeah, that was good. Now, what about, you know, I'm a big dish owner and I was watching a little bit about that ESPN 2. I was wondering what you think about that bottom line crap. You mean that the bottom of the screen when they squashed the screen. So it looks like you're watching. Exactly. I hated it. Is there any way we can get rid of that or is that something that's going to be there? That's going to be there forever. That's that. That's see. There's this big pissing contest going on between ESPN and Fox and headline news to try to see who gets the scores on their to fastest. What I can't believe is that we're getting more, we're getting more graphics on the other than the game. You know, you have to score. Exactly. And then, of course, you get some, they got some of the paid sponsor in the upper corner and they got the score scrolling in the bottom of the screen. And they got the game squeezed down to about an inch and a half. It's like letter box sports. You know, I mean, who the hell wants it? I hated it. I want to tell you the CBC has it over everybody though. And by the way, I talked to John Shannon yesterday. My good friend at the CBC who if I live long enough is sending me a mobile. He would tapes, but I told him I'm not holding my breath. And he said, don't worry. With the big dish on a CBC, it probably be 10 years before they digitize. I think all of us all said disappointed Panther fans out of jump on the Edmonton Bandwagon right now. I love a man. They're great. They're an exciting team to watch. She must request. Yes, sir. Fred Cuse, a calling a goal for the Bruins guy. Okay. Thanks a lot. See you. Okay. We have an open line in Broward, 7679, 4663767. We're going to find Fred Cusek with this mess that we got here. We used to have tons and tons. And then of course, that one disc. How are we ever going to recover from that? I guess that's just a lost stuff. How George? That this number 13 we spoke to the. And of course, we can't even do anything with the many discs now because it's all to Broughlin and our engineers are running around wearing when Wayne Arnold's come with a free food. I'll find Fred Cusek here somewhere. If it's the last thing I do and it might just be, I'll find a Fred Cusek goal. A great Fred Cusek. One of the all time greats retired after this last season. You're on a keeper. Scott by Heinz is wide. Philan's the out great. Trying to put it on that miss. That was taken by Heinz. Scott's score. He's got them for a two-to-one growing. Okay. Now one of the greatest calls. But it'll have to do for the moment. I'll find some more. We have an open line on the out of town. We're doing our survey now. So what did I tell you about the new news guy? They love him, George. They love William Millford award winning. Et cetera. They love him. Here's my M.E. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Great. I take the survey. Okay. Ron and Ron. No. Okay. He said no. William Robert Millford, Millhouse Nixon, the Jones Schwartz III. No. Don't like him. Broke Daniels. Okay. Okay. Karen K. No. And double no. Oh, double no. I can only put down one. Well, I might put no. And the new jingles and rejoins? No. Do you hate them? I hate them. Do you hate them like poison? I don't want to put words in anybody's mouth. Do you despise them to the point of wanting to blow somebody's brains out? It's like slamming your knee in the door. Okay. Thank you so much. Oh, Neil. Yes. Go on for the part two. The part when the center is in Michael office. My offer is this, Senator. Nothing. No, before them. He said when the center said that he knew about him trying to take over one of the casino. Right. Right. Michael, look at Tom, the way he did when he said that. Well, you're really nitpicking now. I mean, George even George has got a furrowed brow at this point. Because he looked at him as if how did he had a person in the norm I did, and he's your father from somebody there. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about? Well, I have to have to be watched that part. Yeah, that's that. I'm going to spend my whole weekend We're watching that part in analizing it for you. Yeah. But also, I'm sorry. Senator, you wanted to get in the end, though, did he? No, he did. But also the other night, I'm a white came home. And she told me about the Karen K. The thing that you talked about yesterday is getting to yourself. Yeah. And she was going off about how stupid that was for how the lady doesn't like anybody who was opinion-difors with her. She liked to cut them off and tell them that they're wrong. But whatever, it was just so funny that how the next day you come on there talking about the same thing. There you go. So, okay, Neil. Well, what do you think about that guy with at $9,000 engagement ring? It's just a joke. Have a great day, pal. All right. See ya. My client demands an apology, Senator. I didn't know no Godfather. Frankie Pentangely, man, one of the hidden stars. Only through this show, do you realize what a great character in the Godfather Frankie Pentangely was? Nobody else who talks Godfather probably hardly ever mentioned Frankie Pentangely, Frankie 5-ang angels. Great. He could probably play for the angels. That's how bad they are. But we do like those new uniforms. That's what Mark Hoffman said this morning. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to participate in survey. Okay. Ron and Ron. No. News guy, William, the third. The worst. Really? Yep. Brooked Daniels. All right. He's good. Karen K. The new jingles and rejoins. He didn't work, then William Robert douchebag. That's saying a lot. And also before I go? Yes. Here he got. Okay. I'll write. Here's the guy that knows which side is up. Thank you. And John M says thank you too. What did John M say? He always says that. We have an open line in day. 6-2-2-9-4-6. Get him some scope by the way. If he's got to sit that close to him. Get him some scope. Something at rhymes with the like soap. He's all right. He's just, yeah. Sure he is. He's tight with a PD though. He's tight with this hairy penis guy. And that's what it's all about. If you're tight with a PD wherever you go. And by the way, the people over the other outfit down the dial, the one that I'm going to, it would be nice if you return some of the people's calls once and why I didn't understand. They have this fetish with not returning anybody's phone calls. It's like a little game that they played on there, which they seem like very nice people. They seem. But you know, return some of these people's calls once and why the prices right. It's free. Last time I checked. Even if you tell them, blow it out your ass. At least return somebody's phone call and stop being such enigma's. And so like, that seems to be their whole thing. They even enjoy that. Being like out of contact. Of course I shouldn't be upset. They only turn my phone calls either. So why, you know, at least they're consistent. Here's for a lot of day. Hello. Morning. Yes, sir. Are you doing great? You had mentioned this about you could only pick up the Edmonton Oilers game on the big dish. How come you can't pick it up on the smile dish? Because I, you know, ordered the playoff games. And it wasn't on last night. I know. Well, I've an outly Colorado. They're playoff games. Have all been. I believe. They're all on like over the over the year channels. In other words, not a cable channels. Right. And so the small dish doesn't have any contract with whoever that might be. In fact, they might even be on pay. I don't know how that's working. But they're definitely not on sports channel. Arizona or Colorado. Whatever the whole thing is. And so the small dish, direct TV can't get it. So it doesn't have the contract. Another with the NHL doesn't. I, I don't know, contract out to have a satellite feed. To all across the country. So Colorado can black out there. Signal to different parts of the country. Even though I've paid to see all the playoff games. What do you mean black it out? They're not blacking anything out. It's just on the local TV. There. It wasn't on their cable thing. Oh, that's right, too. Yeah. But what I don't understand is I know that during the Edmonton Dallas series, the same thing was true with Dallas. They showed several other games on the local channel instead of sports channel. Right. And so what they did was they put the CBC telecast on two different times on a small dish. And people loved it. It was great. And I have no idea why they didn't do that last night. I haven't seen a CBC broadcast. But by the way, you talk about it. I'd like to see it. Then you'd see a real game. You would have seen Don Cherry in the coaches corner thing last night. And he would have paid in your pants. He's great. Did you see that saved by Patrick Ruah when they was a penalty being called on Colorado. And the Colorado guy was deep in the attacking zone. And he cleared the puck. And the penalty was being called. And Patrick Ruah was going to the bench. But the. Yeah. And he was the net was empty. He was going to the bench. And he had an almost put it in their own net and he came diving back. And just got it. He was like somebody sliding in a third base. He went sliding across the crease and just got a stick on it knocked it away. How embarrassing that would have been. It was pretty interesting twice in that game. It happened with both teams. Edmonton almost put it in their own net on a delayed penalty. And the avalanche almost did the same thing on that one. Right. Exactly. How come management's not on that survey? He should be. Have a great day. Thanks. See ya. I'm going to play it about our management. And what's what's that business that Wayne is in? Waste management. By the way, nice going. Wayne. We got republic up to 28 in the quarter now. A hundred people aren't too happy within their soon. They don't want to buy an up all their hundred dealerships. They're pissed off. We have an open line on the out of town line. One triple eight four seven four nine four six three. You know what I say about investing in the stock market. It's like going to the track without the entertainment. Make no mistake about that. I mean, if you want to invest in the market. If you want your mutual funds. If you want your stocks. If you want to dittler round. If you want to gamble. That's what it is. It's called gambling. It's pseudo intellectual gambling for the people minded like me. I wish I had time. You know, to sit around and just play the market all day. Just get on the internet. Oh, by the way, John Shannon told me yesterday very interestingly within five years. Now, he may be full of crap. And usually he has, based on within five years. Don't even worry about big dismal. She said everything will be on the internet. You'll be watching your TV. And you'll be able to get whatever you want through the internet. It'll all be right there. Great quality picture. And I'm wondering to myself, well, that sounds great. But what about this DHTV thing? That's coming out. I guess they have to accommodate that. What do you mean by that? HD TV. I bought it. I call it. DH. Well, HD DH. Come on. HD TV. I'm sure the weather is coming. Which is spending by the way of fortune. The government is spending a fortune to subsidize the television stations. So they can change overall equipment. So by the year 2006, I think it is that everybody's got HD TV. Which means you'll, I heard Rick talking about this. You'll have to throw your TV sets out and go out and buy a new TV set. But 2006, nine years away, I mean, who cares? You know, who cares right now? So anyway, we got all kinds of great new technologies that's going to cost us a lot of money. But boy, it's you're going to be great. That's what I care. I would like to be able to watch whatever I want to watch. If I want to watch Rick Jenner, right through the Buffalo game last night. Instead of watching ESPN with that Dave Strader who I can't stand. I hate like poison. I want to see Rick Jenner Red. Even though it was a boring game, I mean, the first period I was going to watch because the other game didn't start to leave 30. I want to see Rick Jenner Red. La la la la la, Jenner Red. Whatever the hell this name is, that's what I want to see. And you can't do it or it's blocked out in your area because, yeah, because everything is a monopoly now. If I want to pay for it, if I'm willing to pay extra to see it, I still can't see it. Trust me what I tell you, that's going away the win. Because there's untold billions of dollars sitting in there. And they just have to finger out a way to do it so they can get their eyes slice of the pie. Everybody gets a piece. What I've always said, if everybody gets a piece, everybody's happy. So how about that old John Provocca Terracell from New York that's looking to start a big son. Oh, it was somebody from inside the company? Aha. We just traced the caller came from the conference room where they're having another corporate meeting and they're also listening to the survey we're doing. So give it to him good. 1045 at WIOD, Hey Marlins fans, they lost last night. By the way, three to two intending, what a heartbreaker. How would a shame? Sunshine Networks fifth season Marlins coverage continues tonight. The defending nationally champion Atlanta Braves are in town featuring Chipper Jones, Kenny Lofton and a staff of Saeyong winners. And they got of course, what's his name? They don't look too bad either. What the hell is his name? Orion Clesco. Thank you, Neil. Jim Leeland's Marlins are loaded this season with Bobby Bonilla, Gary Sheffield, Moishi, Aloo and Jeff Kohnon. The road to the pentacos through Atlanta and the Marlins have their sights set on the Division leading Braves. Keep his straight face. Sunshine Network will showcase 14 Marlins games this month. So in May, if you're looking for Marlins, look to Sunshine. The same place you'll find, the Atlantic Division champion, Miami Heat, who had a rough night last night, Ed Popes as they choked. The National Champion Florida Gators and the Florida State Semitals watched the Marlins and the Braves tonight on Sunshine Network starting at 7 o'clock and see why Sunshine be the leader in Florida Sports coverage. 6.10 WIOD. The 50-50 Hicks of today's hit. My grandfather was a professional firefighter. He's a constantly say, if your house is on fire, won't you jump and out the wind on him? I'm like, I live on the third floor here. I mean, he on me at the point, I could even lay the match in times like in six square. And yesterday's favorites. There are a lot of talk stations that are successful without Neil Rogers. We've had to be one of those stations. The best variety in South Florida. 6.10 WIOD. 6.10 WIOD. I recall when a webjays son came to see my husband Carl Fisher and told him that radio was the coming thing in America. And that it seemed a likely thing to have for my image. Of course, Mr Fisher was always looking for something to publicise his Miami Beach. And so he took to the idea. And he said, all right, I'll build you an island and you can put a radio station there. And he said, let's see, I'll lay in the island for John Levi. We'll call it John's island. And he said, what do you want to call your radio station? And web said, well, I don't know. But I've always thought that Miami Beach was a wonderful island of dreams. And my husband said, that's funny. Rectown WIOD. Then it was this station was moved over to Miami. And I remember that it was the year of the Big Blue by 1926. And the wonderful, beautiful tower was blown off by the hurricane. But WIOD has been one of the landmarks of this entire area. And here we are, 71 years later, and it's blue and bigger than ever. 1051, a WIOD. This is Carl Jane Fisher. There brings a tear to our fly. I'll tell you that right now. So here's a facts from when in Miami. He says, I can't wait until you get to that other station. I don't want to say QM. Even with the GE Super Radio, it's almost impossible to get to your station without a high pitch wine. Too much wine, going on on this diet. Totally, there's a lot of wine in Go and I didn't believe me. Did you? They're all wine in over here. He says, WQM comes in like an FM. This is the crap out everybody. Godfather Tree, or remastered by the way I love the Rambo Durable by the way, which goes in after the ones you can't get out. Godfather Tree, or remastered in four boxed sets. The Godfather trilogy of film, a BABBABABABA has been remastered in being offered for home video collectors to mark the 25th anniversary of the first movie. Paramount Home video is releasing the three movies separately, 2495-8. Also in four separate boxed sets. The number one, the three films in wide screen version, nine hours and one minute, 6495. Number two, the three films in wide screen version, and a 25th anniversary book, The Godfather Legacy, which I have, with 288 pages of text is 7995. And a limited edition of 5,000 that includes all of the above and a certificate autographed by director Francis Ford Coppola, and a number goal plaque on a back, a goal, and goal, face display. 1495 for those with a lot of money. And number four, a commemorative edition that includes the entire Corleoni saga with additional scenes, edited chronologically by Coppola into a nine hour 43 minute movie. The set includes a bonus video of the Hivesine's footage, The Godfather family, a look inside, and a booklet of commentary by Coppola 14995. As a bonus, each of the three films contains retrospective interviews exclusive to this release, alright. Here is a dear field beach, hello. Hi, now. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? I just calling you participating in your illustrious survey. Okay, number one, Ron and Ron. Week, very week of show of what they were. I would give them a thumbs down. News guy, William Mammilford Roberts Schwartz, the third. William terminal, the third. He ought to just stick to the news and leave the entertainment to the real entertainers. So where are we sticking to thumb? We're sticking it down. Yeah. Okay, way down. Brook Daniels? Brook Daniels? Oh, barely tolerable. I'll give it. I guess I'll give it thumbs up and she's tolerable. Okay, kind of a week some, uh, yeah. Here in K. Here you go, forget it. And the great new WOD jingles and rejoins this snappy old production. Give rid of him. Okay, thank you so much. All right, now. I have a great life. Okay, here we go. Continues not looking too good except for William Mammilford Roberts, the third is hanging right in there. He's holding his own man real real tight. He might just surprise to how do you George you cryptic cynical little spick you. He might show you a thing or two. I don't want to see it myself, but I'm sitting here looking at a decay by the way. And, uh, now did somebody, what's just happening? Oh, my God. It looks like he's got elephant tightest. That thing is growing. Here's Miami. Hello. Can you? Yes, sir. I like to participate in that survey. Okay. This is a more fun than beating yourself with the baseball bat in it. Ron and Ron. And they were there down with a new guy that got a runny hay sucks. Okay, I didn't know that, but I'm interesting to know. How about William the a news guy? He was the horrible first police game better. Thumbs up. Yeah. Toilet George, they're getting you. It's starting to grow on him. I told him just a minute ago it's starting to grow. Brooked annuals. Nah, down. Karen K. Wait down. And the jingles and rejoins. Even lower. Okay. Mochis grassy. Looks like a great life. Okay. Come on. I don't want people. And I know everybody's going to be saying all the managed been people, all the programming experts, all the mavens, all the consultants. Oh, they're just saying this because Neil, I have, you know, I have no interest in the outcome of this one way or the other because I'm not going to be here anyway. We're just trying to find out because this I've been commissioned to do a study here. Because maybe they're going to get serious about it. I have very serious doubts about that because I have to equip an eight working. But maybe they're going to get serious one of these days. Or maybe the new owners when they sell it might want to get serious. They'll get serious one by one. But if they want to keep anybody because the new owners probably are going to be really smart. We have an open line in day at 622 and we have one on the out of town line. One triple eight four seven four nine four six three and of course, if you're listening on the audio net, I don't call us because you don't know what's going on here anyway. Mind your own business. But out. Here's a lady in cruel springs. Hello. Lady in cruel springs. Yes, ma'am. I would like to participate in your survey please. Yes, ma'am. It's America and why not step right up to the plate? I'm running run. Sometimes. Well, let's give them a thumbs up because they don't have any yet. Okay. The new news guy, William Jennings Bryant III. Sometimes he scares me. He scares you. Yes. As a matter of fact, it's funny you should say that because Peter Bolder said they don't want him coming in the building here because he's a very scary guy. Almost as scary as Luca Brazzi. He sounds it. Okay. Brook Daniels. I like her. Okay. Karen Kay. Can you see me too? She wants quite a bit. She wants? She's a winer. She wants. Okay. And the jame. Well, guys that sent us the facts about the whining. Maybe that's what he was talking about. And the jingles and the rejoins? Very, very bad. That's what they were jokes. Okay, ma'am. Thank you so much. Alright. And God bless you. Yes, you do. Bye-bye. We have an open line at Broward 767. It's the Paxton corporate survey as we give you an opportunity. Those of you hard working. Those of you who've been busting your balls in your brains and your boobs for years. Just trying to get a little bit of entertainment, a little bit of enjoyment, a little bit of whatever it is you're looking for. Okay. Through this radio stations through this thing that's emanating at 610 on your AM God damn radio dial. We want to give you a little bit of input and then of course, they'll probably totally disregarded. But hey, I'm going to report it. I'm going to pass it along. I'm going to pass it wherever I can. By the way, George, you notice how we seem to have a change on this lock? 1057. Maybe that's a good home. Maybe it's almost as good as the news we got yesterday, which I can't reveal. But God, it was very promising and very good. Thank you so much whoever called me and told me about it. 1057 at WIOD. 610 WIOD. Boy, he'll Rogers. While you're goofing off, it worked. Okay, God bless you, my son. 610 WIOD. Grab my junior, honey. I'll show some nip. Yeah. See you. Right? That's show it. Greatly, they just been scaring women with guys with small penis. Right. Yeah, like Harvey Kai-Town. You want to see that? What did it away? Put it in your pants. Baby. Let me imagine it's my bag. Here's a Connie. Yes, Connie. And now, the hell is out. No, Connie. Okay. Connie? Hello? No, Connie, Robin. All right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And Brian, go ahead real quick, because I'm running out of time here. Oh, no, it just got it. Melrose, where are you green with on the radio show down here? New York Rogers. He was really bad now, and you've seen that, uh, you're so pompous. And, uh, I miss his better than you. You're overrated. Since the movie came out, you got a big head. And, uh, this guy, New York Rogers, uh, always used to say that, uh, Melrose. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Did you, we want a radio show down in Florida, bad, mounting me, you stupid punch. No, no, tell me, got to play the tape. I got to the tape, I don't have a cue up there. I have to tape. What's your the tape? I can call it on. All right. Why don't you go cue it up? Go cue it up. Go cue it up. I want to hear what he said. Did you say that this guy in New York Rogers was a neck tower to turn or something to that effect, Melrose? No, no. Well, did you tell me or I just, well, it's the first of all. I cannot pad now. How? Didn't you, didn't bet you sang guilty? No, no. We got tape of it. I'm going to tell you something Melrose. If I hear anything bad about me, I'm going to ban you from the show. Wait a minute. How, you believe somebody that says something? Yes. Yeah, we believe somebody that says something. Oh, I don't know. How it, I did not bad, Melrose. You want Neil Rogers. Oh, we're going to find out. No, in fact, I did. Why do you think Neil Rogers has you on? The webinar Neil Rogers is a... You know, he's a rock thing that all who I was. Why do you think he would have you on the radio? Get it all I was. The guy sits in this assignment show all day. I don't know. I don't know. You don't know. I don't know. Let's go. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You don't know. What do you do when on a competitive station in the first place? What? What day up, my show, Melrose? Who made you famous? Who made you famous? Howard Stern. Why do you think somebody wants you on? How would I get stupid ass? Larry.com. All right, Melrose, Larry.com, bye. Let's see how many hits you get after this. Let's see how many hits you get after I bang you from the show. Okay, it's 11.06 at WOD. Poor Melrose, Larry, a public, whatever it hell is name is. He's out. And I, you know, I listed a Rolasty of that Howard show. In fact, I'm going to sit around listening to what right now. I'm going home right now. Howard, I hate to break the news to you. But on this market what? Three years now, three and a half years. I've heard to show three times. Like a few brief minutes in between those 20 minute commercial breaks. Here's a lady it, but that's great. I love it. You know this? How these? Here's cloned. Send in the clones. Here they nurture those cronics. They nurture like feed like stray cats. Yeah. Keep coming back. Right. Like build a core of sickle fence. Right. The opposite of what we do. But at least, at least what's stuttering John, at least he's funny anyway. Well, he's not a chronic. He's like, you know, an employee. Okay. Whatever you say, here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I love you. Well, of course. You're so fit, please. Okay. Ron and Ron. I disgrace from the air. Ha ha ha. William Robert, milk for the third. Not bad. Okay. What did I tell you, George? George loses. We got a $5 million bet. I've booked the annuals. Come see, come saw. Well, give me an upper down. I don't want to have that. All right. Okay. I'll give you an upper. Okay. Karen K. Let's not get stupid now. Okay. We are going to have an upper. Why is there? Don't really feel sick. All right. We could have done too much. And I was following you to Q AM. And me the Lord bless you sweetheart. I've a great day. I'll see. That's what Larry, the Melrose Luria, whatever. I don't even know who that guy is. Why did. And I love the way Howard does this. Why did we have a money. Like, we invited him to call. I don't know who the guy is. I still don't. Well, he told us like. 3, 4. Some homeless dead meat guy that like you said, that they, you know, use a schlepper around. And I. me again right that's another one here's mobile in north Miami hello hey Neahe Dawn great you ever watch sign-filps no you never don't watch it no I was funny the other night there reminded me of you a George was trying to get fired from the Yankees yeah he was dragging around the world series trophy and the parking lot and everything because he wanted to get out of his contract with the uh... with the Yankees so kind of reminded me of you well that sounds good let's drag it around to the parking lot it was funny anyways uh... have a good day you don't want to do our survey i'm gonna push you into this okay uh... up or down run and run uh... stock down okay well you're Robert milhouse Nixon shorts Jones forward Edward the middle steen the third uh... he's not bad he's entertaining brook Daniels uh... really less than the work of what i have uh... caren k okay and the jingles and rejoins the new w-audy production okay thank you sir okay our food is here thank you david for slumping you went all the way down there what a guy well all the way down there to wait an hour and of course most of our people would drive along way to get free food thank you so much sweetheart why do we miss Lisa Lou Perry on a news all morning or shouldn't say that he's great but of course then again she's not a comedian see if he just had a better sense of humor sweet art you might still be doing the news but i doubt it because you're not an old drinking buddy of our PD i mean a diaculture in can buddy what is this a bleeding hemorrhide is more informative and entertaining than the alleged newscaster i guess is one of those deals either like him or hate him huh George is very upset about that we're not gonna start to twilting and twisting the survey just to please you when you're up at a little attitude okay i've told you they like him they deserve William Robert butt plug Schwartz Goldstein handle the third it says as for Mary Kay heard a desperate attempt to push those hot button topics to grab the listeners is akin to a drowning victim's mad flailing to drag everyone down with her as for the jingles is your program director Harry penis in a time warp the answer to that question being good luck to us sign gym okay here's somebody i guess if you want to facts as if you can't get to the phone because the lines are smoking if you like to facts as your response which will probably elicit a lot of a faxes from people inside using phony names like the news guy you can do that our facts number of course being 305 6906440 305 6906440 let's see this one is from Robert and Robert says i'm gonna put it down on survey what i'm not Robert says run and run big thumbs down for their they're not doing well they're not doing well George your good buddies up at the other right of the building that we don't see anymore saw time he crammer this point for a second or two little bit too long uh William Henry Harrison for the third two thumbs up how do you like that brook Daniels um now it's neutral i just won't put nothing now carrying k thumbs down she's not doing well at all at bitch and uh the jingles and that's that's it but so on uh two hands full of thumbs down okay thank you so much Robert in wherever you are okay thank you so much sir here's my lunch from Wayne Arnold i'm gonna do my atkins today i've been sticking out and i'm doing great i'm lost a few pounds and the life is looking great especially after we heard what we did yesterday George two bad we can't uh here's uh bokeh hello yeah yes sir i'd like to participate your survey okay run and run run run i don't like them okay in other words a big thumbs down i'm a serious this to born in this mbc even though he's not alive anymore he's still doing okay yeah how about William uh John's shorts the goldstein the turd i like him okay how about bro you'll pour George he's not gonna make it through this he may have to have a intensive therapy before we're done brook Daniels i like your first blade it's rakeley or shows gotten very constricted so i guess it'll be a little one thumbs up oh wait i'm okay better put it back and okay a little okay i'm put a little thumb yeah Karen K no show no person he already had him the weshies on the radio i know you know why she's on and the jiggles and rejoins sir alright alright thank you so much okay see an old fart like those jiggles we have an open line on the out of town line one triple eight four seven four our massive listener survey here today the future of wild in fact probably what's your name that miss is uh Jane Fisher whom you heard only moments ago she's probably gonna be uh coming back from the dead she's probably gonna be making an appearance on the side of a gigantic Barnett bank building before she's done she's gonna be so excited about your response here today wild it's been on here for five thousand years can they save it can they resurrected can they bring it back dead or live here's curl geobals hello hi there sir yes sir run and run thumbs down okay wild him a millford denu house both thumbs way down okay he's still in the lead by the way George seven to five brook Daniels thumbs down okay Karen K everything down she's got it down and jingles and rejoins they have that sharp bell near the end of the exactly right heard like hell major thumbs down and I have a shameless request yes sir the long version of David Helver's damn going at the plastic okay thank you so thanks for listening to 610 Wild and have a great day oh he hit it oh my baby did it he did it he did it oh I never anybody get so excited when their baby did it anyway it's 11 13 at Wild on a really amazing wins there what what hell did there's day I'm who cares they're all the same now they're all the same now to us we're just here trying to eikata a modest living it's 11 14 at Wild Charles Alfie are he's gonna eikata something on your head effect you might even say eik oh no that's only Karen that says eik I don't know is is there anybody like really a live who says eik except in cartoons I guess she's the one anyway you'll be saying eik when you look at the mirror with that ballspot getting larger and larger unless you do something about it and if you want to do something that makes sense pick up the phone call the Charles Alfie or he's studio they've been doing it for showbiz people who got Zillian's dollars for over 25 years as a matter of fact Kevin Dobson is from not slanting he's one and lots of others too guys who basically have no hair but you think they got some hair because Charles Alfie or he's made them look like they got stuff grown right out of their scalp and he can do the same for you he can make that natural hairline look even more natural and make it look like it's all your real hair so forget about holes in the head forget about those ugly plugs those disgusting things where the blood is gushing out of your head forget about those mousey looking wigs who now wants to look like Jerry which in the right way do it the right way with Charles and pick up the photo column right now a toll free 1-800-321-2413 that's 1-800-321-2413 or in Broward 9-2817-55-92817-55 the Charles Alfie or studios you'll find about 43-90 North Federal Highway between Oakland and commercial you got nothing to lose but that ballspot 6-AMW-Y-O-D here's a promoted trick you into listening to Rick Insights what's doing with the dogs I don't understand that what do you mean you're going to rent dogs to refight fight yeah yeah wherever you want a leg and arm you're the perfect candidate for a good dog biting oh scratch yourself you got man yeah love animals both salt pepper pavine aerosols for Rick Insights afternoons 6-10W-Y-O-D wonderful I-L-A-D-M-S 6-10W-I-O-D I turned my radio on the other day and got uncle near the program whatever was it is a filthiest thing I've ever heard in my life and the children were around it's horrifying I'm surprised as if you'd let that go on the air I've heard other complaints about even from the from the health there I wish you'd rectify that and do something about it no need to be taking guard name and vain and and it's gratifying women as well I want to even mention it thank you very much all right it's 1118 at WIDR equipment's on strike again this morning and Harry penis was in there to see for himself first in what it's like when you press the button and nothing happens but we just plot right along that's amazing maybe it maybe it is really going on strike you think George but anyway here is having a nice free lunch and he's pretty excited about it we have an open on any other town line one triple eight what what is with this thing just like I should try to get her not should I let's take a vote the thing is spinning it's spinning around it's cute up it's a little slow I got a girl for name Carmen she only likes to eat one thing she don't mess around with no hash brown spaghetti or any other thing Carmen just likes to eat sausage sausage makes a world go round she'll open up whites let it deep down inside and you can't help but watch you go down so pass the sausage Carmen like it's steaming hot if you pass that sausage Carmen well she might even say it got a lot if you pass that sausage Carmen well all but every penny in the pot that to see you see you believe him with one gigantic Eve she'll swallow all the sausage you got understand an indication with Carmen late one Friday night she told me that she had a craving for kibase and nothing else would sue the appetite we looked all while and he icebox but there was nothing we could find until Carmen looked into my pajamas and I guess you could say she blew my mind so bad was all this Carmen likes it's steaming hot if you pass that sausage Carmen well she might even say you got a lot not if you pass that because all this is Carmen well I'll bet every penny in the pot that to see you still believe in with one gigantic Eve she'll swallow all the sausage you got you got I had one in my mouth once okay 1120 a w i o d oh god is right it's great Thursday the lunch is great thank you Wayne arm thank you Marie thank all our good pizons down there and that treacherous part of town okay let's go to a tamarac hello good morning Neil waitness deus I will take your survey sir you'll take it and like it okay here's the Ron and Ron I actually think they're better with this new person so it's a thumbs up well thank god here's William Robert milkford next in short Columbus deterred he's the worst okay here's Brooke Daniels yeah okay well what does that mean that's a kind of a week thumbs up yeah it's a week thumbs up okay I'm gonna put it down because she's all right here in k no okay and the new jingles and rejoins the new old jingles and rejoins all a snappy wid production you know I like to rejoins I don't want yeah I like to rejoins yeah the jingles that say the hour and stuff I don't like to know okay so it sounds like a big thumbs down to me thank you so much sir yes I get a shameless plug sure whatever you like okay our glory is pander uh are playing the uh Wilberton Police Department uh in a basketball tonight at uh over to a high school really yes sir you mean the real panthers real NHL Blurr Panther well maybe they finally sound found something they can handle if need more just a joke guys called a bobercom police department yeah uh five six one three three eight one three three five excellent all right there all right day bye bye we have an open line in Broward if you want to participate in history and amaking here seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven WOD even Harry penis Valentine likes Wayne Arils outside of that so second times in fact it's the only two times he's ever come in here I think since he's been here and both times when the food was here he'll fit in like a glove nice going Harry he'll fit in here perfect free food well yeah let me come in here and grab some didn't grab enough though don't take him a bunch more okay I'll we'll do something to it first here's uh here's my amy hello yes I am you okay are you want like a real phone yeah okay don't get the snobby about it Ron and Ron you like him you hate him no you don't like him no uh William the news guy oh god yeah oh god you like him yeah all right Tonya George he doesn't say just yes he said oh god yes oh god that's good right yeah broctanials okay okay here in Kay please make it stop and uh the jingles and rejoins I like him okay oh and one thing me on yes I want to thank you very much for my uh and DK shirt you got it huh are you wearing it proudly every night I'll ride okay thank you so much we're bye bye I do like that she's the wearing her in riquey glacius uh piece we have an open line in date in riquey's we're in a big piece over there right over in the next to the wall and we got a big uh steering look on his post like hey beat this uh okay open line in the out of town line one triple eight four seven four seven four nine four six three one triple eight four seven four Wiod so how about having that tape of that Howard business owner see it was an O-John provocative tour from down here that twisted the whole thing but he was right about that slime ball Lary whatever that guy's name is Melrose Schwarz about that guy because remember the call actually well he did call here he was sucking around oh yeah you saw really great you ought to be on right after our Bob and of course Howard don't like that so you know and of course he would be like Gilbert going to another market and calling up Bob Blanceter and tapots and oh Bob hi you really great yeah of course Gilbert would do that he'd Gilbert would do with anybody to put him on here and I don't know why would Gilbert be invited on that show anyway I mean are we inviting these people for who we don't even know to call us next thing we'll be getting the call from what's his from a start of English but we figure that we screen our calls the same way that he does as an only but you know when I was on Zeta one time we used to call Tanner and we used to call Joey and when he was on she we called the Sunny Park and even the Greg Vidal who at the time liked it and later on got pissed off and blamed us for getting a point to share but everybody would talk to us on here and all the competing shows and we called Howard one morning and they got very very up at Ian Snottie is producer like boy Gary and well we don't need you know we don't need to talk to you because you're just trying to siphon off from our fame and bapa pa you know what what the how were they talking about we were kicking ass we had to market by the balls all we were trying to do is have like a little funnier little verbal intercourse well you're trying to use it yeah blow it out your ass somehow we survived without it here's Pembroke Pines hello hello Neil yes sir yeah originally called to give you an accurate spy report on what happened this morning but obviously you have the tape how do you like that I think it's pathetic I think if you listen to the next couple minutes you'll figure out that the one tower you know kept an eye that he even knew who you were and then he said oh yeah yeah I know that guy and yeah earlier he was talking about all the ratings and I think once he realized what yours were he he went on to slamming someone in Chicago and he got off you pretty quick oh really yeah but yeah he did go he did say that you were enticing little boys and and that whole thing isn't that sweet pathetic not in a little boys I'm a first-time girl I got turned on you by my father actually about 10 years you got turned on by your father huh yeah well it happened I didn't get it then but I've been a devoted listener for about the last five years to tell you how old were you I was 17 senior nice and you didn't get it well I got it I just didn't like it I figured radios were from music back then oh come on but most guys that age are getting it not to show necessarily I think I went to school it's are you serious I just had lunch with Alan a couple weeks ago great guys still looks pretty good yeah he was always a clown and he grew up a little bit okay where's here's our survey sir ready can you handle this sure handle the pressure here's Ron and Ron I was really in film back before Diaz his wife got sick and they were on the other station and they had flipper and fast daddy and and I think they had a lot better chemistry then I just the show doesn't turn me on now I think they need a dry humor dead guy like Diaz on there to a play so I'm very soon he'd true yeah so you say thumbs thumbs down yeah come on give my thumbs up give my thumbs up all right I'm a little a little a little time say girl time say can't do it okay here's what you're much more old a third the news guy news to me is if you can't have if you can't have the girl that used to be on there forget it and you mean Jennifer Jennifer Renn was the best oh my god come on come on I broke Daniels I like her Karen Kay wow you want to talk about a flaming bloody and gorgeous hemorrhide glad you like her and the jingles and rejoins all this great John Ford business that is just about as good okay okay thanks very much to give Alan a big kiss for me I will no tongue okay we have an open line of braward 767 hey Jews like tongue okay it's kosher how can tongue be kosher oh woo every tongue no me either but like it all delies like our friends at wolfies I mean if you like a good tongue they'll give you some seriously every great delie in fact even you go you I hate to admit this you go to Italy they're big into tongue and the delies too so how about a little tongue action they're just for all times say a cuck and we do it or not can we get it up 1127 at W.Y.D. here's something we know you can get up some good water coming out of your tap and very easily all you have to do is make one easy call to aqua thin and one triple eight water 21 they all send an expert to your house who knows water inside and out not some jackass not some more on with a flip chart is going to give you a big song to dance and double talk and then peddle you some moronic little filter that needs to be changed every five minutes we're talking about the very best water filtration system in the universe just like the one I got under the sink in my house in fact you look at it and you can see this is not some toy okay it is real heavy duty stuff and it makes the water coming out of your tap pure I mean a hundred percent completely pure no chlorine no bacteria no sediment no crap just great tasting pure water you can fill up those jugs and the ones that you put the refrigerator too and just to have an endless supply of great fresh cooled rick and water all the time and for cooking too of course so instead of squandering all your hard and money on expensive bottled water this is the smart way to go aqua thin for 17 years they've been around doing it right so you know these aren't Johnny come lately you see there pick up the phone and call them they don't forget for a limited time you get a free filtration system in your bathroom with any aqua thin system you buy that's a $200 value so call John over there for details right now this is the official water purification company for the dolphins tomorrow and the panthers for Neil Rogers and for anybody else with a brain call one triple eight water 21 today 1 8 8 8 water 21 6 10 W I O D wonderful I'll do do I pooped my pants 6 10 W I O D congratulations get a life imaginary you have a brand new style too we love the way you want to do with the make me on your chest and please can hier es who's with this beat ofIVE ling stars poeke Oh! Oh! 1133 at W-I-O-D, I'll tell you this way in our world so it's going over bigger than Halavay until I've lived today. It's great. Thank you so much. Even Harry Peanus came back for more. And the food too. Anyway, so I'm factoring in some of these<|zh|><|zh|><|zh|><|zh|><|zh|> too, so if the numbers don't drive, those of you who are busy bodies keep in track at home and try to make sure that I'm giving you the right numbers. I'm not going to waste my time going through all the facts since I got a pile over here and facts as to. We got piles. Believe me. So let's see, give you an interim update so far. In case you're joining us in midstream we're doing a very important scientific research here that I've been commissioned to do to find out the new W-I-D. We're not, you know, I mean, for you to do on your own show and ask you like me, I'm at self-aggrandizing anyway, in addition to which we don't want no negative votes. And the same with the Rick and Sides, they're like them and yours truly, they were the only things left from the older Ray G. So it don't count. We're talking about all these great new things, the new packs and things like Ron and Ron. So far, three thumbs up and 13 thumbs down. As in, they're starting slow, but they're building. William, it's tied, I better take another facts here. Okay, let's take the next facts and untie that. Ron and Ron thumbs down. William Robert thumbs up. He's ahead, 98. Just to piss off George with the mouthful of food. Brooke Daniels, a small thumb up. We'll take any thumb. Karen K th uh, thumbs down. Same boring topic, the entire show. And the jingle thumbs down. Let's see, Karen K so far, she's got, oh, thumbs up, none and 15 down. Brooke is doing well. She's got 12 up and four down. And the jingle is two up and 15 down. Okay. All right, it's 1135 at W-I-O-D. At least we got the audience involved in the radio station. Again, we know that this is much too inside. And it's much too, you know what I'm saying? It's too in like everything else I do. But at least we're getting them involved again in this place. Even though they've learned to hate it. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Meal? Yes, I am. Good morning. Are you calling to participate in our scientific survey? Yes, and then you made me hungry. I'm going to have to go over the bread. Cause we're right through the wings. Excellent. Good choice. You're all man. There you go. And give my big kiss for us. Okay. Okay. You're still your picture still there. I know. That old fat picture makes me feel better. Okay, Ron and Ron surf thumbs up or thumbs down. Oh, heavy down. William Turd, Millford. Better all the time. Okay. Ha ha ha. George is spinning around like that guy in at the stupid Eric Vagosian movie. Brook Daniels. Hop. Big one up. Rock, Karen K. Put her in the ground. Okay. Are you first? And jingles and rejoins the new W-I-D production. Same thing. Okay. Have a great meal. See you soon. Okay. There's a guy we got him on a way to win right now. Okay. Because there ain't nothing is good. Man, oh man. It's like that sausage lady that we had that bid before. These white hots. Oh, man. Woo. We, in fact, I have to. I have to sit here and think really twice. You know, I'm sitting here looking at that big cardboard cutout of Enrique. And I got this white hot here right on my plate in front of me. And I have to really think very, very long and hard about which one is perfect. So hard. Yeah, kind of looks that way. Here is Fort Pierce. Hello. Okay. Hello. Yes, sir. I want to participate. In Fort Pierce. Yes. A great place to be fraught. I have to drive around old during the day just to catch your signal. Well, good for you. How about the other stage? Now, do I want to mention which one is that coming in? No. No. No? I really haven't tried it. Well, give it a shot. But I've vied, miss you. I moved here about six months ago when I miss you. Yeah. Okay. I'm moving up there pretty soon. Yeah. Okay. Ron and Ron thumbs up or thumbs down, sir. Those degenerates thumbs down. Okay. We're nothing worse than degenerates. William Robert Schwartz, the third. And we deemed himself 100% when he reported that the police had to apprehend the pervert before he went blind. Yeah. Thumbs up. Okay. Um. Um. Okay. I just had a little sausage in my mouth. Brooked angles. Yeah. Too Jewish. Okay. Thumbs down. I'm a little bit too. How about the left? You like Brooks laugh. Yeah. Right. Moving along. Karyn K. The worst. And the jingles and rejoins. The old, the oldy, moldy 50s music jingles. Terrible. Give them an ax. Okay. Good luck, pal. Thank you. Have a great life. This guy called. I'd like that because he cares enough to try to save W. I. O. D. I think we ought to be really honored and impressed by the fact that there were so many people see this is what it's all about. I hate to break the news to people like Walter Sabo all these experts. All these people think they see this ain't Orlando. This ain't Tampa, not Orlando. It's not clear water. It's not Jacksonville. It's not Jacksonville. Florida or Sarah Carolina. It's not Memphis. It's not even because of him. This is Miami. He makes the audience. This is a part of their lives. It's so boring here and believe me when I tell you that we make this a very important part of their lives. That's what it's all about. So you can think it's really inside. You can think it's so whatever you want to think, but believe me, this is the bread and butter. This is the meat and potatoes. I think I'm choking on that right now. Or is it just a bacon? Oh boy, these are good. Man, oh man. Yeah, I started to gag it on a white hud just a second ago in the middle of that call before we tried to apologize profusely. Although I noticed a cardboard cutout started smiling. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, now are you doing great. I like to participate in you, sir. Okay, sir. Ron and Ron. I love him. All right. William Robert Schwartz III. Hey, he's okay. Okay. Broke Daniels. I like him. Karen Kaye. He's a sick bitch. And the jingles and read joins. Ah, throw him away. Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you. So much for your very selective choice of terminology there. So those are guy who basically likes everything except Karen and the jingles. Well, that's not bad. Ah, that's a good start. I think if we just loosen Karen up a little bit, centered on a Wayne Arnolds. I had one in my mouth once. Here's Hollywood. Hello. I'd like to participate. Yeah, sir. That's room down, Neil. I know. I just, I don't know why I did that. I apologize for doing that to you. I just don't. Ron and Ron. Fuck. Okay. William Dodd the Tird. Ah, okay. King William the Tird. They like this guy. Let's see. That's 10. He's pulling away George. It's 10. It's 13. I didn't do that. George, don't be patchkin' or you better watch yourself. Brooked Daniels. Okay. Okay. That's 15 to five. Brook is safely ahead. She be doing it. Karen Kaye. Triple. Fuck. And she does have a lecture in her mouth, by the way. This, she and the jingles well evidently it worked. And the jingles and rejoins. Watch. Triple. Fuck. Okay. That ball I have to say. Thank you for your educated opinion and have a great day. And God bless you. We have an open line in Broward, 767 WOD. The lines are smoking today and I think some of the people inside the building may be smoking. And my guts are starting to twist from this great food from this great lunch. Let's see from Cliff and, um, real, Cliff and something. What the hell kind of a name is then? Ron and Ron. All right. Thank you. So I'm putting that down. Oh, the news guy likes a lot. It's George. Okay. That's it. We're taking George's weeny away. Brook Daniels dead topics. Nice laugh. I don't, yeah. What is it? I guess they don't like her. Karen. Killer. The jingles. Kill him. Okay. Thank you so much. Here's another facts. Ron and Ron. It says no way. It says in big letters. No. Uh, a Billy Bob, a mouthful of the turd. It says no. Okay. There you go, George. There's one. Karen K. It's got a big thumbs down as in. No. Okay. What about Brook? Did I do Brook? I don't have Brook. Oh, here it is. No. They don't like her either. And the jingles and rejoins. It's got a humongous, gigantic. No. Thank you so much. Who's that from? Listen, we'll take it. We'll take it. Here's Joe at Gagliati in instrument labs. In the Hialia. How do you like that? When is the as Joe? Jose. Ron and Ron thumbs down. The news third guy thumbs up. Brook Daniels down. So I wonder why Rick Riley was sucking around with him so much yesterday. He must have taken his own survey. I have never heard such shameless suction. I told Rimmer on the phone yesterday. Even he has never sucked anything so hard. As Rick Riley sucked William shorts his Jones turds the a turd yesterday. That's really a clock. What was supposed to be like a two minute newscast turned into a ten minute newscast because Rick insisted out reading a story about how William milled for the turd saved somebody's life with a home. Whatever that was with home deep. Was that what it was? With the kidney? Oh, with the kidney thing. And just just herniating the suction. I am embarrassed for Rick Riley. Okay. In other words, it's one thing to come on and say good job. And I realize he's praying and hoping that he might continue to be around here after next February. But I wouldn't count on it. But I mean for him to get on here and tell William mill for the turd. Enjoy your penis. I mean, I thought that was going a little bit too far. Brook Daniels thumbs down on this one and jingles and Karen Kay also a big, big fat. No. On this one. Okay. Thank you so much Joe Jose. This is fun. This is more fun. And we've had last two days. I'll tell you that. We're looking. We're having a good meal. Harry Venus is walking around. Have a great time eating some free food. Trying to get the lay of the land here. Figure out what this place is all about. 1143 at W.I.O.D. Marlins fans. Sunshine's that works. 50s. The Marlins coverage continues tonight. The defending nationally champion Atlanta Braves are in town defending a featuring. Whatever they got. They got chipper Jones. He went that good by the way. Kenny Lofton and they got Ryan Clesco who looks a lot better than chipper. And a staff of Sion winners too. And in fact, even Tommy Glamont still looks pretty good for an old guy. Jim Leelands Marlins are loaded this season. They got Bobby Bonilla. Nice play last night. Bobby. They got Gary Sheffield. Moishi. Lou Jeff Koneine. The road to the pentacos to Atlanta and the Marlins have their sights set on the division leading Braves. They can almost still see him. Sunshine Network will showcase 14 Marlins games this month. So when may if you're looking for Marlins. Look to Sunshine Network. The same place you'll find. The Atlantic Division Champion. Miami Heat. Well, I had a tough time. So what's the point of the show? Let's show them. Let's show them. The National Champion Florida Gators in the FSU Cemeterals. Watch the Marlins and the Braves do it tonight on Sunshine Network. Starting at 7 o'clock in CY Sunshine. Be the leader in Florida sports coverage. 6. 10 WIO. The 50. 50. Hicks of today's hits. I honestly do not look at the guy's crotch until I don't. And yesterday's favorites. I got my 3 by 5 cards. I got my list of 600 hot button topics today. And we're going to make it work with a Walters Sabo Luxe that are not. How do you like that? The best variety in South Florida. 6.10 WIOD. Wonderful I'll have to make. 6.10 WIOD. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Frost ever. The best variety in South Florida. The best variety in South Florida. Fighting in South Florida. Crazy. The best variety in South Florida. Still when things have better yet Watch the stuff now, potiful Don't you move across the dance floor Grab a rope and steer that pepper near Pop that fuel, the tire to a fence post As you under those sweet nothings in her ear Now listen here You're looking good tonight See it's the quick stop double hot Flip just drop grab a mouth cow pot Show me where I'm at It's just let's still wet See if better yet watch the step cow pot Show me where I'm at 1151 at W-I-O-D Oh god this cake is good Do you see this? This is an acen cheese cake This is the real thing this is the emus In fact Dr. Bob his uh put his uh thing on his autograph Thank you so much But I'm gagging on it bacon yet Oh man it's killing me God's punishment the wrath of the Lord Ron and Ron so far gone through a lot of facts His by the way some couple are cute comments and the facts is here right? No Here's one of his Ron and Ron would go over Great Narcan so I'll get rid of those tuteless rednecks William Milford growing on me hated him the first week Oh man that's he's way ahead 22 to 12 Not even close Berk Daniels God of SW-I-O-T Wow Jingles is somebody at W-I-D brain did And then Karen Kay it says Ada's grace to Gentiles everywhere Dump now before it's too late Dump now before it's too late Sweetheart God I'm telling you that bacon is good for it Clean out everything in your lungs Here's pepper pine Hello Hello You're certain I like to put the spitting survey Okay Ron and Ron sir thumbs up or thumbs down That's the 9 and the 9 Thumbs down William the third news guide This one's good and joined listening Oh damn George quit the crap George has put in all this crap in there Brook Daniels Hey there last Supercellius Smalls Smalls Smalls Okay And Karen Kay She's taking Nukawir Down And the Jingles and the W-I-D rejoins The great John Ford Productions Two dated thumbs down Thank you sir Thank you God bless you Okay, we have an open line in the other town line Let's see so far Here's an update Just before the top of the hour Ron and Ron Seven up 510 15 2027 down They got a long road to Hoor just like the buffalo sabers man They're not done yet but close to it William Robert, Milford the Turders Coming up in a matter of moments By the way, a better cranky radio is up 510 1523A And only 12A Way ahead George Oh man Brook Daniels 17A and 16A She was way ahead earlier And now all of a sudden she needs your help I don't want to like tilt this one way But she can use A little helping hand right now She was way in the lead She was a million miles ahead of the crowd All of a sudden just what she thought she was Ha ha ha ha ha Karen K still Even after two hours of this fall The ball has I put the giant up Oh really She got the Osbot She don't have one positive vote yet None Zero Zippity Duda And she's got 510 1520 2530 No They don't know who that is 510 1520 30 Nays And no Yays And the jingles and the Regions They're four people out there who With the 10 here They say they're great And 510 1520 208 who say They suck they blow They're like from from Males Abetski's yard Which means in Chinese from 5 million years ago Here's Kendall Hello Yes sir Buenos dias Okay Ron and Ron show What is it? I would like to participate in a service Okay, but I just finished asking all the questions Oh, here we go Ron and Ron No, I want to listen to I'm more Until 10 o'clock when you start Radio Amor Radio Amor Mutom Luis Miguel No, don't lie with Miguel He's kind of like, you know, I'm calling you Oh, yeah, what? I'm calling me boy Hold me, you're home, boy So, the definitely don't like in Rica Yeah And Rica is better than Luis Can't I smash my chin? Can't And Rica is a better singer than Luis Yeah, right, that's just that A lot of credibility you're called Okay, William Milford, cured the news guy Oh, he's great All right George, George is making noises I think he's great Yeah, Brook Daniel stumps up her thumbs down Oh, only when she's laughing Yeah, you got it So I'm going to put down a yes Okay, if he can make your laugh If he can make it chuck a little bit Yeah, yeah, I like it I like it How about Karen Kcer? No, I want to go swimming Swimming Swimming Yeah, it's like you don't like the beach Like at the bottom of the ocean Yeah, yeah And the jingles and the rejoins? No, no, no, wait down I'd rather go wake out Okay Okay, my friend I'll read the air chief Ask the K your meters Okay, okay We have an open line in day six, two, two, nine, four, six, three So we got the real MS here, the Dr. Racken's cheesecake The real good stuff Mmm Mmm Which is very low in carbs Very, very, very So I should I mention on here that our friend Kobe from the Heavenly cheesecake formerly places I want to have been commissioned to make these Because he makes sure that they're all like right up to specs No, they're not selling them at specs But they're like all right up to specifications Specific cossiones And that they don't have too many carbs And he really knows this stuff How do you like that? Yeah What did I tell you? See, we don't turn your on to anybody It's sunny a phony cheesecake That it got 5,000 grams of carbs in a okay When you're supposed to be like on the Atkins diet And losing and now you got the official Which is coming up in the spot anyway Just a second But it happens to be very, very good And if I'm going to come on here and plug something like on Rikai Being real good I think I probably better tasted first 1157 the WiodD Oh System WiodD Meal Rogers While you're goofing off it work Yeah 610 WiodD Come on, let's Jesus Jesus Oh, I'm sorry Yeah, I don't say Jesus here, Jesus point Watch it about Jesus One Get a day job You know Jesus Christ was a carpenter He never saw very many paintings of him Building in and he usually sitting around Talking with the disciples So I figure he worked for the city there Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh I don't get any of you I'm talking about that I feel exactly Oh Back Oh I'd my first homosexual experience last night Oh To lesbian's beat the hell out of me Oh Out of the carbration party Oh No, you're right You're right Oh I'm not good to say I had a chicken in pain One day she flew away Oh Oh Teo on a weather moon is blue Double is blue But with our right wing censorship There are words that mustn't slid To do it how you how I feel For a day So As you see came to our Well see you a deal What a tune Now as you see came Tell her I'm a Surrey's Day And the FCC won't let me sing this So on I wrote you day now If you see came Take her hand Tell you say That after this transmission I'll be out in 90 days Oh With this decay you To honor Then I'll see you with Teo on a Goat on a Goat Got a secret Teo on a Goat Prof. 5 And WOD Here's one It says I bet you even Truman Capote never A sucked as hard What Hey how are you? Whoever you are Who is it? Checkmark Oh that was Jack Mark that Midget out there What is he coming back here Maybe he likes to come on a air Talk about what a phony he is He don't look like the guy that Maybe he was Bob Rose Maybe that isn't the guy He's a guy who is a guy He's a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is Okay, let's see where do we stand right now? We got a ton of faxes here. They are great. They are creative. We will keep those faxes coming 305 690 6440 on our this is our last hour for this. We can't do this for four solid hours. We can't know we can't This is our last hour for our big survey and then in the one o'clock hour we are going to analyze it and the survey too. We are going to two up these results and spit them out So far Karen K doesn't have one Jess not one so I guess Walt hasn't called in yet 10 20 36 Nays I think I'm going to make sure of it the other station is be the only have one DCS in the studio not in the control room I may leave any second here's Jupiter. Hello Daniel yes sir Like to survey okay, Ron and Ron don't listen to light bulb QAM and Howard Did you hear how it this morning? 630 I missed that. Oh, thank God William Moshmortish. We're at the shorts the third love them all right brook Daniels Don't listen after Okay, so Karen K you don't listen absolutely and that I think it was and the jingles and the rejoins go to hell Okay, bye to I Neil yes The creptation contest is on CD if you like I'll send you a copy of it. Oh, we got it. Oh, you do have it on But thank you so much and I got bless you and still Mark was the guarantee that he won't be cut off because Wait a minute What do you mean he wants to be guaranteed? Don't you remember writing in writing triplicate It's a ring of mine here bring that is there a microphone over there. Well, he can just dust the other mic over there Just swing it around Just bring Jack Mark in here and let's say here what he has to say it is on defense of his barbaric rotest behavior I mean if you want to make a big song today. What is that Mike for? Yes, yes, what is it is? Where is he? He's coming. How well when he gets done? Tell him to come in here Jack Mark ladies and gentlemen from marketing magic the same school person bought WSRF and here Just to think when we were gonna make a big deal for me to go over there and simultaneously show on his RF and he blew it Huh, he had the big opportunity of his lifetime. I always wanted to be on a station that was off the end of the dial. Where is this guy? Are you telling me that he don't he said that he would come in here and he'd I've got the microphone open We're sitting here Wayne came in and adjusted the seat and his microphone put a little something in the seat getting ready for him Where the hell is he? This is just like that religious nut that called me yesterday with a same bull crap, okay Can't defend your own case. You just make a lot of noise in and hide come on Jack. Let's get in here and tell the audience How you invited me to park in your spot here. He comes. He's on a way. Are we now see this isn't the guy that was just in the hallway? Over here Jack or that thing is a microphone I know you don't have any of those at WSRF because everything is probably automated and whatever I ordered one okay. What happened? I'm gonna give you an opportunity to tell us the real story on which What do you mean on which on the parking spot? Oh, yeah, this is a terrific time to do it When you want to know what else do you think I asked you in here for for your opinion? Okay, you want to take our survey? I thought we haven't coffee. Yeah, we are having coup. It's all old foods gone. I get tastes. I'm just a Rogers. Yes, first of all on the parking space. Yeah I meant when I was out of town you could have my space. Well, how would I know when you're out of town? I told my secretary to make a schedule available So when I'm out of town like I'm going to town next Thursday. Oh, I would not use your spot. No, I want you to I will not use that spot Is it a jack spread out or something like that? No, but you missed the point. What is the point? Wait, why don't I put Jack or Neil Jack or Neil when Jack's out of town But how do I say others? I have to check your schedule is it that much of a big much see it to you that I mean You have to drive the Jaguar, right? No, no, you drive BMW. Oh, be it. Well, no, one of the answers all my questions You drive a BMW made by a bunch of far-bissel of Germans Well, I used to thought I used to think it stood for British motorworks. Yeah when I was younger Yeah, and I've been driving him ever since it stands for Brown BRAUN is in Ava Yeah, but I didn't know that well, well, so now you're old enough. Oh, can I should question about there in seller right now Jack Mark wants to give away his BMW in a parking lot The first person shows up he will give you the keys in the car because he's embarrassed to be driving a Nazi mobile Yes, I should question no seriously, but let's let's back up for a second Wait, you know that signal would go straight to heaven No, yes RF. Yeah, what is it? 1900 on the dime can I take something you'll appreciate this as the foremost leading authority on AM radio Yes, maybe in a country from the world in the universe. Yeah, absolutely from here to your rain is I want you to watch this station You're not telling you that we're gonna be the biggest small station in 15 years I'll tell the crap out of it when I get over to QAM. Would you come on for a show one day? No Why because I'm gonna be under contract to another radio station? I can't do that if you two think that I would sell out people that are paying me a million dollars a year to come on some Horsecraft station with a signal that goes straight up in the air. It's not gonna be a horsecraft station How do you know that because I know because I'm a genius? Are you gonna put a van Patrick back on the air? He ain't feeling too good You know, he put that station on here. You do know that don't you know I made you know van Patrick no The late great voice of the Detroit Lions no, I put that station on the air you're kidding and he's dead You mean I don't want you to feel like the faculty didn't put the station on you not to Nagley I couldn't put he couldn't put a gas station on are you kidding me Johnson Agree is an ax murderer Yeah, you know what I promise you know what I promise that some of the people is building the words for Johnson Agree And this was just as clean a winner. He'll tell you stories about Johnson Agree a chasing people around the studio with a hammer Do you know what I promise Rona? Mad man. Yes. I told Rona. I gave her my word that I personally was that Rona wall Who knows that Rona What are you playing in the past in Miami? Oh, yeah, I promise her I promise her Yeah, I promise her that I would not do my own show Your hours while you're with I OD because I want to hurt your share and when I go to QAM you promise that you're gonna be on yourself Please I want to I want to get a commitment right here I hope your moron is dead Michael Mayo. I'll give you a better commitment than that. Okay. I'm gonna start a show Yeah, in two weeks and it's called tangle and catch and I'm gonna analyze your own That's right ever so in other words, you're gonna try to make a show out of my show another another guy wants to Siphon off of the Rogers Nervous laugh get serious Jack. You're gonna analyze the show. Do you know you don't have invented the paper clip? I couldn't hear less. Do you know what that person made? Do I know what they made the person that invented the paper clip made $37,000 now? You don't want to serrated paper clip is the little nix in it. Yeah, a little better that person made 800,000 Yeah, so if you're doing what you're doing for a million a year, why can't I make two? I don't be grudge you anything. I hope you make five minutes and then maybe you can go and another parking space on here and just give it to me permanent How would that be? Yeah, but if you go to do it. I'll come over here and park. I'll tell you have a limousine take me down there. How's that? Well, if we get real big you're gonna come back to our station to what to WSRF Yeah, we're gonna take that national You could be a star I didn't hear that you know where that thing is on a dial. It's 25 20 on the dial There's not a radio in the world. I can pick up that guy damn station and you know it You didn't look at it. It's off the end of the dial. It's so far even lard ice limbo That farther right you know that jack ask your own engineer Lino If you can't hear now, they right couldn't hear that station if you were if you had your head in the transmittio You couldn't you already told me that this morning? He won't say boy. No, say it's up in there. I think it's going to be sorry. They bought that piece of crap Why do you think passing gave it to you for a song? He's desperate to dump it You think that packs no one's any radio stations. Are you ready good? Absolutely you wouldn't know a radio station if you stuck it up is rectum. Oh, I don't think you're right Okay, okay, so in other words your first you're gonna be real rebutting me and then you're gonna be going on the kissing buddy buds No, I don't know I don't kiss anybody You know I notice well you didn't come on here to talk about the parking space and how you lied to me You came on here to plug WSRF now. What does this sale go through? This abortion that you bought when it go through by the way, Mr. Rogers. Yeah on here today and it sounds great and you own it We all made it we already took all the money made it that doesn't mean you own it. Yeah, I made it so in other words There's it's just another one of those funny deals. No, you don't want it LMA is it so I know exactly The lucky marketing yeah, it's an unlucky marketing agreement for the audience it means that grave robbers are operating the radio station A bunch of banditos not true see not true. You know what you did two weeks ago that thought was unfair What was that on your shell? By the way, I let me take care of whether you thought it was unfair. I didn't ask you to come in your critique my show I'm doing okay without your help. Okay. I'm doing okay without your help. This is not a good This is not a good shot by the way. Thanks for the nice billboards. Oh, I think they're great. They are great Keep putting them up. I love it keep putting them up. Harry wants them down, but he ain't got no clog. You know why? That goes to show you the car. He said get those down get a diamond and Jay Hokers is we're putting more up. No There's because the rassals, they know it goes to show what kind of people the packs and people are They're not gonna take your kind of people pack They're not gonna take your billboards down and say oh, I'm taking my marbles because meals go play another game Well, yes, well, wait till Bud packs and finds out your Jewish He knows the deal is off. He knows his deal is off. You're out. Why do you think he bought the station from Cox? Goi him He only buy stations from Goi him. No, he didn't good men Jewish guy. You see him. We donated to one of our My guys. He got him out of the radio business Jewish. He'll want no Jews on there He donated to one of our charity. What do you donate to plastic Jesus? No, what he did get out of here with it Okay, let's look I got one minute. Let's get back to the parking spot. Why did you offer? Which I thought was a very peculiar But very nice thing. Let's go. I don't know you from a mushy puppet. I'm walking out to my child Weeks ago and you said if I'm not an at spot any day you want part you can park there. It was an error in communication No, no, but you said it wrong. I didn't do anything wrong. You I want you to apologize for saying it wrong If I understood that I had to look at your schedule to see when you were out of town use you spot I would have slept the car running with the keys in and of course my 97 vet I would have just left it running out on the road there. I would have run in check with 85 secretaries and seen if you were out of town or not Why didn't you tell me that okay? I cannot apologize for your failure to understand what I was saying But I will say it's a big sand squid Well, you didn't understand what the school board did get nice. I don't care about or you're gonna be talking about the school board on The surf. Oh, thank God. No, no, no, no, you want to put the light bulb off the map No wonder buddy, but got rid of that thing you said something on Passover on pace off. Yeah, that was in there Right pace of is pretend to be a real Jew pace off. Yes, you said something that was inaccurate like what? You failed to tell the public when you did your show that I reason that the school board's a liar and the reason to school board Selected that day to be a teacher's worth nothing worse than because they knew that so many people Just got the street to shoot the corner of a sterling there in the 440 want to talk to the Indians There's nothing worse than being an Indian giver. I want an apology right now from you that you know They that you got all been under shape. I mean even if you were upset that I was probably going there in a wrong day Why didn't you at least come me some slack and say he misunderstood? Instead of putting a note on my beautiful car on my beautiful Corvette and running around a building like an Napoleon here like a Jewish Napoleon Well, I got your attention tonight. You got my attention so you could come in here and plug your radio station and good luck to it Well, I appreciate that, but I will say this about parking space because it wasn't misunderstood. Yeah, I'm gonna give my secretary my schedule And I meant what I told you I didn't mean park for the whole shift meal. Oh, just for a few minutes I'm a busy working guy to a 5 million year you could have my spot forever. Yeah, so when I grow up and I'm a big boy in successful How about if I pay for your spots since it sounds like you're really hard up for cash How about if I paid you for the yes spot? How much? I'll bring in some lira how about 10,000 lira? I don't know what they are exactly. Okay, Jack. Thanks very much Okay, Jack Mark there 12 18 a W I O T I 610 W I O D she'll never see the light of day What happens in your bedroom is your own private business, but if you're gonna start looking at movies and you're sick I'm just bottom line you're a psycho. I I You know like I said I don't like it, but I don't want again Chris And I don't want to force my religion upon you. Yeah, please No, that's the way see I tend to trust people who watch pornography before I trust born again Christians Karen K. We can I 610 W I O D 610 W I O D wonderful I'll do do I poop my pants six 10 I W my pie O D okay, it's 12 20 a W I do one more time come on. I poop my pants So we're getting facts is up the old breakfast here today. I'll tell you they're great and by the way That was Jack Mark from Magic Marketing on here from WS RF 1900 on your radio dial Just keep twisting it and twisting it and twisting it and Yankee getting pulling it and your dial too And you might hear it. It's entertainment radio. Hey, I hope it makes a lot of money is Jewish Okay, here's the survey Ron and Ron used to be a camel out now more like a garage sale. Okay. No, no, no a big fat No William the turret excellent big ego not afraid to tango tango with the on the eartown Not tango but tango. I never danced with him, but I understand this is a great two step Brook Daniels love to listen to her wine on the while I'm on the turnpike. Okay, likes that turnpike stuff brook Karen K no Come on, it's gotta be one Something put in a call to water. Say, boy up there in New York or wherever they're hanging out. No. No. No Let's see better suited for announcing job at a local bingo hall Karen it says the jingos Yes, likes the jingos grommets of time on Miami was great. Okay 100 years ago Here's one that says let's have it on a year chess game We can play for up to five hours. We'll hold all the calls and the spots till one of us wins. Okay, great What is this what the hell is this just the crap? Okay, Ron and Ron this one won't say stumps down William the turret. They love him Rick and suds thumbs up, but they're not a thing Karen K another dog. He's thumbs down and Brook Daniels down Let's see Brook is I think fallen what is she 21 do in 19 for eight close. She's hanging on Here's a fact that says the demise of Wiod started when but that's not bud, but but Paxon Took over the same thing happened to the Panthers when Stu was traded there. You go there's a good parallel There's an old adage that states if an eight broke don't fix it didn't fill the wisdom with these terrible jingos as a joke That's right now the whole station is a joke how many times how many times an hour do you think to phrase Wiods 610 radio needs to be said how fawny exclamation point as for Ron and Ron I have my radio set on 610 wake up at 530 sports overnight is great with the brody by the bay As soon as I hear the music for Ron and Ron I bolt out of bed to turn off the radio They suck and I don't mean that in a good way. I think that's a thumbs down. Brook is okay for a jab That's a thumbs up William Millhouse needs William Millhouse the third needs a witch doctor to shrink his swollen head What a group off. Will you stop? Now you get this is getting like the caring case show now. What is stupid sound effects stop it? Rick is a turd well. We know that we're not taking a poll on that. It's beyond debate and If you see K tell her she's going to be to effort way to the top of something for a job She needs to set her standards higher than okay. She sucks and what's the other one? The jingos. Okay. I'm ready to go. Okay. There you go. Excellent. Thank you, George and Mary in the falls Here's one that says Ron and Ron thumbs down. They're not doing good the turd thumbs down Brook Daniels thumbs up. Karen K. Amay Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Ha ha ha, Major thumbs down historically smelly bitch lyre and I won't read the rest. Okay, and the new jingos They like it thumbs up Got a few of those people that got like a 10 year here's one Ron and Ron Here's the thumb it's going to have direction. Of course. It's got a picture of a doctor with ao I don't want to go into that The hemorrhoid winning journalist thumbs up they love them George Karen K. He never heard the show so that's good. She's got six of those the jingles a big thumbs down and brook Daniels unfortunately for brook another one in a down position Here's one that says Ron and Ron okay the new Ron blows, but it's okay Where the hell are they are they on oh here they are? Billy Bob the turret they like it they like it brook Daniels very good Karen K. She sucks sucks and No jingles no jingles get rid of those jingles There's only one person out there to want to hear uh jingles that be honest with you Where the hell is he already where is my my my look at him even he don't like the jingles Ron and Ron it says they suck the turret is okay brook Daniels is okay Karen K. It says I feel sorry for her The new gingle sucks G. Ing. I Lee the new gingle must be Italian and On and on because here's one that says let's see William Schwartz mill for the turret thumbs up Ron and Ron a big thumbs down brook Daniels. Hey What is that half and half I'll give her an up just because I feel like a Karen K. Two thumbs down below give her one and the jingles I go okay. Thank you me So there we go and We're gonna do what is it? It's the 12 o'clock hour. We'll go to one o'clock then and they want to clock our Well, I sector will digest it. We'll give you all a result. We'll publish it in the newspapers This is one hell of an important survey and man that that discussion with Jack Mark really did something for me I'll tell you you know what did Give me heartburn. He did that or Wayne Arnold or both We have an open line on the out of town line by the way one triple eight four seven four nine four six three Here's four lotterdale. Hello Neil yes sir. Okay. I like to do a survey Ron and Ron. Okay. Sok okay William the turd Excellent but their maples Brooke Daniels excellent Karen K Complete lunatic jingles and rejoins. Stop. Okay. Thank you sir The Lord bless and keep it See ya. We have an open line of Broward 767 9463 767 W ID Pork Karen come on somebody now. We don't want to we don't want to tilt the survey 10 20 30 40 40 4 we do have sick their 50 votes so far 44 hate or like poison and six have never heard to show other than that and they positive column is a big oh How do you like that? That is unbelievable that that's just unconscionable. That's it and don't say that I'm like the one that's tilting the surveys We'd art because William mill for a mill house to the turd He's like way ahead 10 20 35 to 15 he is got an insurmountable lead George Insurmountable lead whether you like it or not and he don't George hates him George hates you William Rob whatever your name is 12 20 and by the way See it's seeing any you hate him like poison and Rick is just looking him from head to toe I mean Rick just loves him. Rick just adores him. It worked. Rod staff is baby. I think 12 27 a Wio D now you can have your cake and eat it too the doctor. Actions low carbohydrate cheesecake Which I just finished a two small pieces by the way two rather large pieces and it's damn good stuff Dr. Rackens the creator of the wildly successful atkins died has created the only authorized doctor atkins cheesecake with only three grams of carbohydrate Preserving it's the perfect treat for the low carb diet. It's plus the doctor Rackens cheesecake is rich It's creamy. It's delicious Dr. Rackens developed the cheesecake to meet his rigorous demand so you know you can enjoy it and that you're within your died guidelines But if you want to make sure you're getting the real thing be sure. Look for the doctor act in signature right there on the label So that you know what's the MS you can have your cake and eat it to with Dr. Rackens low carb cheesecake and try the other great Dr. Rackens products like lipo lycia his delicious protein drink and the atkins baked mix for pancakes You can call to find the sternorous you that carries all this good stuff or to find out about home delivery Just sit on your ass and call one triple eight doctor atkins. That's one triple eight doctor That's one eight eight eight D. R. A T K I N S got it and be sure and look for the doctor atkins signature on the label on the box So you know you're getting the real thing that's some rip off one eight eight eight D. R. A T K I N S six damn W I O D the topic today. Why don't we get phone calls We're sorry six 10 W I O D you son of a bed hi there boys and girls Today is done the very extra special friends that by show us all about something really special I remember the door right now Come on in this like Mac Oh By something I wanted to show you Oh, I wonder where it is it looks like looks like a octopus with a cut-off It's me back boy Can I touch it sure go ahead Run your hands Hey, like you What's this right here that is my ball pipe? What do you do with the blow pipe you blowing it lad the blow You put your mouth around it on your blow Okay, can I do that? Would you like to blow my pipe? Can I sure get it okay Come on You got to put your mouth around it. No, don't be afraid. It's not going to break All right, like like this Hey, that's a boy Stick around the way down you throw It's getting bigger. Hey, it means you're doing it right What's this over here? That's mid-shanta What do we do with that? What you do with that lad is you put your both hands on it you cover the hole and you're Run your hands up and down the shaft real quick Oh Hey Hey, run your hands up and down it there No, what you want to do lady Is you want to blow on the pipe? You want us Queez the bag nice and gentle and then you want to run your hands up into the shaft real quick Okay, all together all at the same time. Okay, he'll be good. Good lady Hey, that's good lad Sure Keep more no harder laden harder Squeeze the bag Please mom Run your hands up and down the shaft Quick faster Run your hands up and down the shaft No Close Oh Do you play I'm a boy Come on Oh Okay You can do that again After the kiss me brother Brother old tool Okay, 233 a Wiod happy Thursday We got another half hour of this insanity And then we can add all these up again tabulated We can bring in the price water house people to certify this and certify the audience And certify the management for putting some of these people on the air and then we'll figure it out Here's Miami, hello Hey, need a high dollar today. Great I'll take care of survey if you like to participate in our award-winning survey lady That's right. Okay. Here we go. Ron and Ron They suck I'll reduce it to Howard Uh, William Mood, Mill House deterred No, don't like it Broke Dan Will you stop brook Daniels? I like her. Okay. Here in Kay I see a new career and this game comes to mind Jingles and rejoins No, don't like that either Mood just grass you as thank you. I'll read your energy My gosh, we have an open line in date 622 WOD This is all straightforward. This is scientific. This is the emis Make no mistake about it So how'd you like that jackmarka WSRF by the way 2800 on your AM dial Programme it digitally 3600 on your AM dial It's the entertainment reports. He's got that signal all fixed up boy He's making a kill on over there and on the days when he's out of town If I check with a secretary I can be happy on a regular using this pocket space Real close to the expressway there where somebody can throw a brick by the way Here's a point point to be chill. Oh, hi. Good afternoon Neil Buenos Bon pommetillo. Yeah Ready to take your survey ready to rock and roll, huh? Ready. Okay. Here we go. The Ron and Ron show. No, no way The William the third news. Yes, right come. How you go George? Brooked annuals. Yeah, very good. Karen K. No, no way and our new jingles are new old jingles. No, they got to go. Okay, sir Have a wonderful life. Thank you and back to you Boy, this is the way to get these people out of their uh doldrums band. This is a great day What a great way to kill a Thursday tomorrow. We got all requests Friday And then we got vacation a couple of weeks and after that who knows After that Did all I'm saying after that who knows lady maybe we'll just be uh, you know Squeezing the old bag blowpipe For a few months who knows what's going on you never know with these people with these go. I'm here is a lady in Miami. Hello Hello Neil are you a lady are from it? It's his lady in Miami on to my god. It's a miracle No, I told George the f. Up. This isn't the virgin Mary is it? Okay, let's go sir. Duran and Ron ready of program William only two worse and Ron and Ron and Mike Mike and Merck and Chico Ress Excellent how that only uh only Ron and Ron have more hair there you go William Millhouse next in the turd the worst Worked Daniels she's all right Karen K the worst and the jingles and the rejoins and it okay Neil yes, I'll go a little hockey with it. Yes last night I pulled it over to my parents off and they've got a big dish Right what a difference in the CBC Covered on right you got to see a real broadcast there with Bob Cole and Harry Neil and Ron reclaimed and Don Sherry on coaches corner and What a great game too. It really was I mean I only caught the first period and then I had to go but I wish you would have seen the third period man three two Colorado's ahead Edmonton ties it up Kelly bookburger the moonman He gets the time goal and then would like four minutes left. They get the winning goal. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I saw this morning That's you bet that Ryan Smith kid boy. That's a player for you Another thing you think Edmonton really has a shot to beat him or no, I'm I'm hoping I'm pulling for Edmonton, but to be honest with you It's it could be tough yeah, but at least they're putting up a hell of a battle in order to say yeah Hey, oh after didn't look too swift in the old for security He's wondering man his wand red days are coming back. I like it have a great day Pat yeah The best in history Hey, really is it hilarious. Okay, look out for that chatter. Okay, so yeah, remember any chander We have an open line in day six to two nine four six three Six two two W out in here. I always thought any chander was Jewish Here's Kendall hello I'm going to yes, man. How you doing? I'm doing great how you be oh I'd be fine. All right. I want to participate Okay, let's participate Ron and Ron. Jacket. Okay William the turd. Oh he's great See George not only do they like it George How about Brooke Kieran K oh Do you speck and the jingles the Wild the John Ford production company? Are you kidding? Okay, it's a great day All right, you thanks, but be seen you Be seeing you. How's the person they do in house Patrick McGowan do what we need him huh? I'm gonna go home and watch 400 episodes of the prisoner today just for the hell of it. Okay So anyway, we had the not slanting lady started off We've had no other comment about the fact that not slanting was back on her last night because we were hockey intensive I only saw like about 40 minutes total of it and it was so it's great What's what's not to like and then of course we had the body floating in the pool because he was drunk out of his mind and Vaseline valley and whatever to help Valvall Valvalline she pushed him and the actin And didn't realize that he fell as ass in a pool. He's dead as a door nail and now we're gonna have a big song To dance about that and they're gonna have to bring back Mac to investigate because he's running off because Caryn's getting ugly as hell because Michelle leaves 85 years old. It was great picked it up just where we left it off Didn't see Pat Peterson though, dammit. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello Yes, sir. I'd like to take the survey you would like to take the exam. Yeah, Ron and Ron. Oh, there was Okay, William the turd. I'm believe it would be great only still Andrew could do better than that Brook Daniels Terrible sure my he reminds me you reminds you of a Randy road and a like terrible Oh Okay, Karen K. Oh, they can't even describe how bad that is. This is probably bad and the jingles Yeah, the jingles I just want to tell you Neil the jingles are like pretty bad at all that But there was one today. I don't know who's a rejoiner what that showed me have a sense of humor When they said you don't have to have Neil Rogers on to have a successful talk radio show I couldn't believe they did that. Yeah, so what do you say? So I'm saying in general they're pretty allows me but that shows the head of the sense of humor or maybe they're even serious well maybe they really believe that let's hope it's real soon have a great day and that was on before that that's metric there that would talk to you about it's park is boss yeah jackmark yeah he sounds a little insecure really put them all week well turn over to nineteen ninety on your dial right now and you're going to hear some amazing crap yeah okay just get a fire get a gas mask okay I'll read it air to you yeah wsrf i'm gonna promote the hell out of that station and put that damn light bulb right off the uh thing right off the dial except one crag is on there's a good guy's crag-worthy okay you can turn off i also have a momma here it says you're you're permitted to turn off fourteen hundred all day long until eight to midnight when crag-worthy's on a rest of the day went and doubt shut it off until alas to grow a small pair and by the way they still haven't done his contract I understand they still the past and people are still diddling around and their rumors that vagus is calling again they just can never doesn't sound familiar George huh doesn't sound familiar just like things that we went through just when you think that everything is all done or after they just can't quite get their act together because like ronna once said to me we're not too good on contracts boy talk about the master of understatement and underwear we're not too good on contract oh god is she something you heard me here's a lady mobile and Davey hello hi yes ma'am i'm ready to part two so pay okay ready to hop right in here yep run and run direct a d re with a capital d and a k at the end William high in the himler the third okay okay okay Daniels uh funny funny cute funny cute funny uh okay Karen k idiotic moronic and made me a believer that it is possible to sleep your way to the top and the jingles and rejoins it's a horrible okay thank you so much see how panelists that was see you bye okay we see we got a lot of people out here ordinarily our real posses would never call in tango with metango with me because they don't like dancing with the fact I guess but ordinarily like I said we wouldn't hear from them but today doing a survey we get them calling in here so there's a method to my madness okay even though it may sound like we're just here to kill four hours today and you got that right you got that right baby because what they all else is the purpose of these shows are we gonna save the world from itself are we gonna reform and kind are we gonna solve all the problems of society you better believe we are and that's gonna happen in the next hour but in this hour we're doing something else next hour we're gonna talk about that guy with that nine thousand dollar engagement ring and and the other thing that she was talking about the two bull likes and that kid in fact that's gonna be a new sitcom on ABC next year put them right back on top two bull likes and a kid here's a western hello on a mobile western western's gone western on a mobile on a purple line that mobile one was paying for his gun oh my god we have an open line on the mobile one line at found iod 1242 a w iod 16 double yod the 50 50 mix of today's is to be riding the limo right on the fenders can I say we're going to mount her and dress her what it's a little deer talk okay now with those hunters too good yeah and yesterday's favorite she's up with nailed and is rusted and how could you have pomsundae what are you gonna have rists how about limprist sundae the best variety in south forward 16 w iod field our PEN 16 wicejEND hold And they got nice on their feet. I never saw the house smelling so nice. Now I'll have the lower my asking price. Nothing but containers, my unbeds. All of them weird. All of them deaths, yes. Who have swaying by by? Going to Syria, Syria, we die. Paul 47 and WWE, we have our critical final minutes of this survey because we've had 56 votes so far and there's a column in here that is blank. Nobody else is even close to blank. There are six who say we never heard that show at night, but there are 50 votes on Karen K and they all say they hate her like poison. Oh, each and every one. What do you got there? Okay, here we go. Here's the facts. Ron and Ron, listen once, painful thumbs down. Okay. Karen K, they should bring back pop. They should bring back public hanging. All right. Rectom. Yeah. Brook getting better thumbs up. There you go. R a millford, almost entertaining thumbs up. And we miss Phil. There we go. Thank you so much. That's the Alliance Professional Photo Land. Thank you so much. Here's another one. The survey. This one says our survey. Oh, that's what you know we should have been doing this all day long. Damn it got on my slow. Now that we're almost done. Yeah. Well, there's that bill that they like to. It fits in with the format. Let's see, Ron and Ron just a small thumbs up. Now we'll put up big one there. They need it. They're dying over here. William Millford, the turret, a big thumbs up. But I tell you they love him. Brook, a big thumb up. Karen K, a big thumb down. And the jingles bigger, a bigger thumb down. Even bigger than Aaron K. It says I'm too scared to call in. But papa, beep beep beep. My youngest son is gay. He loves listening to you too. Also like Rick and son. Okay. There you go. Let's see. Here's a piano. A water piano piece on Michelle Hillins. What does that say? I'm a human penis. I don't know what that is. Okay. There you go. So we're right up to date and we only got like ten minutes, eight minutes, seven minutes to go. Until we're through with this and she's got seven minutes to go to get one ye vote. Can't you think she's going to get one? No. Oh my god. Is that going to be embarrassing or what? That's going to be mortifying in it. Do you really believe she's going to get one positive before one? No. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Thank you. Take my call and do the audio. And thanks for calling 610 WIOD. I like to do your survey. Okay. Ron and Ron. Okay. That's a yes. Okay. William Schwarz. Look. Look. This guy loves him. Okay. Brook Daniels. Down. And Karen Kay. I'd like to be the first to vote thumbs up for her. I can't. Thumbs down. And the jingles. Bag. And have a great day. Thank you so much. Okay. He wanted to do it just because he's got such a soft spot in his thing. But even he couldn't do it. He wanted to do it. He was praying he could do it. And he said I can't do it. I can't lie that bad. 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 50, 3 to nothing. 53 to nothing with six extensions. 53 to nothing. What are the odds of that? Just somebody. Just somebody out of pity. I didn't even want to say a little calling along distance. This guy's in your her for its voice. Here's dear field. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey. Can I think of your clue? Ready? Yeah. Ron and Ron show. Sir. William of the third news guy. He's all right. Brook Daniels. Sir. Karen K. You only found that she is up. Isn't her ass? Okay. And the jingles and rejoins. Sir. Okay. Take a look. With me. And had to do with the agitating collar and that idiot from cemetery village that Melrose Guy. Melrose, play sky. Isn't that said? So he got at least a kill a few minutes on her show. I feel very honored now. Feel very proud that we killed a few minutes. Even though there were many lies told, especially about calling being touched with them to syndicate my show. Isn't that interesting since it was the other way around? Oh, yeah. We think, yeah, right. Let's talk to David Katz up there in New York and see who called whom. Okay. Let's cut the bull crap and see who called whom. Who was interested in representing the aradrisa? You bull crap artists. Too bad to movie loss money. Too bad to movie loss money. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Bokeh. Hello. When is this? I need to take the survey. Okay. Ron and Ron. Couple of Jericho's. William the Tird. I like them. Brook Daniels. I love Brook. Keren K. Sweaty do beg. And the jingles. Oh, the jingles of the lamp. Okay. Hey, Neil. Can I call somebody to respect? Yeah. Can, mentally, your hockey plan. Law dispensing. Sagar smoking do the beg. A puckhead. That's right. Thank you. You're welcome. Okay. We have an open line. We had a ton of 10. 52. We only got about three four minutes of this. And then we're going to be done. Then we're going to be done in the last hour. We're going to unload on you. Some of the most incredible numbers. And the news guy by the way, William, Milhaos, Nick's in the third. Who will not acknowledge me because I said yesterday. Because I said yesterday something that he got very uptight and upset about. Okay. Like. What an absolute asshole you are. Which I thought. If you write into that particular newscast. There's almost anyone he does. And he got all been out of shape about that. But they still love him. He's way ahead, George. I'll give you the number the next hour. But just suffice it to say he's going to win big. Yeah. Too bad. Okay. Quit playing a crap in there. I'm telling you. You better watch yourself, Mr. Little Spick. Little grease ball. That that CT. He's looking for a job out here. Yeah. In fact, I mentioned that to me the other day about that producer's job. A QA. I wanted it. Yeah. Here's Hylia. Hello. He's a cop with job. Yes sir. I've been listening to you since my junior year in high school. I don't need to take no free and service. I'm always calling. And now you're 85. No, come on. Okay. Okay. Take it. I got this right. Ron, Ron. Really early. Okay. Yeah. Brooked annuals. No. Keren K. Hell no. And the jingles and rejoins. You got you have to do what you have to do. All right. Keep the jingles for you. Just until you leave. And then after that burn up. So that they don't have them. So what does that mean? Well for now. Okay. And what else? Oh. Avalanche, order thing. Wouldn't it be the advantage to the defending team who was actually getting a goal put into the, you know, into their net to push the opposing player into the crease so that the goal doesn't get allowed? Good point. Another reason that the rule sucks. All right. See you. Good night. Later. I'll read it out. Sure. Good night. See you. Okay. Let's get to these other ones here. Oh, look who we got. I never have to wait. Here's Boint and Beach. Hello. Yeah. They all want to take you serve it. Okay. Ron and Ron. Terrible. William O'Tird. He's great. Brooked annuals. Lover. Keren K. I like her. Keren K. Somebody got to give her a vote. I can. I want an honest. Answer. I'd rather have Gilbert. Jingles and rejoins. I love the jingles. Okay. I see. I knew he was full of crap. I mean, I would put it down if he was sincere, but you could tell. He almost broke in a laughter. Okay. Couldn't keep a straight push on the phone. It's one thing you can't keep a straight face. You know, face to post. But he couldn't keep a straight face on a phone. Speaking of a straight push. Okay. I like to take the survey. Yeah. Bet you would. How about taking two aspirin instead? Let's go. You ready? I'm going to be handle a pressure. Yes. I doubt it. Ron and Ron. Down. Wait in the third. Excellent. Rook Daniels. No way. Keren K. Stand major show on INZ with a touch of femininity. Now. And the jingles and rejoins. If you like dick, the campaign, then you like the jingles. Okay. No. Good. I thought I'd hear all along. I thought he didn't know dick. So let's see. Should we be lived dangerously? Do one or two more quickly here? I mean, we got to give her a chance. We got to give her a chance. I mean, you can't possibly strike out. Every dog has its day. There's an old saying. If you throw enough crap up here sooner or later or some of it. We'll come down and hit the ground. I mean, there's got to be somebody out there. Somebody. We just hope they don't get in the next minute. Here's Hiley. Hello. Yes, sir. Good afternoon, sir. I like to take the survey. Put on in that. Okay. Thanks for the recommendation for the Emerald Coast. Oh, great place. Probably see the worst Sunday. Go on Saturday. There's no blue here. It's on Saturday. Really? Yeah. Like I said, probably see Saturday. There you go. Okay. Wrong. I know. No. No redneck humor. I'm the third. I'm like the other guy without Jennifer forget it. Brook Daniels. Yes. Karen Kay. The worst park radio ever heard in my life. And the jingles. Okay. That's it. I mean, I tried. I tried like here like milk as long as I could. I squeezed it. I acted. That's it. Nothing left. So we'll tabulate the molder in the newscast with award winning journalist. Now he didn't even know what award he wanted. He won the seal of approval from the IOD audience award. In spite of the fact that George is highly pissed off about it. Adam is not too happy about it. Wayne is foaming at the mouth about it. And Rick is like tickling himself. He's so happy. Rick loves him. In fact, I heard him yesterday say. I wanted it. He likes it because there's a wife likes it. Oh, Rick's wife likes like he's a Rick's former. Oh, I see. She is wife thinks that he's Jesus and drag. You don't mean Rick's wife to former cheerleader, do you? Karen. 1257 a W.I.O.D. Hey, let me tell you right now. If your bank is screwing your own like Rick Riley's bank is screwing him around. Hey, grow up here. Go in there and say I'm a big shot. Blow it out your ass. Give me my money. I'm going to family bank. That's what I did several months ago. And I realize your deposits will not be quite as large as mine. But nevertheless, you got a substantial amount of cash you're making here. Take it to a bank where they're not going to screw up all your uh, I can't believe that story. Yes, I can. I can't believe it because I've had my own horrible nightmare stories. And you all have to. Big banks are impersonal. They don't care no matter what their slogans are no matter what they tell you. You're just a number in a computer. Even if you got millions, you just a small tiny wheel in their big thing. Do you know what I'm saying? Exactly. So get your ass over there. Tell them, give me all my money. Have a great life. I'm going to family bank. Family bank offers you the lowest service fee in Broward. They got all the features of even the big big shot banks. They got ATMs at all locations. They got drive-throughs that open every day of the week except Sunday. Monday through Friday at 8 o'clock in the morning even Saturday morning nine to noon. They got seven convenient Broward locations. And they treat you like a man. They treat you like a real human being. They treat you with care and kindness. Go into the sawgrass branch there. And if you treat him real nice, Matt will even patch you on the head. Family bank. Do a business the way you like personal and friendly. Member FDIC. 6th-hand WIOD. Neal Rogers. While you're goofing off it work. But what I, but when I'm not so friendly either, 6th-hand WIOD. If you want to do our... I like it. How do you like this so far? Let's take a poll on it. Okay. I'm telling you the machines acted up today. You just can't get nothing to play. Well that's okay. It gives us more time. Give us more time to sink our teeth into this important thing. It does. It does. It was a little reluctant I guess. Oh my, it's 5,288V. 5,288V. 5,288V. And everybody knows that a foot is 12 inches. 12 inches in length. That's 63,360 inches. And I'm like 63,360 inches in a while. Oh the average body has 45 miles of nerve. 45 miles. That's 2,855. And you are getting all never eight inches. You are getting all never eight inches. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. You are getting all never eight inches. Oh, alright. One way to WIT. Maybe we can make a special dedication from that, huh? I don't want to mention anybody by name. Okay, here's the results. Here are the results. Of our massive commission study this morning of the WIOD audience or what's left of it. Here we go. The Ron and Ron show. Man, they have a lot of work to. It's so embarrassing to do. Look at that 12 plus votes. Only one person to wait and never listen. And 51 in the negative to recall. 12 plus 51 thumbs way down. And like I said, lots of work to do. Unbelievable. William Henry Milford, Nixon Schwartz, public goldstein the third. Like I predicted, the big winner. And spite of all your outrageous comments and your refusal to deal with. I predicted it. I predicted it. Man, I was right on target as usual. The third out 47 years and only 18 days. That's just stupid. They love him. William Milford, Milhouse Nixon Schwartz the third is a smash. Make no mistake about it. And if Rick Ron could have gotten a vote, it would have been 547 away. Brooke Daniels, she was like up and down and back and forth. But in a stretch like a great racehorse, like a real thoroughbred she came through. Just pounding her hoofs down a stretch. And she could have ordered a couple of thumbs. 37 years, 25 days and one who'd all listen to that hour. 37, 25, not bad, not bad for this very, you know, kind of picky audience. I'm going to save this one here. The one I'm going to move to the bottom of the list now. Jingles and rejoins, all those real fancy, fancy things that you just absolutely see the stuff that Boca Bryant does. Like this. They say go, go, go, go. They say go, go, go. They say go, go, go, go. That would probably got 100 rating. And do you know, you're going to be a good one. But anyway, so we had 10 positive and 49 negative on the new Jingles on his John Ford. Because after all, you know, he's a creative monster. He's a creative freaking genius. 10 years and 49 days. Now we get down to the, we get down to the one category that I must confess. I, you know, I read this. I announced it. I passed it along with considerable reservation, you know what I'm saying? Because it is so embarrassing. It is so mortifying. Now, what are these facts? Let's see. WMD should try a carnival atmosphere of the next personal appearance. You could put current K in the dunk tank. Tie her to Jeff Heye. It says, every. Everything is fine, except her. How do you like that? Woo! Even the facts here is our getting psychotic. They're pit-off. Here's another one. Tell Jack Mark. There's an opening for a way to read corkies. And I'm sure they mean the one in North Miami Beach on 160 Tertis been closed for a year. Here's another one. It says, I heard the care and casheo for the first time a few days ago. I hate to say. Now you're not being selective when you go through these. You're not being selective when you go through these. You're not being selective when you go through these. You're not being selective when you go through these. You're not being selective when you go through these. You're not being selective when you go through these. You're not being selective when you go through these. You're not being selective when you go through these. You're not being selective when you go through these. You're not being selective when you go through these. You're not being selective when you go through these. You're not being selective when you go through these. You're not being selective when you go through these. You're not being selective when you go through these. You're not being selective when you go through these. You're not being selective when you go through these. It's a really scary way. Okay, thank you Sheery for your first vacation's observation. Okay, here's one. Okay, no more votes. Somebody's out of what's there for. And is this one? This guy only sends us 4,500 faxes. Okay, so blow it out your ass. Okay, did I get to the caring key number? The worst talker you ever heard in my life on WOT. Okay, let's start with the people who never heard of you. Okay, let's try to do this as gently as we can. Six people just don't listen to night. Okay, that's understandable. 59 people voted in the negative to 59 people said thumbs down and most of them they very heated in passionate matter. Most of them said like that. Various forms of pain. And in the plus column we've got a big fat. Oh, let me say it again. And the positive column in the thumbs up column we've got the big. Oh, how do you like that? Now what what the hell does that mean? What are we going to do about this, huh? What are we going to do? I got you down. How about this ridiculous situation here? Well, it rest, you know, speaks for itself. That's it. It speaks for itself. So there you go. And you certainly can't say our influence that because the news guy was the big winner. He was the big winner, George hands down going away. Champion 4718. That was the overwhelming, the big, the hot shot. That was the big success story today. Was William Preston, mill for a Joan Schwartz, Billy Bob the third. He won hands down. OK, let's get some instant analysis on this from our Perseplication Saudi Insuffer. They're date county 622Wild, Broward 767, toll free outside 1884, 740, Purple Line, Pau Nio de Etc. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. Got to figure it out. We're based on your poll. I now know who's going to replace you when you go down the dial. All Karen. Now Robert Milster, the tight. Robert Milford, the turn. He'll be great in like two minutes at a time. He'll be dynamite. He's doing stand-up comedy now, isn't he? He's sitting down. He's hunched over. He's doing hunch-over comedy. Neil, between that and the jingles, I mean, the word you use, soft mark. Yeah. I mean, it's a joke. It's great. It's got to stop. Yeah. I hear the people down the end of the dial are pretty excited about it. Hey, let me ask you this, Neil. It also says there. Yes. Being that Wayne's running the station over there. No, he is not. More, well, doesn't he say what goes on under, you know, no, he does not. No, he does not. He's not behind the scenes, Paul the string. No, he is not. He's not. Trust me. And he won't be. Absolutely not from ten to two. You can go to the bank on that. Well, you're ten to two, but all the other stuff like now is he, you said something other day about Marlins or they can't talk about the heat or something. That was a hundred years ago. It was like months ago. OK, but that's not telling the Humper what to say. The Humper has been ripping him up ballspot. OK, good, good. I good close friend the Humper. Is he going to buy that station or not? No, he's not. What does he have to buy it for when he can, you know, get all this free crap out of them and they're paying him for the rights? No, because now I see, you know, sports channel and then the radio station and then what the hell's next? Let me say it again. They're paying him 35. May you're watching he buy it. OK. There you go. God bless. I rest my case. My great day. OK. What is he saying? One 14 at W. I. OD on a great Thursday, man. I would say this is probably one of the greatest things we've ever done in all the years that I've been in all 400 years that I've been on here. This was one of the most productive, one of the most amazing things. And you noticed there wasn't one person either by facts or by phone who like yielded to Lily. They just let it all hang out there and stuck it right in your post and let it just fall where it might. And it did 11 11 15 at W. I. OD Lorenzo's Italian Center in North Miami Beach is de place to find the freshest meats, vegetables, produce and lots more. Sometimes you want to just enjoy a meal and that's when you want to head to Lorenzo's pasta grill at the Catillion Party Center. Those same fresh ingredients you demand for your own cooking go at all the appetizers, de entraised as specials. Start your meal with a clams oregano, or a chilled jumbo shrimp cocktail. Then try one of the pasta special served with garlic rolls and soup or salad or a New York strip steak with burgundy, braised mushrooms, caramelized onions that are red wine butto sauce. And the traditional dishes like Viel Marcella and try a glass of Lorenzo's pasta rills homemade red wine. Lorenzo's pasta grill opened Tuesday through Thursday, 5 to 9 PM, Friday and Saturday till 10 PM and Sunday till 9 PM. And they offer on premises or off premises catering for 10 up to 10 Zillion people. The pasta grill at Lorenzo's Italian Center right in the corner of 163rd in Dixie Highway in North Miami Beach. When Brook Canyon's is on the air, keep this game rises in the water. Ricky, hey, you are on 610 W.I.O.D. Oh please, no more phone calls we have a winner. Brook Daniels, weeknights, 610 W.I.O.D. Wonderful I'll have dementia. This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. New from K's smell records the greatest body noises of all time. That's right the greatest body noises you've grown above. All on one CD. You'll get the impressive friends with this one. Or how about the acoustic version? How about this part of the favorite? And that's not all you'll also get. Looking for a boot to the head, we've got it right here on the greatest body noises of all time. And right now, when you receive the greatest body noises of all time, dance mix. It's the greatest body noises of all time from K's smell records. Get yours today. I like it. Okay, one 19 in W.I.O.D. as we continue digesting and well, trying to absorb the results of this amazing pool, 59 to nothing. 59 to zero is that possible. It is. Here's Pembroke Pines. Oh, hey Neil, how's it going? Okay, I wanted to take the thing. Can I take it anyway? Sure go ahead just for fun. It doesn't count. Well, first let me tell you something else. Today on the flat black bit show, Sheldon Kennedy is going to be on. Oh no. She's going to make them cry. Isn't that something? Well, that shouldn't be too hard. Is he going to be wearing that little Roman Faggy haircut again? Yeah. Oh, God. Crying in the commercial. Oh, do we have to hear those stories about it? Is wrecked toolman all that stuff again? Exactly. It's going to be great though. Okay. I never watched the show. I saw the commercial. I'm going to watch it just for that. Robb say that what to watch is a littleBC that dipping Just around here. Yeah. It won't end up going. Well, there is also some money on the market. Sprinkle something. Is this the standard 101? Yeah. I ously picked one because the amount is wrong. It's gone . What did you do? And the jingles? Okay, thank you so much. Yes, I hear the thing from Fato with the jelly donut. The thing from Fato, you mean that he ate the feeding frenzy? Yeah, with the jelly donut. Oh, you got it. Oh, see ya. Oh, God. We don't want to play that. We'll get everybody frantic. I like lobster and koggle. Part of her? Little pie with chocolate chip ice cream. Okay, we'll chocolate chip ice cream is good. Ring ding. Ah. And chocolate surprise. Wait, chocolate swirl ice cream, even better. That's nothing. Did you ever suck the jelly out of a jelly donut and then fell with chocolate swirl ice cream? Ah. I like to stuff a jelly donut for the Reese's Pinot Buttercup. Then put it in a warm oven and lift the chocolate and everything melted into the dough. Hmm. How about peanut butter and jelly? Or a chocolate-covered grey mcracket. Within my years of demand around time. Mmm. Could I have a little lemon in my water, please? I make chocolate chip cookies with eminems. It's not a chocolate chip. They don't melt me. Yeah. So, you can have a little more lemon in my hot water, please. Just a lot of lemon. Uh, no, I'd like a little fresh orange juice squeezed in my end if you got it. No, sorry. Okay, that lemon. The Croes, they got chocolate-covered orange, which is the juice just dribbles down your chin. Oh. Junior, could I have just a drop of honey in this, please? Just a drop. Which of the actual fruit is covered with that thick dark chocolate? You know? Oh, boy. I'd like to write this stuff on an amin' a donut. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Get the honey, Junior. Give me the honey, Junior. It's in the cover, though. Well, get it. What else did they cover with that chocolate? It means besides the orange, which is grapes, peaches, strawberries. Junior, the honey. Those big juicy stem strawberries are dipped into that dark dark chocolate. Mmm. Jack, the honey. Jack, the honey. Oh, we know. Oh, there ain't nothing like it. Baby, gritty. Get that. Grab my Junior, honey. Exactly. One of the great movies of all times, if you're sitting around bored to, oh, I guess what's going to be on Sunday by the way. The last dawn, if you've seen the previous for that, Mary O'Poozo, thumbs up or thumbs down. We'll find out Monday. Is that a one-drop party or is that like, uh, we'll find out, like I said. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Tamarack. You know how they just, did you crank that up or did they do it? I believe, and the future won't stop. And then he growled. Oh, great. Okay. There's a stock item. It means we better turn on the CNBC. That must be, that's probably a silent, uh, oh, look at that market's up 119, the Nasdaq's up 14. And the standard in poor isn't out, we all, uh, 12 points. So, big deal. That's basically, uh, yesterday, Ying and Yang, it went down yesterday. It took a crap today. It's going back up. Like I said, like, one of the track, but they don't put on a good show. Two open lines in Broward, 767 Wild, one in day, 6229463. Steve came, thumbs up or thumbs down. Here's you new midday host. He'll be starting any day now. Steve came produced by Nick Lawrence. It's going to be like old times. Sake. Here's the sunny hours on a mobile. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, but see me, Rogers. See, uh, William Millhouse, the direct is a pimps. Yeah. Garbage. Can I ask you to find a pole is over sir. He went out. He won hands down. He won overwhelmingly. But I got on the line officially before the one A. Well, don't count too bad. We closed the crew. I got my point across. Okay. Let's send Neil question for you. At piece of garbage that called you a couple weeks ago from Pembro, uh, an African from Central Village. Which piece of garbage was that? Well, let me give you an example. You have your chronic factors and quarters. Correct. You want to even get my time of day. Yeah. Make mention of this direct on the phone and direct on the facts. And you just blow it off. Yeah. Well, Howard, he basically treats this guy. Or this is the same thing with Howard. However, he gives him at least 30 to 40 seconds of airtime. He at least does him that favor. The treatment that you've heard him receive from Howard that you played Yeah. He's the exact kind of treatment that gets this guy's guard. But he's not associated with that show at all. Yeah. And I think the hostility of Howard has more towards him as opposed to the poor victim that he victimizes such as you or any other radio station. Yeah. The guy is a nut. Well, that's what it sounded like to me because he was denying that he said all this crap to me, which we all heard him say it. And then Howard said, yes, you did, etc. And so on. Oh, paste this. This is mentally retarded. Well, the guy that called here just called to try to stir up a bunch of crap. Yes, you said, you had one of our spies out there as you heard. Headed on tape, and we headed like in a heartbeat. I wish I had on texts with the ton of dialogue that is really carried across with this guy. Melrose, you know, the guy who is such a loop is very given some material. Yeah. People can see how he treats the guy like garbage. Yeah, it's true. You can spit on him. It's not over the first two hundred times. We know he's all loose. Already? worse than William the Tird. Well, in the turn at least as a professional. This guy is nothing. He's just an amateur chronic. In other words, Howard Stone will send him out to you know, events and he'll get arrested for example when the O. J. trial was going on in LA. Yeah. The second trial. Do you remember there was a guy carrying like a skeleton hanging up? Tell me if he's the news report to you guy with a skeleton. Not really. Or or cross behind O. J. Yelling murder or murder. Yeah. That was this. That's really. Yeah. And he had a good point anyway. I like that. He had a good point. But yeah. I'm starting to like this guy. Exactly. But that's what he is. So he's a chronic and you know, he gives you him time on the air. He loves it. You know, they never again ever happen again. Please, if you can do that, you know, you make me very happy. Okay. Go Sabers. Okay. See you later. Good luck. Good luck to you, pal. Oh, man. And by the way, I guess he didn't get my message yesterday. O. J. We don't want you here. They got this big celebrity golf tournament coming up this weekend and for a very good reason, which is a good cause. One of those charities. And it's going to get all screwed up. It's already getting screwed up, screwed, screwed, screwed up. It's screwed up. It's screwed up. Because they got the cancellations because O. J. Well, he was a part of a group that paid to be in a well, that's a pretty lame excuse. Tom, to give him his money back. We don't want him here. Okay. Nobody wants to be associated with him with that murdering piece of direct. Oh, well, the juicer. And then of course, they had they had these three black guys were involved with the charity thing with a golf part of it. And they didn't want to talk. They did that. Nothing to do with the juice. Anybody that calls him the juice. He ought to be getting the juice. This is what he ought to be getting. Boy, did that frost my ass. Get him out of town. We don't want him here. Send him someplace else. And I noticed they kept showing all these shots of him playing golf out there the other day. And man, he was just running around and wacking it in the ball too. Didn't look like that. Our throitis was bothering him in the least bit. Do we know the name of that golf course that let us in there? No, we do not. Well, we'll find out. And then, in fact, we're, we're the third just got through saying that it was supposed to be at the rail. And they've moved it to an undisclosed place because they don't want somebody off of them there. Or for whatever reason, because they're probably to embarrass at this point. Get out of here, OJ, go find somebody who likes you somewhere. Like maybe the heavens gate people know where to go. 1, 29 at Wild. He's got him boiling at Kendall Toyota. Well, kind of like Luke warm today. The heat keeps on rolling. Right? That's what it says here, even only lost last night. Edwin Pope says they choked. Well, they've choked those prices down to a very minimum of Kendall Toyota. See, I told you we did something in here. Kendall's got prices that will knock your thing right off. Just listen to these ridiculously though prices on great brand new 1997 Toyota's 97 to ourselves from just 99 91 brand new Corolla's from just 10,0991 brand new 97 to Colmas from just 10,091 and brand new beautiful cameras starting at just 15,091. You can't beat the prices anywhere. You can't beat the service. You can't beat their TV show. You just can't beat it. So instead of sitting around trying to beat it, get your car and head for Kendall Toyota just out the day land on US one. Prices include all rebates and incentives on a pro credit quantity is limited. So hurry on down. The opinions expressed on Wild are those of Neil Rogers. Okay, Amen. You got it. You got it. Down perfect, man. You got the formula. There are other opinions, but not for long. 610. Wild. and doa doahh. N<|en|> over. P movie But he is instead his lawyers are rocky shift hero Oh and Alan Dershoitz too Rocky ship heroes getting Marcia Clark's goat She's trying to prove that OJ cut both their throats Shapiro says that OJ was home Just back from McDonald's waiting for a limo Cowings was trying to help OJ escape But he wouldn't take a chance to get a ticket Oh and now they're flying the tubes Well OJ, the time's fast approaching When you trial, Clark, and we wish you the best We hope you're not guilty The Simpsons saga absorbs us more each day What can you say about DNA Judge Eto Will you be free in the juice? Now life is different for that buffalo bill OJ did he kill and leave a bloody trail behind him They'll soon be squeezed in the juice The cast of characters are crazy indeed Just watch the news and you'll see what I mean Ballery, Namasha, and Kato in love And did that detect the plant that bloody glove You perked well and ever was a bad a time for flying the juice Oh he can't get loose He might have killed his wife and run gold men They might be flying the juice Just lick up Put him on a bus, okay put him on a Greyhound Get him on a town, put him on a motorcycle Put him on a something Put him on a box, get him on a hero, okay We don't have enough problems of our own We don't have enough swill, we don't have enough low lives We don't have enough crap down here, we gotta have him here As the frosting on the old cake We have an open line on the purple line there The mobile line pound IOD and a parent-brower at 767-9463 Made your bulletin by the way in our survey that we took 65 calls earlier Karen K no positive calls 59 negatives and six who the hell is that A major major boy It's breaking news, it's on the AP wire it's on from coast to coast Embarrassment Here's Miami Beach, hello Miami Beach Yes sir Okay It's in the forest where the ripple plate in the Gulf that was Miami Lake Miami Lakes, huh? You want to buy my house? No thanks I'm moving out I'd give it away I'd just throw the keys on a ground and run like a bad other hell Yeah, well I got nothing to do that with mine Uh, listen to sports the award winning journalist I know what award he won Yeah They call it the Green award Yeah That's nothing that I'm present for Okay Ha ha ha ha ha Ha ha ha ha Oh man That not only killed him, it just about Correct him, you're right Wow Woo I don't think I'm ever going to be the same again That was just a little bit more than I'm not even sure I have no idea what he said but I know a little bit a little piece of it I don't know why you don't that Next I didn't dump anything I didn't dump nothing We have an open line in day six to two Wild We have one in Broward 767 463 This survey man seems to have like affected the mentality The people out there don't know about it as screen We're read 45 bananas And by the way, if we have to watch Don I'm as looking as Banana on MSNBC once again God, put a bag over it first Here's a lady in Papadau, hello Hello, Neo Yes, man I have I don't know what it's different First time call Love time listener I have a question that I want to ask you Yes If I'm about to get in bags Jason Fags Can I get a bag guy What's the difference The gay guy wears pants Yeah Oh, is that it? Yeah Oh Okay And the bag wears an earring in his right ear Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Gay guy wears earrings in his left ear Okay, and have a great day We have an open line in Broward 7679 463 We have one in date 6229463 Two on a Palm Beach and out of town lines One triple eight 4749463 So why does need tell us you one at a ward Like like in a little bit better George Here's Miami, hello Hello Oh boy, see that's that monkey sea monkey do monkey sea monkey do And that's sad isn't that pathetic I mean I can't really can't believe that this little holio would come on here here On a high class on an important radio show It says something like that I had one in my mouth once Two open lines in date 6229463 Six229 You're a little holio out there The busy plane with each other Just give it a rest little heal up for a few minutes and relax Okay, take a deep breath and get out your bag pipe It's me bag boy Here's a mobile and lake worth hello You'll think it's taking my call And thanks for calling 610 Wiod I'll say it at little Brad Hey Karen's K I got to taste something It is amazing what goes on in that show Yeah, I know I mean I had a go ballistic yesterday I mean I've been trying to restrain myself But yesterday I lost control Because I have never heard such contrived such embarrassing I mean taking one little paragraph I mean if that's what somebody thinks is homework If that's what somebody believes is the idea of motivating people to call And getting people to tune in and listen and somebody needs some serious help Can you believe that the sex one sex there is actually about five times Better than this one Randy roaches like Einstein in comparison Yeah Randy started a look pretty good right now I got to tell you You've had even not the man I'm on a couple times filling in to spot Even she was better than this Yeah, this is horrendous though Even Randy even Randy Martin is starting to look good Is that the guy on after her? No, that was a broad that we had on like 80 years ago Don't you remember Randy Martin? No, no, who's the guy that's on now He's trying to break in who sounds so morbid It's not funny Oh, Schema's ski for temp he He's skiing and no ski whatever his name is there I mean he's also what what's his story You don't even I see it. I even talk about this one because he really blows Well, he's he's like Karen Jr. She's breaking him in. She's training Yeah, I was just gonna say he's training him and how not to do a talk show Tell me if you think they all went to the Connecticut School of Broadcasting I think they went to Bouter College and took a course at John Ford Todd Neil, thank you and closing Peter and Thomas look me Okay, so anyway he forgot the sheet Oh, how could we forget the sheet? There was another real winner See are these people all tone deaf all these program directors and consultants? Don't they have a rear-on-ear? Can't they hear something? Can't they hear what their own two years? If somebody sounds forget about good or bad just beginning like they even belong on the year in the first place Like the chic Remember he's Neil Rogers without the drops in like Warren Crow Marty. Oh, sorry And like and like squeaky voice kids like that that I don't want to mention no names But who obviously don't belong on the year do you know what I'm talking about? How can you become yourself a program? Anything. How can you call yourself a radio person and put somebody like that on your who's voices annoying as hearing something on a blackboard? One of those eight awful sounds, man Terrifying Here's Miami. Hello Great first time caller. All right Hey, listen, what's going on with the zoji guy, man, you know he went to trial, you know he was you know He was trying to quit it. What's going on? What about the second trial? Oh, forget about the second trial man Oh, forget about the son of a geologist pick you just picking two is whatever's convenient for you, huh You don't have blow me get out of here. We have two open lines in date six two two nine four six three six two two Wild another little argumentative spik trying to stir up a bunch of crap. Hey, what's going on with his oj stuff Yeah, come on get a life get something to say get some material, okay? You know, huh, you know, you know what you know he kept saying you know did he? I didn't know Two open lines in date. We've had a magnificent day here today. It's been sensational We had a great lunch which even Harry penis was involved in and enjoyed and looked every drop and the food too What the hell is not to like and we and then all of a sudden we're being dragged down into the mong by a few holios out there Who just can't get over the fact that they have that grotesque elephant like sleeve that they can't get off their bodies They keep yanking on it and tugging it and it won't go away. They keep pulling and pushing and yanking and twisting and that damn thing just will not disappear But I can't help you, man. I can't help you unless you want to grow up and go for the big one as in I have no foreskin 143 a W. I OD you know if you want to get your carpets looking just like brand new and I know every time I say that you think what is guy exaggerates just a little bit I've told you 45 million times that I never exaggerate And I don't not in this case. I mean dry concepts does such a beautiful job on your carpeting everybody's gonna say look at that you such a big spendor You must have hit the lottery you got brand new carpeting installed all over the house and guess what you didn't but you can tell me you did if it makes you feel better if you want to be a big your hush Bender because dry concepts have that unique patent that method they've been doing for years and years and years down here That sucks out the deepest down dirt way down there when you're fibers of your carpet makes your carpets look brand new keeps them clean or a hell of a lot longer Your carpets smell lemony fresh because they apply disinfectant as they do in a job and of course they give you a written guaranteed price up front By the time they get done the carpets drying two or three hours you're ready to go with a big smile on your post and a nice little rose that they bring you to when a job is done look out for the prick So if you want a great job your carpets look and brand new and your furniture and drapery and whatever else you want clean like a magic like a miracle Call our good friends and dry concepts man. Nobody does it like them in day nine three. Oh 36 36 nine three. Oh 36 36 in Broward five eight one forty seven thirty nine five eight one forty seven thirty nine and in Palm Beach nine three Oh forty seven thirty nine they are simply the best in the business dry concepts Six and W. I. O. D. Well you don't have to step through this. Oh everybody this is Registropping and this is Kathy Lee Giffett Shut up will you shut up shut up get to this. Let's let's get that going and let's get I told you we'd have a lot of laughs today, baby Oh there it comes during the last like she does it's like a freaking Call somebody until you N Captain, 12 Damn car Seven three sixty six ten W. I D Hey asshole! Hey, sounds that you hate. But I'm in it, and I think they're really great. I doubt that you can't hit a one or two. Much less all eight. Hey, sounds that you hate. I'm in from the boys they will surely separate. I tell you what they are. Karen, did you go? Yeah! I like fingernails on a blackboard. But people crack their neck for their knuckles. When I rough-stuy we're fall together. That just makes me shuck. Hey, sounds you can't stand. What you could tolerate if you were a handsome man I am. And to the list of it, a fork and a knife. Scraping on a plate. Scraping on a plate. Scraping on a plate. Here's what I really love. You might want to try it. Give me feedback in my headphones. I am. That's more like it.