6.10 WIOD. Neil Rogers. While you're goofing off it, work. And that's a good idea. Thank you, sir. 6.10 WIOD. It's Friday. You passed it. Oh. Please, lock him away. For I recall the day, I'm a sign of Bromko-Ride, and he won't confess. I don't care what they say, because O.J., but it are where we love. Oh. It happened so soon. On the 12th of June, and O.J., I have waited for the one, but I see you still on trial. It goes on and never runs. Oh my God. I'm a sign of Bromko-Ride, and O.J., but it's Friday. I don't care what they say, because O.J., but it are where we love. I have waited for the one, and O.J., Oh my God. As it does, I know that O.J., but it's them. Lock him up, please. And throw away the key. Just lick up. It's a game. All the claims of his innocence. I don't care what they say, because O.J., but it are where we love. And O.J., I know care what they say, because O.J., but it are where we love. No, no, no, no. You've heard. Okay, 10.03. Welcome to 610 W.I.O.D. It's Friday, and this is Michael's old scooter round again. This thing now just goes around and around. The thing on the bottom, you know? It just, the ring. It just goes round. And around. And pretty soon, your voice is, you sound like Westbrook fan Voorhees. Great. Just keep spinning it. Just keep twirling it. Pretty soon, I'm going to sound just like I'mus. Anyway, so O.J., is in town. Now, what's the story? That was at 7.45 this morning. Did he play? Do he be playing now? Does anybody care? And how 105, by the way, is one of the sponsors of that deal? Hot 105. Cox broadcasting our sponsoring that thing. We are definitely going to maintain our sponsorship. Said, Darold Davis of W.H.Q.T. Hot 105. We support what the tournament saw about O.J. chose to come. The other day, they were peddling a story about how he was invited. On a group that was invited, that's a bunch of bull crap. He paid. He paid. This asshole $600 to play in the celebrity golf tournament. Okay. Now, I'm sure that a lot of us would have more than gladly substitute the 600 bucks and donated ourselves to the sickle, sell anemia foundation. Whatever the hell this thing is. Is that what it is? Right. Sickle sellingemia research. Isn't he supposed to be broke and can't pay it? That's my point. He's broke. He can't even walk because of our threat. It's just so bad. But he spent 600 bucks plus of course, however much it caused to come down here. To play golf again. So we could in true once again, and stick his nose where we don't want him here. Okay. And yesterday, I'm watching the channel for news. Jim Barry, first of all, you're an asshole. We all know that. You know nothing about sports. Number two, just another professional black guy. Following O.T. over there at WMBM. There aren't four people listening to WMBM. That's a station. How many times is that thing? But off the air already. How many times has it gone dark? Oh, I'm sorry. How many times have gone off the air? Remember when MBM was doing their big talk thing? They had an early so-chun and Stan Major and Mike Thompson and all those great broad cancers? That lasted about what? Two minutes? I mean, what is this? Again, we got a bunch of people making all kinds of excuses. Apologist. We don't want no murderer who's been found in a civil trial. He's been found responsible and uh, reprehensible for the murders of these two people. And anybody with a half a brain who watched the criminal trial knows he's guilty is hell. And yet, in spite of that, he's down here mutting up the waters. Okay. What it is, Grace, what a bunch of bull crap get out of our town and go away. Now, we don't want to see an hour. We don't want nothing to do with you. We can't stand you. Ehh! And we hate you like poison. So, all your Ranger fans out there rejoice. I got a head to a man who played great defense, Richter standing on his head. The devils are comatost man. I told he yesterday they were ready to be head and they got head again last night. They couldn't score into an empty net. They couldn't score if the Rangers just stayed on the bench. They still couldn't stick it in and I don't think. They are tragic. The new Jersey devils man at Frogs, Jacques Lemir. He's getting his come up and I got to say the Rangers are playing a lot better. And I thought they were capable of. But again, I don't think they're going too far. It'll get too excited. But nevertheless, congratulations to those Ranger fans. We put them down. We ripped them in ass. Everybody, of course, all the experts like our coach here. And certain others were saying, oh yeah, they're so old and they're ready to fold up. That was back when we were playing. Remember that? All we had to do is show up. They're old. They can't play back to back games. They're ready to choke on it. They're gagging on it. And the Ranger shut them out of game last night. Three to nothing was an empty net goal at the end by. As a ticket in who just keeps sticking it in there and sticking it in there. I bet you, there's nobody in Scandinavia in the history of the human race, whoever stuck it in there. As many times as as a ticket in. We got some good crap to give away today, by the way. No pun time. We got some good. I'm serious. We got some great crap to give away. I'll tell you about that in a second. It's all request Friday. It's a great day. I do want to say this though. I'm a little pissed off about my diet. You know, I mean, I love the Atkins diet. They're wonderful sponsors of ours. It's set up and so on. But I just, I can't make that needle move. And the scale either. I just, I don't know what it is. It just ain't working this time. Plus, I think the thing that I've had, which is just really pretty much gone. You know, but you think it's gone, but not 100%. And the reason being, I think I got a yeast infection. Remember, in the Atkins diet, he talks a lot about that about most people, especially if you've been here. You know, most people, especially if you eat a lot of sugar and ice cream and stuff like that, you have yeast infections. Inside your body, there's all this. And you look on your tongue and you see that coating of green. Oh, God. yeast infection. My doctor, my doctor is a great doctor. Very stubborn guy though. Very stubborn. Insist that that's not what it is. I think I got a yeast infection, which first of all, makes the diet almost useless. And secondly, makes you feel like crap. And does all sorts of not two pleasant things. Maybe we got some nutrition like spread out there. And it knows how to get rid of it. Maybe we even got some cracked doctor out there. Or prescribed me some crap. I can get rid of that. You know what I'm saying? Candida Albecans. Is that what that is? Oh, fat. I think that's the same basically thing that women get in in. I vagina. Yeah, I think so. But anyway, I don't want to get into that. Believe me. But. Oh, got to do something about that. You know, get it out of your system once and for all. I mean, my doctor is great, but he's a little slow on the nutritional side. A little slow on the uptake. I mean, how many years can you go along with this thing? And, you know, just one day you'd like to wake up and say, hey, good bye in the scales. Go and down. I'm sternalose a few pounds. That would be great. But I think I have an impediment to my success somewhere in my system. Let's get some witch doctor on here today who's peddling some good crap. Here's a lady mobile and Del Ray Beach. Hello. Morning, Neil. More our bunnies, deas. How are you? Great. Neil, I didn't know if you caught this. I just caught the last two seconds of it. I caught the last night interviewing Michael Myers. I don't watch Larry Cow. I normally don't either, but Michael Myers is on. I think he's funny. Anyway, they were talking about the Toronto Maple Leafs. And why would they be talking about the Toronto Maple Leafs? Because Michael Myers is from Toronto. Hey, yeah. And so he was just talking about how he pretty much believed Blue Blood because he loves the Toronto Maple Leafs, et cetera. And they were having an argument because Larry was saying that, yeah, in 1956, they used to wear green. And he's like, what? Who used to wear green? The Toronto Maple Leafs. They never wore green. And they had a huge, I mean, they were going back and forth saying, yes. And he's like, no, you kidding me? Jim Dorey may have had something huge, but it wasn't green. So then Michael Myers was like, you know, maybe it was same Patrick's Day or something. Yeah. And he's like, no, no, no, in 19th and there. Oh, Larry King's an asshole, okay. That's embarrassing. They went to commercial on that. And the police have had blue and white since before fostered he was an embryo. Anyway, I figured you'd know and put this record straight. Never happened. Okay. Okay. See you. Oh, my God. All of a sudden, my whole neck, I feel is stressed. Larry King is hot going to try to spewing more bull crap. How do you like that? 622, WID and day, Broward County on all request Friday 7679463. Open line in the out of town line. A purple line. You know how it works. You know how it goes. Any response yesterday to our survey that we took on a show, which I thought was mighty amazing. Huh? Any response? Response from some of the parties involved. I wasn't listening last night. Billy Bob asked me the score and I told him that he was way ahead. He was happy to hear it. How come he asked you the score? I was doing it here. I congratulate him. But now he ignores me. Now he said you big star because he got like 47 to 18 or whatever. Public approval. So now it's like, well, he can't respond to me. He is to busy. Jae is busy. Hey,隻組ra isn't working with me. Trust me. You will come back to me and Sarasane. Oh, please just give me the chance. His book is what I mean. Yes right. You can't get over it. But who would this Liam Sullivan got abd stated? Yes. I see more it from there. The message to him says, please show it again. We need no octagon ticket and I have no contacts to fall. My credit card number. We have Aconds. That was back when he was filling on the Iran and Iran when they were jerking them around over here. Oh, what's in the dollar? Huh? It was a nice check. It was a few hundred bucks. Oh, right. How do you like that for a cheap outer work prick like him? I mean guy like that. Hey, how about a request? Yeah. Uh, prison bitch. prison. Oh, Jay, he's in town. prison bitch. Yeah. And we dedicate to O.J. Yeah. Okay, grease him up. Re-s him up. All right. Have a great day. I love you. I'll just to kill your meat. It's okay. They say I love his taboo. That what we're doing is wrong. But I don't care what they say. Because my love is so strong. They tell us we should be ashamed. We're not husband and wife. But I cherish each moment with you. I'm so glad you're in my life. You're my prison bitch. You're not like a man. I'm glad we share a prison cell. We're like scoops at 10. I can't accept who I feel. I'm not a man. I'm glad we share a prison cell. We're like scoops at 10. I can't accept who I feel. No that would be a crime. As long as I am doing you, I don't mind doing time. I'll cause your mind. Prison bitch. My prison bitch. And I have no regrets. I got you for a candy bar. And a pack of cigarettes. At first you were resistant. But now you're on my friend. I knew that I would get you in the end. Oh, prison bitch. Just lick a prison bitch. I guess that you were sent from a mob. Like a stick. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. And now you're on my prison room. Oh, wow. I'm a prison bitch. Your prison bitch. And your ups and downs mission. Oh, wow. Only half of them request. How about some of the best of leisure. Oh, wow. I'm tired of this prison cell. I need to get away. The sentence made to seven years. Now seven times a day. I'm a prison bitch. Your prison bitch. You're in fall, man. You're not kidding. I really hate these knockers. Got you tattooed on my back. I thought that I could break away. But now I'm losing hope. God, I'm part of Pina with a soul. And no prison bitch. Prison bitch. Turn up the lights, because I can hardly wait. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. When I get out, I'll read you to go straight. Oh, wow. I'm no prison bitch. My prison bitch. I'll never say goodbye. You're not like all the others. Too bad they had to die. On the second thought I'd leave I'll stay. If you want me to. Your prison bitch. Is never leaving. Yeah. The first you would myself make. But now you're not so mad. That's a perfect American. Perfect. No, no, no. Yeah, I know where they're coming from. Heart and criminal. Pino. You've got to find out when you call it is the poge. Yeah. 15. The lovely Kim from our continuity department. He comes in and says, George told me not to waste my time with this, but I'm just wondering. You want to go up the other way to the building and see Eric Astrada. What do I want to see that old lady for? You know what I'm saying? First of all, she's his old as I am. Number two never looked good even when he was young or and again, he a break. Eric Astrada gets serious. He looks worse than John M. Thank you. Adjusted joke, John. I was a compliment by the way. Kind of backhanded. Yeah. Facts is here. These chronic facts is. Anyway, it's 10 16 and WOD. Go drink some diet soda and get out of here. 16 WOD. We've replaced the tire of old morning show with a tired new morning show. I can't sit to me. Do you have any receipts like a woodie thing? I go, let's make some up now. But don't think that I'm collecting things when I'm driving places. Yes, I spent 12 hours for gas. You're gonna say that. I don't say anything. I have a little bag that I just dropped the receipts in. I get a little bag too, but I'm taking stuff out of it. 1 and 1, 16 WOD. 16 WOD. See you, our pain. 16 WOD. Well, hey Lord, how's it going? We're Floyd Lloyd. Let's do some picking for. All right, Floyd. Not sure knows Lloyd. Listen to the mystery about us. Good old boys. Wake up from Alabama. And we're come from Illinois. We come from Carolina, Maine from Mississippi, too. We love to change a back-end shot. Yes! We're red next, Sandy. Pick up trucks. There you go. Ugh. I am Mr. Tony, Joe, we're going to go out there. Even stock cars, boys and bring them on the pier. We'll throw a big party and we'll fill up the plate. It's time that Indiana had a NASCAR race. That's the brick yard that he is. And, speak way Indiana, you ass of it. Yeah, yeah. What's that space? You must start paying our whole new breed. We love Rusty Wallace. I would love Lake Speed. You can see I'm a NASCAR fan from the back. His pants is so low. You can see his butt crack. The boy I can see a half moon in his broad daylight. Get yourself a belt. Yeah, put the name on the buckle. Some NASCAR girls don't wear no shoes on their big floppy hooters. They got big tattoos. Yeah, Mr. if you need a certain fella from the south. Be careful if he tells you you got a pretty mild. Floyd. Give me big hurs with big tattoos any day. Hey, Lloyd. Look at them jiggle twits. She's got a day-alern heart can to right there to wait her movies. Here you can. The cleaner life. He loves. Let him see your big brick. Lloyd, if you're difficult to tattoo. We sure had fun and indeed we'll be coming back. God got myself a checkered flag. He's nailed my gun right. The breakyard in best time the soul boy is ever had. Next year I'll bring my parents. Mom and Uncle Dave. Show them you've seen the old. I'm on a mule lately. I got me a picture Richard Petty and Elvis. Plant it. No, they're just shaking hands. Techflotty to a W. Iod by the way, the ubiquitous Jack Mark was in hit this morning briefly. I couldn't get rid of him for like about two minutes. And what an asshole man. Give me, look at this. Give me a letter on his letterhead, which I'm very impressed not. Two Neo Rogers may not. I will be out of the office on Friday, May 16th and Monday, May 19th. You may use, you can use my parking space on these days. Let me know when you want to match wits on the air. So in other words, he wasn't embarrassed enough yesterday by being made an ass out of. He'd like to come back and you know, subject himself to more. Just in order to plug that five watt station, he's got with a signal straight up in the air. Wow, Jack. Thank you, parking space and shove it. Okay? He was very proud and wants to copy the tape. Want to copy the tape for what? For so we can do this. All of his friends. Yeah. Both his friend. Oh my god. I told his secretary. Forget it. We don't do tapes anyway. We don't. Huh? For money. Yeah, for money. For 100 bucks, we'll be glad to supply with a little bit of the tape. So anyway, we got some great crap to give away today. Literally. That's right, not from my yard, by the way. Could be, though. Here's a guy named Larry Brigman and four-loader Dale. And very rarely, you know, every now and then people send us over a bunch of stuff to give away. But never before ever have they sent us over a bunch of stamped envelopes, mailing envelopes. How do you like that? He's got a dozen maillers that he sent in here with stamps posted supplied everything. And what we have to give away today to those who really know their crap is 10 plastic dog plant poops. Oh, and they are beautiful. Wow, I got one in my hand right now with the plastic around it, though, just to be safe. I mean, if that doesn't look like the MS like the real thing, then I have never seen no dog poop and believe me, I have seen plenty, including in places where it ain't exactly where you want it. Also, we got a plastic puke here, if anybody wants it, I was going to take this home, but it's not something I really want to look at the rest of my life. So it's still on its called woops, the most disgusting laugh gitter. And it's you all seen these. So anyway, the name of this guy's business is Dung pile novelties. He's got kind of a crappy business. And if you want one of the, let's see, it says the realistic looking dog poop, the realistic looking vomit and shrunk and head replicas, which George has one that he ain't given up, by the way, can be ordered from the Dung pile at the above address. P.O. Box, 23758. Fort Lauderdale, 33307. $4 each including shipping handling, sales tax, etc. Whichever you like. So we got 10 dog poops to give away and one plastic puke. What a, a pup, what a classy show. Dung pile novelties, P.O. Box, 23758. Fort Lauderdale, Florida, 33307. $4 for each dog poop realistic looking vomit or and or shrunk and head replica. Very nice. I go on Larry and thank you so much for supplying to postage into good stuff too. And even even includes a copy, look at this. Of his license, he's got a license in the city of Fort Lauderdale. And he's got a thing, what is his, a tax thing, occupational. Just to make sure he's not some bozo out there who doesn't have like a real business. His business is crap and the crap business of course is the biggest business. Here's Miami. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. You like that, Bob and Tom, huh? Yeah. I'm the one that sent you that CD in the tape. Thank you so much. No problem. I don't know if you want to rehash that Howard thing yesterday. But if you can play the tape later on he goes, it goes to say that about 10 years ago when you stole his act, when you stopped doing topics. First of all, when I stopped doing topics, I had never heard Howard Stern in my life. I hate to break the news. But when you got an ego as big as you know is that's, you think the whole world is out to steal your rack. I had never heard Howard Stern. I got rid of topics because I was tired of boring myself. I think he was referring to John when he was talking about pretty, pretty boys. You, you, uh, prayed around town. John. I think he was about the hockey games and stuff. John is a boy, 33 years old. Yeah, you know, but that's my request if you can feel like you're playing the... Well, I don't, I don't have a word in here today though. The Howard tape that you brought yesterday and I haven't. All right. I wouldn't dignify him by wasting that much airtime, okay? I wouldn't, I wouldn't, in addition to which, why is he so concerned about me? Like I said, he just got multi-million dollars worth of publicity. His ratings went through the roof here and everywhere else with all that hundreds of millions of dollars. Well, what does he worried about me for? Talk about paranoid and psychotic. I don't know if it's stick or not, but uh, I don't know. Week. Very week. And let me say it again. 99 and 910s of the people in all the markets who get a show. They don't have any ID who I am anyway. Yeah, that's right. So that's the point. Oh. All right, Neil. Have a good day. Thanks for your good stuff. We have an open line in day at 6229463, one in Broward 767, Wiod. Everybody's stealing from Howard. Even a guy that even a statue of liberty, that thing at that torch, it's holding up an ear was once stuck inside Howard's back home. Everybody's stealing. Because he's the only guy that needs to be on the air, man. Him and Lard asks, and Larry King, how many times have I told you that? These syndicated shows that all the needs to be on the air, all the rest of us can just pack a salami sandwich and go out and have a picnic and just throw in the towel. Sorry, we just continue plotting right along. Wonderful. I live demons. 610 WIOD Neil. Neil Rogers. I'm fucking across the street. I'm fucking fit cons and my feet I'm 11. To show him his coach about faith. Okay. I'm waving. My fucking king, I'm making the traffic great. I'm watching all of the guy who stopped for me. In an hour or two to the other side, I have some makeup on as well as still won't die. I have no teeth in my body's decay with direct constipation, pumping out of my legs still of walking. In my jelly shoes, they're yelling. Joao took a good job and I'm rocking. Joao took a hoist to you. You bastard you. I've brought an arrest, you guys. I'm fucking stressed. I'm fucking stressed. I'm stressed. I'm stressed. I'm stressed. I'm stressed. 1032 WIOD Neil. Sure, hope that Jewish guy that called was the yesterday or the day before. Don't get offended by that. The one that was trying to give me chapter and verse make a list of what it is that I can say that doesn't offend him and the rest of the stuff that does offend him. Sorry. Not. Okay. We have an open line in day 6229463622. In addition, you know, I'm just thinking about the guy called before brought me to tape and talk about inconsistencies. When he was talking to this Melrose guy, remember he was saying, well, Neil Rogers, whoever that is, like he doesn't know who I am. And then all of a sudden he's a, well, you know, I'm doing little boys and I'm creating somebody around town. I thought he doesn't know who I am. Talk about inconsistency and more bull crap in lies. It's very sad. It's really pathetic. If you're going to rip somebody, at least, you know, be honest about what you know and what you're talking about. Instead of the bull crap terrifying two open lines in day 6229, two open lines in day, on a day where we're giving away some good crap like this. Oh my god, is that a shot in the head or what? And is anybody got any, uh, uh, a mil pills for my, uh, yeast yet? We had to have we had a 14 doctors lined up at the door right now all with the forget about the prescriptions, who want to how once they go to Walgreens with pills, saying, here you go, pop a bunch of these and you'll feel great by like noon. Not like it used to be, baby. It's not like it used to be in the good old days. Here's Boca. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. About yeast. There's a book. William Proc wrote it. The yeast. William Action Handbook. William Who? Correct. CRO. Okay. Andy. Yeah. And what he says is, take nice statin for the eight million units four times a day. Yeah. And the diet should have free yeast free free, free of fermented items. Yeah. But if you got that, what did you dice that? And start with one million. Well, where am I going to get that? You get a prescription. It's very simple. Been on the market. It's USP generic for about 30 years. It just came out for extra pervious preparation of a single dose. Yeah. I statin USP powder. USP is USP's primary copier. Have you take, have you taken it? Yes, I have. And does it work? It works great. The yeast connection here are an excellent reader. You're not how to absorb what you're reading. Right. The book you'll learn in an awful lot. Okay. I think you can continue with actions on the yeast I. Well, yeah. Yeah. The adkins doesn't work unless you get rid of the yeast. That's his right. He talks about that in the book. Well, you can start right away with actions the same day. You start with nice statin. But go, should absolutely sugar free. No more fermented stuff. No more vinegar and no more cheese. No more cheese. Right. Cut the cheese. Cut. I think you got it. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Right. See, there we go. William Crook and MD who's a crook. How do you like that? That's unusual. Now, I'll get to do this. Find a doctor is going to get me a prescription, right? Hey, that won't be too hard. It will. Because my doctor just he's just like I said a great guy, but very stubborn and hard edited and you know, he knows everything. We have an open line in date. 629463 a one on the out of town line one triple eight four seven four nine four six three one triple eight four seven four here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. First time called. I have a request for my husband who's a long time listener. Yes. You took a call. Oh, my god. What a pussy. Can you play a big black guy named N. I can't. Why don't have it? You don't have it. How is it that everybody's got such a great memory? I George has got it somewhere and I've only asked him 400 times to bring that disk in it's got it on there and he just refuses to do it. Oh. He keeps forgetting. Yeah. Okay. Sorry about that. That's okay. That's the only that's it. That's the end. I'll have. Oh, I'm so sorry. Okay. Thank you. Okay, thank you for making me feel so bad. Two open lines in day six two two Wild one and Broward seven six seven nine four six three one on the audio net the worldwide the Palm Beach lines one triple eight four seven four east. Here's a call from Los Angeles alleged. This is from L.A. Yes, sir. You like gotten to a lot of trouble with one of your colors who called about me. I'm a guy that called hour. I'm a guy that's from the cut. I got a cold in. I never. I'd love to. Let me say this to you. Okay. You're in LA. No, you don't. You don't hang up on me. No, wait a minute. You're in LA. Yeah. I mean, LA. I live in LA. Yeah. And you called here from LA yesterday. I call no, I called in from my for from 10th of a point about two weeks ago. And I called and I said I was looking to show and I was enjoying it. But I never bad now. Howard Stern. Now one of you. Listen, there's quite a minute. What are you talking about? Didn't you call me? You're the guy that started yesterday. No, no, no. I didn't call yesterday. Then what are you talking about? This is that mill rose guy. Oh, this is a kid out of here. Oh, if they have few guys think that this thing's going to continue. Forget it. Forget it. Don't waste my time. Okay. If Howard's that desperate needs to use a puts like you, then more power to him. Okay. If he can get anybody listening, you lose an elu- using a loser like you on here. Get out of here. They think that they're going to continue this. Get a life. Get a life. Two open lines on the other townlines. One triple eight, four seven four. Like I'm going to get sucked into this stupidity. Give me a break. Life is too short for assholes like that. Oh, here's Dr. Mark on there right now. Mr. Bonehead. I mean, my good doctor friend. I told Georgia was Dr. No, it all. Oh, it's just that, you know, this thing is like every day. It's another degree that it goes away. And it's just lingers. I like it. Forgive me. I didn't. I haven't heard what the symptoms are. And it's really really what I called and was to address that nice batten and yeast thing. Well, what do you mean what the symptoms are? I mean, I didn't really hear what your complaint was. I mean, you're always saying about something. Oh, oh, my god. I mean, the general principle of, you know, that's your dad. And out of here, it's the same thing I've had for 17 weeks. Uh, with the lips and the coating on the tongue, the tongue is like, almost completely better. But I got the dry lips and tongue. Why don't you have any nuts? Why don't you get that to go on for a while? For a while? Yeah, for how many years? No, months. Months? Yeah. You know, no, the reason I got my way for giving months. Wait, I, I've never said months. I'm always afraid to talk specifically about what you and I talk about and shall we say the sanctity of the examining room. So I never really, I would be my guest. I have, and this pathetic, puchid old body of mine, I got nothing to hide. First, first of all, the business about nice batten. Nice batten. You know, the guy said before it, doctors, I even used said it. We, I don't want to use the S word, but we, we, we, we, we crap all around a lot. Only 20% of what we do is scientifically validated. 20% that's nothing. But this is one of these things that's actually been thoroughly studied, even to my satisfaction. I mean, you talk about me being a hardheaded. It's true. My first job is not to kill you by accident. And so when I know that something, yes, it's a nuisance. But I also know that in, in the, in the real world, he's in other words, you're going to do it on purpose, not by accident. No, yeah, right. Now, if I'm going to kill you, it's going to be very deliberately and hopefully well done anyway. Yeah. But, you know, if I know that the problem that a patient has, like this nuisance thing that you have, I'm sympathetic with the, with the discomfort and with the fact that you were talking all day long, in fact, I was talking about you with the, a mutual acquaintance who's a saxophonist. And, and I, he was saying, yeah, he's telling me about his lip say, you know, you can imagine what the guy in was going through, he works with his mouth and facial day and he has these symptoms. I know how he is held. Yeah, it's annoying his held. But I also know that I'm more likely to hurt you than help you with a, some kind of medicine treatment, like that, my statin stuff. There's very few people have any kind of bad reaction to it, but more people have bad reactions to it than get a benefit from it. It's been disproven. It's one of the few things in medicine. It's actually been thoroughly disproven. So, maybe that's why the doctor's name was Crook. Well, you know, you got to wonder, I, I asked an infectious disease specialist about this whole yeast thing. And he said, you know, we all have to keep an open mind. There are some people who may be by yeast elimination from their diet, might benefit and feel better. But it's so difficult to prove because the symptoms are entirely subjective. Yeah. And that thing that you have, remember I told you it was apt to stomotitis. Yes, you did. There's like 60 different treatments for it. And that in itself is evidence that nothing can be proven to work. Therefore, if a doctor selects a treatment that can never be proven to work, he's actually likely to do more harm than good. And that's against the rules. And that's the thing, I'm, I'm really hard headed about. Yeah. So, I'm basically, well, to tell you about my statin, but I should have known you were going to tell me how to get still feel. Well, I suggested an oral surgeon to get a biopsy because I'll prove it to you. And then you'll, and you'll get another opinion on that. Oh, God, an oral surgeon to get a biopsy? Yeah. Well, I'm telling you, you need to, but that sounds great. That would give you the, that would give you the, that would give you the, the objective evidence that you need. It would be a report from a laboratory and the biopsy on what? The, the, the dry glands on ellipse. How do you do a biopsy on your dry lip? Well, I don't, I don't, I don't do it myself. So, the technical element. I'm not really exactly sure how it's done specifically. But it's, it's going to be done with a sharp instrument and a little suture and little quartery and so forth. And they'll take a little tiny piece. I mean, we're talking about an eighth of an inch of millimeter. And they sent it to the laboratory, we're looking at the laboratory and say this fits out to Stomatitis. And then I, and then we would tell you once again, hey, this happens sometimes. And it goes away by itself. And it waxes and wanes as it has. Yeah. I think it does. Sometimes it's like it's gone. Yeah. Yeah. And then, and that's why that, that's what makes it so difficult. Because I give you a treatment or you go to somebody and he tells you my pattern or whatever else. And then a couple days later, it's better like that. Be 12 shot. How much better you fell? Yeah. It's entirely subjective and it's very, very difficult to prove. It actually worked or not. And then the symptoms come back. And then it's like, oh, well, is this a resistant case? No, it just waxes and wanes. It's hard to tell if it got better. Yeah. That's it. So how many more months do you think? Eight? Well, you know, I'm going to say three to six. But I know it's been almost three already. Yeah, you mean three to six months total? Yeah. You don't mean three to six months more. No. Well, no, I mean three months more to make it six months more. What's the longest case you ever saw of somebody having this year? A year? Yeah. Oh, my god. It's good to hear a nuisance. And again, you know, the thing is, if it's a nuisance to use a real drug against a nuisance is risking the side effects of the drug against the nuisance of a nuisance as opposed to a serious problem. And that's the whole MO. I mean, the doctors created supposed to be first to know harm. You know, we go around screwing people all the time because like, you feel this pressure to do something, do something, then you go here, take this pill, and then you go to side effect in the guy, you know, burst into spontaneous human combustion. And you feel bad because you killed somebody for a nuisance. Okay. All right. You got me sold again. You know, you know, I care a lot for you personally and professionally. Yeah. And so all I can do is say, stay away from these cracked cures as far as use the elimination from the diet. Give it a try. It may make you feel better. It may modify your diet. You're going to get a bigger one. No cheese. How's that? It's a little sugar easy for you because you're your, your, your, your, your, Mr. Mr. insulin disease diet, uh, you know, you're the actin's proponent of the century. What do you mean sugar is easy for me? Yeah, because you comprehend sugar. Yeah. That doesn't make it easy. I could comprehend booze. And if I was an alcoholic, it would make it easy. But you, I'll tell you what though. It's easier to deal with it. Copy, handing it then not comprehend. Yeah, that's the damn sure. You're right. I'm going to cut out the cheese so I get to Italy in a couple of weeks. Happy Mother's Day. I'll read the air. Okay, grad CMALA doctors. My doctor, again, he's very convincing. Any? We have an open line in day six to two nine four six three six two two. I mean, it's really much to do about another just, you know, just a very little thing. It's just basically like dry lips, not blue lips, but dry lips. Maybe some shall all putting my to it. Maybe watching the bill cause me show what cure it. 10 44 at W.I.O.D. Sixth and W.I.O.D. The 50 heaks up to days hits. My grandfather was a professional firefighter. He's been constantly saying, if your house is on fire, won't you jump and out the window? I'm like, I live on the third floor here. I mean, he, I mean, at the point, I could even lay the match in tires like in six quads. And yesterday's favorites. There are a lot of talk stations that are successful without Neo Rogers. We've had to be one of those stations. The best variety in South Florida. Sixth and W.I.O.D. He's pleased. Sixth and W.I.O.D. I'm dying of hair. You screwed it up. You screwed it up. Buddy, but taxes. One day you told him, and he agreed. Not to say the word that starts with E.D. You've changed that contract. A million times. So now you've lost the limit. He's saying, bye bye. You screwed it up. You screwed it up. You screwed it up. Buddy, but taxes. Now what you're doing is not that confusing. You bought that station for a loss. You want them all out. Even you will leave. So you can broke our time on W.I.O.D. You screwed it up. You screwed it up. You screwed it up. Buddy, but taxes. You screwed it up. You screwed it up. You screwed it up. Buddy, but taxes. You screwed it up. 1050 and W.I.O.D. We got some great cram. We're still waiting to get away today. The Jackass from the West Coast call in and try to suck us into that. That's amazing. Here's Miami on a mobile. New. Did you get a chance to watch any of the other game last night to try to get in? No, I did not. But I see. Did you try to take over time again? Three of the four games had to go over time to win it. Did you catch any of the sports center any of the highlights? I saw the winning goal. Did you see the winning the try goal? Did you see Shanahan? Was it Shanahan? I think we Shanahan that came in and pushed the defender right into the goal. I saw there was a wild scramble all over the front of the net. It happened so fast and then the puck was sitting there and the whole net was open and they stuck it in. If you take a look at it again, you'll see him come in and push the defender from. He was on the weak side of where all the action was. He pushed him into this pile and the puck just jumped out and he scored it. I mean it was glad to see them go on but it was a cheesy kind of goal that they pushed him in. That figure is they're not going anywhere. I don't care what Don Cherry says. Don's all up in arms about Detroit now and how great they look. When it takes you three or four wins over time against the mighty ducks, you know you're not going anywhere. They can't be caught right away. Anyways, I'd like to have a request and I'd like to. Well first of all, if you're giving some away, I'll take that too. But other than that, you had that Floyd and Willier, or whatever, keeping with the country seemed could we do my grandfather's, my brother or whatever, my grandmother, my mother. You know the one I'm talking about? Am I on grandpa? Is that what it'd be called? I'm on old. What do you think? The Arkansas State song? You mean? You mean that? Yeah, I'm my own grandpa. That's not my own grandpa. What is it? Oh, we're like, no, my sister, oh my life. That's not what he wants. Yeah, but you don't want to play that with the thing. It's long and really boring and old. I'm not on grandpa. It's long and takes up a lot of time. What do we care for? It's boring. There can't be as boring as the stuff they got on the ear. You're supposed to be the day. Not funny. It's not wrong. Who's asking you my own grandpa? Who's back? I'm my own grandpa. Better watch his show. Sounds funny. I know, but it really is all. Yes, I'm my own grandpa. Okay, that was enough. I didn't say it was going to play the whole thing. Well, we have an open line on the mobile one. Purple line. Pondio do that. I said I give him a little bit. A little taste. He's also the same guy that said if you're giving something away, I'll take that. We have given away one of these. I guess this audience is too classy for plastic dog poop. Man, if you saw this, I have never seen such realistic. In fact, I'm starting to gag up a little bit. Just looking at it in this little plastic sack. From our friend Larry Brigman, a dung pile of the trees up and for a louder nail. And it's got its own yeast in it, too, by the way. Here's the coral springs. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, you're a renaval. Pretty nice. You're off the highway. That's what I hear. I'm hoping, I guess you got to get, I keep seeing that thing in front. That's the four dealership. Right. I keep thinking that's going to be it. But I guess you have to get on the saw of the saw grass. It's blooming. It's growing. It's getting up there. It's ballooning. Yeah. Yeah, they said this morning they haven't had enough dark and plucked construction workers on there to get all pissed off. Well, all the sun that they're getting, some of them are turning dark. Good. That's good. I think I'm up. I wanted to touch on O.J. If I could. Please. With both hands. I'm Tuesday just getting right around the neck. You're going to get to the F.O.R. There are the ones who said that they were the station that went to work to guarantee that O.J. wasn't coming back and they spoke to the protestor and told her to cancel or plans and everything. Good work, Channel 4. You ask holes. But I thought that was pretty funny. And I did watch the, everybody doing the thing on him yesterday at the radio station, which I've never heard of before. WMBM. It's a little very low power station on Miami Beach. It's been around for a million years. They've tried every format. Most of the time it's been a black-oriented station. And then they tried to do talk and that flopped and then they went off the year for while. Then they came back on a guess it's black format again. And I mean nobody hears WMBM. Nobody can even pick the damn thing up. Nobody even knows where it is on the dial. And in closing, Neil. I tell George, not to brag about his shrunken head. Okay. Bye bye. Have a great day. Well, you know, he didn't want to hear that on my own grandpa thing because it got a kill too much time. What else wrong with you? Oh, it's just ponderous. Who cares? Who cares? Who cares? Who cares? Who cares? Here's that goal, by the way. Here's Detroit and Anahein. There's Mike Vernon, one's, oh, nice say there, Mike. Right into that. There's a, a strike up. Oh, right into that. We don't want to see all the other goals. It's one to one. And now it's going to be a two to one Detroit. Just a second. There it is right in front of the net. And is it La Poit? He ain't going to get in. Who's that? They're shenan and. Oh, that was the winning goal. Well, it happened so fast. I got it on tape at home. I taped it and went to bed. I'll have to watch it slow slow, but you know what I'm saying? Because I see ice him and's out there at the, at the time. Always good looking at Stevie Y in the freeze frame and slow mo. Especially with this close off. Stevie, I'm in God. There's a player. I don't care what Brian Murray said about while too bad. He's such a small guy. Yeah, right. We should only have a guy like Stevie, I'm in an art team. Brian. And Doug wait. Oh, I'm sorry. Don't get started again. Don't start up with those people again. Just when you thought everything was calm down. You're going to start up with those Panther people again. How they doing, by the way. Once and extra. Oh, and by the way, speaking of the Panthers, I got my thing in the May of yesterday. I'll use season ticket holders. I'm sure you've received yours or we'll today or tomorrow. Saying, hey, guess what? Here's a nice introductory bill for next season. Wasn't really a bill yet. No money do yet, but get ready. It's basically what it said. Get ready for a big check. So it came out to a lot of money. I'm like, have this dilemma. Because I will get a couple of season tickets from the other station that I'm going to, which I don't want to say QAM. I am going to get a couple of season tickets. Real good founder seats. But I am warned by certain people that those are like way down in the first three or four rows, which sounds very impressive. But at the same time, when you're down the first couple of rows, you can't see nothing. You can see nothing. So I'll have those for free. But at the same time, do I want to give up my great seats? See, there would be no question. I would spend the money. If, if. I didn't know that a lot of those assholes, those buck plugs, we're going to be back. And you know, you know, beyond the shadow of a doubt, that those people who are so irritating in my section, they're not paying for those tickets. I don't know who they work for or they're with their stealing the money. There's no way in the world that they're paying like 20, what is it? Like two grand a piece for a season ticket and that section. No way. Some of these guys, they don't make two grand all year. Although they do spend, they spend like two grand a week in beer at the game, but other than that. So that's the only a trigger in the wood pile as far as thinking about going and getting my season tickets back in 106 again. It's just that half of dozen missfits in my row and the row in front of me. Other than that, 106 is fine. We got some nice people in there. Unfortunately, now right around me. We got some real, real clowns, fools, jokers. And you, you can go, I don't care what you say about the obnoxious fans in New York and in Philadelphia. They boo a lot in there. But you can go anywhere and you can watch a ball game and for the most part, no matter what kind of sporting event is, you can watch it and have a pretty good time. I'm going to games in Rigley Field and Fenway Park in Yankee Stadium in Chase Stadium. 6th Ann Wiod. Miami Fort Lauderdale and Embarrassment of Backs and Communications and American Stock Exchange listed in Goplin, 6th Ann Wiod. 6th Ann Wiod. Neil Rogers. While you're goofing off at work, meaning what? 6th Ann Wiod. It's Friday, you pasted. I got a girl for name Carmen. She only likes to eat one thing. She don't much around with no hash browns, but get to your any other thing. Carmen just likes to eat sausage. Sautras makes a world go round. She'll open up whites, let it deep down inside and you can't help but watch, you go down. So pass the sausage. Carmen. Carmen likes it, it's steaming high. If you pass that sausage, Carmen, well, she might even say you've got a lot. If you pass that sausage, Carmen, while all that every penny in the pot, that disease you believe in with one gigantic keeps you swallow. All the sausage you got. No standing in the kitchen with Carmen. Late one Friday night. She told me that she had a craving for kibashi and nothing else would sue the appetite. We looked a while and he iced box, but there was nothing we could find until Carmen looked into my pajamas and I guess you could say she blew my mind. So pass the sausage. Carmen likes it, steaming high. If you pass that sausage, Carmen, well, she might even say you've got a lot. Not if you pass that sausage, Carmen. While all that every penny in the pot, that disease you believe in with one gigantic keeps you swallow. All the sausage you got. Yes, sir. She'll swallow. All the sausage. You got. I like it. Look at all seven of WIVA. And we get some inspiring reports. I knew there must have been some repercussion last night on this radio station from our poll that we were commissioned to take yesterday. And we'd shum it at somebody got a total shot out. Or was it like 56 to nothing with six abstentions? Something like that. Some embarrassing number. There wasn't one thumbs up for the brought on at night, late night. So here's Pasquale, who for whatever reason is of cest and very chronic facts. But nevertheless, we enjoyed. And of cest with that show, just so we can rip it. And he says he was talking about castration last night. And also said on the show, at least according to Pasquale, I can't hold it back any longer. I hate Neil Rogers. My whole day was ruined today. Now that's interesting. You silly bitch because did I? Did I contrived that poll in any way shape or form? Even the news guy whom you hate like poison. I said, I want to hear your feelings. You know what exactly? I'll you feel about these people. And she struck out. What? 59. 59. And something. With six abstentions. Right. 59 to nothing. I ruined your day. No, you must take the whole audience. You must take this whole town, Karen. Because they ruined your day. Because they all said you suck. She hates Neil Rogers. Well, isn't that a shame? So I'm somehow responsible. And additional, which, here's another fact that says her topic last night is to whack the P.P.s off convicted sex offenders. Well, I'll go along with that. How about if we whack the heads off of a talk host that don't belong on here? That way they can't talk anymore? Right? If you slice off the penis of a sex offender, he can't do that no more. And if you slice off, you can't just slice off the mouth. How about slicing the tongue out of tacos who don't belong on the ear, who are boring the audience, the number one offense in a world sounds good to me. Starting soon. We have an open line on the out of town line. One triple A. We have a given. Oh, my no, Pupiad. Can you believe that? This audience man, two uptight. It's like the fact thing. They're all in the closet. They would all love this realistic, looking dog poop, which would make a great gag. So to speak for the was, you know, for like around the house, for like right next to somebody's, or where their shoe is, for like maybe on the dinner table at night, for anywhere, or all right underneath the dinner table right in the middle of a meal, for somebody you can't stand. But that's okay. I'll just take it home and lay it around the house. And try to guess which is the real one. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. How are you doing? Great. Number one, I might say I've never listened to a Howard Stern because I've always listened to you. And there's no need to change. I'm not discussing Howard. Okay. So I'm stuck into a stupid thing with some bozo out there in the California. Exactly. Yeah. I also, that Wendy's near your house. I got by there ordered hamburger without pickles, and not only did I get two. I got eight pickles. All right. I'm believable, huh? Anyway, can I get some poop? Yes, sir. You got some crap. Here's a guy that wanted crap and you can't do the right place. I want a big load. Okay. You got it. You'll be amazed, man. Oh, can you play the Dave James song? Okay. Thank you. Speaking of a lot. Oh, can you imagine that? Well, I don't want to say that's so close to lunchtime. Hang on. Oh, God. What line is he on? Did I just put him on hold on five? I think I thought. I think he's on it. Here. Can you imagine? I realize it is getting very close to lunchtime for many of us. Isn't Lorenzo's bringing coal cuts to the air think? Yes. And also Las Vegas is bringing an employee lunch. Las Vegas. We're getting lunch from Las Vegas. I was Alice rent up. Are we not going? What a pussy you are. I can't believe it. What a pussy. Anybody who chooses to continue working for this company. And for that radio station doing that stick. Talk at a people older than death with a bunch of terminal guests. When you have an opportunity. It's like somebody on death row and somebody comes along and says, Hey, here's an opportunity. I'm going to open up the door for 60 seconds. Either stay where you are or run out there and be free for the rest of your life. Well, I'm a scared. The guy gets up off the seat and starts running the door and runs around and goes back in there and sits down again. I'm a scared to go out there to the sunlight and check out the real world. How embarrassing. So what was I going to say about having lunch? Oh, yeah. Dave game taken a dump. That might be worse than Marvellebert. Here's Wes Kendall. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Certainly much more voluminous. Yes, sir. When is Diaz? Good morning, sir. How are you? Great. Hey, I was listening this morning with that hard hitting a strata interview. I was captivated. Miss Dad. Just when you think it can't get worse, then they've got the mom from the park. It's friendly to follow it up. Should I jump? Oh, no. Absolutely. I don't understand. I thought the demographic on these morning shows was like 18 to 30 minutes. Absolutely. My Erica Strada. What was the name of that show? He was on a cop show. Chip. Yeah, chip. Rob, which is what we've got. John or John's punch or whatever it was. Yeah. You know, the old runner-run, wouldn't let Erica Strada in their park. Parking a lot for God's six. What are they doing? They had somebody else on here not too long ago. Do you want to go? No, no. Much worse than that. Oh, we're Alan King. Alan King. How about Alan Sherman? No, seriously. They had Alan King on here. Yeah, really? Well, who did that? That's where they did the demographic of 18 to 34 nos that Alan King is. Absolutely not. Or Erica Strada. Absolutely not. I don't know. You know, the show just continues. That's Tommy Kramer again, man. This guy. He couldn't drive his finger up his ass. Yeah, I was also interested on on the feedback on Karen Kay because yesterday was some great radio. That survey was excellent. Yeah, it was a lot of fun. And then she's got the goal, at least according to Baskwally. I didn't hear it myself. But Baskwally generally gets a lot of people to confirm his reports. He says he can't hold it back any longer. She hates Neo Rogers, but her whole day was ruined. You know, if I would have had all 59 colors, Colin says she's great. That would have been fine. It would have gone on a year. Absolutely. It wasn't a fudge in the thing. So to speak. I listened to the entire day, not one person could honestly say they liked her. And then he'd write it right at the very end there when that one guy tried to do it out of sympathy. And I knew he was lying. I said, are you really serious? I said, no, I just, you know, nobody. Now, one person could say that they liked her show. How do you like that? And her whole day was ruined. Why doesn't she get the message? She can't do it. She blows. She's going to run a real life. Can you understand the south? Oh, she wants. She's going to rent a room. It's ski Anderson's house. Yeah, good. Like the basement. Neo, can I get some of that? I believe it. The basement. I've got it. Hang on. Yeah, I think the basement in Florida is an underwater. We have an open line in Florida. Seven in Florida. It's in Florida. Broward pretty close in old Florida. 767, 466, 3767, WMD. I'm going to find that big thank God. I got this stuff now. During the break, I will dig it. I will just scrounge and I'll find that big black guy. And then we've had 8 million requests for that. And then all of a sudden, for whatever reason, we never popped that thing in the DCS. I'll find it. Okay. So just hang on tight. I'll find that big black guy. If it's the last damn thing I do. Okay. Not maybe the big black guy. You're looking for the one that you'd all like to put your neck and that would think around his neck. Not that one. Anyway, it's 1114 at WMD. A lot of stress here today. A lot of stress. I think I need a few months off. Broadcasting from a big stick with flashing lights. So planes don't hit it. 610, WIOD. Car theft is on the rocks. In America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds. What can you do to protect your car? An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen. The plug won't protect the valuables inside your car. But a big black guy named Ben Cam. You'd have to wait for the car, mother fucker. For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system, and even less than you'd pay for the club, you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile. You'd have to wait for the car, mother fucker. It's simple to use. Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out. And he does the rest. Whenever anyone gets within 6 feet of your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them. You'd have to wait for the car, mother fucker. Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben. It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although he really doesn't say much. You'd have to wait for the car, mother fucker. That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with. I got him to protect my car. It's the best investment I've ever made. My name is it isn't that great. There have been a lot of car sets. I can't tell you how many times I've heard of where from the car, mother fucker. Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car. Let's be sleep better at that. Call now 1-800-1 Big Guy. That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-G-U-I. And instead of hearing this, you'll hear this. Get away from the car, mother fucker. Okay, finally, thankfully, after all these weeks we found a big black guy we've been looking for. I had one in my mouth once. Here's a mobile and hollywood, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Neil, I'm not a long time listener. I just started listening, but I heard your survey yesterday, so I thought you'd give Brooke Daniel the truck. You think? Yeah. Listen to her, see how she sounded? Yes, sir. She's got a truck. Bad. You had nothing at all. Yeah. That was the fungest you got going on. She was... Oh, she is a fungus too? She was stretching this fungus crap for so long. I have no idea why she's on the air. Yeah? Why don't you guys just tick her in the ass? Get her out of there. Why are you guys? You've never seen topics, maybe. How's that? Okay, there you go. Topics. Let's get back to the guy with the engagement ring. That's good. How about the turnpike tools? There's another one we can get on a show? There's a different something to talk about. I don't know. That's all I had to say Neil. Thank you so much. Thank you. And have a great life. Okay, there's a guy like Brooke. We have an open line in Broward, 767, 463. We have one on the out of town line, an email line. It won't triple 8474. So, he's got a fungus, huh? Now, let's see. Why did I get this? One of this things first, our father may. I mean, you know, we like Brooke a lot, but... You know what I'm saying? Maybe she brought something in here. We're all contracting it. Maybe it's on his microphone. Well, if you'd stop tongue kissing her. I'm not tongue kissing Brooke, okay? And by the way, she could afford to lose a few pounds. Here is Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. God. Well, make me never 60 on the survey. Again, we're not doing no more survey today, sir. The survey is closed. Okay, I got you. The survey is closed. The message on that one, you're talking about. The message is crystal queer, okay? They don't like her. They can't stand her, and she can blame me for that. Or for all her other failures. But the fact is, the audience hates her, and it lame as routine. It was like poison. Well, the worst part I was driving back in the year for last night about 945. She's talking about the thing about Catherine and the rapist, and she says, You know, I'm not trying to contriving a controversy here. But... Right. Right. Can't believe it. Desperate, desperate attempt. I mean, these topics are older than Methuselah. All is desperate attempt. Even the light bulb don't deal with these topics anymore. Even Mr. Ego would be embarrassed to bring up these old, contrived, Hackney topics again. We've been through it eight billion times. Okay. And the bottom line of it is they bring a bunch of outsiders in here to a market where we've been through all of these things 80 million times as you know. And they think that this is all new and revolutionary. And this audience is going to be dazzled by their bull crab. I'll guess what they're not. He's been so confused. He's been a pretty nice, all right? Yeah, I'm sure. I'm sure he's just scraping the big bucks out of this outfit. You know, I got to access story for you. I was up in New York on Wednesday and I was in a reception after an offer for performance. And found out that Metropolitana, Prakano's Susan Graham, has lost 20 to 30 pounds on the act and Stuyat. All right. And you know what? So I asked whether she had gone to the act and saw office, you know, there in in New York City. Right. And she said, no, that she just bought the book and followed the, you know, follow the instructions and the recipes there. And she travels obviously a lot of our seniors, you know, get back and forth around the world and she doesn't have any trouble staying on it on the road. Uh-huh. So again, the, the power of the blue book. Well, the blue book is great, but I'm, I'm stuck, man. I lost about four or five pounds there and now I'm just, I keep having real good atkins days, but the needle ain't moving. Yeah, keep at it though. Keep at it though. The needle ain't moving, man. You know, could I scoop up some poop, please? Like Sherlock Holmes used to say, move that needle once and you got it. Thank you, sir. Hang on. Line six. Give that guy some crap. Okay. You wanted crap. You came to the right place folks. Let me tell you. That's the one thing this show is famous for. We got crap right up the old. Rectrum. Where'd you expect to find it? Anyway, it's 11 24 the heater plane tonight in case anybody cares about that. It's on sunshine. It's on this station. It's, yeah, exactly. We got any heat fans out there. We're not really sure today. By the way, how about those marlins? Gary shit. They want to gain last night. Gary Sheffields all the way down to 204 and Charles and his Johnson are down to 203. Gary Sheffield. Here's a guy. I mean, all they talked about was the fact he's been walked so many times. Well, whip, whipy do you know. Here's a guy that's hitting 204 that's getting $60 million for like playing five minutes. I mean, I am so amazed and astonished and grossed out by the fact that here's a guy that they're acting like this guy is a combination of Ted Williams, Stan Musiel, Baybrew, Ty Cobb, all rolled into one and he's hitting 204. It's not like they've only played for a week. They've played, how many games did they play? They're like 18 and 15 something like that. Let me take a look. Let me take a look. Let me take a look. Let me take a puke of the standing here just one moment please. I think I'm right there. 18 and is there right? We're at a hell of the standing's in here. You got so much you are sailing and yachting in bullcrap in his paper over here. They're like I said 18 and 15. Very good and you'll thank you. So they played 33 games which is like like a third a fifth of the schedule, 20% of the schedule already. And he's hitting 204 and getting paid $10 million a year. Oh my god, almost because he's so bright, that must be it. Here's a lady mobile in Tamarack. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, ma'am. How are you? Great. Thanks for being on WIOD. Well thanks for calling WIOD. I know. I know how you appreciate nice things. Yes. Good food. Yes. Last night I had the occasion to go to a restaurant. A brand new restaurant that opened in Western. It's called Antonella. The people were fabulous. The food was marvelous. Everything was homemade, tasted homemade. And they were just a delight which I find very rare here in South Florida. And my husband and I have the experience you can go to a restaurant 50 times and they don't remember your face that even though that you're alive. But these people welcome us like we were, you know, something special. And in addition to that the food was marvelous. And if you get a chance, you should try it. Or is it? It's off of state road 84 or you can take the 75 at Indian Trace. And you make a lesson that circle there. It's a brand new shopping center. And it's called Antonella. No, no, where is the state road 84 and where? Indian Trace. Where the hell is that? It's off of 75. If you take 75, you'll see it even a bill. I mean, out in the middle of the Everglades? Yes. But it's worth a week live in cross-spring and a 20 minute ride. It's only 20 minutes west of cross-spring's right. Yeah. So like 10 minutes from Naples, right? It's on the way to Naples, but it's not that far. Okay. Okay, thank you sweetheart. Have a great day. Thanks for the free plug. You're welcome. We have an open line of Broward 7679, 4637, 767 here's a lady mobile and west Palm Beach. Hello. Hi, Miel. Yes, ma'am. How are you? Great. No, it's okay. Okay. I wanted to say that I was finally open up the paper and I saw something that I really liked. Yeah. Yes. And radio personality, Neil Rogers. What paper is that? Access magazine. Well, that's old, though. It's old. What happened to the new times thing that was supposed to come out this week? George is a date one. We haven't got it yet. Yeah, that's Broward and Palm Beach. I'm really excited about that. Well, I think it's really cool because at least, finally, somebody's got it right. They do it, what do you mean? Finally, they do it every year. I've had it every year for like the last 600 years. Oh, this is the first year. Except last year when the, when the paper picked field hungry and the reader still picked me, which was the nice balance because that way we both got a little stroke. That's right. So come on. And I said, go ahead, Phil. I've already had a little stroke. How come the marlins can't win on the road, Neil? Who? How come the marlins can't win on the road? Have a great day, sweetheart. I found a funny. No, I did not. Oh. Did you not? So you're going to jump on me. Uh huh. I don't care about the marlins. Don't you understand? I don't care. I was just wondering why you, you know, you had an opinion, but the problem of mine. Maybe cuz Gary Shenfield sitting 204, you think that might have something to do with it? Yeah well, I would just, you know, cause you're talking. In Charles Johnson, her big star catcher from UM from the Hurray Coons is sitting 203. That might have something to do with it as in a lack of hitting. Kevin Brown asked to go out and pitch a perfect game where they can't win a game. Neil, I love it. You want to have a great day. Can you just get to have a shame on the class? Yes. Can I have a lady's LPA golf course? LPGA. LP? What do you think? You got it. Have a great day. Say goodbye already. God. We have an open line of Broward 767-9463. One on the out of town line. 188-847-49463. One triple eight-474. Karen is very pissed and upset. Let's not ruin her day again. By the way, why would we ruin her day? Because she don't listen to the station. Then she says she doesn't listen to the show. Hasn't she lied about? I mean, told you about that several times. She don't listen to the show. So how could I ruin her day? Lyrilire pants on fire. She's worse than Jack Mark. Well, 610-WI-O-D. Wonderful. I'll do do. I pooped my pants. 610. I doubled my pie. I owe D. I thought Joey sucked. I am that hemorrhate. What's the matter with less being off? For can't you tell we really love hidden balls? The only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs, bathroom stalls. I let my girlfriend go to the city. She's the family. I'm the work she calls me daddy. Must I? That five to me, Taco. All right. Still ladies, call us to me. My favorite hole it doesn't have any number. A green or a fairway. No sweat because I'm a snapper. I play golf and I'm gay. My key time got caught in the clubhouse. They made a golf. Is it only time with their guts? I'm gay. Let's play Elk. My key, a silly golf to me. And right at this great kick, sit on my face. Still ladies golf to me. So Adam just said he had a great time listening to a Karen's K-Las Knight. Not it's 1135 at WI do we have two open lines on the other timelines. One eight eight eight four seven four nine four six three. That's the audio net. That's the worldwide wicked whip. That's in fact probably Vanessa and Matt are talking on there right now doing poetry. Being evasive. Oh, that lets see it's 10 in a morning. He might be in Houston. Oh, look at that. He might even be in springfield. I hate to break the news to you Vanessa, but you're supposed to be pretty sharp at a smart broad. If it's 40 afternoon in Switzerland where would I have you are? It's 10 in a morning in springfield where what the hell that is. Where is it? Here's a Pembroke pine. Hello. Hey Neil, how's it going? Great. Um, did you happen to catch up for yesterday? I don't watch over with Sheldon. No, I did not. Oh boy. Took her less than two minutes to get him crying. No, no. He ruined. Oh, no. Yes. Are you cereal? He ruined my life. Yes. I guess I mean he likes it now. Did she ever pin him down as to why he kept going back there from her? She never really brought that up. She just went. It's like a woman who's a multiple rape victim. She's been a victim from the same guy 6,500 times because she keeps going back to his house. Well, Alexis has been raped. Bring it up to him. Oh, so she never brought it up, huh? No, that's stupid bitch. Did you see the article in the paper about Lamar Thomas? Yeah. And that one. About his girlfriend. Don't want it. She did not want to testify now. Another isolated sports incident. Right. Beating the crap out of his pregnant girlfriend by the way, the first time, which is what he was on charges for. And then when he violated the probation for doing it again, now she denies that he done it. Yeah. She doesn't want to press charges, but as long as she doesn't go in and press charges, they're not going to let him go. Yeah. The negreate. So no practice. Oh, poor Lamar. Poor guy. Yeah. And, and OJ, and an interview after practicing as golf swing, said he just wanted people to treat him like he treats people. Right. Give me the knife. Give me the machete. Can I get some crap? Okay. All right. You got some crap. Okay. Give that guy a force. Some crap, George. How many is that make? How many we got left? How much crap we got left? This makes the fourth turtle. So we have six third burgers left. All right. Two open lines on the Palm Beach and out of town lines at one triple eight, four seven, four nine, four, six, three. Thanks again to Larry and four. Lauderdale for the great pile of crap. And especially for all these stamped envelopes, the amailors man. That's really heavy duty. When a guy goes to those lengths, that is really heavy duty. Okay. Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. I'm Yelha, you doing? Great. Well, I have a request for you. Okay. I heard that blue hands will be very good. And I haven't have the opportunity. Blue hands. Yeah. Blue hands. Okay. Get the Jell pudding ready. And also can I get some crap? Okay. Thanks. See you. Have a good day. Watch out for those brown hands. Okay. Well hang on. Okay. Give some crap to that lady on one. Everybody wants crap now. I never saw the house smelling so nice. Now I'll have the lower my asking price. Nothing but containers lying on beds. All of them weird. All of them deaths. Yes. Blue hands. Weaving by life. Going to Syria. See you in a sweet night. Let's do it. Okay. By the way, chronic facts. You were total flooring. Chris sends me a facts about some article in paper. I didn't read. Okay. Whatever you say, Chris, I am right. The article. But it says, disgust. In forlater did you all mean disgusted? Do you? Chris, disgust. He'd be disgust. Okay. Chris. How are you saying? Okay. I'll tell you one thing. I did not want to predict that if we gave away crap on here that these people will be falling all over each other for it. And here we are today. And they're doing it. Oh man. Do I know my audience or what? I know my customers man. They love their crap. They're up to their earlobes and crap. Just like us here at WIWD, which is why we relate to each other so well. Oh my god. What time is the lunch coming by the way from Lorenzo's? The Lorenzo's. I have no idea. And what about this other thing you were talking about? Vegas. What is that? Cuban food. Sir. What you've never eaten in your life except for the Poeotropicode. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I love the pork. You've never had a Polymiest steak. Oh look at this. This, uh, I wanted to place something away at this equipment here. This is a joke. This is a joke. This is a big freaking joke which ain't funny. A Palamino steak. Palamino. Palamino. Yeah, probably from Palabero Park. Probably couldn't break two ten and they just said okay you're out. Palamia steak. What does that? Palamia. It's a flat pounded steak with a pounded flat, huh? Garlic and onions and okay. So it's all like a lot of it. It's wonderful. Yeah. With the woodskins and lights on it. Oh and by the way, thank you so much. I can't remember which it was right around dinner time yesterday. It was making a little repas. And one of our news stations maybe we'll see an end. I think of us seeing it and they were doing two great stories back to back. One was about the kids are getting asthma from the cockroaches being in the house and the other one was about headlice back to back on CNN right in the middle of my dinner. Thank you so much. Part of the new us captains died. Oh my god. Anyway, so so what's the story? What are they bringing? Do we know when is it going to be here? Noon, but we don't know what exactly they're bringing. Okay, a lot with end. You're telling me Las Vegas like I'm supposed to know that doesn't sound like a chain all over the place. It is a Cuban started small, but yet it's like a real make any sense to me. That sounds like a Mexican thing would be vegan. There's no Cubans in Vegas. There's Mexicans. There's a lot of Cubans in Vegas actually. There are no Cubans in Las Vegas. Are you crazy? No one was more surprised than me. From where? From Cuba. Well, that's a good place for Cubans to be from I guess. No, seriously, what are Cubans doing in Vegas? Apparently they get around. No, yeah, okay. Whenever you say George finds Cubans ever even in Taipei he's going to find Cubans. Even in Bombay, he'll find Cubans. This man can find Cubans in Uranus. Here's a mobile enough for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neah, how's it going? Okay, sir. What is this tell me is stuff? It's a little, little dog, huh? That's what you're going to be eating. It's little. I'm not going to be eating any of that. I'm eating my cold cuts from Lorenzo's. I'm just asking. I'm inquiring. Yeah, it's a pigeon. It's a pig. They do it in a some type of a sauce. Yeah, okay. Whatever you say. Anyway, maybe we got some pigeons and dropping for it, too. Yeah, I want to get one of those. No chance. We have an open line in the out of town line. One triple eight four seven four nine four six three whites. I was like you got enough of your own pal. You don't need any of ours. What a bad, bad, bad call that was man. It's a sour. That ruined my whole day if you believe that. Just like Karen K my whole day is ruined. Eight, 18, dole noon. I mean, that one a childish bitch. You know, it when you come right down to it, pathetic. Right out of the box, he comes in a town here comes prancing at a town like a hot shot from doing part time at some bogus stationed in Trenton, New Jersey comes on the air the first night to announce to the world that he's the girlfriend of the consultant, the couldn't consult us a way out of a paper sack. And then she proceeds to do this hackney, trite cornball horse crap. It don't work formula, uh, Sprit the Sprit some hot water on it, talk radio. And now she's all been out of shape because the audience hates her like poison. So therefore it's my fault. And I ruined her day, even though she don't listen to the show. I mean, talk about just being all over the place. Yeah, that's right. There's a little pile over here, a little pile over there. Yeah, I got a little dog that does that once in a while. When he's got bad, you know, had to bowl a bad grits. It kind of gives him the U-I-O-D. Listen, or we'll be forced to play crap. Sixth half. Double U-I-O-D. God help us from this. He's a creative freaking monster man. 1148 at W-I-O-D. Here's Hollywood on a mobile. Hello. Oh, Neo. Yes. I got you to a deal. Okay. Could we hear Mr. Grissom from Dick Farton? Mr. Grisson? Yes, please. I'll see if I can dig Mr. Grisson up. Thank you. Have a good week. I'll get my shovel out and back to you. Thank you so much. We have an open line on a purple line. Pound I-O-D. Has Dick Perton doing by the way. Anybody know Dick and Detroit? There's some people I remember from Detroit. They didn't know Dick. Here's a coconut grove. Hello. Yes, sorry. Great. I want to thank you for taking my cons to attend W-I-O-D. Well, thanks for calling our good friends here at 610 W-I-O-D. By the way, I wanted to correct Georgia's right. There are a lot of Cuban love figures. Doing what? Oh, gambling and other things. But I mean, like living and working there? Oh, yes. Huh. Well, you know something now that you mentioned it goes to show what a short memory I've gotten for once in his life, Georgia's right. Because what I want to the Luis Miguel concert in Vegas about three years ago? Yes. What the hell was that? A radio. Oh, I went to the Luis Miguel about three four years ago in Vegas. There were like a lot of Hispanic people. And yes, some of the more Mexicans of course, and some more Cubans because we did like a grease check at the door to make sure which were which. But anyway, I know you're not a great Marlin Span's, but anyway, I went to the game and I was fortunate enough to sit in one of the present box very close to WILT. And I don't think there was any life form in there, except the last night. But there was just a bunch of goiums standing outside guarding the door. So I don't know what that was about. Yeah. You mean that our box? Yeah, about two two doors down. And but there was no life. So I don't know what that was about. Yeah, there's no life at packs. That's for sure. But anyway, now I'm lucky. The Anna-Harn looks comatose. The other done. They can be as comatose as they want. They're toast. They've done. It's all over. And who do you like in the finals? Colorado. Yeah, Colorado. I'm rooting for Edmonton, no man. I'm rooting for those oilers. I hope they pull off another big one tonight. Now I hear that the last lady of my forgotten name. Brooke, you're gonna do a, you're gonna do a, um, helping at the arena tonight. Do you want to think about that? Why do you know that? Oh, yes. You don't know. I like it. Life spot. And I was just curious to when you live spot. I mean, she's doing her appearance. She's doing an appearance there. Yeah. And I was just wondering if she, how, if she, if she attracted, if she's good looking. No, she's a very nice person, but she's not attractive or good looking. No. But I'm gonna go to the right door anyway. Well, why does she have to be? I'm not attractive or good looking. And all kinds of people come to me at the hockey games in the area, friendly. And we have a good time. I don't have to be attractive or good looking. But just because she's a woman, you're like, uh, you want to go up there and like, uh, feel her up a little bit. No, I'm gonna go say your word. Yes, you would. If she was attractive and good looking, you'd be talking all of a sudden you'd lose your balance in the fall. Oops, you know, and bump up into her boobs a little bit. You know you would do that. Okay. If you say so. You know you would. But, uh, or you would like you would like to anyway. But in this case, so she could lose a couple of pounds. One more thing in closing. Yes. Can I get some? That was the greatest call. And unfortunately, I disconnected it. I would give them some crap. I said you have to say it assuming that it would say crap. He said the shot. I didn't mean to say, oh god, that was good. I said say crap and he said, me or I can't believe that. That was excellent. Sir, thank you so much. We have two open lines and day six, two, two, nine, four, six, three, six, two, two, double you, IOD. So, Brooks do one of the things that the heat came tonight. Do we know anything about it? We do. I don't. But I guess I don't count anymore. I'm outside of the loop. Okay. So otherwise, if I promoted it, it would be a bad deal. I mean, how come we don't get any stuff in here. So we know what's going on. Even though we are bailing out of this, you haven't so many of other people I hear. But I mean, how come? We're very nice to be able to promote our close personal friend, huh? And we can't do it because I got no information on it. That's a bunch of crap. Okay. That is a bunch of dogdo. He called back, should I give him some. Given some crap, yeah. He was great. Tell him thank you for the greatest call in history. That was he said it like so. Do you know what I'm saying? Like not maliciously, but so harmlessly, like so effortlessly. It just kind of like slipped out. We have an open line in day six, two, nine, four, six, three where we know our crap man, make no mistake about that. Here's Darrell. Hello. How's OJ doing? I don't know. Good morning. When is Diaz? Hey, me, I was the best man. Wasn't that great? You asked for it, you know? You got to say it and he said it. He did it. That would be like if I said you got to do it and he just took his pants down and dropped on right there and the other end of the fall. He did it. This is Neil. You were talking about a couple of things, a couple of these guys, I couldn't call you because I was extremely busy, but I'm going to call you now. This is a no topic show. Yes it is. It's always quite Friday too, by the way. I wanted to talk about these fats, fast food places. This ever happening to you and probably everyone can relate to this. Have you ever gone to let's say in the Wendy's drive through and the lady goes, welcome to Wendy's, you know, can I take your order and you go, yes, give me a double cheeseburger and I say with ketchup only and lettuce and then there's silence and I go and also give me five piece, chicken nuggets and then there's silence and then I go, hello and the lady goes, yes, welcome to Wendy's. Can I take your order? Like you didn't even exist. Yeah, no, I never had that. Well, that happened to me like once a month. Wait a minute, what just happened there that got you so hysterical? Huh? I'm talking to George. What just happened? Our wonderful friend, the the S guy who I just gave a thing. Yeah, got really been out of shape because I would not convey a request on his behalf. So what are you going to do? You're not going to send him the crap? Also in the crap. What was the request? I didn't get that far. Okay, I can convey requests. Well, he's a Cuban leave him alone. You should be able to understand that. Go ahead, sir. I'm sorry. Tell them some real crap. Melaton's speak, uh, getting carried away on the phone. Yeah. Oh, listen, um, have you ever heard of something called as uh, Bite alamela milaneta? What is it? Bite alamela milaneta? Probably George might know. Vitella alameleaneta? Yeah. It's real. It's no, it's the same. That's not that's the Italian. That's not Spanish. Well, it's the telemila nese. Milaneta. Oh, Milaneta. Yeah, it's the same since steak breaded and then he put like tomato sauce over that and then he put cheese over that. Yeah. Oh, that sounds good. Oh, delicious. You'll never go back to the Palomía steak or the pigeon steak. Is there really a pigeon steak? No, that's not it. I think it's I think it's made out of pigeon and dropping. No, they just cut the the steak like real thin and then they've hammered them real flat and then they took them. Yeah. I'll tell you one thing, those Cuban sure not are pounder meat. These, listen one more thing. Yes. Like, um, also you talked about these, uh, people that were talking about Halloween and, uh, and, um, the Jehovah with whatever, I used to work in a bank. I'm not going to say the name Southeast Bank, but anyways, I used to work. I used to work in a bank. And then, um, on every Halloween, every one of dressed up. And then there was always these people who wind dressed up and, and I would ask them, why aren't you dressed? Oh, no, um, you know, we can't do that. My religion doesn't allow that. And then they always have to explain to me where it came from. Oh, God. Or just like in the birthdays where I go happy birthday. Oh, we don't celebrate birthdays because do you know what what the canble signify? And I'm like, I will care, you know, um, it's a shame that that children are raised to to miss, you know, three of the best things of the whole year, which is their birthday Christmas and um Halloweenie. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I'll let Chief Andy all that sugar all or sugar shocks. Well, but it's fine when they're in adult ones. They say, okay. I think the druids had said, I think it said, Jeward plot if he acts me. Yeah. Well, okay. Have a nice day. And back to you. Thank you. See you. Okay. I think it's a Jeward plot. We have two upper lines in day six to two nine four six three six to do. How many more of plops? I mean, things we got to give away. I'm surprised you actually gave that guy the the mound. How much? How many? I mean, we got to have three four two do a three four. Uno. We give away six. Us, we still got quattro all right. In A language, quattro with a quita with a Q with a C, however you want to spell it, it'd be full. Open line of Broward 7679463. We're giving away crap here on Friday on WYOD, which sounds very appropriate to me. It's 1157 at WYOD. Even six ten double DUIOD, Neil Rogers. While you're goofing off, it worked. Okay, got bless you my son. 610 WYOD. It's Friday, you pasted. I'm Martin and I'm Barton and I'm far again. There's a lovely day. What's say we hit the link? It's jolly good, I can go. Bring him a golf at Remoines me. It was just a couple days ago, while golfing at the court. I met a lovely lady who just got a divorce. She was looking for a partner. Now that we're playing to see, she said if you've got the ball, you can play around with me. And he rubbed my bag for luck. It was just a couple days ago while at the driving range. I saw a gent in an overcoat, acting very strange. Then he dropped his trousers, revealing everything. And did you grab your clubs and go? No, I stage a watching swing. These are the longest player on the two of them. I've got your phone nine. And it's one, two, three. Five minutes at the pin. Strow your knives and easy right before you put it in. Go golf, golf, it seems to be too, it's a... I always have a ball. It's the golfers life for me. I say far go, do you remember your best ball? Or yes? A name was Daphne. She was a farmer. This is 19th old at St. Andrews. He told me I reminded her of Arnold. Oh, Paul must repeatedly... Oh, he told me he was just with this. Because yes, speaking of your ladies, I was out on the golf course one day with a lovely young lady and she was stunned by a fee. Oh, dreadful. Where was she stuck? Hmm, right between the first and second hole. I couldn't have sounds like her stance was too wide. He said that was too wide. I say boys, if I remember out in the course and struck by lightning and killed, I wanted to be reincarnated as a lesbian. Why a lesbian? Well, I still want to make love to women, but I want to get from the Red Team. I'm a fairy girl. It was just a couple days ago. I met a lovely last. We've finished 18 holes and we've crawled out on the grass. In the heat of fashion, we began to intertwine. Did you finish over par? No, we had a 69. My strokes weren't the only things that were shaped that day. And it's one, two, three. Ball, ball, fingers are gold. We love to rip the shaft and put it in the hole. Go, go, go, go! It suits me to a sea. I always have a ball. It's the golfing life for me. 16 WIOD. Neil Rogers, while you're goofing off, it worked. Okay, got bless you, my son. 16 WIOD. It's Friday, you pasted. Hi, I'm Martin and I'm Barton and I'm Farge. This lovely day. What say we hit the link? It's jolly good, I can go. Bring him a golf. That reminds me. It was just a couple days ago. Walk off in at the court. I met a lovely lady who just got a divorce. She was looking for a partner. Now that was playing the sea. She said, if you've got the ball, you can play around with me. And he rubbed my bag for luck. It was just a couple days ago, while at the driving range. I saw a jet in an overcoat, acting very strange. Then he dropped his trousers, revealing everything. Did you grab your clubs and go? No, I stage a watchy of swing. He was the longest player on the tour. That's about your fault nine. And it's one, two, three. Five minutes at the pin. Strowking nice and easy, right before you put it in. Go, golf, golf. It seems to be too a sea. I always have a ball. It's the golfers life for me. I say far go, do you remember your best ball? Or yes. A name was Daphne. She was a army. It's 19's old at St Andrews. He told me I reminded her of Arnold. Paul, must repeatedly. Oh, yeah, I'll be doing it with this. Yes, speaking of young ladies, I was out on the golf course one day with a lovely young lady. And she was stunned by a beat. Oh, dreadful. Where was she star? Right between the first and second hole. I couldn't have sounds like her stance was too wide. He felt like I saved boys. If I remember out in the course and struck by lightning and killed, I wanted to be reincarnated as a lesbian. Why a lesbian? Well, I still want to make love to women, but I want to hit from the Red Team. I'm a very good idiot. We just took up four days ago. I met a lovely last. We finished 18 holes and we sprawled out on the grass. In the heat of fashion, we began to intertwine. Did you finish over par? No, we had a 69. My strokes weren't the only things that were shaped that day. In the 1, 2, 3, four. All fingers are gold. We love to rip the shaft and put it in the hole. Go, go, go, go. It suits me to a sea. I always have a ball. It's the golfing line for me. I did boys and girls. Today, we've done a very extra special friends. Stopping by. Show us all about something new, special. I'm not going to admit that the one right now. Come on, you must like me. I already, I brought by something I wanted to show you. I wonder where it is. It looks like I cut the post with a cuter. It's me, bag boy. You want your bag? What can I touch it? Sure, go ahead. Run your hands. That's soft. You like it? What's this right here? That is my ball pipe. What do you do with the ball pipe? Your ball pipe. Put your mouth around it on your blow. Can I do that? Would you like to blow my pipe? Can I? Okay. You got to put your mouth around it. Don't be afraid. It's not going to break. I like this. Hey, that's a boy. Stick around the way down. You throw it. It's good. What's this over here? That's mid-shantel. What do we do with that? What do you do with that, ladies? Put your bow hands on it. You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick. Hey, run your hands up and down there. No, what you want to do, ladies, is you want to blow on the pipe. You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle. And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft real quick. Okay. All together, all at the same time. Okay, here we go. Good, ladies. Hey, that's good, ladies. Sure. It's good, ladies. Keep more. No harder, laden. Squeeze the bag. Squeeze, man. No, you run your hands up and down the shaft. Stick faster. Run your hands up and down fast. No, no, no, no. You do your play on the pipe. Come on, ladies. Come on, ladies. Come on, ladies. Okay. Come on, ladies. You're not here. You're not here. You're not here. After the kiss, me, but her, maybe. Okay, 10 past noon at WOD. Welcome to all Scottish Shenoon out here today. Oh, Scotsman, man. They're flipping it. So thanks to Lorenzo's launches here. What about that other stuff? Are you going to go out there and grab that? I got some people. Bring in stuff. Bring in one. One, some would they have roast pork with onions and chicken. Roast pork with onions. That sounds really kosher. Good. Anyway, we got roast pork here as a matter of fact. We got other gold turkey breast and baccante profiloni. An actual Swiss cheese and Lorenzo's own roast beef. And it is multi-bany. It is great. Thank you, Lorenzo. Thank you, David. Great stuff. I'm doing the best I can, man. I don't see that needle moving, but I'm doing the best I can. And my doctor says just dummy up. We have two open lines in day six to two nine four six three six two two WOD. Here's David. Hello. Uncle Leo. Yes, sir. What's the matter, Nana? You think Zoe and Chef are worth 300 grand a week? Yeah. And the way I figured it out. Is that what it comes out to? Yeah, about 300 grand a week. Okay. Crazy, huh? What's 300? What's 300 grand a week when you got the money that Wayne's got, you know? You on the other hand, you know, you're new contract. Congratulations on that. Uh-huh. You're well worth a thousand bucks an hour, man. Right, I agree. They're getting a deal. I think 10,000 an hour sounds better. Hey, why not? Starting last week. Hey, um. Interactive's in 1976. Uh-huh. Yes? Oh, I'm still here. You're still there. I do have a request for you. Okay. Later on, but thank, talk to you a little bit. I want to hear that mad dog things the greatest hits. Okay. But, um. I've read in the paper, the, Brower County, and it was given a department of transportation a bunch of money. How in the world? Why are they giving 10 million dollars to, to improve the Oakland Park Boulevard 441 intersection? I mean, where do they spend that kind of money? It's in the middle. I don't know. It's crazy. Yeah. And, uh, as far as you're given away a bunch of, uh, crab today. Yeah. Two weeks in a row, the sunset will screw up my head. So please send them my crab. Okay. And, uh, there you go. That's for the sunset, or where they really know their crab. And your crab is their middle name. And you're talking about the windies and, uh. By the way, how do you like that newscast? We just had with John Millhouse, uh, Puppek III, who spent, uh, 45 seconds at a totalizing about value jet, which quite frankly, the fact they let value jet go back up at here, there ought to be a congressional investigation as to who will all that happen. Absolutely. But he likes him. Thought politics, you know? Yeah. Definitely got to pull the reins back a little bit on the commentary. I like, you know, the way you get excited about that. Too much canoe is an all commentary now. It's turning in now that he's got this award winning and he won our polio today, big time. Now all of a sudden there's no news anymore. It's just William Robert Millhouse's opinions now. That's the thing. People get big heads and then he can't, right? Can't stop them, Neil. Anyway, we should all boycott Wendy's in Christ. So for pulling their hands off that Ellen DeGeneres show, because we know no gay people eat it when these are dry. So uh, the hell with them? gay people don't eat that trade meat. I'll tell you that right now. No, right sure. Any gay guy that hasn't had better meat than his mouth than that. They should not. I'd love to hear maddox things a great at hit, Neil. Okay. Who got it? See you. Sing a bye. We have an open line in Broward, 767, 9463. Would you like a taste of this poke? I'll have a taste of some poke. Who's poke is it? Huh? Oh, it's his poke. I didn't know that. I'll taste it. I wanted it. Not bad. So anyway, it's 1214 at WIVD and a really great Friday. And of course, like I said, William Robert Millford, the turd, tremendous popularity. Everybody loved him up till today. But now all of a sudden, he's not going to try to keep starting to rip a little school kids, okay? Rip in little punky school kids on there who want to put memorials down to make a big song to dance about the people who tried to dry and died in that plain crash. And then they die first to dry first while it's not important now. Anybody who would defend value, Jett, needs a lobotomy immediately if not soon or I'll tell you there right now. How could this government, if they cared about the public, or I just answered my own question? Because they don't let them go up. Let me say it again. If you're going anywhere on a plane and you see a clown on the plane, I would run like crazy and get off it air and scream in the old bloody murder. I'm telling you right now, don't do it. That's my own personal opinion. I don't get on airplanes, what is a clown on a plane? And if there happens to be a picture of a clown on a plane, then I really get off fast. 1215 at WIOD. Now you can have your cake and eat it too, speak of that. The Dr. Racken's low carbohydrate cheesecake. Dr. Racken's the creator of the wildly successful Atkins diet has created the only authorized Dr. Racken's cheesecake with only three grams of carbs per serving. And as the perfect treat for low carb dieters, plus the Dr. Racken's cheesecake is rich. It's creamy. It's delicious. Dr. Racken's developed the cheesecake to meet his rigorous demands who you can enjoy to know that you're staying within your diet guidelines and not low overloading on carbs. But you want to make sure you're getting the real things to look for the Dr. Racken's Signature right on the label. Have your cake and eat it too with Dr. Racken's low carb cheesecake and try the other great Dr. Racken's products too like lipolize. I have no idea if I'm pronouncing that right, but who cares? His delicious protein drink lipolize, you lipolize, you whatever it is. And the Atkins baked most for pancakes as well. You can call to find the store nearest you that carries all this good stuff or even call this number and find out about home delivery. Call 1 Triple 8 Dr. Atkins. That's 1 8 8 8 8 D R 8 K I N S. And be sure to look for Dr. Atkins Signature right on the box. 1 Triple 8 D R 8 K I N S. 6 tan W I O D. She'll never see the light of day. What happens in your bedroom is your home private business. But if you're going to start looking at movies in your six, that's bottom line, you're a sickle. I, I, you know, like I said, I don't like it, but I don't want to get in. Chris, you know, I don't want to force my religion upon you. Yes, see. No, that's the way I see. See, I tend to trust people who want to come up with you before I trust born again. Karen K. We can't. 6 tan W I O D. The Mad Dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from Blackpuster Entertainment, Jim Manage sings duet. Well, I'll ride. Ride to the round of the feet. Well, I'll ride. Here's the Mad Dog. Kennedy Mod出來. Porter? Seren boxer. Rachel, you're stillero harder, right? I watch this while it rings. M bardzo vegarveker. Louis's killerware of course, Top idle. Cook, play, play. Peter, Olivia, you're me.嗎 Well, right, well, right. Well, right, well, right. At first Jim said he built a little bit foolish. Like that. You're making a hole. But now he says, I like this. Like the Mad Dog just can't kiss enough for that cottage cheese bar. If he wants me to sing God plus America and face these in the G-string up here, I'll do it. You got to go! And everybody knows that is so rare. Whoa! So rare! Listen to the Mad Dog, sing himself happy. I'm sad, I'm sad, I'm sad, I'm sad, I'm sad. Jim, Mad, sing you at the available now. It all blocks us. Okay, so here's the image. Here's the load down. Okay, here's the story. Brook Daniels just called me just simultaneously. In fact, she and Tracy just had a simultaneous stop at the... Well, you'd pay admission to see that. So at any rate, by the way, she looks just like Cindy Crawford. Okay, I'm just trying to get the guys to back off a little bit because otherwise, we'll have this enormous ground swell. All these horny guys will be out there, like falling all over her, like stink on the... What were you in a way today? So the Brook Daniels shows she's very sensitive. You could lose a couple of pounds. Okay, I said a couple. I didn't say a ton of weight. That's all I said. And I also said she's not a beauty queen. Now is there anybody who would say that Brook Daniels is a beauty queen? I'm looking at 120 people in the other room. None of them are raising their hands yet. It has deep inner beauty. She's a terrific person. She does a fine show. We love Brook. Was that like saying you have nice eyes? Something like that. She's fine. She's fine. She's no Randy. Well, thank God. So anyway, Brook is doing her show live on location from the heat pregame festivities this afternoon at the arena. And her show is going to be airing from 6 to 7 to 1. 6 to 7 30 in a PM followed course by... The Latman and the free game show. Oh, I just can't wait to hear. There lots of me. Talk about getting fat. Now you look really great out there. Brook, you hang it out with him. He is gotten, he's blown up like somebody stuck up bicycle pump inside his He's blew him up like a bull frog. He must be in high off the hog. I'll tell you that. And speaking of the hog, thank you so much to Las Vegas. I already thank Lorenzo. I mean, that course without saying Lorenzo is just the best. They're great. God, there's stuff is so beautiful. It's great. But anyway, I'm trying this Las Vegas stuff for the first time. It's... Now if I say this, is this going to get our friends at Pojo Tropicala? Because they love me. Is that going to get them out? I love them too. Are they competitors? Las Vegas does not have a drive through window. Yeah, but Pojo Tropicala, advertised as a show. It's a different kind of restaurant. They also have Palomios takes it Las Vegas, and they don't have Pojo Tropicala. They have Pigeon steak. So at any rate, I'm having a little bit of poke here with onions. Pojo Tropicala. What is it? Pojo Açado. Mmm. Those Cuban... See how we're new to this Cuban. Sure love their pork. Man, oh man, the Cubans love their pork. Make no mistake about it. In fact, I would say probably more than anybody in the world. The Cubans love their pork. I had one in my mouth once. Mmm. We have an open line. An open line in day, it's 622. One at Brower, it's 767. And don't forget to lovely the talented, the amusing Brooked Angels. We'll be at the before the weekend. She'll be out there at the Arena. So give her a big kiss. There you go. I'm trying for you, Brook. I begged and I pleaded to get some PR on this. And I'm doing it. So there you go. But you can never satisfy these people. Like, line, you sure really did. He said I was ugly. Did I ever say she was ugly? I never said that. On the air. I mean. Hey, I'm an ugly old fag. I can deal with it. It doesn't bother me. People don't listen to the show because they think I'm some kind of an egregious to something like that. We can't all be young and lovely. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, buddy. Yes, sir. Are you done? Pretty good. Neil, I've been watching the Jersey New York series. Oh, it's used in your still awake. Congratulations, sir. Probably taking no dose. Pop it up by the handful. No, the game last night wasn't so bad. Oh, it was. Are you serious? They had another distillate goal, which was sort of, I mean, at some point you have to look at yourself and say, but that, that goal was kicked into the net. You're talking about the goal at Randy McKay kicked into the net. That was like even no contest. They kicked it in. Oh, I know. But I mean, still. I mean, I know. I was still not the net had nothing to do with an increase. He kicked a puck in the net. Okay. I mean, even still. It's killing me. That's that New Jersey can't put it together without Andrew Chuck. Although I heard rumors that he might be coming back. Yeah, it's said in the paper this morning that he's skating, but they don't know what he's got. He better come back pretty quick like tomorrow, man. They can just all, they can all go home to the Palicades Park. Yeah. It's like you say that was, it's pointless because they're dead. They are just dead. I know that New Jersey rolled over and played dead. They're sticking the join out. Yeah. Well, I mean, I'm not worried about New York anyway. It's Philadelphia. Make sure it work of it. I think so. I got to give credit man. I mean, I try to be fair. Not like a lot of these jackasses out there. Rangers are playing. We'll go to the playing. Great defense. Richter was on his head again. He's playing great once again. And they're tough. And of course, Gretsky is much as I despise him. What a goal that was last night. Nobody touched him. I'm touched by human hands again. It was like a Xerox copy of any one of a number of goals against the pants. Right. Exactly. And it's that typical Gretsky sleazy sucker on the net. And stick it in there. Not that one from the, from the circle boy. He wasn't anywhere near the net. That was a great shot. Yeah. It was a rocket. I mean, he had that tight angle. But, you know, whatever you want to say about him. You got to give him credit. They're playing good. That's the same. It is still boring, but they're playing good. So I look forward to seeing Philadelphia in Colorado. Because that's what it's going to be. I love I loved. Did you watch the whole game? Yeah. Did you hear toward the end of the game when the Ranger fans started the on the devil sucked. That only in New York. And I loved it. It was, it was even as much as I'd like to Rangers or their fans. It was most amusing. It was kind of like pot fans sucks. It was the same thing. The devil sucked. The devil sucked. It was great. It was typical New York. They do suck. They're sticking the dinner. They're just other than that one big year they had two years ago. They just, they don't know what it is. I still have Bobby Comfort to go. So, you know, that might be my, Well, I hope you have a happy life with them. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. I don't need any crap because I got nothing my real. It sounds like it. Okay. Okay. There's a devil's fan. There's a little down in the dumps and I can understand that. I can relate to it. Okay. How am I leaving doing it to play off by the way? They're doing it. They're kicking some serious ass. There goes Bert Homestead on a breakaway. Come on, Bert. You can skate faster than that. Where's Jim McKenney when we need him? Where's the lovely Jim Dory? Where's my good friend Bill? You would. How's he feeling? He ain't feeling open. He ain't taking home or Barb's from that John Shannon at the CBC. I'll tell you that. We have an open line in date. 6222Wild. We have 100 Broward 7679463. We still got some more crap here. What? 3 or 4? I think we got like four more piles of crap. To give away. What? 6? 6? No way. We had a dozen. Oh, we had a dozen. No way. We didn't have a dozen. I thought you took one. We had extra. What do you mean? What do you mean by that? We have extra crap. They sent 14 and it doesn't envelopes. What language are you speaking? Is this damn pork with this? It's a big pile. Can you speak any language? Can you speak any language? Give me some like real numbers. Kinsek. Katorse. DSS. DSS yet. DCO Jo. 20. Quindici. Katoridi. They sent 41. Tatiana Spanish. I'll give you some numbers. Dominor Forsk. This is a matter of fact, Can we get a good number in here before too? I wanted it. The opinions expressed on WIOD are those of Niel Rogers. Oh, can people believe this crap, you know what? There are other opinions. But not for long. Oh, right. WIOD. I know that the Lord even loves Niel Rogers. The Pope, Pope, Pope, Pope, Pope. He takes it in the mouth. The Pope, Pope, Pope, Pope. He's writing an ass. He's the Pope, Pope, Pope, Pope. He likes to twist the bowner. The Pope, Pope, Pope, Pope, Pope, Pope, Pope. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. You can talk it if you want. And the Pope will join you. If you let him touch you, rope, he will surely bless you. If he tries to pull your rope, next him have a feel. If he looks like this girl is, call up for his real. The Pope, Pope, Pope, Pope. He takes it in the mouth. The Pope, Pope, Pope, Pope. He's writing an ass. The Pope, Pope, Pope. He likes to twist the bowner. The Pope, Pope, Pope, Pope, Pope. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Pope, Pope, Pope, Pope, Pope, Pope, Pope, Pope, Pope. I got him out of full of pork. 1233 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line in date. 6221 at Broward 7679463. Here's deer field. Hello. Hey, new? Yes, sir. How's it going? Great. Can you put it? If you see K.A. song? I like the way you said that. And can I get some crap? All right. Here's a guy that not only wants if you see K, but he wants some crap to go along with it. You got it, pal. All right. Hang on. Hang on, tight. Okay, line four. Send that young man some crap. And then he'll know what life is really all about. What that will play in this country is like a lot of people talking to him, push. I had a chicken in pay. One day she flew away to Teo Anoweth, a moon is blue. Double is blue. But with our right wing censorship, boy. Here's the muscle slipper. To do it, tell you how I feel for K.A. I'm here for you. So. As you see K.A.A. She went on. I'll see you with Teo Anowto. Now is you C.K. Tell her I'm a Surrey State. And the FCC won't let me sing this. So on, I wrote you day now if you C.K. Take your hand. She'll be safe. That after this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days old. Rissing C.K.A.A.A. To Anoweth. Then I'll see you with Teo Anowto. But I go, but I gotta see with Teo Anowto. Well, 35 at W.I.O.D. I can just see the headline in the heroine Monday morning, man. Rogers, who's listters with crap? Hey, listen, I've been doing it for 21 years. Why not now? Well, this is from a guy in K.A.2 and in late named Larry Brighman in Fort Lododale, who makes a Dung pile novelties. That's a name of his company. And for four bucks, you can order realistic looking dog poop or realistic looking vomit or even a shrunken head replica. Which looks just like water Sabo on a bad day. And I only have to do a send four bucks for each, including shipping handling and sales tax. Two, Dung pile novelties, PO box 23758. Fort Lododale, Florida 33307. That's PO box 23758. Fort Lododale 33307. And talk about realistic looking. It's enough to make you just looking at it. Wow. That is a beautiful thing. No corn though. No corn because dogs don't eat corn. If there was corn in it, you know it was erasats. Here's Lododale, for all we know it might be. We're going, you know it. Here's Lododale Lake. Hello. Yeah, no, how are you doing today? I like to say I like your show man. I'm a young guy on listen to radio that much. That's a good move. I just turned it on last week and I'll turn it on every day. Just listen to you, man. You great. I am great. Right. Hey, listen. I don't want to be argumentative. You know what I'm saying? Whatever you say, you say I'm great. I'm great. Yeah, I was wondering about the Florida Mollons, man. Oh, God. What about that Kerry Sheffield? It in 204. What are we going to do about that? This guy's getting made $8 billion a year and he's been into 04. I hit better than that. Exactly. You could go out there and do better than that. You'd do it for half the price, right? You know, I was wondering, won't they move that team to a lot, though, or something? Yeah. They make more money. How about Davy? Davy or something, like a big cow past you're out there and Davy would be good. I'm on my amy. They moved it. They said they'd put it for the Cubans. Cubans don't know from baseball. The Cubans are too busy eating pork. I'm telling you, man, the Cubans love their pork. And they want them with each, man. With the who? Heads. Tonight tonight we'll find out. Well, you think they're going to come out? No. I think they've had it. I think they've been done. Have a great day, pal. You're doing, man. And a great life. I'll read it, Ertie. Let's see. Well, my, uh, okay, here's one. It says, well, my S, come into mail or someone from WI do. I think that the Walter Sabo is going to come right to your door and drop it right there on your mat. That's what Vanessa said. I'm guiding like somebody's going to drop some on mat if he don't cut the crap. So we've had quite a day here today, given away dog poop and just eaten some free meals or two or three. And thanks again to the people from Las Vegas, not the Nevada, but Las Vegas, the restaurant. Excellent. And then we even had the honor of having my doctor run a phone before doing his like little witch doctor routine there. And Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, which I have no idea what he said, but he does like I told you I promised you and he didn't let us down. I had a feeling he might call. Didn't never let us us down. Very authentic sounded. Right. Very, uh, very forceful, very demanding, very, uh, he's like a bush boss. He knows what's going on. And then when he's threatened me, well, if you want to really have a biopsy and have like your lower lip removed, we can do that. I said, no, I think I'll pass. Okay, then shut up. It'll be alone. Open line in day six to two. We got a parent, brawler, things have slowed down to a crawl here. It's the new now. You don't think the fact that we're eating all this good food has inspired these people to start putting a stuff in their mouth like pork. I will guarantee you we got people in this audience right now. I would bet a lot of money. Just because they're copycats. Nobody has found. I've got an original idea. I bet there's people out there eating pork just to be copycats right now. I had one in my mouth. One. Let's go to Sarasota. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. I've been able to talk to you for a couple of years. Yeah. Yes, you in. I just wanted to touch on a couple of things about this Ellen Show last week. Yeah. I think it's a sad statement of our country and our society when we have to hype and hype and prepare. Right. Get ready. There's a lesbian out there. I'll get prepared. Isn't that juvenile and pathetic? I didn't embarrass it. In addition to which the show sucks to begin with, nobody watched it anyway. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the show is. I know what the fans of the show is. I know if the fans of the show are the fans of the show it's. The fans of the show are the fans of the show's. the fans of the show are the fans of the show. The fans of the show are the fans of the show. Wow. the fans of the show are the fans of the show. the fans of the show is. If fans of the show is the fans of the show. If fans of the show are the fans of the show. If fans of the show are the fans of the show. the air party the all right. I like the regulations again a very Jackson at the a hero for another inane and totally in Oculus column this morning. Nice going Barry you put 12 50 10 till one a W I O D as a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. I'm keeping man. I love pork. I bet you do. Hey and it's good for the act inside. Let me tell you. That's what I hear. Yeah. I love pork man. And let me take an African crap. Okay. Hey guys who loves pork and knows his crap. I love pork and I love 2 pork 2. You love one? I love 2 pork. 2 to 2. 2. Pop. Yeah. Okay. Hang on. Before you talk to yourself out of your crap. Hang on. Okay. Give that. That's what I've always wanted. People call it asking to be given crap. They're those who would accuse me of giving audience crap. And today they're begging for it. They're dying for it. How do you like them apples huh? They like it. We have an open line in Broward 767. And when you see this those of you lucky stiffs who are going to get this. So you're going to say hey man. That looks really a little bit too real to be true. That looks really really nasty. I think it's not so much the texture and the color. Trust me what I tell you. Believe me as an expert. Here's the homestead. Hello. Homestead. Hello. How you doing Neil? Great. I was just wondering on your survey that you had about the. Uh, a noun survey the third. Yes, he has today. Yes. Yes. Where they think about getting rid of him or something. You're asking me. Well, I was just wondering because I think you. I'm I'm one of the ones that voted for him. Yeah. Uh, he's not going anywhere. They love him. Harry Harry penis brought him in from Orlando. He's imported. He's part of the a pack's in plan. Oh, I think okay. I wouldn't be surprised that they stick him on here. Do intend to win. I'll hope he stays around. I'm voting for it. Yeah. He's great. In fact, that last newscast to me when he. We gave like 85 seconds of opinion on value jet. No, it's poor little kids. That to me was what it's all about. Yeah. I mean, he tells him like it is. And that's how you should be. Right. Exactly. No news. Just opinions. Right. Yeah. Well, I'm here long time. Do you remember Gabriel heater? Oh, yeah. There's good news tonight. Oh, yeah. There's good news. Yeah. Yeah. I'd put this kind of same class with Gabriel heater and Westbrook van Vories of all the cronky. Well, I think you should be around enjoying hearing him. I got my dial in the radio set for WQAM. All right. WLOD. There you go. You can hop back and forth. Just go back and forth and get all the good stuff. Excellent. I was wondering about your knowledge of restaurants. Because I've been here for a while and I asked a guy at the other day. If the restaurant was kind of fast food restaurant kind of a little dirty. And I said, do you guys have to get health cards? And he didn't know what I was talking about. Sure they do. Do they really? Yeah. I was just wondering about that because I'm a luster from Haiti. They're from Haiti. They give them a special dispensation. Yeah. That's right. Or unless they have real long hair. I was wondering if I could have two requests. Yes. The more cheese please. More cheese please. You know, when you just say more cheese please and then you get the sound behind it. Oh, as in. Yeah. That's it. And I can get some crap. Okay. You got some. Okay. There you go. Line two. That old guy. I mean, I'd like to go there. Want some crap. How do you like that? Young people, old people. Everybody can use some crap. How many we got left? Three. How many crap do we got left? I want to make sure. I don't want to give way more crap than we've got. We got three more now. Three as in. You've turned. For exactly. We have two of this is disgusting. You know what? What have we come to now? What kind of level is this show degenerated to that we have to buy the audience by giving away crap? Does that give you some idea? I'm enjoying it. And I'm sure you are too, right? Yeah. Two open lines on the out of town lines. One triple eight four seven four health card. My ass. Just the stick of the minute they work cheap as long as they give it, especially in the drive through with the fast food joints. As long as they give their customers a hard time and be the wrong order, we like them a lot. Never heard nothing from Dave Thomas. Yeah. The day was allegedly here right in town from Wendy's. We love their food. We just don't like their help. We love their food, especially hold the bun. But we don't like their health. In fact, you know, one of the things about Wendy's that used to piss me off back before Actions when I didn't give a crap. Oh, sorry. Can't say that when I didn't care about the weight. When I was really a lot better than I even am now. Wendy's used to what they would do is they'd bring in like a, would say for a limited time only something really, really good. Then when you got to really like it and you go back there, oh, we don't have that anymore. It's been discontinued. Do you know what I'm talking about? They had some really, I wish to I could remember what the hell they were. There was like about a half a dozen different burger sandwiches, whatever it hell they were that were sensational Burger King did that with the Ville Palm sandwich, which I really like. Yeah, right. That was about the only good thing they ever had by the way. That didn't taste like Schueler or rubber. They had the Ville Palm sandwich and we don't have that no more. It was too good. What up, but and you know who else did that? Arby's. Arby's did that. They had a sandwich. What the hell was it? Oh, it's for a limited time only because it's really pretty good. What does that mean? Why do they do that? They get you all whipped up. They get you make a special trip to go over there because they actually have something that might be because consumed by human being who still got taste buds. And then, oh, we don't have that no more. That was for a very, very limited time only. Bastards probably because it's like a lost leader, cost in a money losing on it. We have two open lines in day to if you carry to a participate here. And if not, we don't care. 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 6 2 2 W I O D. Here's Pembroke Pines on a mobile. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Uncle Neil, I was curious. I had a radio accident and I listened to Jim really once that. Oh, my God, you're the one, huh? The worst radio I ever heard sounded like Larry King, right? Yeah. The worst crap in history, in fact, it's worse than the crap we're giving away today. Is Karen, is Karen as bad as it? Now, that's, we may have to take a pull on that on Monday. You may, you just planted a seed in my mind. We may, I want to waste another three hours, but we might have to take a pull on that. There you go. KNS must model. Karen K or Jim really Monday, three hours sounds good to me. Can I get to request? Not that I want to ruin her day again. Yes, sir. One, can I get some crap? Yeah. And number two, two joints. You want to crap into joints? Okay, wait till you see what's in your bag. It'll probably be like a Wendy's triple cheese. Hang on. Thanks. 610 WIOD. Neil Rogers. While you're goofing off, it works. Yeah, 610 WIOD. The water's a two hour. What's the biggest coat? It's right here, please. Thank God, you're here. Oh, my gosh, I like it. I like it. I like it. I smoke to judge. I smoke to judge. I like it. I smoke to judge. It ain't after the oil. It makes me feel alright. I have no right. I smoke to judge. I smoke to judge. I smoke to judge. Before I smoke to judge. I smoke to judge. Oh, my bad day. He wants to meet some new, He hard-working man. From my mind, He wants to meet some new,deb as you can. He says, one day. Ham the table. He changed me and said. Hold my word to him. And I'll hurt my aunt with first-take care of her. So no. I smoke to judge. When a gayemiding mind im many. I smoke to judge. When I get a ride in the car. I smoke to judge. I smoke to judge. When I deceive me again. And everything lies and points. I smoke to judge. I'll smoke to judge. I smoke to judge. I'm a priest and two in time, whoa! Oh! I spoke to John, he called us, but to John. And there I spoke to him, oh! Yeah, I'm sorry! I'm just a man! My foot, John, I really get my hands and a wife. I've... I've... I've... I've... I've... I've... I've... my... my pain! You heard me? I'm a dead-a-e-was-tot-me, so you be hard-working man. My mama, she wants to be so you, so you may best you can. But then, one day, I met him, and I met him, and I gave him the answer. I heard me, I'd want to be so you, so you may best you can. That's why I... I spoke to John, he called us, but to John. I have no force, can. I spoke to John, he called us, but to John. I spoke to John, he called us, but to John. It makes me feel alright. I spoke to John, he's time I'll be so you, so you can. I spoke to John, he called us, but to John. And then I spoke to him, so you can. That's what I do. Oh, good John. Come and spoke to John, he called us, but to John. Oh, good John. Come and spoke to John, he called us, but to John. We're leaving, we have to you, yeah. Oh, good John. Yeah, we're just like there's no good John, so we're just like your homework. Oh, good John, go, you want to say that. Okay, it's 109. At WIO, do we got two piles left, right? Point out Rice Krispie's treats. 17 carbs I just had, that's my quota for the day. That's it. Well, I'm all done eating for the day. Done eating. I am. I'm done eating for the day. I got a tiny glass. Got that big hockey game, Edmonton, and whoever they're playing. Oh, they plan. Oh, Colorado. And that's it. No more eating today, baby. No more solid food for this kid. Boy, these, if I could just have one of these every day, that would be my quota. No more sugar. That's what the doctor said. You know you're a sugar. That's right. It's loaded with sugar. And boy, as soon as you've made it, but into that thing, you say, oh, I could eat about 40 of these. Right, because it's addictive. It's loaded with usul-card, zucado. It's loaded with nature's poison, with man-made poison. Sugar, sugar kills. Why did I eat that? I hate that Adam Kirchner. Thanks, Adam. Okay, let's go. Well, sounds good. Here's a mobile in high, LIA. Hello. Uncle Leo. Yes, sir. I just turned in. I haven't heard you in a while. I've been unable to listen to you. Why is that? I was working at the airport on a schedule like 9 in the morning till 5 at night, and I couldn't listen to radio. Oh, my God. What a waste of time, that is. Yes, sir, it was. And a poor pay, but I gave that up and now I'm out here learning to drive 18 wheels. Great. So, I tuned in today and I heard briefly a little while ago that you're going somewhere else. You're moving? Yes, I am. Where are you going, sir? I'm going to 5.6 EWQA. I'm one of these days. I can the next a few months sometime. All right, God bless you. That's great. A couple other guys have been over there since whatever. Yeah, like managed in Bocapar and DFO and old Bunch of Goi, yeah. Yeah, well, yeah, Mad Doggy is my favorite, as far as that goes. But anyway, you're your God. And God, it was another question I would ask you. And forgot what it was. Well, oh, yeah, can I make a request? Yes. Can I hear Neil God sometime before 130? Yes, you may. Thank you very much. Can you can and you will? Maybe one more request? Yes. I possibility getting some crap to melt on my dashboard. All right. Thank you, sir. You got it. Hang on. All right. Okay, there's a guy who's back with us again looking for some crap right away. Line one. We only got one thing. A crap left. Oh, brother. It's going to be real nipping tuck. It's going to be down to the wire to see who gets our last oozing thing. A crap. Now, what about this one? Are you counting this one too? Because I don't want no crap. Do you have a 14 in there or what? I know you're taking the guys number. Are you counting this? No, that's extra. Okay. So we have like two more to go. Well, you never know how long we can milk this. We can always give away this puke. It's quite frankly that that's that's pass a. Everybody has seen plastic puke, you know? It says sprinkle a little faster run to make it look more realistic. Sprinkle, it spits a little water on there. Or maybe just do a little scorch score. Number yourself on it or make it look like real puke. But everybody's seen that. But this, oh my god. This is the most beautiful real list of, ah, you can almost smell it. I think it's real. So anyway, we got two more those. What the hell is this guy want? I want to know how many of you I would do. Oh, I'm kneeling. Oh, yeah. There's good. There's good. There's good. Look, power that nails president say man. Yeah, I'm the most powerful god day man in the world. Yes, I am. Oh, yeah. There's good. There's good. Look, power that nails president say man. Yeah, I'm the most powerful god day man in the world. So let me correct you. There's a made out of people. I love it. Here's what I'm saying. Thanks for never hearing. To get that taste of smell out of you. It's been about 86% of newborn boys in this country are sick of society. Procedure is widely performed without any sort of anesthesia. I have no prep here. I'm glad I heard. Oh, yeah. God, now God. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. God, now God. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I will ask me tonight's blog post to any other company that perpetuates this kind of behavior. You've got to ask me how you got your first. How you got your first. How you got your first. It's me again. It's an ozone provocateur. I don't have a bolt spot. I'll take a while. Hey. Thank you. I know that the board even learned you're righteous. Father, who's God. Oh, God. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. They're married. God. God. How's that? God. Ah, you have no beer. You don't do much of it as well when I'm talking. They doesn't want that. It's great radio. I am the hemorrhage. Do we have a longer cord than this piece of crap? Look at this. Look how short this stamp thing. Oh, yeah. I'm going to take this cord and I'm going to... Cover the right up his hands. Oh, no. This place operates like a freaking nuthouse. It really does. I want to be left the freak alone. Okay. Oh my god they're not done with that thing yet. Oh this place though we talk about the wheels of progress. We used to say they moved slowly with Cox here they move in reverse. These people are so slow so ponderous baby. Even the Lauren Green never saw anything so ponderocie is this place. W-I-O-D. It's a party out there. Hey let's eat out Italian tonight. No let's eat Jamaican man. Now you're both with the new Italian Jamaican restaurant, Montreal, Lagandra. Where the more you eat the hunger you get. Try the Italian deli featuring the bacon lettuce and Jamaica sandwich. It's Magilla, Gondra. Emma let me roll you a big canoly. A big molly bomber. Cool. At Magilla, Gondra factoni a big Curtis personally smoke all the meats we serve. Emma, troll me the lita. I'm going back to the smoke out. From pin stripes to winstripes you'll really love Magilla, Gondra. It doesn't matter what's on the menu. You'll want it all. A secret blend of herbs and spices. Well mostly herbs. Hey doc, cazardard joint. We'll Jamaica more. Yaman. Okay one nineteen a w-o-d-happy Friday to you. So what I say we still have two a pile's left. We have those Uno. Solument the Uno. Oh yeah no two counting the one that you are okay we got okay I won't forget to give you a pass along my crap okay. Anyway here's for Lauderdale hello. Okay great thank you Walter. Two open lines in Broward 7679463. Oh wait how many pounds did I say three now? Here's the Miami Springs hello. Neil how you doing? Yes sir. Hey you mentioned the prisoner and I'm on a previous show you see. Yes I did. I'll tape. Yeah. How would you get that? I mean what can I get that? What even work can you get it? It's matter if I Gary Bruce our former program director many years ago is a big fan of that show which amazes me because I thought it was much too dumb to understand it but uh he gave it to me and the it tapes too. Is there any way I can get a copy of those or I saw a couple of shows really a night. Yeah. And I can never find it on anytime because like three in the morning. I'm less less video store be a pedal and I don't know. No. Maybe we'll find out somebody will call. Hey did you see about um who's going to be in a mission of her special? No I did not. And Ricky. Oh that's right he is you're right it's a week from uh when is it? My things may 16. May 16th or 15th or 14th that's right and Ricky will be on here and he looked okay in a promo to me. So he's going to be right here Miami Beach. Do he lives here? Oh he does. He lives out at uh visit Bay Point or one of those hot shot places. I saw you're I'm billboard that big one on you was one on twenty seven. Yes sir. Is uh is like a Georgia front thing going on there? Yeah you got. Yeah I always have one of my posts. Is that we got that oh god thing from and means what they call you God? Yeah right okay have a great day we have an open line in date 62 to just call me George Burns okay I'm going on a hundred started out this morning 54 going 100 now after calls like that. Thank you so much sir. We have an open line of Broward 7679463 767Wild. Here is the Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil? Yes. Hey it is a Jason what's up? Hi Jason. How you doing? Okay. I was wondering if I can get a request. Yes? If the Donald Duck? Yeah. Having sex? Having sex? Yeah. It's only your imagination Jason. Oh then can I get my imagination on Donald Duck? Yes you can. Okay thank you Neil. Have a great day pal. See I'll read it or she what do you want? Oh my god. Oh you're so drunk. Oh you're Donald. Oh you're a daddy. Oh my god. Oh you're a dad. Oh my god. Oh you're a dad. Oh my god. Oh you're a dad. Oh my god. Oh that's real so good. I just wrote them around. You're so good. Oh my god. I love it. I'll read it. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hey. Wow. Hello. I don't go down here. Okay won't be 22. Thank you so much. We have an open line of Broward 7679463 767 here's sunrise on a mobile. Hello. Good afternoon. Win is Taliban based. I was just out in stock rest and I wanted to stop for a little lunch. I made a mistake. I stopped at that wind. Are you there? Yeah. I don't understand what goes on in that either today, so you're even now you're on even terms. I should have went next door to that other chicken place. Boy, it's an opicol. Right. You're talking earlier. I know you don't want to talk much sports today. Why not? But chef field? Yeah. They do it all full, baby. Two, all full. You have it the key is they put a setup after the seven thing when the games on the line is sitting above 77. All right. 177. 170 set of men's making $60 million 10 million a year. Some outrageous thing like that. And he's hitting like 200 basically. Right. The other day I'm away home from the game. I happened to catch a little carrying a name there. Yeah. And she was, her thing was bringing back the 70s TV shows. Which one? Oh, God. And God. Oh, God. They said the only one that she couldn't remember. People were calling up and naming all these shows. And she didn't remember hardly any of them. And then she says, is that when they say bring back chips, I'll be happy. Oh, she should have been here this morning. She and Erica strata could have been loped. That's what made me think about that. Yeah. Mrs. Strata could have run off with it. Friend of mine was out a couple of maybe one of the Panthers play when they last road games there. Yeah. And he said he was out on the establishment and all the coaches stopped in afterwards. Yeah. And Brian Murray was there and the announcers were there also. Yes. And he said the bill came and and Remer went to the bathroom. Right. Exactly. So open. You could play maybe that alligator. Yeah. We all went out for a day to rat our favorite Chinese. We all went out for a day to rat our own. I saw Jeff Remer right behind me in the next adjoining. Oh. He pulled me over and that's what it's the all right if I joined. Oh. Alligator on River. Alligator on River. Alligator on River. River. Alligator on River. He ordered up a combination. Orange duck from Palbot by the time the waitress brought the checkers. Harbour shrinking down. He couldn't reach for his wallet. He would have tried and I said, total came to 14. 95. Well, he slowly started standing up. And told us that he really had to go. As for the wrecking through the rest room. And he shuffled across the floor. His arms were longer when he turned and headed for the exit. Oh. Alligator on River. Alligator on River. Alligator on River. Alligator on River. Alligator on River. Alligator on River. Alligator on River. Yes, the matter of fact I spoke to the reminders yesterday. You said, you know, that Ruth Chris is sure a great place. And I said, yeah, and he just kept saying that over that Ruth Chris is sure a great place. Well, yeah, Ruth Chris, why sure like that. Okay, is there a hint in there or what? But times are really tough. Okay. As a matter of fact, I wasn't going to tell a story about his roof that his neighbors complain that his roof was so dirty just had a roof clean. Because he's so things are so tight now. Not only is the whole family on food stamps. Not only do they have to pawn at big rock that he bought feral for her birthday. But also, oh, by the way, I think is it today? Is today feral's a birthday? It might be a way to make one moment please. You won't have just fell into that. But also the neighbors threatened to evict him unless they got the roof clean. Nice going, River. 610 WIOD. The new turn on the radio. Where one of the stations? You forgot to turn the radio switch on. Oh, yeah, it's a radio switch. There. 610 WIOD. It's Friday, you best. Yeah, those happy seniors. They would show much of happy when you come through their back door. Yeah, those common, they're headed by the pole. They met in Teo Ana, worried she'd fall asleep. He's cool. So most of them see, and no. 710... 610... 710... 1010... 710... 610... 1010... 710... 610... 710... 610... See? See? See? No. No. See? Oh, there's those happy seniors. They're much more happy when you come through their back door. There's those, almost they hope you come again. And the sea, you're much more later when they see you in the end. Woohoo! Hey, let's go to the Lando del Pojo Paraca. Okay, 132, a WIOD. Almost at the end of another long, excruciating week. We'll get there. Trust me. Just hang on real tight. We'll get there. We still have two dose. Those, those, almost and those, uh, turtles. Okay. Okay. I see. Here's Hialia. Hello. Hialia. Oh, my God. They're not having another one as cock fights over there already. Hialia. Okay. See? Yeah. Open line and date 6229463. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. First time listening. Great. First time calling. What do we say? I believe you. Yep. Uh, I was a, I was a hockey fan since before I was born. Yeah. I've been for other at the game, a range of game. A range of game. A range of game. Uh-huh. Uh, I used to sit in 106. I had, uh, I had season tickets for the first two years. And I dropped them. Yeah. Why is that? Well, I couldn't stand all the walking back and forth in the beer and every time a goal was scored, I never saw it. They all jumped up in front of me. There's a guy who never saw it. I never saw it. I stay home and I see the replays five times now. Yeah. There you go. Let me tell you something. I think George is great. Don't ever get rid of George. He's in a go and nowhere except the other place. Okay. Good. Uh, I heard a, uh, I heard a request this morning that was great. I'm walking. Yeah. Could you play it again? I just mind. Okay. Great. You have a trade left for me? Yes. I do as a matter of fact. Hang on. And we'll whip it out to you. Thank you. Hold on. Line five said that in the Yorker, what do you deserve? I'm fucking across this deep down fucking bit cons and maybe Tom Schlebin Who's loyemies, goes above faith? Oh, they're all. I'm waving. My fucking cane, I'm making that traffic great. Time watching. Oh, the guy who stopped for me. In an hour or two to the other side, I have some rickam on as far as still won't die. I have no teeth in my body's decay. With direct constincts, my finger out of my legs still up walking. In my jelly shoes, Dan Yellen, Jo out to Kakka, Jo, and I'm broken. Show Kakka, I used to you. You bested you. I've lowered out to the rest. You can raise your hands. I'm working. I'm working. I'm working. I'm working. Okay. We have an open line of data. If you move real quickly now, we have only one left. A 6-2-2-9-4-6-3. If somebody would have said to me when I walked in here this morning, you're going to be giving away a bunch of crap. I don't want to look to them and say, yeah? I would have said, see? Here's North Miami Beach. Hello? New York. Yes, sir. Yeah, I wanted to ask you something. Were you at the Rasko House yesterday with Mitch and Brett? No, I was not. Oh, I would have sworn I saw you there. Listen, I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. Who's Mitch and Brett? Mitch Ween. No, I was not. No? No. All right. Show them. Okay. Oh, my God. Was that the Rasko House? Yeah. Maybe if they paid me like 10 grand to go over there. Okay. The Rasko House. Open line and date 6-2-2-9-4-6-3-6-2-2-W-O-D-Nother-Nose-E-Jew. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. How's it going, Neil? Okay, sir. Yes, sir. I got to hear in about what you were talking about this baseball players. And here's my view on it. Okay, let's hear it. Okay, let's hear it. Hey, according to how they hit. Yeah. You don't hit? You don't get paid. There you go. So Gary Chephard was on big money. Now, it's the damn contract and he's stupid lawyers and... Yeah. Stupid goddamn owners. Oh, yeah. And then, and you can also get the broom out for the heat because they're going. Okay. And could I get a shameless request? Yeah. Actually, too. I'd like to hear my cat fell in the well. Yeah. And could I sign up for some crap? Could you sign up for it? Can I go on hold for some? How about if he just hang on for it? I would have been on real tight. Yeah. It's just like life. I'm holding it. Okay. Hang on. Thank you. He's hanging on line four for some crap. And that's all a crap we got by the way. I woke up this morning with a feeling of despair. I looked for my pussy, but my pussy wasn't there. Well, well, well, well, well. I can't fell in the well. Oh, for spurs, for spurs, for kitty kitty, like a tail and well. I got out of the ladder, and that climbed up to my fence. I sign up to the feet that my pussy was soaking wet. Well, well, well, well. I can't fell in the well. Oh, for spurs, for kitty kitty, like a tail and well. But I'm on hold, and by the bone. What she pushed, and it's just, and then once a kitty have that's free, as pussy that fell in the well. Then ever wasn't pussy, that could quite compare with her. Pretty as a picture with her long and still different. Well, well, well, well, my cat fell in the well. Oh, for she pushed, for kitty kitty, like a tail and well. If you have a pussy that you wouldn't trade yourself. Never let her wander or she might fall in the well. I like it. Well, well, well, my cat fell in the well. Oh, for spurs, for kitty kitty, like a tail and well. Well, well, well. 137 and Wiod. So we give it away. All the crap we've got. We have no more crap for you, man. So now we're on our own. We got 22 perilous minutes to see if we make it till two. This is all of our crap is gone. Here's Cooper City on a mobile. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing today? Great. All right, have a good weekend. Okay, thank you. Okay, there's a guy that didn't want to hang up. He just wanted some crap. We don't have no more crap, but at least blow it out of his ass. Okay, we have two open lines in Broward, 767. We have one in date, 622, Wiod. Here's Pembroke Pines on a mobile. Hello. Okay, bad phone. Bad phone. Real bad phone. How many back kind of real phone? Okay, bad phone. Sorry. Okay, here's, uh, oh, look what we got here. I never thought this guy would get any. He was like behind 500 people. Hello. Hey, Neil, and off with a talking. Yeah, it's the enough of the sucking guy. I've been able to call you this. I'm on the run. You're running. You got the run? The child support has been ages since after me. Immigration has after me. Uh-huh. How much will we get back? So I haven't been able to call you. Yeah. Don't tell William Millford Charles Henry, your shorts is the third. He's got this hang up about wet backs. Yeah. Well, tell him I can wax him. I can wax him. I can wax him back if you want me to. All right. Hey, what I wanted to ask you is, I don't want any crap. I'm already addition. I was a crap. I can. Yeah. I was wondering if there's any way possible before I head to the mother line. If I have two requests, I can have two semesters request. Yes. Okay. Oh, before I go, I can give you the request first. I'm all done for the talking. I'm all done. Go up by Elbison Michael and he's a weirdo. Huh. If you can. Okay. And then today, that's the day of your daughter sweating. Okay. Before I go, I was going to tell you that I was having a session with a friend of mine. She's listening to me right now. So in the end, you know what you said? I, I want God of loss. Right, dear. Okay. Good morning. There he goes. What do you say? I don't the one he's talking about is not the same as all after. What does that call? If I could get dug up. Oh, if I could get dug up, see, I would hate to play the wrong thing, especially for him since he's only like about two minutes away from the slamer. I will bless him my soul with wrongly some Marie. Now we got a pervert up the family tree. I've been in my grave and I'm about to throw up. I can't get his hammer. If I could get dug up, I'm home. Who, yeah? I will my leg is a rotted in my arms fell off, so cold in the grave I got a nasty cough, looking up pops pop in my mother cup by boss's ass. If I could get dug up, I'm home. Who, yeah? Well, I break his jaw and give him two black ass. And those with swell to its original size. I bleat your skin till he's all gone. I've been to the mobile chip looks also to me. You'll pay the rip, but you love me. Bring a backhold to the cemetery. There's a lot of love and pay the file. I gotta beat up, but I can't. Rectom, my little so-get dug up on. Who, yeah? I hear somebody digging me up out. You're made in crime. What a soul on the news is hard to believe my collection just married. The marriage some of a reason is a weirdo. They live as no land. Because of their one thing that she don't need, some more tabloids of this city with a weirdo. He's a weirdo I guess that I don't understand No she won't abandon me But the sky ain't learned on a way The guy ain't like you, me He ain't got no dinky But I just cannot turn my head I really think you'll get Oh I hate you He's a girl in man with a plastic nose Tropicrances round in a panty hoses a weirdo He's a weirdo Well now bein' dead and so bad Cause he won't ever get to call me dead He's a weirdo Conquered a die He's a weirdo 142 at WIDN Notice they got a new picture of Michael Mayo on his sports column And this comes in and I guess what They're probably changing the picture Cause they're too embarrassed to show the real guy All these articles about the heat Every day it's about the heat The heat, the heat, the heat, the heat Did this, Edwin Pops full of crap They didn't choke, they're gonna lose again Still know what policy do our good buddy David H No apology, Michael Mayo So no matter which picture you try to put in there To remain anonymous and ain't gonna help Okay, because we all know that you're a 143 at WIDN The heat's got a boiling tonight's the big night baby The heat and the connects And a candle Toyota they got a rolling tool They're making incredible deals This weekend candles got prices that absolutely Will not be beaten anywhere Like brand new 1997 to ourselves From just 99 91 Brand new 1997 corollas from just 10,000 99 91 Beautiful new to commas 97 to commas from just 10, 7 91 And a brand new camera with room and comfort And all kinds of good stuff Just 15,999 You're not gonna get prices like these anywhere in the universe And you sure won't get Mark Jacobs in either So head for candle Toyota on US-1 Just out the day land and boy about that TV show Hmm, prices include all rebates and incentives On a proof credit Quantity's limits are hurry on down to Candle Toyota 6,10 WID Where you sit through this I went out of my nut I thought I'm a bum I couldn't believe it But home with sexuality Our only chance for survival And our future generations Got blessed to homosexual Phil, thanks for calling WID The service of the wacky company 6,10 WID 6,10 WID Every call we take brings you closer to FM 6,10 WID A hang this up baby Well, hey Lord How do you know? Where are Floyd and Lloyd? Let's do some picking for our fly Not sure knows Lloyd I listen to the story about us good old boys We're come from Alabama We're come from Illinois From Mississippi too We're loved to choose a back-of-hand shop Yeah! We're red next to you Pick up trucks There you go I'm a good old man FM stock cart Boys and brown on up here We'll throw a big party and we'll fill up the plight It's time that Indiana have a NASCAR race I have the brick yards that is And speak way Indiana U-S-O-V-E-I What's that space? You must be in starpings Our home new breed We're love Rusty Wallace I would love Lake Speed You can see my NASCAR fan From the bag His pants are so low You can see his butt crack Hey! Lloyd, I can see a half moon And it's broad daylight Get yourself a belt And put my name on the buckles Some NASCAR girls don't wear no shoes On their big floppy hooters They got big tattoos And Mr. If you mean to certain fellow from the south But you careful if he tells you You got a pretty mild Floyd Give me big hordes with big tattoos Any day Hey Lloyd, look at name jiggle twands She's got a day-alern heart can to Right there, twain her boobies And Terry can't between her legs Hey Lloyd, let him see your big brick Lloyd, I'm in your digital tattoo We sure had fun in Indian We come back God got myself a checkered flag It's nailed to my gun right The breakyard in the best time The soul boy is ever hand Next year I'll bring my parents Mom and Uncle Day Show me new teeth Lloyd I'm on my lane I got me a picture Richard Petty's an Elvis Loungey No, they're just shaking hands Oh, right Hey, let's have a look kind of a sport Could have a guy star named Dick trickley 150 WI would be a bookseptor redneck sport We have all the day lines open See we ran out of crap But now the last few minutes here I'm going to be real perilous Just like I predicted 62 2 WI would be in date No punline and Broward 767 The out of town lines you ought to go in the lines If we just keep giving the numbers over and over again We'll be out of here I'll ride Here's Hollywood Hello I did hear it on this one Okay, let's go to West Palm Beach on a mobile Hello Hey Neil, how you doing? Great I don't know if you got any inspired sports I don't see them in the week from last weekend Anyone see Hank on TV last weekend on ESPN I saw him How fat can that man be? gigantic He's sitting on that stool Huge And the button is like ready to come up On the button, he came right through the TV Said, yep Yep There goes there's the button, yeah At least they could do is like keep them from the head up From the eighth chin up Exactly, I want to point out Keep your chin up, Pumpher Something, have a good weekend Okay, and be sure to spray that toilet seat Here's a mobile implantation Hello Mode on the floor Yes Okay, another asshole See we gave away the crap And how they have no material Isn't that pathetic? Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello Yes, Neil Yes, I am Hey, I'd like to request the songs from my two bodies Yeah And Chris Will you play prison bitch? No, I will not Already played that pal Already played it there, kill it They're killing it at prison bitch Man, they're putting that thing right in the old Huskah, enough with that already Okay, we played that was our very first request of the day They want to kill it, they want over and over and over again Broward County, wide open 7679463 767 all request Friday We give away a whole bunch of crap and I'll be coming out of this Come out of these same last few minutes Always the same Always the same, they never surprise you man Here's Hialia, hello Neil, yes sir Are you doing? Okay Just woke up, wondering if anyone's called you about a bigger word Show last night in Reakay You much want everything Really? Yeah, what's your was that? Channel Binti Pass, Load Noestitals Award Yeah You want about five or six different awards Plus up to the year Some of the year he got was Expedience, yeah, really, you know, sir See, but when I'm hearing it The first time I heard it in Spanish So what am I wearing? You know, that's the first time I heard it in Spanish So when I heard it in Italian Yeah, Neil's show And which was better?