I am a positive, the feds he's done for a drive, that's 610 WIOD Miami Ford Lonerdale. 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show, to talk with you all, call 622 WIOD and date, 767 WIOD and Broward, Mobile 1 and 18 team wireless customers can call toll free at pound IOD, and now not only across the nation and Canada to call toll free at 1 888-474 WIOD and now the Neil Rogers Show. The next day, the Neil Rogers Show, to talk with you all, a ride with high-zinga such an asshole, I like the Neil that managed that creature, because he would take a shower with a headgovert, a asshole, asshole, you turk. He's a high-zinga such an asshole, he's just like Hitler and a Abarron, what's that he's pounding on? He's a high-zinga such an asshole, he's just like a thief, just like a thief, just like a thief, new format, what do you laugh at about I think it would be get about an 80-year easy, it's 1002 WIOD happy Tuesday, very Jackson and Ellie Brecker of just a low-pate run off together, nobody can fight them, get a live guys, put it up crap, I like the way we need don't return her calls, they just make it up numbers, they throw all kinds of numbers in there about, from your mouth to God's ears, Ellie about that phone is okay, I know somebody who knows somebody else at that bank, anybody makes up stories like these so close to pace off, you know it's going to go to purgatory forever, and probably have to buy a lot of expensive moths at too. No, I'm not going to return your calls, Ellie Brecker because last time I talked to you and you wrote that big long-sung advance, the Miami-Herald, like, bought you it all up and twisted the story, and by the way, I just found out that the arrow is spending a lot of money advertising on the station, and the deal is that none of the spots can go in this show, which is a lot more incentive for me to talk to the people, yeah, it's true, true story. It's been in thousands of dollars advertising that rag on his station, but very specifically none of the spots are to run in that show. And then he'll ride your show, even though our whole paper today is devoted to that fat slob. I mean, the whole paper must be something going on, huh? But far-bisoned Jew over there that BB Netanyahu, he was on her yesterday with President Day, all the, yeah, peace, they're going to have peace, all right, a piece of this, a piece of that piece of my mind, they're wailing at the wall, the Arabs, the Jews, they're doing it. There must be something else going on besides the arrogance is going to, you know, where? Huh? There's got to be something else. See, Eleanor Brecker and the Barry Jackson evidently are bored. I mean, really bored. Of course, if you listen to the most of the radio in this town, you'd be bored too. But they're really bored. And so their thing now is they're going to stir the pot. Then maybe later on, somebody also smoke it, certainly not them. But they're going to stir it. They're going to pick out the seeds, the twigs, etc. And then they're going to get it already for somebody to smoke. Maybe buddy, but who knows? So anyway, about that meeting I had, you know, I wanted to retract something. I said, I yesterday said something really awful. I said that I've had diarrhea for an hour and a half that was more productive than the hour and a half meeting I had with Bud Paxon. I want to retract that by, and I want to replace it by saying, I've had diarrhea all day that was more enjoyable. In fact, I've had diarrhea for two days at a time in my life. That was more enjoyable and much more productive than the hour and a half meeting I had with Bud Paxon three weeks ago. Do you think that's soft in the blow there, any? Huh? It was kind of soft. But at any rate, sooner or later, just stick with it. So anyway, all these stories, then of course, very, we got Ellie Brecker calling. It's going to be a favor. What do you please, Ellie Brecker? It's just quick calling Harry Peanus up there in Orlando. I don't need any more phone calls from this guy. It's killing me. Oh, well, what does he want from me? What does this man want from me? I'm sitting there yesterday, minding my own business, having just watched a gut wrenching episode of the guiding light. And it's like 405 in the afternoon. The stock market is closed. I'm looking at the market at a good day, but Wayne Stock went in the crap or again for a change down seven eight to again. Nice going, Wayne. Your stock blows. Get a haircut and get something going with that stock. And the phone rings. I knew Harry and it's Harry Peanus again from Orlando with that same syrupy sound. I mean, you know, never stole a freight train, but what do you want at this point? And it seems that Ellie Brecker from the Harold calls him up again, trying to stir the pot stir up a big controversy here. Really whip everybody up into a frenzy, which you can see by the phone here. Nobody cares because nobody has audience reads the Harold anyway. But yeah, well, understand you were talking about me this morning. And Ellie, you know, she wanted to get a quote. She tried like crazy to get me to say something nasty about you, which I wouldn't do. So this is this is the idea of news at the Harold. It's call up this one and try to get them to say something nasty about Neil, then call up the other station, try to get them to say nasty, and try to create some kind of a war going on over here, okay? I mean, I don't really care so long as the paychecks keep coming. You know, it's it's very a material at this point of my life. But I mean, talk about desperate and talk about fabricating so-called news. And so I finished reading this so long thing here in the living section. Neil Rogers talking, taking show to QAM, top rated talker signs five million dollar five year deal. And where these numbers are coming from, I have no idea, especially about the bonus, sweeten by a signing bonus of nearly five hundred thousand dollars. There was a nice signing bonus, but it sure wasn't a five hundred thousand dollars. And if you use Eleanor Brecker at Barry Jackson with the facts, because they just make it up, I think it was more like five billion dollars. I'm buying your newspaper. How do you like that? And you're both fired. I mean, just keep making it up. So I figured that's astonishing enough that there's nothing else going on. And yet another article about Neil is leaving some day. We don't know when. Then I'm looking on the sports section here and here Barry Jackson again. He just can't. He can't stop. He's out of control. Rogers unlikely to let up on Hizenga at WQAM, which is why we started this morning by my favorite song. And then I look on a second page on page 90 is the article continues in the world. Will Hizenga use WQAM out clause is the headline and that part of the article. And it goes on to say about how they have an easy out with all three of their sports franchises. And if I dare to criticize them over there, will they very Jackson's speculating, well, they're going to withdraw the rights and the marlins and the panties and whoever else in the dolphins, which is absolutely untrue, which have already said that the Wayne people are not going to try to interfere. They didn't remove the dolphins from this station because of me. It was because of one thing. Money, baby. That's what it was all about. That's right. It had absolutely nothing to do with me or anything that I've ever said. But don't tell Barry Jackson that because Barry and Ellie, they're going to create. They are going to concoct some kind of a crisis here. They're going to concoct some kind of a, what will battle of the radio wars? That's what we call it years ago. The radio wars. They're going to bring that back again. Because it's boring time here, man. They have 3000 people at high LE yesterday. I see 3000 people. Woo. They're just ain't nothing going on here. The season is over with. There's charging too much for months all over town. I mean, you know that this is a really dead time when the big stories are like for the 80. I mean, it would be a big story. I guess, having been here all these years that I'm going elsewhere in a few months. But the story is old. It's going back in the last Friday. It was already confirmed here at Tuesday and their hyper ventilating and making up numbers. And the other big story, Surge and Mots of Price triggers an inquiry by the attorney general. That's the big story. That's what we ought to sink our teeth into. You can see this audience is all worked up into a frenzy by the arrow. Man, if you created a controversy here. Nothing. There is a one line even even blinking, winking, blinking or not, I guess. So. One Pommetage, your host, to work for that. One journal. Exactly. That's right. They're charging too much for Motsa and the old Jews are getting really pissed off about that. When is a pace off by the way? Do we know? Let me take a look at the, do we know George when Passover starts? Let's take a look. Oh, this is still on March. Let's get with it over here, huh? The 21st. 21st of April. And today's the 8th. So less than two weeks and a pace off starts, which brought you going out there. Passover, which is where they had the last supper. Isn't that where Yosuke was having his last supper? That's right. Paisach. I wonder if he was eating Motsa. Do you think so? And if so, was it buttered and salted? That's the question. We, we, we, we, we do know anyway, the same five pound box of Motsa that sells for $4.95 in pricey Manhattan goes for as much as 12.95 in softload of supermarkets according to Abe Asafski of coconut creek and Malaymal. Oh, how do you like that? With two weeks before Paisach beginning, state officials have decided to find out whether more goes into Florida Motsa prices than just flower and water. There's a big inquiry now, okay? This is what's going on. We don't have any crime. Everything is a hunky dory. Wayne Stock is in the toilet. This company is terrorizing people all over the radio dial. And what, what are they worried about? They're worried whether the Motsa prices are too high. Maurice Ribsteen of coconut creek, who's daughter recently brought him a five pound box. She bought it in New Jersey for just $6. I just want to make sure they don't take advantage of us. Oh, God forbid they should do that. And it goes on and on. When Dixie currently charges 1198 for a five pound box of strikes is Motsa, but supermarkets officials say they may discount their product as the holiday draws nearer. Using it as a loss leader to attract old Jews to attract customers. But that's what it says here to attract, yeah. I got a solution for you. And Maurice, I got a solution for it. Don't eat Motsa, okay. Who needs bread? Who needs bread anyway? So, and say, well, what else are you going to eat? I don't know. What are you going to eat? I don't want to eat the Jeld stuff in a jar, please. And what else do we need at the Pazza? Drixie wine? So, Manachiev, it's wine at the corner. That corner has all instructions. Detailed to come. I'm not interested in any of that barberica ancient crap, okay? And all these bubble icees. Next thing we'll be getting instructions on how to late to fill in. Which I don't think we can say on the air anymore, by the way. But it's tradition. Hey, that, yeah. So is human sacrifice. So why stop now? Exactly. So anyway, did I tell you about that bad boud of diarrhea that I had for an hour and a half? Here is Miami on a mobile. Hello. Yeah, I knew I had the power 96 by report. Power 96 by report, yes. Bogriff took the time this morning to announce the terms of your contract. Yeah. And how does she know the terms of my contracts? I'll get that of course. She's out by the hell, I guess. Uh-huh. But she went ahead and announced it to welcome you and then she proceeded to say that her contract was up in July. And that she was hoping to get something sort of like what you got. Right. Making a reference about it. And Mark Mosley was on doing some voice. Yeah. And he kept referring to you as the fat man. Also then she said that all the employees of our contract made or something like that. Yeah. So our Greg reads employees were all looking at your terms. She compared the looks on their faces to that of a blow up doll in a porno migrating. That was funny. So anyway, I just thought you like to know that. Outstanding. All right. Thanks for the good news, pal. Bye-bye. See you. Loan me $50 million. We have no, I mean, you could believe those numbers that are in there or not. And especially the thing about the bonus part, which again, you know, that's way off. But don't confuse these people with the facts. You know, it's been heard. In fact, somewhere in the one article, it says, um, it's been, it's been written, you know, it's been written like it says in the, uh, in the old testament. Oh, it's been written. Yeah. Right. By whom? Well, we don't know. But it's been written. Where the hell does that say? It's been reported in the media that his salary was in the, uh, you know, here it is. Published reports in the past have estimated a salary to be the mid six figures. Published reports. Well, what does that mean? Published by whom? Where did they get it from? Did they get it from me? No, did they get from anybody I know? No, but, uh, published reports. Therefore, it must be true. I read it in the freaking newspaper. So if you wonder, if you think that there's any degree of journalism, especially at the Miami Herald, forget it. And if they don't care, they just make it up. And if you don't talk to them, they'll even make more stuff up. And then they'll start calling around to try to create a verbal fist fight. Can't, uh, can't I get you to say, you know, something derogatory? We said all these terrible things about you, Mr. penis. He probably told her, quit calling me, Mr. penis first of all. God, I'll mighty that, Ellie. I wonder, I, they ought to charge her 30 bucks for a box of moths. I ought to be like that. I mean, Ellie, who's obsessed with this, uh, New York Japping thing. Hahaha. Whaaah! Exactly. And by the way, Randy's Brazilian. 1015 at Wiod. 610 Wiod. I'd play a king and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers. If I was but Texan, y'all are real, you're real, you're real. All day long, guys, be the beautiful. Here I was that Texan going. Boy, I'd buy up all the stations. Like the life of love and Zeta, I can see an IOT. I've had lots of money in the bank. A knowing was a go-in like Roy. I'd have a radio network that nobody carries, but everyone has done on the spots. TV cable, real estate, I bought home. I'd have a half a dozen big epistations and 607 AM stations too. Let me first hear us. And that's just in hell and they're low. Roy! If I was but Texan, y'all are real, you're real. All day long, guys, be the little with my number. If I was more Texan's boy, I'd have a half a dozen big epistations. I'd have a half a dozen big epistations. I'd have shacles, you know what I mean. I'd be richer than the freakin' queen. When I thinker would be for an increem, if I was that Texan going. Roy! Hey, happy pays off, but 1020 at W.I.O.D. Happy Tuesday to all. Very, very quiet day. And time we're going to investigate the price of MOTSA. I think in fact, they would be making great payphone challenges. I think for Rick and Spud. Send Adam who naturally is Jewish. Send him out to all the stores. And you know, secretly find out the prices of MOTSA. And then start like carrying on on hyperventilating. And whip up all the old Jews into a frenzy in every supermarket in town. You're getting ripped off. Here's a lady mobile and hell and Dale. Hello. Yes, ma'am. You were leaving so I figured I was on my house. Am I, I can't hear you? You're not, do you guys pick up? Okay. Are you really leaving? Am I really leaving what? Are you going to QAM? Yes. Did I have a hearty thing you haven't been in town? And I just heard you briefly this morning. That's just wonder. Yes, I am. I wonder if I could take place. I know when they change. I don't know. In a few months. Okay. TBA, will you be listening? Yes, sir. Oh, thank God. Oh, follow you. Thank you, sweetheart. Okay. Have a great day. Bye-bye. We have an open line of day at 629463. We have two open lines in Broward 767. We have one on a purple line at poundiod on a mobile one line. We have one on the other town line. The world wide, the wicked web line. One triple eight, four seven four nine four six three. Here's what's going on with that run and run business, by the way. This big meeting is going on with that deal. Oh, you want to speak? Even as we speak, there's big meetings Ellen Mason. Who's another one of the corporate to haunt shows. He's in a building. Tommy Cramer's in a building trying to find the other three pounds of that white here. And, uh, boy, boy, just amazing. It's astonishing what's going on here. Who could have ever predicted that in just a handful of months this, a mid this, decimation would have taken place so quickly and so painfully. Here's a homestead. Hello. Neo. Yes, sir. Who are they going to get to replace you? You're asking me like, I know, like they're going to tell me or like, I would have any idea. How do I know? They're driving. Just wondering, I mean, there's the station going to help. Yeah. And. First, go ahead and read how you. Yeah. What about the dolphin? What about the dolphins in Jim Manage and Jeff DeForce and Kim Babou, Camperoon, I was nothing about hockey. By the way, quick try to talk about hockey. Kim, by her, you last night, I'm embarrassed for you. What about all those people? What's left? Do you realize that the only on the air people left after I leave here from my last September, Rick and says, nobody else, nobody else, that maybe even, you know, Steven J. Gay on a weekend and other net, nobody, nobody. Hopefully Rick and said, follow you down there. And it's like nice to be able to turn on one station in the morning. Yeah. It's kind of difficult to twist that dial all the way down to the 50 kilo cycles. It's pretty tough. Move. Yeah. Okay. Pal, thanks. Yeah. These people all, you know, it's kind of nice leaving on one spot. How about your TV? Let me ask you this. How many of you turn on your TV and leave it on one spot all day? Yeah, but who's got a remote control for their radio? Well, you better get it. As whole. God, dang. Yeah, I know the first two words I'm going to say when I go on a year over there. Okay. God is the first one and dang, eight to second one. See, I'm the reason I'm sticking to that promise because I want to go out of here whether it's like in six months or six minutes or six days or six weeks with that least having to be able to say, I lived up to my end of the bargain. Okay. So now I'm not sure if that's a little bit about the good work. I can't remember the whole thing. There was no other people I at least lived up to what I was asked to do. Unlike some other people with course kept trying to change the ground rules all the time and coming up with pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, all kind of other stories, which is all a bunch of ballooning anyway. But don't believe them. And I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I I, I, I, I, I, I I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, that that is, that is, that is, that is, that is, that is, that is, that is, that is, that I said don't say that because I didn't get my last check yet. Here's a mirror more. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I was wondering if you were trying to do you job as a volunteer. Because I called the Mayor's office here at Mermore and as you know, they're using they're going to start construction or something because they're going to start construction or something? Yeah, because these are not going to work. They're going to start construction. They're going to start construction. Yeah, because these are not going to work. They're going to work. They've been saying that they're going to do something. Eastern Mermore hasn't been touched with what? With an ugly stick? I wouldn't touch it with your thing. Well, anyway. With your fingers. Anyway, I haven't tried you to job as a volunteer. What do you mean trying to get a job as a volunteer? What does that mean? What kind of a job is that? Well, a volunteer to do what? And construction or anything, you're helping help with it. It's impossible. Yeah. So what do you sound so bummed out about? In other words, you want to be the guy that's going to put Mermore back together again? Even after all the King's horses and all the Queen's men couldn't do it. I guess. So far, man. OK, George, give this guy Humpty Dumpty's number. OK. We have two open lines in Broward, 7679, 460, we've talked about the press. This guy sounds like he's going to blow his brains out. Because he can't get a volunteer. There's people out there that want to get a paycheck. They would like some money. OK? There's people like to get a real job. Like getting a few bucks or they put food on a table. This guy's like suicidal because he can't get a volunteer job to put Eastern Miramar back together again. I'm going to tell you something, friends. Everybody all over the state is sitting on pins and needles waiting to fight out if Eastern freaking Miramar is going to get put back together again or not. Forget about the Mata. Forget about Neorodges and all the money. Forget about Ellie Brecker. Forget about Harry's penis. Forget about all this stuff. OK? The big thing is his Eastern Miramar will never be the same again he asked. And look where this box is this morning, by the way. No. Oh, God. Come in here and potchiki around. Let me ask you something. What goes on here at night now? Why is it necessary? I mean, I realize that it's a very ugly question for me to ask. But why is it necessary now that Ron and Ron got their own studio back? There is something they're still going to be here. We still have it a big meeting right now. Maybe they won't. But at any rate, why does anybody need to move this stuff out of the way here? Even if they don't use the DCS, is this like bothering somebody over here that we have to keep potchiki around and push and stuff back and forth and pushing this box over here? I think that's the problem. And we got too many people patchking around with stuff here at night. Somebody's going to get their box pushed pretty soon. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Sorry, well. We have an open line in day. It's six, two, two. She's weak. Nice person, but God is she weak. Six, two, two, nine, four, six, three. Two open line. And you know what? It is those topics. Oh, God. Now, if Neil Rogers went out and bought a Brazil that was too big, that would be a big story. It'd be on the front page of the paper again tomorrow. Ellie Brecker and very jacks will be at bird ions investigating. Neil's bra was too big. I'm telling ya, that would be a story. But because she went out and bought a bra that was too big, I mean, is that a topic for a talk show? What is with these topics? I'm telling you, call up Harry Peanus right now. Time to take those topics and drop him in Lake Okeechobee on a way down. Get rid of those boring, terminal, co-inducing topics. You want to get the audience on fire. You want to get those peaks of 20 shares. You just watched what we're doing here this morning. We got a couple of calls on there, not too many. We got a couple. We're working on a rehabilitating Easter in Miramar. We're going to put that piece of crap back together again. It's the last thing we do. Maltzie. Maltzie. Maltzie. Maltzie. Maltzie. Maltzie. Maltzie. Maltzie. Maltzie. Maltzie. Maltzie. Maltzie. Maltzie. Maltzie. Maltzie. Maltzie. I'm sorry. It was, uh, is that still in that movie theater or what? That probably not. Who knows? The same old farts that saw me for when I saw it again and the abysiliants of people out there that wouldn't know the godfather if he stuck or can only up their ass. They didn't bother going to see it. Because it didn't have the hype and you know what, Merricka Man unless you got the hype, they don't respond. Sorry. 1028 at Wild. Wild. Wild. It's not your radio. It's just real static. The work not ready to have an hour now I've been on Wild. And now, language lab, the show that teaches you a four language in less than 60 seconds. Today's lesson Greek. Listen one. Strawberry pie. Strawberry pie. Listen two. Apple pie. Apple pie. Listen three. Pumpkin pie. Pumpkin pie. The customer. What kind of pie do you have? Answer. Apple a pie. The long Betty and Pumpkin. Language lab is a public service and we not be copied or authorized for yourself. Thank you. You're welcome. 1033 at Wild and a very marginal Tuesday morning. We have an open line of day, 622. We have a parent, Broward 767. We have two on the other town lines. So you see Eleanor Brecker and Barry Jackson. Nobody cares. It's old news already. It's old news and the numbers are all wrong anyway. But hey, don't worry about the facts. Just continue making stuff up. And call Harry Peanison Orlando by the way. Get him all whipped up into a frenzy. If that's possible, which I doubt. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Neil. Yes, sir. First time caller. Okay. I wanted to give you some more information on that. Spire report on the book, Griffin. Yes. 96. Call. Uh-huh. It happened at 654 in which he stated that not only is the seller you're getting disgusting. Yeah. So he said that because power 96, I guess, is also owned by WQA. Easily. Yeah. Okay. They say that now they're going to have to put on spots to pay for your salary. And until all the listeners that, and they're going to be playing spots are how they're going to be able to play music. So if they have any complaints about that, it will be AKS Neil to give McCallon complain about that. She didn't say that. She said it. It was at 64. So if you have a report here, what's that? That's so big. S.O.V. Yeah. Okay. And then by 735, she was already saying that she changed the parking bit. And like you were to say, profate so that way she can make the money. Okay. Okay. Great clever. Very brilliant, bro. Very good. So where's we going to be working next week? And if I could call someone to do Spac. Yeah. Mario and Carrie Hurrah, you're both too specs. Okay. But if you can't play hockey like Mario, thank you so much. For more Spire reports from Power 96, they got some listeners anyway over there that miserable, bold Griffin bitch. That's fucking bitch. See, even the audience wants to start stuff up now. Okay. Everybody wants to start a big semester. I don't give a crap about that. I'm going to do it there and do my show period period. And Barry Jackson, he's all worried about this door roast care and what does man just think of what? Who cares what anybody thinks? We're all in business. This is a radio show. Barry, I hate to break the news to you. It's called making a living. And in this case, a fairly decent one, thank God. And it's also called for me getting out of here. Which I'm counting the minutes. I'm counting the seconds. And then I'll write my encyclopedia about the passion people about a corporation that is just destined to destroy everything in its path. Open line in date, 6222 at Broward 767, 20 out of town lines, 1 AAA-474, 9463. Here's Miami on a mobile. Hello. All right. Yes, sir. Jim Anwich. You know what was the happiest of animals, Miami is right now? The happiest man in Miami is next to me is whom? Fat Hague. dizzy? Yeah. How do you know that? Some people will actually be listening when he gets on the air. Yeah, that would be good. Yeah. What do you say? I got a question for you. He dealt. That wasn't a knock-in-christ. More was it? Why not? You thought I have a side that. I have a question in honor of you leaving I O D. Yes? I haven't heard of you. Let me just say something. According to plan, my plan through September 30th, I'm going to be here. This is the 8th of April. I know. We're going to be saying goodbye for the next six months. It's going to be the longest. Not that I'm leaving town like Phil Henry had to do for four months, but it's going to be a long ponderous and monotonous, but what do you want? Take your bolts, but I have a little time. What a whole bit. I play the every day the last week. Get out of here. Get a life. And what does that have to do with anything anyway? What does that have to do with anything about QAM or I O D. Or anything except we're not doing Larry King Tributes today. Okay? He's not the one to just did the thing. The O Rogers God. That's right. I don't read nothing about Larry King and Ellie Brecker in the Barry Jackson's columns today. The 85 columns they got, which spills up about two thirds of the hero, which don't run around nor are spots on this show. Isn't that amazing? Talk about holding a grudge. Okay? The fact that we got more audience on this show than they're whole rest of the town put together. Forget about that. We don't care. We'll spend the hero's money. We just don't want nothing to do with that. Okay. Two open lines and browards. I mean, it could have been no money out of my pocket. I'll still be able to pay that electric bill whether they are subsidizes me or not. How do you like that? How have I managed to reach this apex of my career of my life, of my fading life without the help of the hero without their asses? Then, huh? And I see that tonight, Ritter Stock, by the way, has been downgraded. Oh, that's a bad break. Two open lines and browards, 7679, because they bought a couple of losing companies. 7679, 463, 767, W. I. Oh, D. Kennis, Moss, Macho, Wayne, or the people at night, Ritter. How about Tony, Ritter? Let's use him specifically, huh? Kennis, Moss, Macho, Wayne, Ipinga, Mickey, Erison, Tony, Ritter, buddy, bud, Paxon, or Tommy Cramer? There's a poll for you. Here's a coral spring, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Great. Listen, I wasn't able to listen to your show yesterday. Why not? Well, I was working. Pretty weak, excuse. No, I couldn't. They don't listen to me. Listen to you. Why not? Can you tie some? They're assholes. They're probably the ones that are charging Jews 15 bucks per box of $6.00 bucks a box of moths. I think you're right. And by the way, my mother's going bananas about that kind of money for that. My own something bananas. Sliced bananas on moths is sounds pretty good. Now that you mentioned it, would maybe some strawberry jam, some nice old fashioned Jewish preserves. There you go. Oh, sure for pace off, yes, from the circle you ran. That's delicious. But listen, you know, um, that's a song with that. Yeah. Hmm. Anyway, the today show I was watching my dish yesterday, the delayed telecast. And they were in our favorite city. They went Vegas. Yeah. Yes, sir. That's our favorite city. Well, I mean, in the U.S. In your favorite city, okay. In the U.S. Okay. Yeah. Well, anyway, I just wanted to tell you that. And how does that mean? And there's got to be more to the story than that. Well, I mean, the fact that we've, that you've told me about Vegas, I've been out there and I've experienced great things out there. Yeah. I was just, uh, wanting to take off the show. No, I did not. I don't watch that show. Underpendently a death. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Have a great day, pal. And the smoke one for us. We have all the Broward lines wide open. Now 767 9463 767 W. I. Oh, D. God Almighty. It's a great day for the Irish and the Jewish and the Chinese. Love the chinacy. The Japanese say, and all of those other strange people, which there are an awful lot of them to, by the way, you notice, here's a cutlerage. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Great. First of all, congratulations. Thank you, I guess. Let me tell you, if another station wouldn't think you weren't worth it, they wouldn't have offer you the job and give you the extra cash. Uh-huh. So, you know, screw me that can't think of it. What's not to like? Huh? What's not to like? Well, I'm saying you, you feel, you feel, you're getting an increasing your salary. You know, I'll tell you one thing if they were giving me even a small decrease in the salary. So I can say it now. I wish they, they wish they would have known this before. They wouldn't have given me all the money. If they were giving me a small decrease and said, hey, we'll let you work over here. I'd still go. They would just to get out of here, just to get away from here. I mean, this place is like a major cancer on our lives. Well, you know, paint the walls. Think for now. Do you leave? I mean, make you relax a little bit. Yeah. You know, now about this mobsus. How about if I just wear a pink shirt every day? No. I have several. Yes. Well, that's your point. The mobsus. Why are they too expensive? You mean to tell me that the juice now are exploding juice with mobsibose? No. Goiama are exploiting juice. The manufacturer, the man of shivets people, if you read the hero article, the man of shivets people said that they have one wholesale price, that they sell it to everybody. And after that, the distributors and the retailers, they make up their own retail price. That's right. So it's not to manage shivets people. It's not the Yidlach that are ripping off the other juice. In this case, it's Goiama ripping off juice. Yeah. That's what is. Because I don't think that the people that are on win dixie are Jewish. I think they should completely rip. Yeah. They should complain to the rat by. They should complain to be met in Yahoo. Forget about all this peace talks. They're going to be no peace. Everybody with a brain knows that. Let's get the price of mobsidown in time for pace off. At least do something that's possible. Yeah. Probably probably my share of his people had to increase the price because he said of shortening now they had to put pork fat. You know what I mean? Yeah. That's it. That's pork. Okay, pal. Good luck to you. Oh, and have a great life. Don't eat too many beans. We have an open line in date. 62294636222Wild. And we have two open lines in Broward. 767 and two in Palm Beach on the out of town lines. Our topic today is have you bought a bra that's too big guys. And are you going to take it back? That's our topic today. Come on. Let's come up with a good topic today. Let's do topics from now on. These next six long, excruciating months. Let's come up with a topic of the day. In fact, let's call Roger Krauch. Maybe come up with a quote of the day and a topic of the day. What do you think? Let's just pick up any section of the news. Here you go. Stay to travelers. Is bullet train worth building? Our topic today. What do you think? Is the bullet train worth building? How about a bullet forever wrote this article, Angela? That's right. Don't be alarmed if you open your mailbox and find a letter informing you that your license tag was recently photographed on i95. It's just an inquiry from the Florida Department of Transportation, which is researching the travel habits of those who fly and drive between Miami or Lando and Tampa. Officials want to know if any of those travelers would climb on a proposed bullet train instead. Of course, what do you do when you get there? That's the obvious question. What would you do when you get there? Since there's such great mass transportation in Tampa in Orlando and Miami? Not. See, one thing that's a little bit difficult about building like underground subways in Florida. I mean, I don't know if you've noticed that, but when you're like one foot above sea level, it's a little difficult to build those underground subways. Unless they're all going to be gigantic tunnels like the whatever it is. Callahantonela is that what it is in Boston? What do you know? You never been there. No, they have two tunnels, but they have different names, which I find very interesting in Boston. The one tunnel is like the Sumner tunnel going north, I think. And then coming back into the city from like north of the city from the airport is the Calahantonela, which why is that? Why is that just like the one one name and it happens to be going both ways? Sorry, that's too easy. 1043 a WIOD. 610 WIOD. What? We have a WIOD. You can tell your 6-fat. 8-F. We have no white-talk religion, because he is a pirate, and he is not what we have to buy thinking. Tonight, get ready for a show that'll have the critics talking. God, check out that feed-o. He does spill it out nicely. Oh, God. Just think it. Oh, God, if he started to drown. Oh, and I'd like to give him out from out. Oh, God, I'd like to save him. And look at his blood. Mm-hmm. Oh, God. Look at the torso. You watch. Tonight. I turned my radio on the other day and cut down from the program, whatever it was. It is a still-feet thing I've ever heard in my life. If the children were around, it's horrifying. I'm surprised. If the duty you let that go on the air, I've heard other complaints about it, even from the health care. I wish I'd rectify that and do something about it. I need you. I'm taking guard's name and vain and it's gratifying women. Well, I hope what you need to mention. Thank you very much. I like it. I like it. 1049 at WIOD. We have an open line of day at 6-2-2-9-463. A lot of uptight old farts here. Now, they're really going to be pissed off because the moths are like, ah, it's just insane. It's just ridiculous. How can you afford to go eat at the air-mold coast and go hopping all that for those 3rd and 4th and 5th and 6th helping's off the buffet if you... How can you afford that if you've got to pay 1295 for a stinkin' five pound box of moths, huh? I like how I said before who the hell needs moths? It tastes like cardboard. I'm not sure if you slather it with butter and a lot of salt to get your blood pressure way up. And maybe some strawberry preserves sounds really good. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Neo. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. You know, I hope this doesn't draw an out till September. This is long goodbye. Because I think that killed the last four months and they'll show... Yeah, but Phil was leading the market. I know that's what I'm saying. You're not. That's right. There's nothing to say. There's nothing to say. And he's people that keep writing these articles day after day after day. Filling up the Miami, Harold is if there's nothing else in the world going on and trying to stir up a bunch of controversy where there isn't really any that exist. It's pathetic and embarrassing. But it sure kills him good time. That's right. You're going to... Or would you talk about the bullet train? You're going to speak when I tell you this, but I finally saw the gun father. Yeah. And reason being is that I grew up in a highly religious home where the movies were a no-no. But however, now the church has this thinking that, well, the movies were bad, but you can see videos at home. Uh-huh. Yeah. It's a beautiful double standard. I mean, I walked away from that insanity many, many years ago. But it was great. I mean, it was incredible. I could... you know, and the thing is that I had... I hear you all the time. So I hear all the parts that you were playing. Right. And I would see like that guy, um... The producer. What he said he... he can't be made to look ridiculous. That was. Yes. I never knew what that was problem when I heard it. I knew exactly where it was from. It was great. I mean, um... And a man in my position can't afford to be made to look ridiculous. Oh, it was great. Right. I know that. They told me that part 2 is really good too. It is. Uh, that something we would say that it's better to part 1. I would not say that, but it's great. Does it go farther back? Yes. Is it farther back in the family? Yeah. Well, when does he part... The best way to do it is to get the video where it's all in chronological order with parts 1, 2, and 3 in a row. Right. So on a day when you're like really bored, you got about 15 hours when it's pouring down right outside. You just sit down and get about a 25 pack and then enjoy it. I can't sit for that long. No way. Hey, you knew I just wanted to mention something. It was funny. You were just mentioning that, you know, you're trying to make a living. And, uh... And you know, you're making good money. And then you see the word, thank God. And it's really funny how you just pluck that in. And, uh, you really don't believe it, God. But yeah, you thank him. So, man, a speech about thanking anybody. It's an expression. What do you mean it's an expression? Just like when you say God, dang it. It's just an expression. Does that make anything to you with any God? Just an expression of sentiment. That's all. So, if you say, I'll chip peek you. It doesn't have anything to do with, uh, I'll chip or peek you. It's just an expression. Okay. You feel good about that? About what? About saying that? Do I feel good about it? Yeah. It's just part of speech. What does that mean do I feel good about it? Do you feel good about whatever you just said? Yeah. What, based on what? What is there to feel good or bad about? Or have it a conversation? I know you are. Yeah. But I just want to try to inject it. See, one minute, you're telling me that you've gotten away from this brainwashing and his God bull crap. And now you're giving me a lecture on the use of the word God. No, I'm not giving you a lecture. I just think it's comical. Why? Everybody says that. It's just a manner of speech. It doesn't have anything to do with anything. Thank God. I would have to thank the Lord. I'll say thank the Lord. It's just being sarcastic. That's all. Okay. Okay. By the way, I didn't say I got away from the God concept. I just got a little confused. Please get, you know, I mean, you made a, first good step. Now take another little step. You know, pretty soon you'll be walking. Have a great day, pal. And God bless you. God bless you, my child. Oh, thank God. That's that coming. Thank God. But that that calls over. How does he know which God you're talking about? Well, that's the point. That's the whole point. It's just it's a word. All these God people that can't even begin to tell you what it is or he is or she is. Everybody's God stuff. Enough with the God bull crap. We're already. Well, yeah. What an insult to the whole concept of there being a God that there could be a God responsible for this. Even for this place, just look what we go through here the last six months. There could be a God and we could go through this. All my goodness. Open line in day six to two nine four six three six two two two WOD and one in Broward seven six seven nine four six three. Here's Miami on a mobile. Hello. Okay, sir. I'm trying to be Tuesday. Who's it you? I'm wondering where that guy was headed. He was being on a nice day. Oh, man. The Godfather is there. And then Danny comes up with this. Yeah, does it make you feel good to say that? What does that mean? Does it make me feel good to say it? No, it does not. I don't understand. I mean, if I want to feel good instantly, I'll just take a pill now. I mean, who needs to say thank God? Maybe that's the real thing. And then if you take the pill and you say the good God, that's good. Maybe that's a good topic for the day God. Right. Now let's stay away from that. Anyways, what I really want. But packs in one of the other. What I really don't know. God dang, one we want to speak about. What I really call about me was the heat. Inditored against. Think of them. And the piston's also. You know, they got a W last night. Yeah. So who cares? Well, I'm. Yeah. I mean, don't feel bad, but nobody cares. I mean, I'm happy to hear that. That's wonderful. And everybody waiting for the playoffs to get excited. What's going on? They're not going to get excited. Don't you get it? I mean, you're little slow on the uptake. They don't care. I don't know. I don't get it. It's not a sports town. They don't care. And everybody's all worked up because we played six games with the Marlins. And we've had great crowds. And everybody is pretending to be real enthused. We'll see. I'm reserving judgment because we're obviously not going to win five out of every six. We're going to have some rough spots there ahead. And who knows what's going to happen with this team? Well, the football draft's coming up. Anyway, there you go. Football draft. Now we're talking. Now there's something that can be seen as teeth and do. There we can really get focus. One more thing, Neil. Neil. Yeah, I'm here. Okay. I just want to. I just hope you weren't going to hang up. No, you're supposed to say, Yeah. Good. Yeah. But do you feel good when you say that? I feel real good. Okay. What about you got? I feel. I can't. Yes. We can have Pittsburgh. You know, you have these lines of, you know, Francis Lemue and Yager. That's the most potent line in the NHL is that correct? They're pretty potent to me. Does that mean Tom Cruise can play with them? That's right. I have a request. I don't know if Tom wants to play with them. What is it? Can it not be his type? Can I get, can I request something to please? What? What? What? You may be in Tom Cruise. You've been gotten it. I thank you very much. Neil, you have a great take. I'm not going over there down to the aisle. Thanks a lot. God bless you. And that's a bad other thing. Well, they had the thing with breakout. They got a chance here. Here comes six on the right side. They could get any of this right across and down. He's, wait, he's got a man open here and five. He's standing. Stove on. Sales, we're going. And the penguins laid. Tender that thing. I'll never teach a pig that's saying. Still barns. We have an open line at Broward. 767, 463, 767, W.I.O.D. On a really great day. I would like to have Ellie Brecker called in here today. So I can hang up on her on the ear. I mean, what is wrong with this woman? What is this story? And where did she all of a sudden get involved with Barry Jackson? They're like a tandem team that two of them now. What is this story with those two? Like working on this thing morning, noon and night. If even George gets a call last night from Eleanor Brecker from the Harold. What the, where did she get your number number one? And number two, what tells you want from you? What are you going to tell her? What the hell do you know? Nothing. That's what I told her. Lire. I don't know nothing. Lire. 1057, W.I.O.D. You're going to burn in hell now. Lire. George knows everything. Okay. He knows it all. Don't believe a word of it when he says. You're going to burn in purgatory. You're going to be doing a hot day. That's also thing forever for the rest of your life. Right there in between a thing in a heart place. Good morning. It's 11 o'clock. I'm Lisa Leapary. Here's what's happening. Free people are seriously injured after a wastewater management helicopter crash. Is it called each international airport? What other person on the chopper? Okay. No word on what caused that crash. Florida Marine Patrol investigators continue looking over a home video tape of Sunday's Boding accident on the Fort Lauderdale Intercoastal. It's up the video. We'll shed some light on the accident. Krisha Passengers who survived deadly fire on board the Vista Fjord are headed back home without going on their European cruise. Khruslines has canceled the voyage to repair damage caused by the blaze, which is being blamed on an electrical short circuit. NASA officials keeping a close eye on the wind this morning as they wait for the shuttle Columbia's return to Kennedy Space Center. The money part of the Elizabeth Taylor Larry Fortensky divorce is finally final. Taylor's lawyers won't say how much. He's getting, but they do say that if he's careful and lifts the kind of lifestyle he was living before he was married to Taylor, he could be set for life. Probably sunny skies today. A slight chance of showers or thunderstorm showers. Heiner 84 currently 77 degrees. Related sky spy traffic report brought to you by dionetics and accident with injuries in day County, Southbound 95 at Southwest 25th Road. Also North candle drive an accident there at Southwest 89th Avenue and Northbound 95 at the entrance ramp to Westbound 836. When life becomes a battleground, your mind is your best weapon read more about it in L run Hubbard's World of Claimbook dionetics available at 120 Harald O'Coral Cables. In your up to date, I'm Lisa Lupari on 610 WIO. The radio station, Colon, bike, she goes bail barn. 610 WIOG Miami Fort Lauderdale. Neil Rodgers. Who is so much man ready to save it, buddy? I got to feel that body, buddy. Who is it? Touch this body, buddy. Who is it? I said, buddy. You got to touch this body, buddy. Who is it? Yeah. Uh-huh. Body. All right. Who body? Who yeah? Tom Cruise. He wants to be a much-o-man. Making bam-beenos with your cold kid man. Talking boots in the morning. Go, Tom Go. Don't lose it now. You better go slow. He's on top. Cause he's a much-o-man. And of course, he's put it in. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Don't fall out. Man. All right. You got to leave it in. Don't fall out, man. Squared Squared. You got to leave it in. Much-o-much-o-man. Tom Cruise wants to be a much-o-man. Much-o-much-o-man. Oh yeah. He wants to be a much-o-man. Who yeah? 1103WMD. Here's a facts from the LP gang at LP Auto Sales in Miramar. Miramar. Maybe this guy had a contact him and they get him a job fixing up East Miramar. Or they in West. They're on, I don't know where they are. They're in Miramar. Thanks, guys. Look at that. Nice thing with A. It says goodbye, but. Here's a great facts. It's the top 10 Jeff Remer cliches who are during any Panthers game. Should I read these now? Should I wait till Friday? Otherwise he might not show up through. They're getting very sensitive. Any motionless old age. I'll tell you that. Boy. Very thin skin. Very too much working with that Denise. I think it's rubbing off. Very thin skinned. Number 10 Dave Lowry in full flight. By the way, it wasn't Dave Lowry. It scored that picture posty regola was Billy Lensy against the Bruinser Kimber. I just mentioned that for the tenth time. Stop talking about hockey Kimber in Burris for you. Nothing. You wouldn't know a hockey puck from 45 pounds of mozzarella. Number nine, Murphy can't keep it in his own. Number eight, blank to blank the pass fails to click. Use any players name to fill in the blanks. Number seven, gust of sense it off the dasher. And here comes prancer too. I hate that word, dasher. Oh, do I hate that? The dasher. Oh, God River. Number six, Melon B is written off the play. Number five, all my even Dickenberg's embarrassed. Number four, young Robbie Neetermira, out of two games scoring streak. Number three, Lindsey dances across the line. Oh, by the way, speaking of dancing. The greatest spot. Pepsi always has the best spots. Have you seen the one with the dancing beers? Were they doing the village people? You haven't seen that? And the old guy looks to it and it's old town in the middle of nowhere. And the guy at the old fart looks through the window. He pulls the blinds either. Oh, it's going to really be hell if they ever learn the macarina. It's oh, God, it's great. Nice God, Pepsi. I'm buying that Pepsi stock. I'm dumping that Wayne that bolt headed geek. Number two, Chris Wells improving every game. And the top project, Rimmer Clay Shea, heard during any panther game. Number one, Chris Wells, a healthy, scratch. Thank you, well, Mitch and Glenn in the Broward County. I'm getting some good faxes here today. That's what it's all about. Ellie Brecker and whatever his name was, Barry Johnson. That's what it's all about. It's getting good faxes. The call suck, but the faxes are great. Here's a mobile and four-loader deal. Hello. Hey, deal. Yes, sir. Yeah, first time call. One second time. First time I mentioned that B word over there. But how was your fucking authority? Yeah. I just want to call. What is your cut net station? I do have to admit that they've got to go to the house. Yeah, the last few hundred. He was one of the best towns I've heard. I've done something with Scott and myself. I have it down here for about ten years now. And I've been listening to you guys faithfully. Yeah. What's the call numbers? What's the dial number going to be where you're moving? I can't say five sixty WQA in there. I mean, we're not going to be for months now. They're going to get pissed off here. I got to. I'm still on the payroll here at six ten W. What did I OD? I got to get my dial here. I got to get it locked on so you're right now. But we're going to have to remove that lock because... Yeah, get that lock off in there. Just like a chest and he built. Get that lock off. Yeah, you've got to. I just heard you mentioned that we left still for four months. Is there any possibility maybe he's come back in here? Oh, yeah. I'm sure he's coming back to this out. Yeah, he wants to work here. I'm sure that out. Maybe he's going to get you to get back to this other place as you can. I don't think Phil Henry's coming back to this horse in Buggy town. I could be wrong about that. But if he's smart, he's making a big time. Boy, they're not a good talent when they live here. Yeah, you'll see that again. Now, they just kind of stood through the crack. You know how that goes. Now they're going to lose another one when they lose you. Yeah, well, this guy here, he might just like run a paper, I guess. Evan, Ellie. Well, you have a good one, Neil. And now I'll be listening to you. Okay, thanks, Pally. See ya. Open line and Broward. At what is that number at Broward? 76794637767WD. Don't be playing those jingles either way. Oh, me, y'all. See that, don't even have no colliders on it. Thank you so much. Oh, thank God. Thank Larry, said it again. He said it again. Does it make you feel better when you say that? I don't think so. Don't make me feel no better and no worse. It's just like words. Okay, sticks and stones will break, but don't tell the FCC that. Don't tell Buddy but that sticks and stones, but those words because we got to cover our ass. You know how that goes? We got to cover our ass and make it look good. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, congratulations. I'm a 20 year listener and I think it's great what's going on there. I think it's sensational. I think the only thing I wish is that people know what a tremendous tacos you are. I want to come to issues, although I don't really miss that very much. Yes, through that. Now the next thing we need to do is move manage up a new in the hammer spot. I think that will really ever happen. That's it. Just start stirring the pots. Start starting trouble now. You're a man to Jenny more. Yeah. The only other thing that really intrigues me about Buddy faction is how come they're advertising the church of Scientology on your station. Don't be fristed. Because they're paying a big bucks for it. They'll take anything. Interesting, Edmont. Thanks, Dale. Okay. See ya. What's wrong with El Ron how about anyway? We have an open line at day at 629-4636222Wild. Here's a mobile in Miami at a Broward line. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Did you see the hockey game last night? I saw the, uh, some of the flyer game. I saw some of the Hartford game. Wow. Wow. Was that a game Hartford and Buffalo as Jeff Sanderson scores two goals in the third period Hartford wins and that was really something. I was watching the range again. Which game are you talking about? The range again. They had a commercial drawing. Couldn't you just smell an F game though? The range has just got on fire and they scored those, uh, they scored like three goals and about five seconds there was just unbelievable. Yeah. I was rooting for so many, bud. Well, anybody. But you had to like the cheap shot that Lundra us took. It's old fee there at the end of the game. That was good when the game was over and he like whack them right in the head and all Samuel St. just lay there on the ice. I was given a standing salute. I loved it. I love it too. But they had a commercial that's too, uh, withdrawing. I still have the commercial was about except that they were throwing Canadian on the ice. Like we were throwing a rat. Yeah. They just started throwing Canadians as flopping around the ice. Yeah. I love it. I also saw part of that game too much. I'll beat the islanders to the one. I get down to this part of the season. All these teams, especially in the eastern conference, right on pins and needles like all with an appointed two going for that last response there. It's great. It's dynamite. Well, we got put something on the panters water. We got to catch them on fire. Yeah. Right. Let's go. Okay. You bring the matches, pal. See you. See you. We have an open line at Broward. 767, 9463, 766. How many matches does it take to ignite the panthers? That's our question today. How much of a fire do we have to light deep underneath their rectum before they find to get with it? We'll find out tomorrow night. We got a tough assignment here. Man, we got New Jersey and we got Pittsburgh Wednesday and Friday this week. The last two home games, the last two games of the regular season and two really on fire teams at the moment. And I'll tell you what. They would better damn well win one of them. We got the Rangers hovering right on our rectum. Only one point behind it. Of course, Pittsburgh has still got they got to game tonight. In fact, after tonight, they're only going to be like two points behind. Most likely or one point behind. I'm sorry. Because they're going to beat the crap out of the Bruins and Pittsburgh tonight. You can take that right to the bank. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Great. I have a question for you talking about the act in style it. I am. You got all the act inside it when Pessor has coming up. Can't any matcha? I don't eat matcha. Yeah, he got any matcha. I don't. And all of you say it again. I don't eat matcha and I don't celebrate Paisa or Hanukkah or I do celebrate poor Am I doing it home in touch? Ah, it's a good stuff. Yeah. It's a best field of matcha is over at Locks Haven at those little supermarkets. Yeah. A dollar is something a box. Never not for five pounds. The five pounds are only like four something. Oh, they're going to be mob now. I know. They're all the old people from the beat. All the old kids over there on the beat. Where is the place? It's called Locks Haven. There's three of them. One in North Miami Beach. One in Broward. And one somewhere down south. Oh, great. I sure hope they're not trained. Not a chance. Okay. There's a real Jew for you. We have all the power lines open. 777-9463-767W-IOD. As we get ready for Paisa. And I'm going to tell you right now when we get real close to Paisa. At that point, you can stay home. You can play the Terrent Teller all day long because I'm telling you they're ain't nobody on these phones. What is this? Oh, this is the Osolamiro. Oh, mama, miro. Miro. Miro. And I bet you're too, do you think? Osolamiro. Oy. Stun thrones of the... Stun thrones of the... Sounds like a lot for the speedsteef, actually, to me. Veho, the British. Oh, now he's going to need a place to get out of here. Anyway, we have to... Broward lines wide open. 777-9463. Not looking too good. Very Jackson was right. I think he had a good point. Wayne's pissed off. We don't know about what yet, but he's pissed off. Here's Miami. Hello. New. Yes, sir. I thought we were going to fall. Leave your way too long. How you doing? Rain. I got a topic for you. Yeah. I had a couple weeks ago. This guy got a depth and a few electric chair members there. Yeah, I'm the flames flying over his head. I don't know if I'll fire over that. Yeah, I like that. You believe he's pecker head. You're trying to come up with new rules, not to make sure they don't suffer well. Oh, yeah, we have to kill him lightly. Don't you remember, Mighty Pai Tha, they talked about killing the frogs lightly. We have to kill his murderers lightly. I say more power to us. I see, let's see, the flames shooting out of the top of the building. I had an argument with the butt head, which actually some kind of something she feels sorry for the guy. I don't. And I'd be feel sorry for the person he was like doing or something and stabbing in the head. Right. That's right. I mean, it's like, you know, you don't mean she goes, you can't decide if this man is going to die or live. Right. He's right. Also, he said, shot something like that. He watched the reds getting the other night. We have an open line in date, six, two, two, two, W-I-O-D. We have two at Broward, seven, six, seven, nine, four, six, three. Let's hear from all those bleeding hearts. Let's get a topic going here about the death penalty. That's original. See, that's what happened. I hate to break the news to Walter's Sabo and all these other experts who think they know something about this business. The problem with topic radio is that there's only like 10 topics. And they've all been butchered man. Capital punishment. All abortion. The faggot's. They're all done. They're all done, maybe. They've been twisted and yanked and turned and pulled and chewed and spit out. The liberals against the conservatives and the contrap controversy. Give me a break already. Okay. It's dead meat. It's done. It's history. As Mary Shallonberger would say, a pop at O Park. And it's history. By the way, it's this way. Mary, here's the finished line over here. Sweetheart. It's 11 14 at WIO D. 16 WIO D. About as functional as Album. Back at you. Good. Good. Good. Good. God. What a. What a. You're one. You're in. Wow. I've been 48. Fowder's last night on that picture screen. I've been borders into that x-rated machine. Don't miss her. They got a funny look in that. Who carries them up. And as long as you got cash, you're always on top. A lot's of things that vibrates. And girb it magazines on the master of the zesterwood. It comes to mind, don't mind. I choke it. I stroke it. It gets a sore. I soak it. I try it. It's hard. I can't rise above it. Or it's what it is. Every time it's 50 cents, but I like it. I love it. I want some more. Honey. Oh, yeah. Oh, I wanted it. I wanted it. I wanted it. Are you sure? I wanted it. 11 18 at WIO D. We have an open line at Broward. 1167, I'm 463, 767, WIO D. It's a great Tuesday, man. It is one of the best days of my life out there in that right now. I can feel it. I can smell it. I can hear it. Thank God. It's Tuesday. Did that make me feel better saying that? Yes, it's a matter of fact. God didn't have nothing to do with it. But maybe. No. Good. Did. Here's Miami. Hello. How you doing? Great. Hey, I'm something night. I went over to Bob Rubino's on the beach full of arts. The average age in that joint is 150. I'm on Helldale Beach, but... Oh, man. I'm so proud of that. Yeah, I guess these were the people that didn't have their teeth in a glass. Kind of hard to chew those ribs with your gummus. Hey, that's a lot of blue here in that joint. Uh-huh. Hey, um, do you have a thing. What were you expecting about to teenagers in the Hellendale? Yeah, yeah. You're the night on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the home roof. Yeah, I don't, the knees. Put me. Now, why won't I get them when you're show? Who? The knees, pop me. I don't want them on a show. Okay. We have room around a show. to niece will have to have the rim man. What is it? I was actually going to kill you and put up. I guess now I know huh. I went to first day over there. I have no idea. He's probably either rocktober 1st or January 1st. One or the other. I'll never come first. Huh? Either way I follow you from here to eternity. Okay pal. One more thing. Jess? I want to think my friend Victor for picking up my pillow yesterday and I want to call him a douchebag. Okay. I was the K.S.M. Yes. Are you going to tap on a whole mic to banjo what? Don't look good. Don't look good man. We better pray for a miracle. Hey, it's George going with you over what? Jess he is. Yeah. So are we looking for ball d now? Huh? Are you looking for ball d? Ball d don't own that station. Oh thank God for that. Ball d's got nothing to do with what I inspired. Don't get influenced by this Barry Jackson guy. Ball d ain't going to try to control what I say. Okay. That's very good then. I'm listening to you over there. Okay pal. I'll be back. I'll be back. Wow. Emotionally. A emotional man. They're all worked up. There go wherever I'm going. That's their follow me like the pie pieper. We have an open line in date 6229463 like the pie pieper. And speaking of that by the way. Here's some small real small for Prace out. Ta-da. Ta-da. Ta-da. George. Ta-da. Ta-da. Ta-da. Ta-da. Ta-da. Ta-da. Ta-da. Ta-da. Ta-da. Ta-da. Never in Godfather 3 Joey Sasa was standing in the doorway. And they were all singing his D-star-da. Ta-da. Ta-da. And all of a sudden they all stopped like and held their breath. They held it. And they're breath too. And then Connie like she's always the one. She's got to get the family going. Come on. She starts with the arm. Ta-da. Ta-da. Ta-da. Doing it again. We have two open lines in Brow. It's still a great movie. And you must see it. And the Pope still has a bad, a bad glass of tea. Okay. A glass of tea. Come on, Pope. Have a little tea here. And it was the last one. But boy it went down smooth. Two open lines in Broward. So can like the altar boy. 7679463. 767WIOD. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Good morning. You're a great boy. You got a quick for-preport. What a Latino. See? Right between commercial and sunrise. And the bushes with his radar gone. All right. A quick two-barons report for you. Yes sir? My wife had our baby at Wishboka Medical Center... Your wife had two-barons, baby? No. You don't know ours. But the lady take the nurse taking care of her since two-barons have stayed in the same room when his wife gave birth. How do you like that? And she's stepping in. May your first child be a masculine child. I'll see you in Pittsburgh. There's a guy in his way to be on his way to be a penguin. Be worthy penguins. I love that Pepsi spot with a dancing bear as man. That is the best. The best. They're doing a why they're at the YMCA. They're doing a village people thing. And the guy says, God help us. You know what he said? He didn't say God help us. Did he? Ha ha ha. Oh, I think he said heaven help us. They don't want to say God in those spots. Even though, oh, no, wasn't Pepsi. Who was it with the spots with the religion? What was that? Snickers? Was it with the Snickers bar that they were eating in there because they had all the time for all the get skis that were coming in there doing a prayer in a locker room. Most Snickers. Love those Snickers bars man. They'll kill you. Those Snickers ice cream cones man. Those are great too. They'll kill you. But go buy a bunch because we love their spots. We love those heathens spots that have the balls to come on there. And just thumb their nose and all his bull crap. Two open lines and brawards. 767 where they don't have the balls to thumb their nose at anything and braward. They're thumbing it. Here's a here's mirror marinimobile. Hello. Yes sir, when is Diaz? Father of talk radio. Yes, I am the great grandfather. Well, I'll respond a time. You were talking about the car father. Trilogy Neil. That's a great experience to stay home and watch all that. That's right. And I would do it again. I just rented mission impossible and I've heard so much about it with Tom. The crews remain calm. Oh no. And it blew. Of course. How could you get sucked into that? I don't know Neil. It was terrible. What a waste. Yeah. Tom Cruise hasn't made a good movie since Jack Nicholson was a child. Neil, I'd like to say one thing and then get a request. Yes. Learning to spell with our now the man the father of ebonics. Yes. Here's something to him. And in regards to buddy but tracks to buddy but action. Go crazy, the Lord. Unbelievable. Okay. God bless you. Oh, you just need. We have an open line on the mobile on purple line. Pound out. He wouldn't have peace. Something if you could say God bless you to somebody. Then they would sneeze. I need to accomplish something. This is learning to spell with Don L. I'll be Don L. Jackson and today we're going to spell the word broken. Bellic with me now. Broken. Be our old K.E.N. Now let's use it in the thinnest. So I said to the coach I say is man that broken show throw a football. This is learning to spell with Don L. Abbey Don L. Jackson. Yeah, leave it to the people out there. No clenkella for you to finally wise America up and make us realize that there happened to be a few illiterate black people out there. Took us a long time to figure that out but there just might be. Here's Walter Massitus. Tusset. Hello. Great. Here's Boston. Yeah, yeah. Namafloready and I'm just going to school here. And what, what made your university of higher learning? Bentley College. Bentley College. Alright. Yeah. We need a couple of institutions. Yeah. Especially for the, especially for the cardinal up there. I noticed David closed down the last strip joint up there and bossed. Everything is getting closed down. Everything shows. That's right. That's right. I mean everything. So they're trying to reform the city. Good luck. Yeah. Good luck to them. Anyway. I don't know what was going out at MIT and Cambridge. They're all doing each other. So, nutty play. Yeah. Anyway, I was at the Panther game this weekend up here in Boston. Sorry to hear that. I agree with you. Can't hear when there's nothing to hear before. Oh, that was pathetic. That was, that was one of the all-time wars. That performance Saturday. And then Chris Wells get that bonehead spearing penalty. And a game is conduct, which takes that one slot on the, which he shouldn't have been in a lineup anyway. But it takes that slot on a lineup and just vacates it. And now what have we got? We got Kirk Monter at Deadman out there. What is the, what's the story? I mean, was this team going out there just looking for fights? Or what was the story? Two minutes into the game. We had five minute major. Well, if you can't, if you're not playing good at least to beat the crap out of Mats, you know, just like Eric at the end of that game last night, you know, they lost a game. So if you're against the least, I'll get old Samuelson and give him a cheap shot and put his ass on the ice. And I score an Eric. Joven, I was killed. I forgot who it was that he was fighting. I did not do it with me. Oh, yeah, right. I killed the guy. Yeah. I came off the ice. Well, it's about time. Anyone on fight with somebody. Any came, well, when a fight with his girlfriend, Lately. At least they got on the plane and Logan having accomplished the win at something. That's right. So anyway, we're hanging out by our thumbnails, man. It's, it's not looking good. I think we're borrowing Stu Barnes from Pittsburgh for the Marnite's game, just for the hell of it. And, and, you know, just getting used to all those stupid flags on the cards and it's lower to us. Yeah, not, not going to land one. Don't have to worry about too many of those right now, man. There's about three of them left. So that guy, they should tell it with the monster, real discount. Okay. Don's Winnie is God. You got a sea of pal. Bye-bye. Here's a call from Waltham Mass. What a great place that is Boston. They can't screw that city up the matter. How hard they try. That's a place. Quincy market. And what else? Quincy market and Quincy market. I guess that's basically all it's left. They did it. Everything else is gone. Adventure car hop, that's gone. Artiginsburg is gone. Jerry Williams. They relegated to the weekends in our KO. No more dick science with a stupid dating show. No more nothing. Boston used to be so great. It used to have schmals. Now it's like basically that's it. Quincy market. And you know something the food they got good fried clams strips. You like fried clams? Oh boy, they got good ones up there. They got good chauda. But you have to say chauda. Chauda. Chauda. Chauda. Chauda. Not good. That was the stick version of it. Okay. I don't believe it when George says he knows nothing. Okay. Lying to you. We have an open line in date. 6 2 2 9 4 6 3. I want to tell you right now. We haven't had so much good times in a long time. We haven't had this much of a good time in years and ages. Because the last year after they sold this joint last May, that was the worst year of my life. Everybody else in Phil and we almost blew his brains out. That was a bad bad bad bad bad bad bad several months. And then it got really worse because then the sales took place. And we had the honeymoon period, which lasted about five minutes. And we thought our boys isn't going to be great now. Refuse to listen to what everybody else told me and guess what they were all right. 11 28 at W. I. D. Let me. 6 10 W. I. D. I. Right man. You don't have to punch up my headlights. Just hold your tempo. I don't think you're wearing your red one lipstick right. Right man. You turned. You don't have to wear that dress tonight. You wait short-up money. Come up with me. I sorry, you're transvestite. Right man. You don't have to show up for all your fans. My. Please don't say you're Honest Money Cast You're Honest money cuts You're Honka tear You're honka tear You're Honka Yeah. You're Honoka give me, I don't do You're Honka tear I liked them. I am 33 people who actually admire him and like him and recognize him as a human being is kind of a frightening thought in it dear god. Oh, he said it again. Two open lines in day at 6229463622WI. Oh, D. Don't play that. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. You with me? I'm with you. Oh, hey, good afternoon to you. Morning, sir morning. Okay, great. I wish you all the best luck in your move. Thanks. Okay, I've been following you since the days of they do. All right. We've definitely done there, huh? Yeah, we did. Yeah. What happened with that? How come we moved the way from there? Yeah, because moved away from there because life goes on like is in a lot more money. Oh, there you go. Ha ha. Good for you. Show me that money, baby. Yeah. Show me the color of it. Like in real green, right? Real bright green. But you used to play the radio and play the music and it was a lovely thing. I remember that. Wait, what's your do those are the good old days, man? Yeah, because you know how to play music and how come we're sticking on a map. I'm doing why not to do it, y'all. It's the money, baby. Like I said, it got the big bucks that I'm there to say, yes, I'll take it. Thank you so much. Where do I sign? I absolutely agree with you. They man, take it to the bank. Anyhow, I'll pay no Detroit. The up there. I'm they got talk show with Don and Mike there. Yeah, right. I don't know how they get away with saying now. Those guys make money too. Don and Mike. Yeah, 150 bucks a week. Okay. Well, and Detroit, that's good money. Call us, buses. Yeah. Hey, Neil. I just wanted to say hello and wish you good luck and everything. Okay. And keep in touch. Okay. And keep that bad in between the dishes. Okay. Got what? See you. Open line today. Call us, buses. Don and Mike. Remember those great days? We rip off Rick and son. Yeah. Well, we know that. Call us, buses. And phone booth challenge. Remember that day. The telephone booth challenge. Oh, man. I mean, talk about a cheap rip off. I mean, when you're ripping off Rick and son's, what is that? I mean, what is that? Ripping off pay phone challenge and calling it telephone booth challenges, something like that. And then having some guy like in Jacksonville, South Carolina, I love all these syndicated shows that run on these big markets. They all seem to gravitate to Jacksonville, South Carolina. There must be something there that I don't know about. It must be really good. Like Rednecks. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, the Ohio Don. Great. I guess that means everybody in Detroit must live in the trailer. Uh-huh. They're probably number one. They're number one in Taylor, Michigan. I guarantee you that. They're number one in Taylor, Don and Mike. That's what I just heard. Call us, buses. Okay. Neil. Yeah. All right. Well, I guess what you move, we're going to have to do a new game show learning a new show with Neil. Uh-huh. What does that mean? I don't know. Okay. Just round rhymes. Good, though. Anyways, the thing with the guy with the flames shoot out of his head. Yeah. What they should have done is they should have gave the parents a cigar and let them light it off the top of his head. All right. I like sympathize with these people. Yeah. Thank goodness. He's dead. Anyways, I'm a nice Tuesday. But are you sure? Are you sure? Let's crack it up again. Just to make sure. Okay, pal. You more flame. That's it. Few more flameers. Okay. We have an open line on the out of timeline of Worldwide line. The Palm Beach line on the audio net line. He has said a online one triple eight four seven four nine four six three. We have an open line in date six two two nine four six three six two two W I O D on a magnificent Tuesday. Don't tell me Mary's parking lot with that login issue. Oh my god. Are we ever going to resolve this log today? Are we this is the 80 fifth copy of this log that they even a blanket never saw so many logs. Even John Holmes never saw so many. Here's Tamara. Hello. Is that me? Yes, sir. Hey, come by. Hey, come by. Hey. That's small tea stuff, man. Hey, listen. Hey, listen. There we go. Hey, go. Hey, listen. Get the calzone. Okay. So anyway. Listen, it's not going to be any waiting period between this and QA. Emma. What we don't know yet. You know, yeah, that remains to be determined. Oh, you know, I mean, I'd be a battle of the talk show host. Yeah. And I just want to tell you. I don't get mad. Okay. Okay. We have an open line of Broward 7679 463 767 W I O D. Thank God that he called. I'm going to keep saying that just for that one guy that thinks that he's out of the religious closet. He's trying to make the big step. He took the big step. He went and saw a movie. He saw the godfather. I didn't know no godfather. I love that guy. I love that Frankie Pentangely. Even if he does sleep with the fishes, I love Frankie Pentangely. He was great. That scene was so great. Hey, they said Michael Colly only did this. Michael Colly only did that. Then I said, okay, sure. That was great. We have an open line on the out of town line. One, Triple 84749. Forcing. I mean, if you haven't seen the godfather, it's sitting there waiting for you right now. You dummies. It's sitting there waiting for you right at the, where's my a movie thing here? It's still planned. I checked it out just to make sure that you bastards can still go. What are you waiting for? You wait for a personal hand grain, the invitation for crying out loud? Where is it? Where's my movie thing? Where's the movie guy for a day to count? Yeah? And how come an interplay and it grow? What's a bit? What's it with that? Let's see. Day to count. It's at the GCC Intercostal 83701 northeast 163rd in North Miami Beach right there on Nevada. Godfather today noon 335 and 710. Three showing. What do you be waiting for? How can you understand what they were talking about? All these great smallty lines. All these great smallty characters. You don't know no green from Uranus unless you're seeing the godfather. And if you don't know no green, you don't know squat. I mean, what tell us that all about? People that think that they know something about life and they haven't seen the godfather? My favorite line in a homovis when Mo Green said, but quite safe. I only had one eye. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, it's Bill. I just moved to Florida and I love it. He actually want to tell you I'm early enjoying your show. Thank you so much, Bill. I moved here from the West Ocean. There's only two things that kind of bother me. I had more NASCAR news and I've ever had my life. Oh god, what's the Yahoo factor man? I've got to factor that in. And I'm getting a little freaked out about the prospect of Monday football starting at 9 o'clock at night on the East Coast. I see not much productivity going on Tuesday mornings in the East Coast. That's for damn sure. And of course, the fact that it starts nine o'clock on East Coast, it gives them a good solid three hours to tailgate and get plastered out of their mind so that if you do have an agotable game on a Monday night, forget it, you'll never get out of their life. That's right. Well, I just enjoy your show and keep up the good. Thanks a lot, Bill. And God bless you, man. Make this tiny Tim said, what a tiny Tim say anyway in Christmas, Carola? What the hell did tiny Tim say that was such a big deal? But I don't think you've got to be saying it no more. Come on, one more time, tiny Tim. Oh, too late. Open line at Broward 767-9463 767-Wiod. Ebony's her screw. Do I think he had the right idea? Forget the monster. That's what he said. He said, let's eat something goyish. You're like a Christmas goose. You know what I always said, don't ever pass up a Christmas goose. In fact, last Christmas, we had somebody in here. I wanted it. But I didn't get it. Here's Carl Springs, hello. That's up to a Christmas goose. Uh huh. That was I was on the internet last night. Yes. And I found something here. I have it on tape right now. I think you may be able to hear it. I think you enjoy it. Okay, Phil Henry, I bet. No. Better than that. Her boss, Miranda, soon. Absolutely. WBC. ABC. It's Chime time, baby. WBC. Hello again. Here's my best to you. Now, there was a guy who was like the Carl the Susan of New York. I think that the 41 seconds of him singing hello again. Oh, my God. That just makes my spinkier twitch. They also have on there a thing when Roby Young was fired. Yeah. That he was on the air, spreading the thing about the Beatles being dead. Yeah. And then they came in and they said to him, you're off the air. He was gone like that. All right. I'm waiting for that. I mean, uh huh. So you can collect a big fat check. A big fat one right. I'll never get that lucky man. I'll never get paid for five minutes for not working. I'll just never get that lucky. No, I've never had that either. You'll give you two. You notice and you're gone. Right. Make me work to the list. Oh, last miserable second. He squeezed the last ounce of energy. The last blood out of the rock. Absolutely. And you said, and you and you try to be productive and I'm going to have productive yard of bastards. Well, always say he didn't do that. That's right. That's right. He, uh, it fudge his way through. So to speak. Well, you're going to have to change you from what it's said in the paper today. You can have to change your Larry King thing to say loan me $500. There you go. Have a great day, Pat. Come on. See you. We have an open line in day. It's 6229463. We have one in Broward. 7679463. Thanks to Ellie Brecker and what's his name there that puts Barry Jackson for all the free publicity even if most of the info was inaccurate. But who cares? It's the Harold. Or they run on spots on our station. Like I said, we love the Harold. Not running those spots on a show. Not that they're petty or that they hold a grudge. But they don't run those spots on the knee or I'm just showing up proud of that. We may have dionetics. We may have El Ron Hubbub, but we sure don't have their freaking Miami Harold on a show. Thank the Lord for that. Thank God. Thank Dick Kepon for that. Remember Dick Kepon? Here's a guy. Dick Kepon used to be the publisher of the Miami and the editor. Whatever it was. Another far-bis in a guy. Dick Kepon. He was one of the accruesators against casino gambling. Like that whole family out there who happened to be in bed with Mickey Harrison and his cruise ships were gambling is okay. It's kosher on the cruise ships. It's a cent of fits in town. Just keep that in mind. Because the cruise ships of course happen to be over there by the port of Miami, which is right by the Harold building one Harold Plaza, and they're going to make a lot of money when they clean up that whole area. Their property value is going to go skyrocketing, which will not offset the downgrading of Knight Riders stock. But too bad. They'll squeak their way through. I was out of a Chapman doing dead. We have an open line at Broward 7679, 4663, 767. I've been in this town 21 years. I've seen him come and go. I've seen the media equity. I've seen the cesspool of politics. I've seen the corruption, the bullcrap. I've seen the old people running this town. I've seen the just destroying everything that might have been good like spring break, for example, chasing everybody out under the age of 100 out of this town. I've seen it. I've seen all those crazy old Cubans out there in Domino Park playing with their Domino's in singing La Bamba. And then when they hear the wrong music on the radio drop, La Bamba every now and then here and there. And by the way, I can smell it. I think he's cigar all the way through in here. You know who that's going to upset? You don't want to leave on a bed. No with him, do we? It's not stinky. This is a great cigar. It does smell very good by the way. It's coming right through the vents. Oh, one of a higher. I think it's the cigar. Oh, maybe it's fat boy again. 1145 had Wild. Boy, talk about the enter. He was in here this morning. Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, wow. He just wound up like a damn tighter than a snare drum. And he's going to die. I'm telling. He's going to die unless he stops eating. Any minute now. Any minute now. We're going to have a report that fat boy just croaked. Unless you stop eating. Stop shove it on all that stuff down your gullet. Will you? Down your gulliver. By the way, let's just play the, let's play the soundtrack from a clockwork or in junior year now. Huh, speaking to me, gulliver. I wonder how his snake is coming. Anyway, so I'm one. Bassel. Right. Basil like Beethoven. Anything with a B. As in Beat Somebody Up. 1145 at Wild. 16 Wild. A. You done worse. Holy cow, Aaron's coming. There's only 10 bears again. Oh, yelling. What's this rule up on? I said, Ellen, they said that you're coming out. I said, Ellen, Felix just shut your mouth. There's no need to be offended. Ellen, there's only for suspense. I said, Ellen, you are really intense about women in the biblical sense and the whole life. Well, well, no is. Just a lick of you came right out of your proud to be a you came right out of you. A proud to be a right. Don't worry, folks people heard your career. Help me, Jones come both ways for years. I don't suppose that you are proud to be a tagger and boy did it. I'll be a little bit of a gift. I'll give you a gift. I'll give you a gift. I'll give you a gift. Katie, please don't sing in the blues. I said Katie, did you hear the good news? I said Ellen. Oh my god. Where in comfortable shoes but you got to know this one thing? Ellen. Never all by yourself by years and a burn hearts come off the shelves. You do anything. Together all to yourself be the five months. Let's have a rich. He's never like he's saying proud to be a a person's regular game of proud to be a Markana, we know face both sides of the fence  ball about the face and it says  boys say how proud to be a how bone hands vo parcel in F wow losing his big aim. they esas All my emple bit stuff Sin Congratulations, get a life. Congratulations, gonna lie. Come on. Two, be good. 1152 and W. I.O.D. That's your fit in their regional license site. The net we have an open line at Broward 76794637767W. I.O.D. we got a pair on the green lines. The out of town lines, the worldwide audio net lines, which we, which the Paxon people pay for. Keep those babies going. One triple eight four seven four nine four six three. One eight eight eight. So we get any rumors about the running run, meeting that's going on. The big gap, how? Still going on? Okay, we'll keep our ears to the grindstone. Here is Miami Beach on a mobile. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. They can send a run run back to Tampa from the turn. How about Clearwater? That sounds good to me. Okay. That sounds just cool. What about the Virgin Mary? Yes. Just cool. I wish you good luck at QA. Thank you, sir. I don't think I'll need any luck. I think it's gonna be a piece of cake. I think it's gonna be great. They're wonderful people. They've been very nice to me. And, you know, it's gonna be fine. Yeah. Listen, I mean, these are, these are not people who dabble in radio as kind of a sideline in the middle of like eight million other businesses. And maybe one day they're in and the next day they're out and they're trading them like baseball cards. These are people who've been in the business a long time and plan on being in for a long time. They've got to come up and do it. And you don't have to worry if like maybe tomorrow if his Highness wakes up on a wrong side of bed. They're gonna, you know, turn your life upside down. And then it could be that way over there. Exactly. Well, that's great. And not for what the best Neil. Thanks. You had a caller a little while ago that said he's flipping the same car to two barns. Right. I'm not at the same time. Yeah. I know that guy. I'll bet he paid the nurses to sniff the sheep. Probably. Take care Neil. OK, pal. See ya. Bye, bye. OK. We have an open line on the mobile one line. Ah, they up, mobile one purple line. Pond IOD. We have one in Broward 767, 9463, 767, WIOD. What they just disconnected the Pond beats lines? They wouldn't do that. They wouldn't do that to us. What they of course not. Here's Wayne who's still pissed off about his check by the way. Do you ever get that screened out? I have to call her. She called him on me. That bitch. Yeah, get that bitch straight. Now to be there. Keep short in your check Wayne. Who the hell is she? Think she is playing fast and lose with your money. That f***ing bitch. And by the way, my good friend Matt at the bank yesterday told me astonishing numbers about how many customers I've got over that place. I mean astonishing. We have more than amazing. So anyway, Matt, where's my commission? I'll take it out in trade pal. Love my buddy Matt Kirschoff over there at the family bank of the sawgrass. There is a guy. One of our fine sponsors by the way. Here's a guy that anybody would like to shake his hand. Now let's see. What is this? Here's the new possible replacement. Let's take a poll on his Joey Reynolds 10 to 2. Now we're talking. Get push. Get the man. Well, that was the wrong one, but it fit right in. I am that him right. There was. Linda, energy and a physician. That would be good. That would be great. They could pedal some good stuff here between 10 and 2. And Bishop doing girl talk. Philip Michael Thomas, psychic vice. Don Shula and Chuck Dowdl to in sports talk. Yahoo, Chuck Dowdl, boy, oh boy, that's frightening. What a Yahoo he was. Morton Downey, Jr. without the bad haircut, it says Joe Girston to in smoke this. And Jan Arino, tall girls need love too. Not too bad. So here you go. Jim Dunlap, Jay Jim Murdock, Rick Shaw, and the whole bunch of more, more, more, Wayne Ferris, all the old friends. Glenn, raker, while making a big comeback. Wonderful, WQA. Would you stop playing that, Tanner? 1156 in WIOD. We have two of our own board, but I'll tell them. Two open lines in the out of town lines. One triple eight, four seven, four nine, four six three, one triple eight, four seven four. WIOD, get the call at his right. Six ten, WIOD. Let's say it. Six ten, WIOD. Oops, just drop my coffee. Sorry, drop it on the floor. One moment please. Oh, God. He's tiny one in the sunshine state. I'm William Robert Milford III with you is from 16 WIOD brought to you by dionetics. The hot led flew through the streets and the blood flowed in the gutters this morning in Key West. A fired bartender started shooting up rum runners. One man dead, one critical, two other customers walking wounded. The cops have the shooter helicopter crashed first thing this morning in Palm Beach International Airport. Sound Florida water management districts. Compton crashed at the airfield pilot was talking to the tower when something went wampus. The hellows and aerospace hell. I used to be able to say it. Airspace L.A. 300. Good bird. They got five injured all series of St. Mary's in West Palm. Are you in nail tech? Do you know someone who is? Did they go to the artistic nail academy in temperate pines? Well, guess what? They might not be a real nail tech. In fact, there's state Bay of suspended their license in about 1500 others for not meeting state standards like that. I don't know. Like a course requirements. So they got a bogus diploma in other words. County Commission really serious about fighting graffiti in date. County, they want to ban the sale of spray paint and broad tip markers. One commissioner. This is somebody you voted for, mind you. He says that graffiti causes crime. Yeah. And once with the state highway to part of what a bunch of foes those. They got crews out cutting grass on the Palm Thatto Express way today. All the nooks and crannies, right? And these idiots don't even bother picking up trash before they start mowing and weed whacking. So instead of big pieces of trash, what do they got? Lots of little pieces flying everywhere. Has stupid can you get mixed of clouds and sunshine this afternoon up to 82, partly cloudy night 71 for a low. Right now it is 78 degrees. When life becomes a battleground, your mind is your best weapon. Read more about it in L. Ron Hubbard's world acclaimed book, dionetics. Oh. Available at one tony 120, her world, though, in Pearl Gables. What do you Robert do for the third one news on 16 W-I-O-D? Here's Sky Spy Traffic. A low sky spy traffic. Well, it's lunchtime, everybody's going to lunch. It's going to be slow and all the usual places. More starved by traffic later on 16 W-O-R-O-D. Moral period is good. Starting tomorrow. 16 W-I-O-D. Miami. Fort Lauderdale. How do you repulse as you more? Very sweet. Like we would more hair. You might think that it's a bummer. Boy. When will Henry's gone? Okay. Say goodbye to Aaron. Summers. Say hi to Ron and Ron. Then go on a Texas. Are you? That's a matter of fact. He changed his act I sense a corner again Christian Roy I just as he can be He wants to change the stations letters The WGOD now will work A lesson, lesson, lesson, lesson Taxi, keys, the plan, class Taxi, lesson, lesson Taxi, we've got a work for maximum Taxi, lesson, lesson Make the sign of the cross Taxi, lesson, lesson, lesson He lies, Kevin That's the first 12.04 WGOD happy Tuesday Two, we have an open line in Date Boy, the hallways are just A blaze with room or any window And Bop-Bop-Bop-Bop In fact, that's going to be the No, we're just going to have 24 hours Get a 90-share easy Just get a get a cassette record Go in and a hallway main You'll have enough material for another 5000 shows Bop-Bop-Bop-Bop-Bop They're all guessing and Speculating and this one's coming back And this one's going here And I think the bottom line is Jim Reely is going to be doing a show Really? Open line in date 622WOD Two on the out of town lines One triple eight 4749463 One eight eight eight 474 WI OD Here's Carl Gevels Hello Tony, how you be? Great I'm here just wanted to say I'm Jerry Show and I'm going to follow you Down to the dial And also have a shameless request for a prison bitch Okay, I'll see if we can get a hold of her 5 lines in date 6229463622WOD On no request 2 day Here's day land Hello How you doing? Great I heard the news you're moving up Yeah, no, it's amazing I'll time that change Yeah, I'm like the Jefferson's man We're moving on out There you go I heard I when I called in a Called in a light sign Yeah, I called in the office I was trying to get the new number Because I mean you got the change of number And I heard that Glenn Hill was trying to apply For the new position there at the IOD That's a good idea there you go the bird I'd like to leave her the bird That sounds good to me That said, and all we need is staying with Don Johnson and Neo, can you do one thing for me before you go? Can't do it, Pally Can't do it Can't do it, Don There you go, I'm a good one Good luck And I hope you make many millions Okay, thanks All right, so yeah Me too Date County is open 6229463622WOD Is in all three lines in date Which is quite a predicament for those of us who are here Here's Miramar, hello Miramar Hello, yes sir How are you doing, Neo? I just had to say that you have a great show And I'll follow you wherever you go And Aaron's something is sucked in a Brook Daniel sucked and run around We're talking Yeah, run around And I'm not a sucking going on man Everybody's going on for you in a fill Henry Okay I can offer you a number one I can offer you a number one I can offer you a number one I can offer you a number one I also have a shame with your quest Okay Donald Duck getting his balls Donald Duck on no request Tuesday Oh my God, are you serious about that? Yeah, Donald Duck is that, you know Donald Duck thought I don't think I can find it Oh my God, I'm feeling so strong I'm strong Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh You're getting it I'm gonna play with my mom. I'm gonna feel so proud. I just roll them around. You're so proud. I'm gonna do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. We have two open lines in date, 62 29463. We have one in Broward 7679463. We got the out of town lines going. We got everything just sitting here waiting for you. And we're the women today. We're the women today. We had one I believe in two hours in the six minutes and 59 seconds. But it was counting. One woman. Is that Neil and I again, Billy, aching about the fact that the women will not pick up that instrument. They're picking it up and I'm afraid they're doing something with it. They're too busy for us. They won't pick that thing up and give us a call on this momentous day when Ellie Brecker, I guess she's the only woman in town. I really is all worked up about this. Ellie Brecker, if you only had a life, she'd find something else to write about. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I don't know if you're tired of hearing this, but I'm gonna follow you too when you go to this other station. Yes. And this other station? Yeah, right. And all of some time we were talking. Yeah. Uptight is bleeding hot, it's corn about the electric chair and you know, what a fire it was. I hope that they take the next one and turn them upside down and let the flames come out of his other head. Right. That's all I want to say. Thank you so much. Okay, there's a gentleman who has no opinions. We have two open lines in Broward, 767, 463, 767 WOD. We have one in date, 6229463, 6222WIOD. I sure hope the audience down that other join is a lot less recalcitrant and a lot more active in the hyper and the woven and doing it. I sure have a feeling that it'll be the same people and they'll still be acting the same. Here's Miami on a mobile. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Good morning. I have a question for you. I understand. Yes. When you do finally make your move, are you taking all your cars with you? Are we going to have the same bit? Are you able to say? No, we're taking all the stuff that belongs to me, which is a lot of it. That's great. Right. I've request I wanted to. That's it. What are you doing to request? Oh, we got a bad connection. See, the first guy calls with a Donald Duck thing. I told you yesterday and again today. We just did all requests in Friday. All requests all day on Friday. Now, all of a sudden again, because these people have got no material. We've got important stuff going on like that bullet train. We've got heavy-duty topics here like the Abbot of Ron and was too big for me. We had to go back to pennies. And these people all they want is stupid request. Okay. That's not to meet and potatoes that people want to pay big bucks for for a stick and talk show. Okay. We're going to have to get Walter Sabo on a phone and find out a good topic to carry us all the way up to to a clock if you don't people get with it. You follow what I'm saying? No. Two open lines in Broward. Six, seven, nine, four, six, three, seven, six, seven, seven. W-I-O-D. Everybody's an expert in this business. How many years have I been telling you that? Everybody's a consultant. Everybody's a program director. Everybody's an expert. They all know how to really do it. They know how to go on there. Get a 20-share. Get those peaks of 20-shares. I'm pretty peeked just thinking about it. Here's Fort Lauderdale on a whatever. Hello. Yes, sir. What's up? This is Jacob's brother. It's who? You know, Jacob? Jacob's brother? Yeah. I know Jacob's ladder. You know, Jacob's? Yes, I do know, Jacob very well. You like him? We have a very good relationship, yes. What's up? Let me ask you this. What's not to like? Everything. Like what? Like everything. I don't know. If you like him, you like him. That's cool. What's wrong with Jacob? He seems like a reasonable young man? No, he's reasonable. He's reasonable. Will the nice earring in his ear? Yeah. Nice earring in his ear. That's all I'll be hearing. You got earrings in both ears, though. What does that mean? I don't know. You tell me. I think I'm figuring it out. All right. I talked to him and he wants me to get a shameless request for him. Because he can't get to the phone. So here we go. He wants Neil God. Here we go. Okay. Give him a big kiss for me. All right. Can I call someone tonight? Yeah. John, how are you? I'm not planning again. Every time he calls, he wants you. Come on. Jacob, get with it. Maybe we can work something out. We have all the Broward lines open. 7679463. 767Wild. Let's see. We got Matt Waden. Because all that money I brought into his bank over there. And we got Jacob waiting for that request. And then of course, you know who else is waiting in the wings? I wanted it. Yeah. CT. Formerly known. The production assistant formerly known as J.C. Now known as. I wanted it. CT. I mean, what is that? It can't even come in here. It's sit around eat free lunch. Like we had the other day for him. We had a free meal in here for him. Wouldn't come in here. He was afraid the wrong things were going to be eaten. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Like I said. Good. No, let's let's nip this thing in the body. It's like it is easier all of a sudden. It's spreading. Let's end it. Even can't he will it's never saw anything spread like this. I am so excited. There is such a great fresh feeling here in sunny South Florida. Is there really? Yeah. There is in my life. I'll tell you that. We've got a great baseball team. We've got a fantastic hockey team. I'm going to do one. Okay. Sort of a carry now. Yeah. We've got a great football team. Basically everything. And festival. Neil Rogers is moving to a radio station. You're just going to be great there. I've won question for you. Yes. Is there going to be a lot of friction with a lot of the host there? I'm not proud. Based on what? Well, I know. You've been reading too much. Very Jackson, I think. Well, maybe Boone, Chris Moore and. Well, well, well, let me ask you. What are they going to be on? Well, obviously, I know you go. You say your eyes and eyes and you do your show. And that's basically, you know, the extent of the relationship. But I mean, they friendly towards you and in general. Yes, they are. Oh, that's my face. Okay. Everybody's friendly to your face. I see them into games all the time at the hockey games. Always friendly to my face. Even to these pop fans is friendly to my face. Right. Even though he runs around telling everybody else what an asshole I am, he's very friendly to my face. So as long as people are friendly to your face, you know, you kind of store it away in the back of your mind. You know what the score really is. And you just go in and you do your thing. It's take your check and say, thank you very much. And you go home and don't have a real life. I'm sure that they offer a little bit of intimidated that Mr. Neil Rogers is coming over there. And from what I gather, I understand that they're pretty much, you know, all jumping for joy. Well, you have to get on there. I'm sure you'll. And if they're not too bad, like a boat Griffin, I don't know about those by reports from power very early in the morning. This morning, we had two spy reports that Bo Griffin was on there, Hocken and a Chinese and Bop Bop Bop Bop Bop. And who knows? Maybe she wasn't. Maybe she said what they said. She said, maybe she did not say what they said. She said, maybe she said what she said, what she said was something different than what they said. What she said, what I'm saying, I don't. How do I know? I don't listen to that station anyway. Just because I'm going to work for Beesley. I'm going to stare listening to power 96. Are you kidding me? No. I mean, that'll be the day. That'd be like my listen to the hot one of five because he used to work for Cox. That would be my luck by listening to the light bulb because I worked for Practices. And see, that's part of the thing with this company. It would be like my go to work for Beesley. I'm going to stare listening to kiss. I love country music. I mean, give me a break. I would listen to kiss if they had a shotgun in my head. Give me a break. To open lines in Broward 7679463, to only out of town lines, one triplet, 474 Wiod. 610 Wiod. We're bad. She gained a claim with her breakout performance in the people vess's Larry Flint. Now, Courtney Love takes the theater by storm, appearing in the classics at the Seattle Reptory Playhouse. See her rifting performance is Lady MacFeth in, a Scottish play. Is this a mother f***ing dagger I see before me? As blanched to war in a street car named desire. I've always relied on the kindness of strangers. And of course, Saint Joan by George Bernard Shawl. Get that torch away from me, mother f***ing f***ing suckin' bastards. Yes, Courtney Love plays the classics. This spring at the Seattle Reptory Playhouse. Yeah, yeah, yeah, get out of my f***ing face. Order your tickets today. Son of a f***ing mother f***ing. 1218 at Wiod. We have an open line in date 6229463. We have a parent-brower at 7679463. 767WiOD. Here's Miami. Hello. 10. Interest rate for 10. Okay, and have a great day. Two open lines in date 6222. Wiod. Here's Hollywood. Hey, yes sir. What's going on? Not too much, pal. I heard you going to another radio station. That was your heard? Yeah. Yeah. Is that true? Yeah. Which station? Hello. What is that? That's a song. You can start. Yeah, you're directing it? I'm directing. Yeah, I believe it. Hey, do you hear what happened to Joe? Joe, who? Joe Mama. Yeah, Joe Mama, my ass. We have an open line in date, but that's good. That's really good man. I bet you're all those guys back there are yankin' it. I mean, son it. Open line in date 6229463. Tooled Brower at 7679463. 767 Puts. Here's a mobile in poker. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I don't get it. I mean, you got a whole bunch of money for you know, you buy a radio station and what are what are you buying? You're buying just the license or I mean, you get rid of all the personnel. Yeah. What did, what the heck did he buy? I don't know. I mean, you know, I guess the first item of evidence should be his letter of recommendation to you and the second item should be the contract, the silly one that you want to do the sign. It's it's done. There's nothing to talk about. And, you know, it's all over with. It's part of the fact that some people in this company are still in denial. It's over. It's history. You know, the 30th of September at the latest will be the last day that I work for Paxon Broadcasting period under any circumstances. They could pay me $5 million a year and I wouldn't work for them. I'll be on that date. There is no chance. There is the Chinaman's chance in hell under any circumstances period. It's gone way beyond money. You can't treat people like crap and expect them to turn around to come in with a smile on their face and say, OK, let me have some more. Unless they're massacists. Let me have some more that great treatment. They put me through a torture of horrors for three solid months of bull crap. And I got news for you. Nobody deserved it. Absolutely. Nobody deserved that. And these people still, this is still in their mind the way you do business, which is why everything that go on down to Paxon. They bought this place from the dolphins to default a managed to bow jangles to me. And there will be lots more. I'm sure on the way out the door. It seemed like that was his plan though. That's what kills me. Well, you sure had a very circuitous way of doing it. Well, all they had to do if they wanted to play was say, hey, guess what? We don't want your hang out around. We don't like what you do. And go find another gig and we'll come to a mutual arrangement. Fine. Fine. Well, Paxon, Salami, Sam, it's great. Thank you. I can see clearly. No problem at all. But Johnny Nash, I can see clearly now. Yeah. I'd like to dedicate that to, but from now. Oh. Okay, here we go. All these Goddard, do. I can see clearly now on a Tanioni. I can see clearly now on a Tanioni. It did be done. Oh. Oh. I. Baits could be, but. Roy. Oh, my God. Just lick up. Oh. Oh, yeah. There he is. is standing right there, Johnny, what's his name? Apple seed. Johnny Apple seed. Do you do it? Do you attend Johnny Apple seed? We have an open line in Broward, 767, 4663, 767, W. I. O. D. Here's the North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Just want to talk to you about your favorite sport. Joey Zazad, George. Just want to just think about it. But yes, what is that? Is it hockey? Yeah. Your favorite sport. Yes. Every time I try to watch it, they're always dropping the gloves and going at it. When are they going to cut the crap? Meaning what? Oh, bad phone. Bad phone. Oh, well. Guess what? Here's my suggestion for it. Don't watch it. We have an open line on the purple line. Pound ID real pussy. It do many fights. I got news for it. Compared to baseball, where they stand, they're scratching their crotch for an hour and having between every pitch. These baseball games, the season is holding like six or seven games into it. And already the average time of the game is like three and four or three and three quarters hours. How long can you sit there before you go into a coma? I mean, talk about ponderous man, freaking ponderous on and on and on and on. And all these discussions like that. White socks came. I was talking about the, the Tiger White sock came on Saturday. Must've lasted 98 hours. Just went on for an eternity. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I'll talk about whatever you want, pal. I don't want to cheat life. Still a little here. I know you don't believe in the Bible and I've always been kind of skip to go myself. Yes, but there we go. It's the Lord's work. Yeah, but, but, but, yes, you know, you would expect a book two thousand years old to have a lot of misconceptions. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. Yeah. And, but, you know, that was like about the fact that every time of early time there was a storm or was an active God. You think that to be written by primitive people who didn't understand what that was going on. In fact, then when they thought the earth was written on the back of a turtle, yeah, sitting on two elephants. Yeah. In Job, it says God is hanging the earth upon nothing. Yeah. You know, just kind of interesting. And also, uh, two thousand years before. What is it? What does that mean? In other words, you're twisting that and manipulating that to mean whatever it had you wanted to mean? Oh, look at that. Look how bright they were. Look how brilliant they were. It's just interesting that, you know, these things are said, you know, and you would hear, Michael, a lot of it says that the best thing about you moved to QAM is the fact that none of your listeners will ever have to hear. I'm not just news reader again. That's what Mike Fax is. Yes, sir. Good. What are you trying to say? Are you giving me another one of these religious pictures now? No, I'm because you're really wasting the energy path. You're pitching the wrong guy. An answer to what? An answer to what? An answer to what? An answer to what? An answer to what? Well, just try to figure out why the Bible is so consistent. You know, he's just an integral crap about stoning or disobedient kids to that. Is that sound consistent with a loving God? Well, loving God that kept on the Jews to go back and finish the job and kill off the men and women and children that they didn't kill in every tower in the Arab's work. Is that a loving God that you're talking about? I need to agree with that. But you know, 2000 years before they discovered the earth was around. No, but what? You're talking the same crap. Just pop, pop, pop, paint your bald spot, okay? Get out of here. We have an open line in date. 6229463. 6222. Like a stuck record. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. Hey, listen, just hang your head on it, okay? And the Bible, too. Oh, my God. Okay, I say that. Sorry, shouldn't I said that? That other guy will be calling back now. All of religion is called an amen. What happened to the, uh, is that on a cart? The Bible says, what does that call the book of Brandt thing? Right. Right. What? What's called right? The Bible says. Yeah. And it's in there under that. Yeah. It is not. We have two open lines in the other timelines. One triple eight, four seven, four nine, four six three. One triple eight, four seven, four. W. I. Oh, damn. It's not in there, okay? It ain't in there. Here's heaven, sure. Hello. Welcome to Bible talk, yes, sir. Let's go to a Pembroke Pine, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. That guy just wanted to know the meaning of life. Uh-huh. As in Gip one. Dad, Tom to talk to a money Python. Really? Too much I wreck idle time for that guy. You were talking about the Pepsi commercial. Those are great. Yeah. The dancing bears. Is it the Toyota commercial with the tap? Nissan. But what are those spots? What are they? I don't know. The one where it have you seen the one where the dogs. The guy takes the dogs for ride. Yeah. And they kick us out. Huh? Great commercial. Anyway, that's the new thing in TV commercials now is that the commercial has nothing in do with the product. Exactly. And you finish watching 30 or 60 seconds. And you think boy, that was pretty entertaining and amusing. But what does it have to do with, as a matter of fact, what was the product? Have you seen the Troy aching commercial? No. The corn? No. Great commercial. She's doing a spot. He's trying to get rid of his bald spine. Yeah. He's like Adam Oates. Have you seen him on with Adam Oates? Or he's sitting in the bar with a hot broad that any chill spot? Yeah. Yeah. Right. You're really fooling us Adam. The eighth man spot. He's playing like a game of pickup football. Yeah. No no, no pad. Just a bunch of people playing. Ah, he's picking it up. And this really hot looking chick tackle. Yeah. She's tackling. And after the thing, the guy's going to win us, he's thinking. And he tells the guys, okay guys, same play. Are you serious? I'm serious. Unbelievable. Thanks for the good news. Thanks for the good news. Yeah. Go ahead. As far as you're lying up, Tim really in the morning. Jasmine came midday. All right. Yeah. There we go. Same play. Open I did, Broward 767-9463-767-W-I-O-D. When this quarterback gets lonely, he likes receivers that are white. I have no right. Some people say that number eight is gay. They say troil of the big brown eye. Eight men. You go down on a sneezing man. It's guys he likes to please eight men. He loves to slap cowboys on their behind. I have no foreskin. He's got a spotless reputation. America's team is world renowned. But his troddy, I've heard some people say. In the heart of he goes down. Eight men. He goes down on his knees, eight men. I came some balls to squeeze, eight men. Don't clip him cause he likes it from behind. Well, I want to get in W I O D. His Richard Essan from Alachrom of SNS and Sustan committed lips in. Everyone knows that drinking and driving don't mix. Yet last year there were over 51,000 arrest for DUI in the state of Florida. Who gets arrested? The social drinker, who doesn't realize he's impaired? The person with an alcohol problem. What are the consequences? A conviction for DUI may result in a permanent criminal conviction on your record. Suspension of your driver's license. Skyrocketing of your insurance rates and may even result in jail time. With offices in West Palm Beach and Avintura, we deal primarily with alcohol-related traffic offenses. From Palm Beach to Key West, call us. Toll free at 1, triple eight, three zero, S&1, triple eight, three zero, S&1. That's 1,88, three zero, E, S, E, N. We are there to protect your rights. 6, 10, W, I O D. He's all in your head. Okay. See you, buddy. Every good question knows it's game to play. 5, it's time to so very hard to do. 4, 1, God. 8, lovely game. Is the Bible honest? 5, 2, 1. If you were to put it to where we do, tell people you know the way. 5, 2, 1. If I dip to your house, I will say. 8, there's a decision to weigh. 7, the Bible said, and then you burn it down. You can get somebody to believe in. 5, 2, 1. If you make the Bible say it's true. 5, 2, 1. But that or what you do, you can be good. 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, if you pick up the poison, it's snake. 7, 2, 1. If you say, weigh that all around. 7, 3, 2, 1. If you make the Bible say, find a portion's leaning. 6, the Bible said, and you did doctor down. 6, 3, 2, 1. If you take your case. 4, 3, 1. If you take your case, you did doctor down. Say, you're due to right of me, Bound, I will say, Oh, I'm the still from this So Bible says, Has to do later, I will say, I don't think you can say For Bible say, To make a sacrifice Call for any for WIOD At Paxon Inc. here where they lie a lot. We have an open line on the other town line And Brower, Rather, 767, 463, 767 WIOD at Paxon Communications Or they kind of make it up as they go along. Here is Miami, Hello. Yes sir. How are you? Great. I'm just wondering, Did you get J.C. written into the contract that you am? Oh yeah. Now I got better than that. Good job. Greg Reed is the general manager over there. He lives in Bay Harbor is it? Uh, or Bay Point? Bay Point? In what, In R.K. at G.C.C. He bought his house. Uh, So it's in the deal. I was the day I started and R.K. Moves in with me. I wanted it. That's right. I'm off of J.C.C.C. We match up better against the Rangers or the penguins. A lot of people are asking that question. Right now I don't think it makes any difference. Especially if you watch the Rangers beat Flyers last night. Yeah. I don't think it makes any difference. If we're playing like we are right now, it'll be four and out and goodbye and good luck to us. I mean, we're, You know, I just, I don't see anything happening. And I know last year we went into the tank. But I got news for you. You know, I watched that team play and I saw the dynamics that were involved there. I watched this team play up until about the day. I've been told about the end of November. And this is not the same team anymore consistently poor performance. That's right. I mean, every game in a game out. Even as matter of fact, there was one point a couple of months ago when we, I think we won four in a row. And those were four of the most mediocre wins this franchise has ever had. We just got very lucky at that point. We were starting to play poorly then. And then it went downhill from there. Do I think our last great game was it was it the Buffalo game? No, the devil's game up in New Jersey. That was a great game. We played well in the Buffalo game, but those two games in the last two, two and a half months. I mean, how many other games can you say we really played great? Right. Absolutely. Can I call a couple of you'll do space? Yes, sir. Bruce and Colby, you're great. Okay, pal. Thank you. See you. To our nights the big night we got New Jersey here, baby. We better kick some ass. Of course, you don't have to worry about scoring a lot of goals against them because they got a new deal. They just don't give up any. They just give up the same number every game. Oh, that's right. But maybe tomorrow will wake up. Maybe somebody will light a fire on gigantic forest fire under the wreck homes of the players on our Panther team. And they'll do it again. They'll shock the hell out of us. And maybe Chris Wells will have his ass sitting on the bench again tomorrow. We hope we have an open line at Broward 7679463 767 W.I. O.D. Always in that lovely. Who's that from Alan Mason? Isn't that a beautiful thing? What can that be? A nice floral arrangement there for George to take home and it was lovely wife? A beautiful thing of roses. Does that have a card on it somewhere? Thank you so much, Lisa. It's a beautiful, beautiful thing. Did I call you Lisa? Well, I call his daughter Samantha, two in her name is Sabrina. Did I call did I really do that? Leslie? I'm sorry, Lisa. I mean, the same difference. You know, women. There's a card on it. Like I said, it's a good thing I didn't call you Lisa, Leslie because you can't find this thinking card. Oh, and you know what else? Kim, you know, Kim works at that restaurant. Thank you so much. And the restaurant that we had the great food from yesterday, and I was given them a hard time and I forgot about that. And I'm thinking about myself, I was driving the last night home from dinner. And I'm thinking, boy, Kim is going to hate me like poison now, because I was given him a bunch of crap because the food didn't show up as early as we wanted. And it was well worth waiting for because it turned out to be great. And then I, then I, I don't know. I mean, she told me like, our, see, it was our earlier. We're so long before that I forgot it. You know me. Lisa, I mean, Leslie. And so I'm sorry about that. I came on. I never do it again. I'm not getting more food from them. I like that I said. So what is the message on here? What's the deal? It's from the field of flowers is the flower shop. And it's from, oh, my God, Wayne Arnold. I know kind of strange, Wayne Arnold sent me roses in it. Thanks a lot, Wayne. Huh? They're red to their red. Is it yellow? Thanks, Wayne. And Marie. Here's Boko. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Great. If you have to go, man, it leaves one other market. I'm telling you. If anybody, everybody else is there. How are you? What do you just say? Well, they've to another market. Who said I'm going to another market? No. If you, that, since you're having, you know, since you're going to leave on a 30th, launch, come to Palm Beach. Meaning, what does that mean? Come to Palm Beach, radio. For what? I don't know. You can help this market. So poor. I want to go back to work there. When I'm going right down the street here to QAM, why do I want to go to Palm Beach? Oh, so you're going to go to QAM? Yes. Well, you guys up there, better get with it, man. And Einstein's got a bad headache, too. Sorry about that, man. I'm not having caught up. Okay. Well, I appreciate the information there. There you go, pal. Have a great life. Good luck, man. Okay. Thank you, man. I'm going to wait to church with his wife always fell asleep during the sermon. It says, I'm not going to read this. This is probably something really disgusting. And sac religious. We don't want to do nothing sac religious on his show. These people really amused to hell out of me. Yeah, we're going to do this. And we're going to do that. Yeah, we're going to do that. Yeah, we haven't had a great life. Okay. Goodbye. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Going once. Going twice. You're going to get there in the background. And have a nice life. Open line of day. 629463. One of you out of town line. One triple eight, 4749, 463. And the other one is you. And the other one is you. And the other one is you. Oh, my God. Supernatural. This is the first time you've played together in the New York City. The third time we've played for 749463. Here's Carl Springs on a mobile. Hello. Hey, It's great. Just a question. When you go over to Iowa, overnight places. You go over to Cuba. You're going to have the same type of show. Yes, I am. I'm going to do bets. I'm going to know exactly the same show only. Okay. The same time. Yes, sir. Okay, I, you played a bit a long time ago. What is it? That's why it's... Do I still have it? Do I still have it? Do you have it? Yes. Could you play it? For all of you loved our Papa Bweip's for babies, Here's a new Papa Bweip, just for adults. Hey, yes, wife! You talking to me? Yeah, I'm talking to you! What do you want? An ass wife! You got one? Sure, here you go. Hey, thanks. When you're on the go, you don't always have time to wife thoroughly with toilet paper. If at all, that's when you use new ass wives. The moist outlet in the convey and pop up container. Honey, you're squirming in your chair. You didn't wipe properly to you. Well, I was so darn busy today. I just didn't have the time. Here, you need an ass wife. Whatever. Ass wife's are specially formulated to handle even the most stubborn Fico fiascos. And they're sent it to give you that fresh, just wiped feeling. Say, Belle, that ass wife you let me today was a real life-saver. I don't want it that thought. I understood it. Yeah, I was pitching that new client, and I just couldn't stop digging and scratching. In there, for that ass wife, left me clean as a whistle. And at Minty Freshfield, and gave me the confidence I needed to land the account. Ass wifes, available in your grocery's, things to wipe your butt with section. Okay, there you go. It's no request to us. They would, in that case, have an exception because it's a great bit. And we haven't heard it a long time. So there you go. We have an open line in date. 62294636222WIODWORD1242. And we're having a great time, okay? Inspired of what anybody says. And by the way, Eli, you're full of it. Then I mentioned that Eli is full of it. Hi! This is Jim. Love your show, me, all of you. Love you! All of you! Oh! I knew it's you. If you wish to wish to wish, I wish to wish, I wish, maybe you live without you. You're your life, ain't you? If you wish, I wish, I wish, you wish, if you wish, I wish, you wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish. This boy is showing how much still they've turned out It's on every day, how the charts would silver bullets maybe too Rourth! Now it's that's all you wish We're too old and look too Jewish with our bullets And our folding club thanks to Oh, it's yours Oh, it's yours, who is yours These Jewish flowers seemed to dry Though bottomcyng cake was a good day They used to wish Jewish Jewishcrowd so were as plain Jose after many years By they were okayampons living looking as west Aumer dealing with salivatedThey dressed upon the shakes as wif sessions All this way- Through many squirts I go against They're murmur now no one really must They're dragors but an Ashana All along the Haz byle I call maraviloo Eors starter Okay, to try to switch the nerves all the very very upset oldied lock out there. We're not taking it. We have an open line in day six to two nine four six three. We have one in Broward seven six seven W I O D. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yes sir. Yes congratulations on your move. I think it's a really work out. Thank you so much sir. I'm counting the milliseconds. I'm counting the moments and the crap in this joint is getting deeper. It's almost up to the ceiling now. I can hear that man old man. You can smell it a hundred miles away. I have an important question for you. And what is that sir? I used to be able to listen to you in Fort Myers, Fort Pierce and down in Key West. Yes. The single going to perform on the new station. I don't know. We had called Fort Myers. I guess it comes in a fine in the daytime. Is that right? Yeah. That's what I heard. That's a single drop as it does on I O D. Sure. Okay. Well I've got the GE Super 3 radio. You're in. And it seems to work fine. I just didn't know as far as the transmitting power. If you were going to take a drop in the power. I'm not taking a drop in. No drop in. Oh drop. Okay. We're going to talk louder and hell. Have a great day. Thanks. See you. Two open lines in day. Six two two nine four six three six two two. W I O D as they continue spreading terror and propaganda and BS. Everywhere they go. It's just unbelievable what goes on here in this joint. Speaking of joint house Pete Pold you don't haven't seen his ugly post here today. Haven't seen hide their hair at him. Didn't see Alan Mason come by here to shake our hand and say hey, nice to look to you. I guess he's busy. A peddling propaganda and how can a panic with that run and run show. Which don't know they're very fond of an or a supportive up to by the way. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. I got a thank you turn me on to hockey and also on the act inside. Yes. I bought the act in the book but my girlfriend, she kind of stole it from me. Yeah. I got a question about it. I know you're supposed to keep your carbs low and you're belting high. But how about the fatter? You're supposed to watch that? No. You're not supposed to watch it. He just much as you aren't. Well not as much as you want but you can eat plenty of fat. Don't worry about fat. This is a myth in America. Dietary fats got nothing to do with fat on your poopics. See? That's the bottom line. Forget about all the mythology about dietary fat and high cholesterol on another bull crap eat all ladle yourself. Have the butter, have the whatever you like. All right. That's all right. Eat the steak with the fat on it. Isn't that the best part always in the have an ice steak and the fat is like nice and crisp on the outside? Yeah. Oh God. Just a die for right? Basically. L ladle yourself full of it. No problem. All right. That's a good luck. That's the best part of a nice juicy steak is the fat. A thick, a thick strip of fat on the outside on the other edges and it's just like almost burnt, not burnt but like crisp and man old man of shavits will let do it up right. So throw away the the most stale moths is already will ya have yourself a nice steak for Pace on what what's the difference? Who's going to know 5,000 years from now? Who's going to know if you had a steak at Pace last time? Okay. Stop with a bubble mice. He's already stopped dovething over those candles. Okay. And then going to make any difference. The herbs are still out of their mind. It's not going to change your damn thing. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Great. Listen. I have a spy report. Okay. Holding on tight. I woke up with a with a like a with a silver. Yeah. I try to listen to something light. So you know my head just doesn't explode and I have to wash my window. Oh. I bless you. Yes. I heard 97.3. The coast. Check out whoever it is that guy in the morning and the woman in the morning. I don't listen to him. You know, in a Maria and somebody else on the coast in the morning. Yeah. Well, whoever they are. Yeah. That guy goes well then you're traffic today. It's packed up and pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. And then in sports. Well, if you can get through the Neil Rogers pictures, maybe we can talk about sports and other stuff. All right. Great. All right. So he's kind of maybe you jealous. I think he's crying that you're leaving, you know. This is my day well, they're not with us anymore. Anyway, that's the Cox people the coast. We're already gone from them. And thank you by the way to the Cox people for selling us to these people so that I could wind up getting a lot of here and going to some real people and getting some real money. And thank you very much Bob Green. Even though he had done the do with it. True. Also a Neil. Oh, sister. Yeah. Right. Tell us again. But yes, sir. You are taking George with you. Yes. Please. Well, we have to have at least one spickle with your man. Man, because, you know, we can't have half of the apple. We got to have the whole thing. You know what I mean? That's right. George said, bite this. Have a great day. Let me go. Okay, Neil, take care. I'll read it out to you. Bye bye. Ciao. We have an open line in dates. Where's all the women out there today? I don't really want to hear from them. But where the hell are they? Six, two, two. I can't believe I call Leslie Lisa. I know her name. Not that I care about it. No, she's very nice. Very nice young lady. Of course, much to do. Much made. I mean, that whole Rick and such thing. That was kind of well, I was like a substitute for a show in those days. We were going through a lot of trauma then, okay? Who the hell needs a show when you go into all that trauma? But it's great radio. Right, Ron, and that's right, sweetheart. It's great radio. It's almost as great radio as when you open it. We just come to the side of the door there. Like during the, right in the middle of the show and she, like kind of cracks did open it, looks in here and I yell back at her. Hi, hello, you're welcome. Yeah, now it pay back is a bit sweetheart. One more time. Hi, hello, you're welcome. I love it. Here's a lady in the Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Oh. Oh. A lady. You just said you don't want to hear from the women. I was just joking. I was joking. I was only joking. I know. I know. I don't believe you because we love you anyway. I just said I don't want to hear from Goi issue women as well. Jewish will now talk to you today. Oh, you're cute. Uh-huh. Well, anyway. Happy Paisauce, by the way. Don't say it's up to you. Don't buy any overpriced moths. They're killin' us. It's a Goi issue, they're killing even. Even moths that we can't get into fair price. I know. Goi, I'm just drawing us. What can we do? Eat a nice steak. Oh, I don't like, I like fish. Oh, like I said, eat a nice fish. Yeah, okay. Listen, I always am afraid that you want to hang up soon. But first of all, I want to congratulate you on your move. Thank you. And I thought you had the Miami hero. I trade off. Sometimes I take the Sun Sentinel Sun Sentinel Miami hero. That's okay. Nobody's perfect. No. That's right. Especially me. Anyway, it wasn't really a nice article. I was so excited. Yeah. Really? I was so excited and happy. Eat two. Good. I'm ecstatic. And I have one more, I like I say, I'm always thinking you're in a hurry. I am. Okay. One other thing I want to tell you that I think that I don't know if you know. Maybe do you know that family thing is being bought by Barnett? They are. That's what I heard from good source. Yes. From good source? Not source. It's the source. They're being bought by Barnett Bank? Yes. Well, I got to find out if that's true. If they aren't going to blow my brains out. Well, that's why I'm telling you could because of you. I wanted to go to family bank. And I spoke to someone. And in fact, I was afraid to stay it over the phone. I don't know. Telling me listening to me. I don't know. And maybe I shouldn't tell. But somebody from a bank. Yeah. Okay. But it wasn't somebody from family back. I don't know. I'll find out the MS. I'll get the inside story. I hope so. Okay. All right. Zygazan. Good luck. Happy Pace. Thanks. Here you see you. Bye. Bye. Don't eat no stalemases. We have two open lines in Proud. Wouldn't that be bad? That would be really bad. 767, 463. But of course, that's the way the business world goes. You know, that's just a rumor. It's a rumor which hopefully will be able to eliminate that rumor. It's not true. I pray. I hope. Just like the radio business. They're all getting gobbled up by the same bunch of, no nothings. It's a lot of things. There's a lot of things going on in this growing stations, destroying People's entertainment, destroying properties, destroying everything in their path, like a gigantic big, like big food. Just Trump just plotting on everything in front of a man. Just stopping now with those big ugly, grotesque steps and squishing everything in his path. Just extending their tentacles and testicles as far as they can, and squishing and squeezing everything that they get their glands and hands on. That's what's going on in his business now, and like, I told you a year or two ago when started this crap. This is the end as we know it. This was a disaster. This was an move of insanity by the FCC. It was Bastards up in Congress who are supposed to be concerned about the airwaves and about the public's right and the right. Give me a break. They couldn't give a crap lesson about anything now. It's like trading cards. That's all. Like a deck of baseball cards here. I'll give you an FM over here and I'll give you two stand. It's 101. I'm William Robert Milford III with news from 16 WIOD brought to you by beep permene with 20 locations to serve you. You can't come to church because you'd be trespassing. That's what the Catholic Church said today. Oh, hey, actually. They said that to all of them in this morning before mass. She has gone to mass at St. Partholomew's every day for the last 10 years. But today after her child was thrown out of school there for not attending sex education classes, the family was asked to leave said they were trespassing. St. Barth's is over at University in Miramar. There is no place to go for this family except court. Father, who you saw the video of the rescue of the boat sinking in Fort Lauderdale on Sunday. Absolutely amazing. Watch out. Vote go under the barge. People going to the rescue Coast Guard jumping in on their boat to pull people out. Those coasties deserve a medal. No Senate passing a bill that says kids up to the age of 15 had to wear a seat belt even in the back seat right now where a front seat belt or you pay a $30 fine. No, the state legislature is voted themselves a pay hike. More expensive count up to $67 a day for their 60 day sessions, which comes to a $42 a piece. Only $50 a day. Oh, yeah. Whatever. 28 hundred acres of the blades have been burned up since the fire started Sunday afternoon in Palm Beach County. Now in Broward County, waiting to get some air tankers in there. A Joe camel billboard near another California high school kids at that school got a petition up and they got it moved. Camel says it was okay where it was never placed by an ice cream billboard and the space shuttle lands right after 2 30 this afternoon. It's the shortest flight they've had in 15 years. Looks like more clouds than sunshine this afternoon. Hi of 82 partly cloudy night 71 for a low. We got 80 right now on a brand new motor roller renegade. Vaper with a full year service for only 59 99 quantities are limited. Deep for many a day and a hour 3 8 7 11 11. I'm William Robert Milford to third with news from 6 10 W. I. O. D. Here's sky spy traffic brought to you by minus of South Florida. In day County, accident for the lane blocks still working at the Golden Glades East Pal Palmetto and Northwest West second Avenue. Please still in the scene of an accident northbound 95 of the Dolphin Expressway and accident Coro Gable Southbound US one at Pasta Leon drive in Broward County, injury accident in Hollywood, northbound 95 at the Pampark Road exit Palm Beach accident free. When was the last time you checked your car's brakes suspension exhaust or air conditioning system? Get a thorough inspection and a written estimate from your minus auto systems experts. I'm Paul Pugano 610 W. I. O. D. Sky spy traffic. It will laptop starts vibrating. Sit back and enjoy it. 610 W. I. O. D. Miami Fort Lauderdale. The water to the hour. I believe we're ready now. This. Congratulations, Mr. Jackson. Here's your new baby boy. Would you prefer a paper or plastic? That's the easiest. I can wait to get your arms a more and show you your new pacifier. You're my dear sweetest baby. What a lovely way to perpetuate my therapy. I wanted it. A sweetest baby. True. You won't need a grip because all car's up close to you. Oh, I want you to open. Oh, to follow him, grow up late. You'll get all your deserving. My love will be unswerving until you reach for a team. You'll not be treated. Come on. Sit on daddy's lap. You have the game to pay with you. Daddy wants you to find the landing. One of five W. O. D. We have two open lines of both and brown at 767-9463-767 happy pace off. Here's Lake Park. Hello. Yes, sir. Good. Do you see that? Good. Do you see it? Do you see it? Do you know I have not? I have no focus. I've got a whole different format. Different day. That's what I hear now. It's somebody we had a Spirey Portiota. They got a new set. They got the coach. I think it's the old news set. The new old set because they had that before a long time ago. Yeah, but he comes out. He does a little monologue. Oh, no. No. Mark Jacobson is doing a monologue now. He's kind of... Oh my God. Geez. He comes out. He looks like he's directing planes under the aircraft carrier. That would be perfect for him, yeah. How much he moves his arms around. Maybe he likes to else sunshine. He's hot in it. Are you turning your back on the other town people? Like, you're not going to be on the audience in that area? We're not. Sure we are. They're on it. The other stations that all you're in there? Yeah. But they don't have like a total free number. So, the country do they? Well, I'm sure that if we if I jump up and down in screen, we'll have a damn toll free number around the country. How do you like that? I feel like give you whatever you want. Get on that right away, guys. Right over there right now, like by the end of the hour. I hope you don't get free up to the training early baseball games. I mean, probably. I don't want to do great water. My big game that starts at one o'clock. You know something? So if I have to leave like an hour earlier someday, oh, what a bad break. Right. It's not too bad. What a bad break. Okay. We'll survive all of us. But we'll squeak our way through. Panthers. I don't know. We need the wind is last two. Get some momentum going on. We sure need to wind the wind the wind the marina. I'll tell you that because if we don't wind the wind the marina, it makes the wind against Pittsburgh Friday, like life and death, and keep in mind that they got four games left and we've got two. And you know they're going to beat Boston and I in Pittsburgh, you just know they're going to beat the scott of the Bruins. You can spell it. We've got a jump on it. Jersey is playing the night and we get some one day. We got a jump on it. We get chance. But yeah, you know, we're at that. We've lost eight of the last nine games we played on once in night. Oh, great. Thanks. Thanks for the good news. We're a little stat. Uh, yeah. We got a lot of weird little stats. I think we need to start from a cool. Right. Well, it's now our neverman tomorrow night's tonight. Let's see if these guys have still got it. Because in the past, in the past one thing about this team, I always said up until like that tree, which I don't want to mention who. But up till that point, these guys no matter how far they were behind in the game, no matter what was going on, you always had the feeling they could come back. They never gave up. They struggled. They fought. But that chemistry just hasn't been there. That's right. I've been blowing. It's been just the opposite. We've been blowing so many leads like the one I washington on Sunday. It's just in the last minute. Last two minutes. You can't do that. 19 ties is a disaster. It's like Mario's leaving, I know it's back, but does because the way the style play is where he just gets beat up. Yeah, he hasn't liked that. And I can't blame him. And like I said, he's had, you know, he had the Hodgkins and he's got a bad back in the recurrent injury in the pain. Who'd have needs it? He's already a multi-millionaire. And he'll be just fine. I mean, you know, I'd like to see him play forever. But you got to have some common sense which he does. Yeah. I kind of like you, right? So keep in mind Friday, it'll be our last, let's we play him into playoffs. Be our last chance to see Mario here. That's right. They should be lined up 5,000 deep. One thing. Would you like to see the game opened up of it? Yes. And I think the techniques that they need to cut back and stick work to spot. But what they want they need to do is go back to the last year's off-side rule. Like you're rid of this new off-side deal, which is a pain in the ass. One of the things that frustrates the hell out of me is a guy, you know, the team is going to be at the late off-side. And a guy goes into the zone like about two inches over to Blue Line and brings the puck out. Okay. He's bringing it out, but because he touched it inside the line, they blow the whistle and oh, I just scream. I see that every game I see that and I say every time I see it, I sit there and scream and yell at carry out because it's so pond-risk that guy is bringing it out already. Okay. What difference does it make? And it's just another excuse to slow it down. And I just think the stick work is farce-hooking and cross-checking in corners and increase. Yeah. Cut back. The guys are able to reach out and hook arms and bodies with the stick and disclose the game that lot. Yeah. You're right. I see public burying these guys. You know, just have a little more open ice. And then that's another reason why I can all use knee injuries and guys like Burry by the way, are injured like 80% of the time. Yep. Yep. He didn't see his knees that many years ago. Did. No, he didn't. Right. Yeah. See you Friday. Okay. We have an open line in Brower at 7679463. Also didn't see all these concussions back then and they weren't they had no helmets. They were playing without a helmet and didn't see anywhere near as many concussions because there's too much crap going on. Two open lines on the out of town lines, 1 triple 84749463188474WOD and Palm Beach on the audio net and anybody else that wants it, we pay for it. They pay for it. Here's Holly Wood. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just want to let you know that all the guys calling the Barnett banks, fine family bank. Yeah. Right. Work there. They're merged with a little company and left Palm Beach. They're not being sold for anything, buying them. They used to be Barnett bank. You bought family bank a long time ago then they rid on or went out and started the new bank to family bank. Oh, thank God. Yeah. Thank God. I didn't know what she's talking about. Thank you so much. All right. All right. All right. Oh, thank the Lord for that. Sorry, Matt. Sorry. We had that you know, on there. Spreading well, she said that she was a pretty sure wasn't true, but why don't I tell you not to pray to rumor and get everybody where that's called Jewish you know psychosis. Why not? Something to worry about my mother will like that. We have two open lines in Broward 7679463 to on the Palm Beach and out of town lines. One Triple 84749463. So have no fear. Family bank is still here. Oh, thank the Lord. Thank God. Can't take the Lord's name. Oh, why the hell not? Who's it? Where is that written? Who said that? Who made that up? Moishi. Moishi who pooped or a lube and God isn't his name. This is title anyway. That's why they call started calling him God. How about Yeshua? Because in tight. By the way, Yeshua and Yusuke just thought I may for the first time in my life the connection there between Yeshua and Yusuke. Oh, I'm getting it. Here is a Hollywood. Hello. Hello, we will follow you all the way to the queue. Did you see Hartford and Buffalo last night those Pima two open lines in Broward 7679463 7677 WIOD. Here's Miami. Hello. Okay, sir. I'm the goddess. You should listen to your way back. I used to live across your from K18. K18, right. I'm being road. Hey, man. I'm happy for you. You're not getting the Hollywood station. Yeah, out of this joint. Everybody will be following you. Yeah. My question is what's up with facts? And I mean, this guy going crazy. Who's good? He's ruining this another another radio station. Yeah. Locally they did the she look when they did the planet look at that piece of crap. What's up with this guy? He's one of these weirdos is waiting for the ship to come and pick him up. Could be. I mean, it's I'm not so sure he's serious though. Yeah. Did I'm saying I'm going to be a way, Neil. I belison you. Too many yellow pudding pops. I think I've been listening to you for a long time and we will all continue to listen to you no matter where you go. Thanks, pal. Take care. I'll read it here. Gee. Oh, and now we're down to a precious three. We got 48 minutes and 10 seconds to go. Not that I'm counting with all of us. I'm starting a little bit nervous because they've been smoking here today. They've been smoking. They've been forming it them out. They've counted six to two. WiodD. We got no put line there. Broward County. We got a pair of 767, 4663 Palm Beach Waivenbother. Yeah, I have to laugh about that thing about the 800 line for Palm Beach and the the all I mean, what what difference is it make? We never get any calls in there anyway. Like maybe three a day on a audio net, the worldwide like that's a big deal. Forget it. We had a call from Tokyo once upon a time like 85 years ago. And we had calls from New York and from Tampa and then a bunch of boring places and then we had Wal-Tham Mas today, which was fine. But that was it. It's not a big deal. I mean, how the hell does it? First of all, most people don't even know how to download this stuff under. They don't know from the audio net. They don't how to get to live audio. They really don't. I was read about that yesterday. But it's easy even. No, it's easy. But that's beside the point, whether it's easier or not. Most people don't even know that it's there. Number one. Much less how to do it. Number two, if they knew that it was there and they knew there was something there that they might want to hear or check out, that would be like another thing. But not everybody is like Rick Riley sitting around doodle with their computer 20 hours a day, complaining that they got no time to do everything else. I'm sure he's not. I'm sure he's not. Doodle with it. Not that he's a grandpa. We have two open lines in Broward 7779, 463767, WIOD, where it's 1113 on a great Tuesday. Beautiful roses from Wayne Arnold and Murray over there at Wayne Arnold is a royal castle. Thank you so much guys. Crystal's going to love those nice red roses, man. George gets more flowers and actually he's open up a flower shop. He's putting him in a gigantic freezer. He's going to like have his own flower shop here pretty soon. An old time, over. Leave a tape, power a shoe. Leave a tape, power a shoe. Thanks to the state of California, he Bonix has become an official language, but on the East Coast in Brooklyn, Heizanix is ruling the street. You guys check out the BAM BINOS on that broad and get a lot of her pulplus. English translation, I really enjoy her company. So last night, I banged the hell out of this chicken, this real classy joint. English translation, I made love to her in the back of my camera. Yeah, yeah. I'm the main tenants director. We're all the youth hang out. English translation, I'm a janitor at the elementary school. If you'd like to get your copy of hooked on pizonix, just stuff some money in a plain brown envelope and shove it under the back door of mario's over on the west side and will be in time. So anyway, it's 118 in WIOD. We have two open lines in Broward, 767-463-767-WIOD. Here's Miami on what on three. Hello. Hi, Ian. Yes, sir. Hey, what's the secret wine to? How big are you pardon? What's the secret wine to? What station? Yeah. Next on. Looking, you're taking George with you. Yes, we're going to the next on. Good. And you're taking our mom Jennifer on, so? Yeah, Jennifer's going too. She's going to be a guest. Yeah, my mom would be good. Yeah, my mom. You know, this is our sixth time as a winter cropping, huh? Hey, it's going right in the old top line. Correct. Yeah. You guys are crazy, mom. Yeah, they are, mom. All right. Okay, Sam. See in your cab, mom, we have an open line in day 629-463-2 at Broward 767-463-767-WIOD. Two on a yout of timelines, yout of an headlines, the Palm Beach lines, those lines that we better demo have any other place to go into that other guy, even though they never ring. And one triple eight four seven four nine four six three, but he's right. It does take up about a third of the show, given the number out because it's nice and long. And the number two one eight eight eight four seven four WIOD, you can milk that thing to let cows come up. It's still not going to happen. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. First payment is a 25. Hello, back up. Hello. You're a payment. Hello. Yeah, I'm in that. I'm in the house. You don't believe this? No, I don't. No, one, two, everything. This is great. I know. Holy, oh, maybe they'll see some under. I'm a plant and I'll show you for fun. It didn't. Or sense it. Yeah. Yeah. Hello. Hello. Happy to YOD. Hello. The blue me mocha. No, no, no, no, but you should get a bit to the... What is it, your mama? Everything, they're not there for a year. So, I can go on to one. Hello. Hello. Pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup. Hello. I'm a spix. Two open lines a day. It's 6229463622WOD. We have an open line at Broward. 7679463. Two on the out of town lines. And that's what we have to contend with here. Is people like that. Goiam. They wouldn't know Stale Mosa. If you stuck 45 pounds of it in there, they still wouldn't recognize it. Even if it was from the circle you ranch. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, how are you? Great. Listen, I love your show. I've been listening to Phil Henry. I miss him. Yeah. I'm a diabetic. You're retired from the New York City Fire Department. Yeah. I had to trick my way into the New York City Fire Department. I would never have gotten a job if I told him I was a diabetic. Yes. I felt seven stories from my back both my legs. Tom Arotated Conf and I was in the hospital. And no one knows a diabetic and I was getting glucose into Venus. Nice. Great. Sounds like the bases of a great lawsuit to me. Yeah. Oh, it was. Yeah. It was good. But I love the show and I got to fly over to QAM. And thank you so much. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Okay. We got two calls left at the board. We got 40 minutes to go. So I guess basically what a ball's down to. What is that? No. 6227671 AAA. Do you know numbers? Come on now. But I'm sorry. Joey Zaza. Come on Joey. You can't say. Tuna. Come on Joey. That's what I'm sorry. We've reached Khaled. Do. Definitely do. Oh, come on. Low in there. I can't deal with it. 6222WildD and date. We got a pair there. We got Broward sitting there. White opener is 767. On the day of our daughter's wedding. We got $45 million worth. Our free advertising can remind me, he heard it. And he's back through. Still don't give a crap. They're still dead as a door nail. Especially the women. They're just lying there like in the Pro-Param position. Here's Kendall on a mobile. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? OK, sir. I got a good leader in call. I have a spy report about Phil Hendry. Yes. I was listening to WINZ yesterday. Yeah. And they, I don't know if you heard the silly story. I can't believe it was even news. But Billy the Marlins head blew up. Yes. His head is missing, right? Yeah. Anyways, they had a spokesman for the Marlins on WINZ. Are you sure? Yeah. We had a theory where it is, where the head is. And the theory is that all of a sudden the spokesman comes on to Margaret that harbor and that's sitting. They moved on to another story. Isn't that you ripping off Phil's material now? Are you sure? Positive. That was news. Yeah. But also, I thought that story was great. But I was almost whole for you. My own girlfriend's filaments just smashed the back of my car about three minutes ago, but I still, I get driving just so I... Oh, right. That's a loyal collar man. Thank you so much. All right. So we're asked. Or whatever part you like. We have an open line on the EPPOLIN, their Pound IOD. So I and Z is ripping off Phil Henry's material now, huh? Great. Here's a mobile and adventurer, hello. Yeah. The operative question is, is if you're going down the dial allegedly, what do you do with all that fat hand criteria? Can you still use it? Why not? Well, I mean... No, wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. What do you mean allegedly? What does that mean? Allegedly. What is that? Why are you arguing then? Yes. Okay. Why is it alleged? It was in a paper on Friday. It was in a news I talked about it Friday on a year. I talked about it yesterday. I talked about it today for four hours. No. And it's in the paper all over the whole Harald. You can wipe your bird cage with it. It's all over the place. Yes. I've been out of the loop. Sounds to me, like you've been talking to too many Paxon people who are in denial. Yes, I believe in man September 30th will be my last day working for this company under any circumstances. No matter anything, there is nothing in a world like a keep me here one moment longer than absolutely contractually necessary. Now anything in the world except for not not all the money, not anything. Would keep me working for these people. Except a favor that a band leader couldn't even receive. Maybe I could be accused that. Hey, listen, I've the doubt of the loop. My greatest apologies. That's okay. What are you going to do? What does stuff on it? If you ripped them so much, are they going to sit there? And I mean, one thing in another station, but to be down to all from fat and anchor, is that going to be? Is it going to be one? It can be handle it, or is it can be handle it or? I can handle it. Just like Michael said, I'll handle it. Have a great day, pal. Good luck. I'll read the dirty. Oh, here's your go. Oh, yeah, it's going to be really okay. Whatever you say. Ciao, ciao. Whatever you say. Get out of here. Open line of date, six, two, two, W-W-I-O-D. One of the out of townlines, one triple eight, four, seven, four. They're all experts. You do understand that. Oh, it's going to be this and it's going to be that. Hey, great. Whatever you think. Whatever you think it's going to be, that's what it's going to like Doris Day said. Q-Serie, whatever it tells you said. Now what you said Q, something something to begin with, the Q, I think she was talking about rock Hudson again. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Don't kneel. See? Thank you for taking my call. Come on, style. My band. I want to give you a godfather update. See? I was at the theater in the honor of the 63th street. See? That bill. And believe it or not, the majority of the people there were young. Really, thank God for that. Exactly. There were two old facts that were sitting behind me though. And there's one of them had a hearing aid that was so huge. It had an LED readout on the side of the side of the... I love it. And she says, right when Pauli gets it. No, Pauli gets it. She says, the sound of a baby killed his father. It's not in law. How loud, you know. And yeah, I don't see, I don't see. You don't tell K. I tell you what, man. It was the only thing. You know, everybody's complaining. I just want to hold back there. That's why I got to love going into movies with the old farts in there when they started talking out loud. It's great. Just in case you can't understand a dialogue. Have no fear. They'll be yapping it out no time at all. I was going to slap her some of my life for a month. I was going to slap her for a month. I was going to call her in Pepperoni, man. Exactly. But anyway, it was a fantastic movie. My best friend took me under the guys that later on. He had their surprise party set up for me. Yeah. I want to call him a douchebag. Okay. Jose. Anaxial Amaziria. Hey, I love whatever the hell I'm doing. It's okay. Listen, you know, poker Brian should make a song. I will follow him. He'll guard. Not bad. I think it would be great. Okay. We love you. Ciao. Hey, Bill Byron. Patzen. We'll guard. There he goes. Talking about those goddamn Italians again. We have an open line in date. 622. So like I said, I had this dire rear for an hour and a half. Oh, anyway, we don't want to go back out of that again. Or was it just dire rear of the mouth? Anyway, 126 to W. I.O.D. The Bible. If you like the book, you'll love the board game. Introducing Go to Hell from Milton Bradley. The board game that tests your faith in God. Well, challenging your knowledge of biblical quotes. Okay. Okay, everybody ready? Yeah, go ahead. All right, first question. The meek's on heret's the blank. Sidewear. Mail pattern ball did. The earth. The meek's on heret's the earth. Right. You move ahead by space. Yeah. You weather guys to go to hell. Go to hell. The exciting game where you win by forming a deep personal relationship with God before the time runs out. Okay. On the seventh day, God did what? A golf. You went to one of those all you can eat, branch places. Mommy just put it around. Wrong. All of you go to hell. It was a good book. But now it's a great game. Go to hell. The biblical board game from Milton Bradley. 132 a WOD. We have an open line of day six to two. We have one in Broward. 767, 9463. How come he didn't put anything on next to that thing? George. Well, because he just called it. I thought I would save the time since we were here. It would save the time for what? I mean typing. Oh. Yes, Dan. I want a heck of a way to get rid of me from your show. Dump it all my cars. What'd you and George do that for? What? Oh, my, all my bits are they gone? Oh, what bits? You know, the Don Johnson stuff. Of course not. They're not gone. Oh, I thought, Lori was listening to you. And she was under the impression they were all like in cyberspace. No, they're not. Oh, you don't think I would throw those out, do you? Well, I thought somebody else was responsible for that. No, no, we were allowed to actually Roy actually let us save about 200 carts here. And yours I can assure you if I could find him, which I can't. But they're around. I don't think it only took I need there to why I'm just tiny. They're around and I took us two months to go through that project because the passion people don't like carts. They like other stuff that cost a lot more money and looks impressive, but doesn't work. Oh, you mean putting them in a computer and all that, John? No, not the computer. We got the computer putting them in the whatever they got, which doesn't work. Congratulations. Thank you, Stan. I guess you don't need my two grand now. No, I guess I don't. Except it is a gift of the day of my daughter's wedding. Ha ha ha ha ha. I think you're going to end up doing some baseball games. That's what I think. I don't think so. Well, you should. You're better at what they got on. Well, that's uh, I mean a lot of people don't remember what a great great. That's all in the past, Dan. It's all in the past. No, it is. It's all in the distant past. I told you buddy Craig the other day that was one reason you were going up over there. Well, you're wrong. You want to set up there in the press box and do a couple of many. You're wrong. I'll bet you do. But you don't. How much you want to bet? I think it works. My wild and a guaranteed. Over a high zing is bald hit, right? Hey, they love me, man. This Barry Jackson. This guy must be doing doggy upwards or something. He's out of his mind. Well, now wait a minute. You haven't heard the latest rumor going around. And what is that? Stan Major today in IOD. Yeah. What is it? What is it? That's it. It's going to buy QAM. Yeah, right. You bet you better call a norm back and get a extra pair of Don't hold your breath. Don't hold your breath. I think it'll happen. I will. Good luck to you, man. OK. Thanks, Stan. Bye-bye. Where's my money? We have two open lines in Broward. 767, 4663, 767Wild. Just keep. You know, I'm now that he said that. I'm starting to get worried because I'm looking. I don't see the damn cards. Oh my god, could we? And we didn't put him in here. Did we? We wouldn't do that because they would make him like two permanent. We wouldn't do that. Oh, hey. It's still the month of May. From 26, I guess you say what can make me feel that way. Stan, major. We have a flash. We have a major bulletin, OK? I'm going to tell you if this happens, I will. I promise you, I will pee on the front lawn of this building. If this comes to fruition, I mean, I know these people are dumb. Believe me, I know that. But can they be that dumb? We just have a very, very strong rumor that the Paxon people are, practically attempting to contact my replacement who, if they have their way, might be. I am that him right. Oh my god. Oh my god. Yes! OK, let's go to a Hollywood, hello. Was that the real Stan major? That was the real Stan major, how do you like that? You know, you're watching the flyer Ranger game on. Was got my real two grand. What is it? Yes, I did. I saw quite a bit of it. I was pretty good. Very entertaining. Very amazing. The way the Rangers came back there and kept pounding. And, and hex still was just losing it. Do you see the way he lost it? Oh, man. He lost it. He's out of control. Yeah. He can't stay in the crease for anything. He lost it. Hey, I just got, you know, go back to hockey a little bit. We're, we're, I think we say we're foreign out if we got, I mean, look at the Rangers, they were clicking last. Yeah. I mean, they got on fire, man. All of a sudden, it's like a light bulb, if I can say they went off over to her head, they said, like, oh, oh, we better get with it. Times run it out. And, but I'm being, they just went nuts. And we're smoking. What, what is that going to happen to us? What is somebody going to light a fire out of these guys? As and say, hey, times run it out. We only got two games left here. We better than, well, when at least one of them, and you better get with it. You better turn it up a few notches here and stop going to this coma thing of yours. I failed, man. So what's the story with this? We lose the next two games. Okay. What would, let's say, let's say this. The penguins have four games left. So after the penguins beat Boston and I would say, well, they'll be one point behind us. New York will be only one point behind us. 6. How? We could drop to 6 if we, if we lose both games. And then who will we play them a three? Then we play a three. That's right. Which would be, let's see, it would be, uh, fill an alpha. Probably. What'd that be, ugly? How about that cheap shot, linders did after the game? I loved it. You guys go on Eric. Yes, because it was all Samuel's and I always love it no matter who it was. But I think retaliation is going to be Thursday night. I don't think so. I don't think so. And I kind of mess with Eric. I don't like that guy. I mean, I do. You do? You wouldn't take it. But you wouldn't take it on our team. You wouldn't take Eric. I wouldn't take it on our team. I mean, I know he's no Chris Wells. Oh, no. Of course you know Chris Wells, come on. Hey, nobody, what I'm saying is he's too good of a player to resort. Let me say it again, pal. The great players, the overwhelming majority, Grady Howell, Maurice Rechart, the great players were dirty players. Don't ever forget it. I don't know what to agree. But I mean, right there, I mean, the game was over. You need to do that. I mean, granted it was over. I loved it. Nice going. Listen, for a guy that's taken more cheap shots than people in anybody else. Who wears a visor by the way, who wears a visor, all feet there, nobody deserves it more than he did. Nice going, Eric. Like I said, what thing we need? We need to Brian Leach. That guy is awesome. Yeah. You got to admit that. Where were we getting that? Where were we getting Brian Leach? You're saying he is Leach. Why would you want Brian Leach when you got Eddie? Eddie. There's no, there are 180 degrees apart. Exactly. I mean, he is just watching that guy skating stuff and how about that goal? You said, I mean, oh, anyway, Brian Leach, God. Okay. I hope you have a great life together. We have two of all the, all the other lines open. Since Stan called, they ran like a battle now. Just a joke, Stan. Yeah, where's that five? Where's all our stuff? Now I'm beginning to realize just exactly what Roy did to us here. Man, he killed us. He butted us to this cart business. Right from the beginning, we, we, we, our ass is weren't even warm in a seat in this building yet. Which thanked to George and Wayne. We finally got the stuff over here because nobody else was getting involved in it. Either the past program director or the president, interim one or the future one. Nobody was involved in it. So we finally got this place put back together. Roy's given all these ultimatums because everybody here is a big shot. Everybody's a big shot. That's right. Thought the eye in a shot. And so about like 90% of our carts are vambles that we'll never see him again. Okay, we have a Broward lines open as in all 20 of them at 767-463. 767-Wiodi. The guy with the eye should be dancing because it's key. Maybe Neil is out. Joey is in. All right. Here is a candle. Hello. Candle. Yeah, deal. Yes, sir. I don't know. Okay. You know something? I know a lot. Yeah. What is it? What is it? Huh? What is it? What'd it be? I thought I'd love your show, man. Great. Okay. I agree. Thank you. Okay, we have an open line in day at 622. Broward County. We're still waiting on Broward. One, two, three. I mean, Dva. Well, how are you said? Adine. How do you say two in the Hebrew? Dva? No, you don't say. You don't say. Boy, I forgot my Hebrew. That's better. I'm going to burn in hell now. I'm going to burn in hell. He forgot his Hebrew. Broward, who had not really hovered rock, bubble mice, etc. I can't remember. Adine Dva. Dva. Dva. It's V. I inspired. Dva. Well, my Yiddish, I know. Let's stick to the Yiddish, okay? Forget the Hebrew only. The real from people over there speak that. The people with a sense of humor. They speak of the Yiddish. Broward County, 767-9463, you're last call for lunch on Tuesday. And that's it. Otherwise, Joey's going to be here tomorrow. If you don't call it in the next 30 seconds in Broward, Joey will be here tomorrow doing a show. You can go to the bank on it. Family bank, by the way. Here's a lady in Longkhi. Hello. Boy, that got him spoken. He has a man. Where are you from? Michigan. Where are boats? I don't know that. That must be way up there, huh? Oh, that's over by Detroit. Right. Oh, I thought white likes sounded like one of those UP kind of places. My orchard lake. I know that. That's kind of like west of the city. Uh huh. Kind of like out there by Northfield and Farmington and frame you whatever the y'all ones are. Right. I was just calm. What you know that I love your show. I love to try to see that he's gone. Oh, yeah. He slipped away. Like Clarence Carter. He just slipped away. I was just wondering, I know you love Jackie and I was wondering what you thought of it. I came against Detroit and Colorado. What did I think of it? Yeah. It was a what? Once in a lifetime experience and I loved what Darren McCarty did to Claude Lemieux. I thought he was should get a medal for it. Okay. Great. So did I. Everybody. Congratulations. There are nice job, pal. Use Bubebud. Okay. Thanks. Have a great day. Bye. Bye. Okay. See you at Northfield down. See you. Hazel Park. He's a park is open now. And of course, I'm a casting in Pompano, which I just mentioned. This is not a spot to mention for one of our fine spots is. And then when Kevin Wallace leaves us in a couple of weeks and goes back to Detroit, you'll at least be able to plunge your brains out all summer long on Kevin because we'll be final casting. Hazel Park every night. All right. Kevin Wallace in Brad Cramer. God, that's all I can see up there in Michigan. They're doing it. If you haven't heard Brooke Daniels lately, here's what you missed. Although if you can't work out with us, you can work in the Bill of Packs and Compound. Oh, the compound. Yeah, the compound. It's just like the Kennedy compound. A lot of people dropping their pants and playing touch football on the ground. All right. You listen to any pants dropping going on a bit at the Eisenhower belt? No, I know there is. This pants dropping going on in this bill. When he's talking about not for us to see, but we've heard rumour. Brooke Daniels, weeknight on 610, WIO-D. 610, WIO-D, back to Don't worry. It's just a little gas. Good. We have a way where you can tell your face fat. You can. A-Z-F-F. He has no way to talk religion because he is a baguette and he is not representative of our thinking. They boyle Mr. License there. What's the problem, Officer? Go Lil fast. Won't you? Say. What's in the bag seat? Nothing. Crack rock. Sitting in his back seat. I said, crack rock. You can sell on the street. You can smoke it. And you'll catch a good buzz. Just don't get pulled over by the fuzz kick-up. Singing with a big band. He's a kick-up. His next kick in his hand. He got busted. With three pounds of dope, so bent over and pick up the soap. The parties over now with J-A-L. You got busted and it's J-A-L. I like it. You were once a big star then you made the big switch. And J-L. You're just both a fizz. The party's over now with J-A-L. You got busted and it's J-A-L. You're better than I am. Even the competition agrees. The Neil Rogers show on WZTA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale in the Bomb beaches is the best morning show in South Florida. I think I didn't get the nice here on an AM station as a hero in my truck. You're like stay timeless to quiet. You got no problem with me. Even the other morning shows listen to the Neil Rogers show on Zeta Fort. Happy beating the winning. You're better than I am. 148 at Wild Joey. We love you, Pally. When you're coming. Here's a mobile in Orlando. Hello. Happy Tuesday, New York. And back to you. I just wanted to let you know up until a few minutes ago. I was flipping back and forward just checking the signal and I was getting you pretty clear. But 2AM was just a hair better. So you will have something to look forward to. Just a hair better. How was it a curly one or a straight one? It was red curly one. Oh, look on. How did this shop be? Yeah. So basically that's all I was calling about and enclosing. I'm an Italian goi from Arkansas and I'm even dead to you all. All right. Ciao. Ciao. We'd be seeing you. We got two open lines on the out of town lines. You will not get on the air. I make no mistake about that. But God, what'd it be nice to write your diary? And of course it's not very intimidating. Knowing that you won't get on. But at least you can say I held on. I held it. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Hello. If not, men. Yes, sir. How are you? Good. Pass. I'm going to try to get a. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not trying to try. I hear you need to know when you're trying to say two. A Dean. You need to get a sure in Hebrew in Hebrew. I don't know how to say it in the English. I would hope so. How do you count in in Hebrew in Hebrew? You're just number two. A Dean is one. How is two? Stein. Stein. And aside is one. What's a Dean? Oh, that's I'm doing Russian now. I'm sorry. That's Russian. I got so many languages that it's right. I'm sorry about that. You were right, George. There was a in there. How do you like that? There always is a. Yeah. It's got to be. It's really Jewish. There's a in there because of all the dairy. That's true. That's why the Jews pronounce it like that because they eat too much dairy, too many blinces. It's true with the cream. Right. Anyway, please. You need me to go further or only up to two. What was two? Stein. Stein. Stein. Oh, I like to sound of that. I like Einstein's vibe, which sounds very German to be also by the way, which it is. He's even. Uh-huh. Oh, no, do a, et cetera. Anyway, speaking of the language. I'll see you on the time of the scene. I do it. I do it. I do it. Speaking of languages. Yes. I don't know if you speak Japanese at all. No, I do not. But to say you to count the 10 in Japanese, you say, Ishni son, Shigorak, Nana Hachikyu, Jew. And cute. So, 10 is Jew. How do you say 11? Jew is pretty interesting. Okay. Anyway, obviously, one in head and Zagazan. Anyway, I'll be in there on Monday, the 21st with your Schmrmacha. Okay. I'm a friend. I can pay off to Hano and Shimoli and Mazzletov on your move down the dial. Okay. Thank you so much. Okay. See you. Wow. He is so Jewish, man. He's just dripping from every poor of his body. We have an open line at Broward 767. You can't get any more Jewish than that. I'll tell you that right now. The right nobody in the world more Jewish than that go at Guy. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Neil, I love you. And why are you leaving in the show? This is the first time caller. And I want to ask you a question. Where can I find the truck to buy your CDs? I love, I want to send something up north. Where? North. Yeah. Can you tell me where the truck is and how I can purchase the CDs? George will direct you to the truck. Okay. Oh, you're talking about the the rolling radio store. Right. Oh, I see. You're the one. Right. Well, let me take a look. As a matter of fact, it just so happens that they are let's see. There's the eighth. Where are you? I'm a hundred and three cents by the new and Kendall drive. Oh, you're way down. You don't want to go up to Carl Springs. George will tell you number to call where you can get them there. Okay. How's that? That's fine. Okay. Hang on sweetheart. Bye bye. Line two. Tell what? Hello. Roll tape, baby. Where no one else can understand you? Where? Where and everything you do is wrong. He gives you gas and cost a patient. He makes you want to smoke a bomb and he's always there to lend him and drag your name through mud. Why is the wonder? The wonder of mud. Well, thank you. That was lovely. Lovely. Just for you. I want to see you. Thank you so much. And by the way, I don't have any money for you. Stan's got it. By the way, go see him. Hey, yeah. Did you happen to read the article? I don't know if it was in your paper down there, but when the cable bill got passed last week. Yeah. And about to champagne. Oh, yeah. The champagne. Oh, yeah. Yeah. We hit some live tape on it. I don't even know. Oh, they're cut it out. But oh, another one. There he goes. Come on. Put it down. There's still celebrating up there. Yeah. Did you get the quote, though? About what about the most curious thing about the Easter about Easter came when Jesus said that like that? Yeah, well, don't get cross about it. Okay. You might want to see his has risen and so is our stock. How do you like that? Huh? Right, though. Yeah, exactly. You might want to remind bud that as it says in the Bible, it's easier for a camel to get head from a beetle than Okay, I'll be sure past that along. Ever great day. You're out of material. Get out of here. It's killing me. God Head from a beetle. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. My cell. I wish you good luck on W 2. I am. What is it? Good luck. Oh, thank you so much. Thank you. Okay. I don't know. He had like a 40 pounds of something here. Maybe he's eating his moths as early. Okay. Stock up right now, man. In fact, by a whole bunches year because next year they're really gonna soak you. So if they'll be a little stale who cares. Here's plantation. Hello. That was E.J. How do you like that? What a man. Veronica wasn't either one that last day on I.n. Z. He called in and also rose soldier, people. Who was the people? Was the PD when you left Zeta right now he took over as the PD and you're leaving I.o. Well, it's no coincidence. I guarantee you that. It's no coincidence, man. He wants to put it on his resume. He wants to put it on his resume. Have a great day, pal. Okay, so sensitive that bulgeer is so sensitive, so uptight. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil, how you doing? Yes, sir. Listen, how they're gonna bring down Joey Reynolds if he's up there with David Gravy line doing network on W O R. William, it would David Gravy line. Well, we're not doing a show, but they're on the bill. We weren't at work in New York. Well, what does David Gravy line have to do with that? Well, I just brought him in there because he's a friendly name. But my question is how you can understand. So where's David Gravy line? Yeah, you know what? What are we hoping? He's gonna be coming down here on another station. Who's that? David Gravy line. He'll be making a return pretty soon. But when we see, when he's buying his way back on here, you always know you've reached the pinnacle of the business when you have to buy time to get your way back on here. Right, right. I don't know the specifics, but Joey Reynolds, now really, seriously, they bring in a back home. They lock all the equipment up real tight. What is it? Are they gonna bring him back? Joey starts next Monday. Next Monday. Yeah. They're gonna do pipe this WFTL 6 a.m. to 6 a.m. 24 hours a day. A new format all Joey all day. I've got Vic Vic's size of this. You want to preview? There you go. I have a great life. Okay, and now I sneeze. Okay, here's a Madison Wisconsin. I can't believe this. Hello, Neil. Pete Bulger's home time. They're coming over to Ruth probably a setup call. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes. I'm retired attorney. I was permits to the second street shool in the early 30s. Oh, hey. I'm a congratulations to him. I'm a key largo. Now I'm retired down there. Yes, sir. I come up here on business. I brought shorts with me. No long pants. It was too below zero this morning. And I'm telling you I can't wait to get home. Well, congratulations, sir. Good move. Yeah. And long time listener. Just wanted to let you know. Okay. Soon as I can. Okay, hurry back. For fast over. Okay. Happy pace off. Okay. Wow. There was an excellent call. Totally that audio net line. That's what puts me over the top. Here's North Miami Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. I am. Arenne coloni. Mister, done.Call theoni. Call all