caution adult the link was at work 16 WIOD Miami Ford Lonerdale 6th WIOD presents the Neil Rogers show to talk with the O call 622 WIOD in date 767 WIOD in Broward Mobile 1 and 18 Team Wireless Customers can call toll free at pound IOD and now not only across the nation and Canada to call toll free at 1 888-474-WIOD and now the Neil Rogers show it's Friday you passed it really from minor arthritis pain try new ultra strength gay ban are you the pharmacist yes i need something from my shoulder it really hurts i have just the thing take up your shirt i'll rub it in i don't know with all these people look i have to show you how to use it don't i well okay they have a little on your shoulder and stare at me like this okay how does that feel pretty good your muscles are so high yeah i want to try and keep it straight you just hard all over excuse me are you feeling high yet and not really i know i am really feeling a lot better now it's a deep penetrating heat i think i'll just be on my way do you like hot things that penetrate deep uh i know i do new ultra strength gay ban relieves aches and stiffness in some causes aches and stiffness in others okay here we go boys your old 1003 at WIOD as we're back to uh remember back in the middle of october when nothing in your work we're back to that again on freaking believable i got all kinds of great stuff here for you man we're ready to rock and roll ready to uh kick some ass we got remember we got generate we got some heavy duty stuff and i put it all on here and i'm sitting here talking to fat boy and everything is working great and all of a sudden it just dies oh exactly like that only a little bit louder oh my god how is it possible how is it possible that we got this direct in here okay here it is six months later and nobody still knows how this stupid garbage is supposed to work but hey don't get worked up about that how about those patters uh yeah two bad we can't play that stuff right at the moment this is absolutely i but what do i say what do you do at this point you just put the microphone down and walk out which sounds like a good idea to me well he planned that you're right that's why put all that stuff on tape that's why i said here putting it all on that many days because it's a conspiracy baby absolutely unbelievable this stuff sitting here it's already to go and all of a sudden well it just decided to die it just decided to take a crap right here and just before we go on the year because this is packs it broadcasting baby where we got all this fancy shmansy stuff but nobody knows how to make it work oh my god now we're back to that again that looks very nice i like that windows 95 so anyway we'll get to that stuff eventually hey listen what's the point i'm here i'm prepared i'm ready to rock and roll baby i'm ready to do this stuff but just like for the last several months nothing in here this is a joke this is a major league joke anyway just calm down what do you get worked up about what the other why should i care you know i'm saying why should i care other than i'm the one it gets to made like the asshole and i've always said in the past if i'm good a look like an asshole i'd like to be the one it makes myself look like an asshole and i have somebody else do it for me you know i'm saying are you following me so far great how about that joddy how last night the unsung hero what a job of penalty killing what a game what to go about joddy man once in a while they get them out of the lineup but once he gets back in there it takes forever to get him back out again because he just does a job unsung hero b's her phenomenal it nothing needs to be said how about that hit by Lindsey on the great one on gritsky put him in la la land Wayne was whining over there like oh where have i gone i've walking around and circles over here what am i gonna do now somebody actually touched me he didn't just touch me flattened his needle nose that's it was great what a night what a great night i told you the final score three nothing did i well five four three nothing same difference told you we'd win that's what counts they they're all they're uh they've had it we got their number and that makes seven times we played them during the season and a playoff now four wins one tied uh one loss and two with ties one loss and seven tries we got their number you got it that's uh let's see what disc is that that's no that's number three let's see if that one where how it's working feverishly over here he's working he's on his hands his knees and he's doing cartwheels to try to get this crap to work he's making it an offer it can't refuse wild hello hello yes sir can't hear you yeah can you hear me right just barely oh boy so seriously we think dolphins are gonna take the third round tomorrow wild hello yes hello yes hi how about those cancers yes ma'am oh my god it was out of the game is incredible incredible the passing everything was just great right on last night yeah and i wanted to tell you something um fox and i next to them all coast the godfather's playing there oh you know then i saw that in the paper i was gonna mention that you were way ahead of me right okay so evidently what this what's happening is that they're moving it around from one part of town to another and they have like exclusive engagements in one theater here and then one over there oh hey how it's hitting himself and i had i know i know how it's banging himself and had with a ball peed panorow here he got this one machine working and now what we put the diskinator that we want to play and it just died because this is packs and communications baby we don't like carts they're obsolete forget about those carts anyway you were saying i'm sorry that they can very worked up an emotional air because i'm trying to do a frequent radio show with stuff that don't work what is it there's only a couple um theaters that are really good that play the good shows anymore yeah movies so well i fox summarized the median age in air is usually 140 though oh i know i know i went last week to see the substance of fire which is also an awesome film to see a blue hair in there oh my god the theater was tagged in your i am 20 years old it here every what there oh yeah i was pretty incredible but let's go panthers it's looking great i don't want to alter my predictions but i think i said panthers in six i'd say five now rangers look old and they look ready to be head and now they look they look like they couldn't keep up with us at all yeah we're looking bad especially in the third but okay so this i'll talk to you later have a great day you too bye bye i'm gonna try okay wait a minute let me have this real quick as it says no dis wait a minute one moment please we're doing a little experiment here trade down okay willest thing download we're sitting here we're praying we're doing a brocha ready air of a pays off air written mozza by the fistful just try to see it's not going to work you can see that already it's just not doing anything it just does not want to download it doesn't want or freaking download this one particular disc i'll play it off the uh cassette forget about it let's forget about it okay let's just blow these things up i'm not did one of those mini discs no more okay they suck they blow like most of the equipment is joined they're like a joke they're a joke of course right things they look really good and they are they're impressive and they look really heavy duty but the only problem is they don't work here's Miami hello yes sir i think max sabotage the place ride doubted hi doubt they weren't any better when he was here yeah yeah what about that sooner with realist is let one of you never want to take in everyone's ass yeah everything everybody contrary to what my good friend uh on a post game show on that's cat calls my good friend uh what's his name Randy molar said last night he said oh everybody on his team you couldn't find one guy played bet he's right with one exception but of course Randy would never say it and that was eddy eddy eddy eddy stuck that joined out last night he was a liability in fact one on one shift alone three times inside his own blue line he coughed it up and was just desperate all night long but other than eddy everybody was great last night this team this is the way we did it last year with a team performance and how about struck i looking pretty good first game back after all at layoff of the agroyne struck a look pretty was flying last night that's right well what can i tell you who don't know them don't have a great day pal okay okay let's just forget that somebody doing the break i'll cue that thing up on the uh cassette which is gonna sound really bad and gonna be not all that good but it's the best i can do okay under impossible circumstances here and the best part of the thing is it was all set up ready to go and i take a look over here and hey offline it just changes it's mine we got computers in here that have a mind of their own anybody out there got that we got computers that have a mind of their own and they just did a lairani do whatever they want i see broke by the way he's taken off a couple of days for a pace off how do you like that she's all of a sudden a professional joist one day a good day a pace on all right my score and sweetheart that's the way to do it even the glam take over on a jewish holiday so why to hell not here's highly on a uh mobile hello hey new all the gone okay like your equipment uh Denise sucks yeah we know that yeah it's a last piece uh let me ask you something um the clease is the blue area right yes well yesterday on the near my goal he says for the reviewing this because uh uh the pockets to be in the crease before the player bop-a-p-a so they show the replay and the pockets didn't even go in the crease and he's going down it is the pocket inside the crease and the admirer gets it in what would be the pocket in going to crease how to get in the net from behind well no no it's uh from above i'm out from underneath it never went into blue area hold on how to get in the net no before neither mind or hit it yeah so he thinks well no why don't want to waste my I mean it's a great day we had a great win forget about him he's he's lost okay he needs a compass in a road map he's not getting any better i'm sorry about him he has the he adds nothing to the telecast he has no idea what he's talking about and just because somebody played the game twenty years ago don't mean he should be on air hockey and trying to pop pop pop pop but that's all he does talk to your friends in the NHL get him up in the New York i'm more working on it words were saying prayers right now at paisa who are going to eat extra mottse to get his ass out of here okay you'll happy paisa and back to you happy pass over to wall okay i'm gonna pass over i'm gonna say a brocha right here for this damn machine i have never seen anything like this in my life it's just all of your your working your uh freaking brains of and speaking are freaking by the way so as usual there are a lot of people came by and said hello last night which is always nice because at the hockey games is like where the good people are and in between the first and second period i believe very nice lady comes down and uh she tells me that she was a guest in somebody skybox up up top and she came down to look to see where i sat uh to say hello and she was with her 10 year old daughter so anyway she gets an the elevator to come downstairs from the skyboxes and there's three guys in there in suits and they're talking and talking and talking obviously based on what they're talking about they're with paksan so she tells me as she could have just made this story up but i have to i don't think anybody's that creative and she said oh by the way you're with paksan they said yes she said uh i want to go down say hi to nia where it is niel said and one guy she says named mark six foot three a chair wasn't mark offman unless he's grown a chair wasn't mark human unless he's grown and he shouldn't have the ball to do this so the guy says f nia rogers how do you like that and she's standing there with a 10 year old daughter so she says excuse me he says f nia rogers she says all i want to do is go say hello and f nia rogers a third time okay remember the scene godfather three where he's talking to um what's his name Michael Coralion is talking to a Vincent and what the hell was his name the joys azah and Michael uh Vincent tells Michael let the joys go around town saying f Michael Coralion and Michael Coralion says what do we do if this is true and if someone really is going around town saying f Michael Coralion what do we do with a piece of like that remember that what do we do with a piece of shot like that so if somebody named mark who works in the paksan hierarchy or is related or somehow involved in his corporate uh boom dog if someone is going around saying f nia rogers what do we do about him but i'm being is what i say what kind of crap is that so that should give you real good idea of the class involved in the uh the whole ambiance of the operation here f nia rogers we used to love macros when he got the big numbers and when he brought in all that money but now that he's bailing out like everybody else has f nia rogers okay well guess what f u two what are my favorite rock groups f u two not ten fourteen at w i d we get these highlights on if i have to stand on my head into it i got panthers i got the ricketer retwinia savers i realized he's no one did his pot fan but that's six ten w i o t in New Jersey she ain't partial as what for yلمенным contraction the shot of that. It's a great game. The shot of that. It's a great game. The shot of that is twenty one nineteen. Live virtue of their previous power. Blake Panthers. I've been a 39 remaining in there. Messier. It was in the drop of Kurt Muller. He's from the back. Come on. Murphy for Staley. Brown in front of record. It's a lot of score. This was Basil Nuke. The ball goes well. Now with a sporter. Need a bar. Catch back. Three of the buyers, three of the four in a... Is the good old lady gay? Robby D. D. D. D. D. D. Four of the buyers, who is bringing a six-page player? Four of the sprites, is first playoff goals. I'm a year at it's three nothing. Four of the hunters. Down across the line, they storm the trees like fumblebees. They travel like a burning flame. We see them fly at the fucking side. We're one more night. We're on the fourth. Four is going to set up. The answer is in both of us. What do you get it out? You're keeping it in. You're a chance. This is the fucking black-and-white-cutter. We're ready to quickly discover it up. Over today, day. And here's where it is. Four, seven. Down all the lines. All the same. Two shows. Two shows. Yes, dinner. What's wrong? Go! Shot here. The football takes the lead. Two children on the board together. Come up with a bucket. Suddenly, other Russians. Wilson tried to get through. Wilson feeding it out of center-rise. May. Got it over there. He's got a bucket. And two. Dayway, one, one! Fire! Head up,Marginal! I think we have almost four. Clusting it. 1,2,3. Sm horrible, fizzy如何. That's not good. of a hockey stick and a one-day panic string. Oh, the fuck is in. The whole team wins the good old hockey game. Okay. That's enough that Hoki saw getting with it. It's filled in the breach there. Well, I'm telling you this is so frustrating. Try to do it. It's like trying to build a rocket ship with bricks and mortar. You know what I'm saying? It's just a little bit on the difficult side. But hey, we'll get to you on one way or the other. And spider this crap. And poor Howard, at least Howard is working feverishly to try to figure out what this is all about. And he has no clue and either to why he needs his anybody else. And either to his George needs it, it's max. And max is gone anyway. Okay, let's so get through it. Let's rock and roll here. Baby, let's have a big party in our pants. We have an open line on the mobile one purple line. Pound IOD. We have two and Howard. 767 Wild. We have two on the other town lines. The Palm Beach lines. One triple eight. You know, and also one oh six last night. Hey, even section one oh six. So it was on their best behavior. Thanks to the fact that that jackass that little immature pup, pup squeak from Ohio was sitting like someplace else. Why upstairs on the other side? Great. Pack your salami sandwich. Waved in between periods. Just stay up there. It was my high-o was a pleasure. 106 was in a ward when in section last night. Nice going guys. It was great. What a night. What a performance all the way around. First period pretty shaky. I would say not too great. Not really play off hockey. And then all of a sudden these guys just woke up. And it was just like last year all over again. Could it be happening again? Could it possibly be? Could it be he said? Ha ha ha ha. I'm just going to sit here and cry for four hours today. I'm going to sit here and just break down and cry like a child because this place is a joke. Here's pepper pines. Hello. What's up Neil? Yes sir. I can't believe you're saying you have open lines. What's wrong with these athletes? I should have sat down here this morning every line. Of course it wasn't very helpful. I did have a lot of calls on here. But it wasn't helpful at the equipment is all a post heat up. And I couldn't start doing what I wanted to start the show. But hey, I'm doing the best I can. But hey. These lines should be smoking. That's right. Hey, this is Miami. And I'm going to tell you something. I started to mention this a second ago. I'm in home from the game. I'll pump up. It was great. And so here's Scott calls after the game, right? Here's the rat guy who came over to see me before the game. It doesn't get the message that I think he's an asshole. Okay. The rat guy. He's the first caller with his self-aggrandizement. Then we get this Debbie who calls after every game. Then there was Lou on a mobile who wasn't there. And that was basically it. It's the same three or four people call after every game. And that's very, very sad. Very sad. Did you happen to flip over to six ten? I heard a little bit of that. Yes. People you would like to bitch slap. Oh yeah, that's all she kept talking was about bitch slapping. I figured you were wanting to bitch slap her if you listen to it. That's fucking bitch. That's all she talked about. Exactly. Bitch slap and this one and bitch slap and that one. And that's it. Is that thing in here by the way, George? We have that. Oh, thank God. What's it under? Sabel. Okay. But anyway. Anyways. He was he was playing. Everybody played great. Except like I said, Eddie, Eddie was scary. It was a grotesque and really an impediment. But other than that, it was great. In fact, in one asshole collar calls and says to Randy, how come we didn't have Eddie under a kilo and off penalties more? And speaking of killing off penalties, I'm going to tell you something. When they had the five bomb three when Lindsay and I'm going to tell you there was a fan and roughing penalty to Robbie. Fraser called one of the you know, Colin Campbell's complaining about bad referee, but he's right. But he doesn't understand how bad it was. It wasn't bad because they got so many penalties. It was bad because Fraser didn't call half of the ones that were going on. But Kirk Mutter got tackled twice in the crease in front of a Richter, no call. I mean, Carrie Fraser was too busy getting his hair back on shape. Yeah. Did you happen to? But as I started to say before, I interrupted myself. That penalty killing on at five bomb three and then the rest of the four minute, the double minor Lindsey. That was so phenomenal, man. He got one shot on a five on three and a minute, forty five, one shot. It was unbelievable and Jody and Warren and everybody they were great. That was and Murphy. He into the game right there. Yep. We stuck into him and we showed him that they didn't have a prayer. They didn't have a Chinaman's chance and after Lindsey, while up to Needle knows there, the rest of the game he was like the invisible man. Never saw him again. He didn't do anything right. And either did Messier either, by the way. Did you happen to see the highlights from any of the other games when you got home? Well, I just got through a plane, your buffalo. Did you see the Martin Bruder go? No, I read about that. Martin Bruder scored the empty net goal from shot at down the ice at the end. That's Martin Bruder, baby. It was beautiful. He's something. He's around it and he just flipped it up over everybody's head. Yeah. One time and went right into the middle. And what did I tell you about Philadelphia Pittsburgh, by the way, everybody's saying, oh, heckstall. I guess what, heckstall didn't play Garst Snow played and played very well, haven't I? And it was five nothing. And then Yager got a goal late. Then we'll five one. But Philadelphia is going to blow them out for a straight Pittsburgh. He's got no defense. I feel bad for Mario, but they got nothing going. Pittsburgh. They did. Yeah. They won't. They're done. I was burning the batteries up in my remote going back and forth in the current. They're in the commercials. Yep. Anyway, that's it. I'm out of material. Good luck to us, pal. Sunday at two. We're going to kick our ass again. Well, what's your four to one? Take it to the bank. I just had an inspiration. Take it right to the bank. You got it, baby. Okay. Bye. See you. Open line and Broward 7679463 to in Palm Beach and on the out of townlines. One triple eights, 4749463, one 8888474Wild. Next time, double Lio D, Miami's first warfare experiment. The next time, you feel a little crazy because you wait too much. Don't forget to pet those days, ma'am. I feel sick to my stomach. You're taking some of this. God, what is that? Fepto days, ma'am. Oh, gross. It's that achy pink color. What's the matter with it? Let's make my stomach flint. But it'll make you feel better. So thick and glute. And this little call, your stomach. I'll say that. But here try some. It's pleasant. Puppet. Yeah. Overpower it. Get away from me. It's making me feel. Oh. Oh. How do you feel now? I feel a lot better. Thanks, honey. Hey, don't think me. Thank gross. I keep being thick. Good. This pet is about. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That's no dismal. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Met is in so disgusting. You don't even have to take it to feel better. That's pretty run to WIOD. Happy Friday to you. And we hope you're having a wonderful day. Cause we sure aren't here, man. It's just a technical nightmare. Stuff is all over the place. Hey, but we're used to it. We've had six months of intensive training for this day. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, no, how you doing? I, I, great. Good. Hopefully, uh, I think it would be better for you down the road as far as technically speaking. Yeah. You would think with all the money to pack. And as it be able to pull a little more money into the air. No, no, no. It's not a question of putting more money into it. It's a question of putting stuff in here that we wanted. But of course, when we moved over here, he was the expert and didn't bother talking to wasn't a matter of what it was. We wanted he knew better. Okay. To put a bunch of very fancy, very expensive looking stuff. It's not a shortage of money. It's a question of being stupid. See, there's a big difference. You can spend all the money in the world. But if it doesn't work right or the people don't know how to make it work. And it doesn't do what you need it to do. That's just a waste of money. And that's one thing they know how to do very well here is flush it down the toilet and the money too. Yeah, that's true. Right. Well, good luck down the dial and go Panthers. Okay. Thank you. That was great. Okay. And open line in date. 6221 and Broward 7671 and mobile one purple line. Like the guy said, how is this possible this morning? After last night. After this incredible euphoric experience. And I come in here to equipment that doesn't work in an audience that's still that is a door now. And I'm going to be honest with you. If a word for the towels last night. If it weren't for the towels, that for a playoff game. That crowd was a little bit lacking. You know what I'm saying? It was enthusiastic, but not like playoff. But nothing like last year in a playoff. So I'm going to tell you that right now. And if we wouldn't have had the towels go and to make it look different, it would have been just like your ordinary Rangers Panthers game with the exception. Of course, that thank God for this season with the games all being sold out. You notice how few Ranger fans that were in there because they can't get the tickets. Thank the Lord. Hallelujah. It's enough to make you get religion. They can't get the tickets. So unlike the first three years, when every time we played the Rangers during the regular season, we'd be more than 100% of the people in the crowd who were in those ugly Rangers uniforms. Last night there were just a smattering and scattering of Ranger red, white and blue and there, and mostly black and blue by the end of the game. And what a shame that is. Too bad. You can't get in. And quite frankly, you probably wouldn't want to be there anyway. Here's a mobile and plantation. Hello. Yes, sir. I went to my first hockey game last night. Yes. And it was amazing. It was great. Don't you carry away Howard that ain't working. That's a wrong disc. Yes. Yes. As your first game, you sure picked a great night. Yeah. I got a free ticket last night from my friend and I jumped on it. Yeah. And the, uh, and the, uh, and uh, yeah, and we got to get rid of Eddie, trade him for somebody. She's late now. Trade him for a bench warrant. Too late now. The word is out. By the way, how'd you like Chris Wells performance last night? He was impressive. He was great. I loved him. He's not the best he played all year. Sitting up on the, uh, and this. Yeah. He must have been way up there on a high wire. Instead of, uh, Stanley's he panther. Exactly. Anyway, yeah. I had a great idea for the rat guy by the way. You know that asshole that runs around with the rat outfit. Uh, I think what we ought to do is since he wants to be Stanley See rat is have him, uh, you know, the beginning of the game during the season. How Stanley see comes down at high wire from way up above. Let's have him come down there before the game on Sunday. I think that it worked. And if it just happens to snap as he gets about halfway down, it wouldn't that be a shame. Anyway, yeah. Get the San Boni out there, clean it up. I'm going to say that. I have so much to talk to you. I love it. And you're doing any request today or whatever. What do you want, pal? It's all request Friday. Okay. The Dave Game. Okay. You got it. Have a great day. And, uh, we'll see you. Open line of day at 6-2-2-1 and Broward 7-6-7. Palm Beach and the rest of the world. They don't care. All of both open. One triple eight four seven four nine four six three. On believable. See, it's also great. And one of these days will find somebody knows how to download the, uh, the stuff off the disk in there too, the, uh, here it is six months later. Oh, yeah, we get your print out of all the stuff while anybody know how to do that. No, but, uh, see, so they bought a lot of very fancy looking stuff like I said, but nobody even a people who invented it, who manufactured it. They don't know how to make it work. So how do I always supposed to use it? But hey, don't ask a lot of tough questions because this is packs and broadcasting man. Here's, uh, I'll email you the answers. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I was, I guess what you would call listen to the game last night. Yes. After you played those, uh, the calls from the Buffalo, I suppose, radio and out there. Oh, that's a TV and I'll switch to your red. Chris Moore is the worst. You're a, wait, wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. You're comparing Chris Moore to Rick Jenner. I'm saying after I heard the call that you just played, it made me so and sense. Yeah. I was stuck at work last night. I had to listen to it on the radio. And it was just the worst. They wouldn't let Chris Moore into Rochester to do the Amherk's games in the AHA. That's how we can use. Oh, see, he thinks that just by Bumbling and Fumbling around to in the game. And then when we score a goal, screaming hysterically and yelling that that's play by play hockey. Unfortunately, that's what the Christopher things and it's very sad. You have to describe the action. You have to make the game exciting. You have to build up the excitement. You can't just be mumbling. And then all of a sudden starts screaming in coherently because we score to go, that's not how your broadcast is sporting event. But hey, what am I who might talk him? You know, all we heard about last night is how Randy Moller scared a heights up on the catwalk. That was all we heard about. We didn't hear nothing about it. I understand we see rat is scared to heights. Let's fight out Sunday. Okay, I hope so. Anyway, go Panthers. Okay, pal. Thanks for the news. Sorry. You had to be subjected to that. Two open lines in day six, two, two, nine, four, six, three. It's all request Friday. We're going to have a bonfire in the backyard by the way, Charlie. You like to go in. Take a couple of the mini-biz players. Some of the other equipment. If you want to see fat, I can do this. Where it's at, to me. See way, 500 pounds. See the pile of rub, to me. To me, high for tried drives and plantings. To me. He's a travel with the rich. He's twice a size of fat rich. They've gained. And with all of that dirt he really takes the earth. They've gained. Fad is fat and just that in the name. Do you think? This is Diana Borga. We're taking you out with special reports on Dave Gain. All you could eat for days. Are they advertised? They? Thank you, Diana. We're here at the local Schusler. Kind of gun undercover. Ah, Dave. Undercover? That's right. Unrecover. I'm approaching the all you can eat salad bar for seven times. Sir, don't you think you had enough? I thought this was a buffet. Yeah. But, you have nothing. You want to see you. Learn to see traction news, Dave Gain. Yeah, he's can't be quiet. He's even bigger than Jeff Haar's Dave Gain. Good, looking proud. He's so hot with no sauce. Dave Gain. Okay, that's it. You've eaten almost every day. Where are you running here? Let's go. I've done. I haven't done this. I'm my daughter. I'll call her. Sir, John. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. She loves you. 1038 and WID. He's a legend. He's a monster in the 53 inch TV business. We have two open lines in day six, two, two. WID. Palm Beach, Yout of Townlines. Forget it. Don't waste your time, Anne. Oh, and guess what? It's Era Pace. What are you getting all excited about? Just relax. I forgot about that. It's Passover coming up this weekend. They're all out there. And the way to Schloymes to get the free monsters and the Gaphilta fish. Forget it. Relax. Even the Goiamar Eaton monsters this year. Here's Hialia. Hello. Yes, sir. I just found out too fast to allow us. Okay. Great. Go. Give him a big kiss for us. All the day lines are open. 6, 2, 2, 9, 4, 6, 3. 6, 2, all the day lines are open. Is there anybody from the Ranger organization? Is there anybody connected with the NHL? Is there anybody including Dave Hyde? Is there anybody connected with sports in general or just the real world? I mean, I realized Tiger Woods was not in the game last night. Okay, which is probably why we're not getting the kind of response you'd expect to hear. Tiger Woods did not play in the game. In fact, there was no black guys in the game last night at all. So obviously, why would we want to talk about that? Jackie Robinson did not play. Bill Cosby Norris dead son. They didn't play. Tiger Woods didn't play. Jesse Jackson didn't play. So what's the point of talking about it? Okay. And addition of which we got the big draft this weekend, which this time, we're driving down here last night. We're driving out of the game. There's Kim by Saw Kim, but by the way, in front of the arena last night, go in and how you doing? Vote, camper, you're okay in my book. And give a big wave and he got all excited. And I just kept walking because, you know, I'm not on that station yet. It's put it in any rate. So he was in there and he's talking to course. He's outside the arena. It's before the start of the playoffs. The first call I hear is, well, you think the dolphins are going to run. Oh Jesus. Talk about freaking one dimensional. Just the middle of April for a crisis. It's the middle of freaking April. And some jackasses worried about are the dolphins going to trade a guy with a large, whatever it is. You know what I'm saying? I mean, what are we talking about over here? Not of course, that Kim would have any answers about hockey, but at least he was put on a good act anyway. But I mean, what are we talking about over here? Talk about one dimensional. We got the rat guy on there in that Debbie. I'm going to beat that brother. I'm going to beat the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, James Madison Thompson Stooch tries . All right, let's run first. I'm just trying to sort them down and embrace what are I actually now. Theining Princess Anticone, do you know why we want we're holding on with capture because he just has mailing interest when I've got all of the Survival ox, got to approach Tom Lee actually But it's a kind of what you could do because he's just done way he's gonna come, fall in our head here, we do have a really good idea. Hopefully he can, any might have this called him. Like we could hear them all ahead. Lauren trailer is on the running pursuit here. Now you see he's going to play already there. I'm going to call you now. I'm nervous but it is available. Many people have just moved my wife and my granddaughter's got a new conversation on a little bit. Want him she has. You sound like you're from New York to me. You sound like you're from New York to me Smaller ticket this year yeah, and the mood is a quality of the the fans in the point where I'm They were right last night. They happened you see if you say it often enough you're gonna be right They were right last night carry phrase it was brutal So if you keep saying it sooner later you're gonna be right Yeah, but you're right. There's a lot of people in there. You're right. I see your point You're right the people who really understand the game the people who want to go there and have a good time They can't get tickets and a lot of those people are right there. They're clueless. You're right I'm taking ball and trying to steal a ticket. I can't get it. Yeah, but and that's yeah That's why the The of exclusivity it's not there wasn't there wasn't there last night not like last year nothing like it at all What is it? It was flowing in my house young and screaming. I just wish I could have been there so bad. You don't need to okay Knock off somebody outside the arena Sunday. We'll see you there Okay, grab their ticket. We have an open line in day six two two. What's in the box by the way? Is that Brad Pitt said? We don't know we got a box in there, which maybe it's a new some new equipment Maybe it's a new a many disc player Boy, I can't but if that particular disc by the way if that one distruct I think it's a comedy plot that one I got more great stuff on that thing which I'll never ever have again There's Adam with a big smile on his pussy was there last night He was there he said all right those Rangers really suck and boy do I hate them? Do I hate them? And I'm gonna tell you there was a one man standing ovation when Billy Lindsay nailed Gretzky in the corner there the formerly great one when he nailed him. I got up and said yes I was screaming my guts out because ran early in the game We were standing around watching him watching him watching me at that one shot the first period Beezer made a tremendous save when they were out shooting the stand to one Tremendous save by the beezer a bullet shot because he could wind up like our can because there was nobody near him We were standing around full strength no power play for New York at that point or standing around watching the great one. Okay, and Like I've told you before all you got to do is nail his weasely as one time just nail him one time And he walks around holding his head. Oh, I got ahead. Somebody touched me. He's not used to that. Okay. He can't handle it. He's a pussy. He's up pussy is what he is So Lindsay decked him in a second period there and from that point on a rest of the game Nobody called his number. He was as useless as a dead man. He was worse than Tim Horton laying out dead on a blue line there In fact, Tim Horton would have been more effective at least he would bring the donuts 1044 at Wild. Do you think we're gonna want to make that worker one? No The disk is shot. Oh my god. Did you hear that George the disk is shot? Somebody shot the disk Probably a packs and plot no doubt anyway 1044 at Wild. Well, you know what they say F Neorodges That's what they say right here. We got to find out from somebody on the inside whom Mark might be 63 corporate asshole or maybe part of the family. I just checked the The list yeah, boy list of extensions and they're only two marks and who are they? Mark you and Mark Hoffman. Well, I think they're two shrippy guys I mean Mark Hoffman does say F Neorodges, but that's out in the hallway here. He wasn't in O'Hockey And Mark you know, he don't have the balls to say that even in private even under his breath he wouldn't say that 610 Wiot It's Friday We're restaurating Anything I want to do under consultant woman and I'm gonna be consultant to you I'm giving that phone on a craft show and a formula That's got the boy up. I've got the power to mold in control We're on our half a way to get your own show Adestations out in Hollywood and I don't care You're reading the law just as long as you can stroke me good I'm understand by baby and you'll do anything or what you do I'm your consultant woman Spare your legs and I desire you I'm gonna boon ya It's on your head so I don't slide down to real job That's why I'm like insulting cuz I'm just an ass 151 a w i o d on a really neat Friday nothing in here works anymore So if you saw it sounds more technically inept and stopping the newsual my deepest apologies Not from me, but on behalf of this in a operation here, man It's beautiful here's a Davy hello Dr. Rodu yeah, hey Neil what's up listen um, but I can't hear these colors George I'm on a bad table can you hear me? Yeah, okay. Let's talk a couple of things Do you have your bark bag ready? Do I have my one your bark bag ready? Yeah, okay, here we go. I'm gonna seven eleven yesterday in plantation and they're restocking the magazine Get two shows up on the cover of GQ Take a while while gets right not well close. It's our tiger mania. Oh no, oh my god You alright Next look for the movie next look for the book and now You heard do any listen up then of a heavy on us episode of Ellen he'll be coming out Which I want him to go back in listen A couple things I asked you um, seriously. I'm curious if you're there in a fish or language like Hebrew or is it like a slang? It's a it's a You know, dial hybrid. It's a dial. It's a hybrid. It's not really wouldn't be considered an official language It's a dialect now. It's not a dialect. It's a hybrid I mean if you were to Israel if you start talking I mean if it's not official language, right? No, okay He brews the official language. It's right Right, okay, and also they still say Cox the voice when they see the herbs. They know how to deal with them I don't think Cox again, please listen I'm not thinking I want to ask you to up everybody listening to the sound of my voice Tell your homes that more over the best game park I have a poker pull me over about two weeks ago and guess what he gave me a ticket for what is that sir and improper display of life Great Now I'm curious must be the safest place in town That's that officer I mean I was caused with the window of the flat right yeah, it's even easier to see That an awful lot of problems man. It's good. It'll keep you out of the streets keep you busy Yeah, I say officer why don't you give a ticket to these assholes using self or a bigger threat to traffic There may have money license tag that are sticking straight up. I mean it's just unfricanable Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, go weekend, okay. Okay go watch out your mouth disgusting I had one in my mouth once we have two open lines in the out of town lines one triple eight four seven four nine four six three One eight eight eight four seven four nine four six three palm beach and the rest of the universe the audio net people The out of town lines this town is smoking it's on fire. It's not it should be it damn well should be I'm gonna play that song All right Which reminds me by the way you notice rumors got this new deal, which I would have played that But I was so distracted because that I played off the cassette because I'm any disc good It died and you're equivalent here's all fallen a bird's oyska brochen as they see in a some language Pig Latin oyska brochen But at any rate so he's doing is all right, but what is that all about it's a Jeff managed junior Boy, oh boys, he a bunch of not for what I mean He ain't no rich in a red book and I tell you here is a Hollywood hello Good morning, how you doing great. I don't mean to put a damper on your parade But one game does not a series make all give me a break Oh, I'm right now so in other words we can't celebrate is that what you tell me now? Absolutely absolutely But I want you do it one game at a time man. That's the way we do it one game at a time I'm a seller, Brayton. Nobody's gonna pee on my parade all right, but listen you promise that if Sunday goes the opposite way You play the rangers goals and you keep them going on On a week your your orchestrating the show now. No, I'm not I'm playing rangers goals on this show I want fair you must be hallucinating. No, there is no fairness on this show This is a one-sided show. This is a panther show when it comes to hockey Listen, like I said it's a maple leaf show or is there? I'll tell you one thing maple leaf didn't lose no games And you know who was it the game last night? A leaf cliff flutter. Oh no scouting. I saw it. No scouting. He's hanging out. He's trying to hide He's trying to get out of town from Toronto. They're gonna bushwack him up there Cliff flutter. I saw him with his young wife up there last night before the game or his girlfriend whoever was and I'm gonna tell you I was I was restraining myself from just screaming at him. Thanks for ruining my team U.S. Hold nothing Cliff flutter. They let him in your ring because his son works for the team for nothing Listen, nobody's talked on it this morning. What I had to switch over and watch the Pitsburg flyer game. Well, what what now? Why would you waste your time with that? I can't blow Can't listen those two muppets do that do the show anymore. It's pathetic. Who's that? Who are the two muppets? You mean doing the panther game? You got it. Oh my god, and you're gonna Stunk yeah, I'm gonna bring him in there this morning. Are you? Who? Remer who said he's coming in here? I thought you said earlier you got it. But he not in first of all you give me instructions on how to do the show Then you're telling me that Remer can't come in here. Please don't do that. That's a good point. All right, don't do it. Remer is Remer's booch and I'll be did a good job last night What was wrong with those three gold calls? They were fine. He did a good job Yes, he did what game did you watch this really early in the morning or the three I didn't watch the game because I was there But the calls on the three goals were fine. They were excellent. Oh, God. Okay, what was wrong with him? Why is that I mean he's no Chris more I understand I'd rather bring Danny Pidani Gallivan back and just well Danny Come in back you're living in a pool. This is the same guy we had on here yesterday All call man do thing get out of here go away. It's like talking to the ratman and at the Debbie brought again go away the same three or four people go away Let's cancel the rest of the playoff's discount doesn't deserve this team. They know nothing about it Open line in date six two two one and Broward 767 you know what I say F Michael Corleone. That's what I say And a passion people to F them Don't get weird on us. It's only radio 610 W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale. Okay, we have the answer to our mystery didn't take very long We got a spy report from the other building the Paxon headquarters building down there in North Aid Bud Paxon's son-in-law is very tall and his name is Mark and was it the game less than in fact Someone I want much into what was earlier this morning suggested that's what probably was who was going around Here's a very nice list of the reverse with her 10 year old daughter in the elevator and this asshole is saying F Neorodgers huh George or Me of whoever this you can tell you a safe fat A If he has no white talk religion because he is a Baguette and Nothing makes you feel more like a woman than the romantic sensation of silky lingerie that touch of satin as you slip on a pair of thong back the keenies A soft stretch guard who built with stockings or a black lazy Oh my goodness, I've never felt so womanly Victus secret the catalog for cross dressers. I haven't been this excited since Alex Trebex said put your hands on your buzzers Victor secret nothing makes you feel more like a woman Oh really 1103 a W I did well you're no one to put it in there We have an open line in day at 629 4636 to 2Wild one on the out of town line 1 triple 847 49463 1 8888474 Wild mark butt packs in Sunnila is the one that's going around I'm wonder how that goes over with the family huh San F Neorodgers to people what you don't even know who he's talking to which he might have been somebody very important Which he was because she was one of our listeners. How do you like that? Here's Hollywood. Hello yes, good morning. Yes, sir. Buenos dias to you and likewise I think maybe Harold Ballard deserves a little bit of credit for the team's demise There are a lot of ballads been dead for a 500 years already. How what are you talking about? Well, I'm just saying you know you Blink with lecture. I'm glad you're built it up for two great years We went to the final four two years in a row with an abreth of the Stanley Cup finals and you're telling me that Harold Ballard's Responsible for distance assembly of the team and you're rid of Andrew Chuck and Gilmore and I'm not disagreeing with you in the way of Ellen and Todd Gil and Everybody and Silvana LaFave. What are you talking about sir? You don't know your maple leave? Well, the fact who took a leaf of your senses? Well, I am in fact Mr. Ballard. I think had the team and the dumps for quite a bit But that's a lot that's ancient history. We're not all you guys that want to live in the past get into the at least 20th century All right, let me get into the 20th century Let's let you destroy the team he killed him. Okay He killed him while all those janitors were busy while lasting little boys He was busy disassembling the team looking the other way. Okay, I'm going cliff you asshole. You white here jackass Okay, I hate cliff clutches So what are you talking about? Well, it was just an aside I would I really wanted to get down to the meat of the matter. Let's go The one it was great this town these people should be moist. They should be peeing in their Man's right now, and it's the same old crap with his crowd God, what's wrong with these people? What does it take you have to light a fire under their ass? Well, I don't know and again, I we didn't just destroy him. We wreck them I wonder where some people too are coming from when they say that One of the other collars in the post game show it remarked on what a great came Joe and Oscar play Yeah, right and how come he was not their killer of penalties What a I'm telling you what thing if they to put a mouth there on a fire on the five on three It would have been a five on two immediately with him out there He's killing us. He's steeped around in circles. He got I don't even want to talk about him He makes me very very angry very angry What I wanted to bring up though on the on the converse is guys like ret one or there's a there's a player man There's a player what a game he play what a game spail a plate and Murphy everybody on a team right down to his For starpin law vendor and everybody and struck a man was flying last night He was smoking up an army ice for some reason and less a guy gets into the scoring column He doesn't get a star for the game. Well how many stars can you give we could add 10 stars in that game last night I honestly think these are in spaila and jodie and Lindsey and who else everybody deserved a star in that game last night I guess what I'm saying is a carbon law They never give emphasis to the defense of effort. We don't care about the stars. Okay. That's uh, you know That's for the people on scat calls argue about wow. Who is the first that who cares about that I don't care about that. I don't care about that neither today Whatever this ain't no hockey night in Canada. Okay. Where does didn't win in the games? It's a team effort. There should be one star and that's for the whole team Take your right up well I was hoping they'd pull one off here We don't want to you know we'd like to get New Jersey out of their nice and early Things about it would be nice to get rid of Jersey, but on the other hand I can't bring myself to ever reach for the hat. Oh, yeah Yeah, like I said let's be rid of New Jersey. You couldn't happen though Okay, Sam Pollock is just a local to Harold Ballard you better check it out this guy Wait back at him. I don't want to talk to people that want to live in a past okay Oh Johnny, barred just came in. How you doing Johnny nice save last night. Oh, yeah, I'm playing no more Here's Terry Sochuk just came in. He don't look too good him and Ronnie Stewart just had a little bit of a brawl in the hallway Come on get with a 20th century. That's the two kind of so-called fans you got in the town guys like this guy Who remember stuff from 40 years ago, which nobody cares about and then the other guys like the rat guy who thinks he knows something and is one Dimensional because he's into himself. He's got no life and he wants to make himself into a big star This guy's a doctor by the way this rat guy this wine stiger is he's a doctor When you're like to have it be your doctor Dressed up in a rat outfit with schmutz all over his pussy Pupa Pupa oh my god Somebody should have stepped on that poop up before it hatched Here's the lady in Margate. Hello You know, yes, man. I'm calling again from Margate. We're a woman that called two days ago about what? Your reception is still so like Robert Klein when you're the only must be used sweetie because I tried and it was now one other person That said we had any problem under reception are fine. Yeah, and in the morning Well, you must be an O-Jom provocative. You must be but Paxon's daughter will are something. Oh, please Give me a break sorry. Okay. Oh, yeah I had a 10 and all you know, I heard the call back that was related to Aaron K. Oh, I'm sorry. That another low blow I had one in my mouth once well. We don't care. We don't want to hear my words Bitch-lapur bitch-lapur Hang in there. Okay. Okay. It's a listen just move move I would love to okay, but I'm moving to a suit. How's the other station coming in? Fine, okay, there you go. You're all set. Oh, no, no. I Just keep on the hold, okay What do you mean now now? What does that mean? In other words when I go over there you're not gonna listen? Oh Definitely so what are you talking about you're all set? Well, forget about oh no, not now don't do that. No God forbid don't do that You don't want to hear that fabulous sports bitch that they pair by the pound Great day you two five we have an open line of brawards seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven W-I-O-D Or we're getting a delicious pork platter in here today from Pojo Tropica. I had one in my mouth once Here's a lady in heaven. Sure. Hello. No. Yes, man super game last night. Yes, man It was awesome. It was the best. I'm gonna play those highlights over and over again Even if I have to play them off that stupid cassette Remar sounded great. He did a good job last night. What's everybody? It's fashionable to pick on the rim man, okay Who has to work with that self and grandizing jackass That goes Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Oh my god. I was at the game last night. We have season tickets and I agree it wasn't the same atmosphere Not at all not at all people very don't know a thing about hockey I had a young couple sitting next to me about my age and The girl they're on a date. She didn't shut up the whole game and she's talking to her boyfriend like oh People told me you should have met me six months ago What are your sexual fantasies? This is in the middle of the game and I'm like I'm trying to watch the hockey game and she's like all over She's drinking beer. Oh great great. You know about the hockey and he's trying like to shut her up, but she wouldn't shut up Then I had more on the Acting bitch exactly. Yeah, then we have we had a few Pittsburgh fans who bought tickets think and they're gonna see the penguins Right drunk out of their skull. Well, can you blame him? No and then between not having her team there number one and number two looking at the scoreboard And seeing them getting the spot beat out of by the flyers can you blame them? Of course not Okay, and then listen to this a good friend of ours. It's a cross-mine Iron city. Yes, season ticket holder and you know how people walk up and down the aisle while play is on Do I ever well he he's a great hockey fan he'll tell people sit down wait So he tells us guy in a Mario Lemuse shirt, you know hold it can't you wait till plays over the guy gets in his face start yelling at him I'm gonna get you whatever the Security escort's the guy out at that this is like three minutes before the end of the game the poor guy She's into the older costume of ghost to leave the game. He got pummeled The guy beat the crap out of them the guy in the Lemuse jersey bloody to this face They had to call an ambulance and everything nice nice great Pittsburgh fans and the New York fans were shooting birds with the fly Like I said my section last night was great head soft to 106 you guys were great last night Just keep that lady from Ohio send it back to Kayaoga County, where we're he's from send it back to Lima, Ohio and WIMA All I can say nothing good be fine. I didn't send him to Lima 21 and 22 Hello the New York and 10 wins fans suck. Yeah, the game was awesome The team was just done in Mike blow right and carry freezer sucked. Oh, the worst Did you see him? How to blow him going on? What is it? See in the beginning of the game? I think this truck is first time out to say clip them and he did he went flying Yeah, right how about twice Kirk Muller got tackled right in front of Fraser We didn't call out then I'm gonna tell you if we don't get that goon old Samuel's in man There was a great sign that one where it said alpha or all for whatever your name is Said coward with a visor and that's the truth just like Don Terry says these backstabbing Assholes that are cheap shot artists and they wear the visor to protect themselves and then every time somebody goes to hit him They turtled on their eyes like Claude Lemue somebody's got a really kick his ass and anybody that knocks Eric Lindros For that cheap shot at the end of that game last week where he got a two games suspension, but nevertheless Or he really belted Samuel's and I say we should give him the congressional matter of honor and ice going Eric boy Starting to sound like Don Cherry now, hey, yes, yeah, and then we had a good Ranger fan behind us every time they call the penalty on New York When it go carry freezer you suck. Yeah, and then when they had the the major against the Lindsey right What's the normal matter yeah? I should have he left with my Go Panthers to Granger that what a great job that was huh? What a job a penalty killing I bought what I thought I was gonna like pee in my pants. Oh, he's got you see is we love you. Jody some more than others But we love you. Have a great day sweetheart 4 to 1 on Sunday. Okay, okay open line in day six two two the old Rangers and boy are they old like I said a JD yesterday They're old they're slow and they're old and they're pondress and he hit gretsky one time Oh, he's he's wine and he's old it is a head that's silly pussy helmet that he wears I loved it at a boy Billy Let's give another congressional metal of honor to Billy Lindsey for for Bushwack in the other great one area Today I loved it he didn't just slam that needle. I was right there in a corner and it was great Man, oh man. I thought it was a reaction day. I was so excited about that move nice gone Billy Open line in day six two two W. I OD let's blow up this equipment in here and have a big party Okay, and we'll send it all over to Mark but Paxon's son-in-law You know what I say about him don't you F. M. and a son-in-law Hi, I'm Sandy Duncan for Perky learning centers when I was in school the American education system was terrific And I still had trouble with algebra that's because I wasn't very bright and I only had one eye But that didn't matter because I was perky and all my teachers really liked me today without the 40 kids in a class It's hard to get noticed little on to be teachers pat that's where Perky learning centers can help Perky teaches your kids how to suck up kiss butt and make dimples when they smile call perky learning centers BERKY or I or something like that. I wasn't very good at spelling either for Christ. I only had one eye Wow 11 17 and W. I need to plot chickens here at the home of insanity man So Harry penis comes down here and the first two or three days is been here It's already all kinds of stuff going on. I just found a little memo on the floor. I wasn't really a memo Which is said to guess what and it's anonymous So he doesn't want to produce his talking on the ear is what I'm hearing He also does want producers getting no ratings bonuses as if they have nothing to do with his I don't think he understands what's going on here See I had that feeling the night why I had dinner with him. I mean nice guy But I just and drinks a lot of diet soda But I just had the feeling that he didn't really have any clue as to what we're doing here other than what Walter Sabo might be telling So just that we don't want you on here George. Okay. Yes, we do No, can you believe that? I mean I can understand Certain shows like I don't want to mention nose ring there at night, which uh, oh man too much what to it's always been too much with him Too much I mean what's he got to say but as far as the rest of the day No George and no Adam what would these shows be without them on here and even like Wayne even punky Wayne Batman But hey, these people they have a better way man. They know better They're gonna take a great station and they're gonna make it even greater They're gonna take that 45 sure make it into a 95 They're gonna take that 400 sure making it into a one We have an open line in day at 62 2 Wild we have 100 Broward 767 Wild here's Miami Beach, hello Yes, sir. I thought that game last night. Yeah, I got a question. Let's talk about it, sir Let's go. Let's hear some excitement is down. These people are dead All right, well first of all I had to watch it on TV and I wasn't fortunate So what's wrong with that? It's better not see it at all. That's true So the price was right the first penalty that we got Well, laws he hit grets here something right over time Yeah, I was wine they show them penalty well They show the close up on Gretsky right and he was just like oh man He was kind of like oh, you know like don't want to hit oh, he's such a pretty such a weapon But pussy Wayne Gretsky's a pussy. Yeah. Did you see the highlights on the SPN of what? of the game you know if this got the goals in sport? I Have I I I I just played their highlights of the gold of a little while ago I got the game on tape. Okay. Here's the thing when when they show I was at the game, sir I was there. All right. Well, here's here's why when they show when they show one of the goals You know and and they're showing the crowd in the background, you know of the gold being scored Yes, I'm idiot stands up and throws a rat I never saw any rats. There was rats. They showed them they showed it on here. There was how many rats? I never saw any rats. Well, there was and And also how many one I saw one one. Okay. There was one so we're curious Well, you know, I'm just saying you know people why are you saying that we had a great night and you want to call up because one asshole You're a rat. I was saying to John on a way home last night wasn't a great. We never need red problem The people are it was great. It was a great night and you got something to belly it come out go belly it to somebody else Oh somebody got up and threw a rat who cares okay? We had one rat there's 15,000 people in there and one asshole throws a rat which took a half a second for them to pick up and stick in their thing And this guy call here takes the effort to call. Okay, that is so typical And I'm supposed to be Mr. Negative on the one trying to whip everybody up and get some positive vibes going on his town And it's just negative and negative and negative and negative and negative Two open lines in date six two two one and Broward seven six seven Wild the mobile one purple line is even Opened pound IOD on a day we should be having a party in the streets. It's only one game But my God what a great night it was what a moment is evening What a spectacular event what a tremendous performance Kirk Muller was great again last night Nice gone Captain Kirk. It's your beats being in Toronto don't it sweetheart. That's right Here's Davey. Hello Hello, yes, sir. What's up with a bitch at night? What does that mean? That lady in nature to bitch. Well, so what does that mean? What's up with that bitch at night? Is somebody holding a gun? Is somebody holding a gun and forcing you to listen to it? I call it a say I would talk on this year phone. I mean, Mr. Ray does they show it like he doesn't join in What kind of a geek color? You know, crap like that. I think she had a good point We have an open line in date six two two. We have two and Broward seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven W-I-O-D pretty weak here little bit of enthusiasm there for about two or three minutes and then of course the real audience Start to come through again. I show in the real colors. You look out now. I'm going I'll get the right moon. I'm gonna play this all day Over over over over here. I'm gonna stick to these hotbed on A fake worth of death. I'm gonna stick to this brother. I'm just saying if everybody We love you I'm open windows. Let's say I ride Can't stand it. Okay. Let's go to a mobile in Miami. Hello Mobile in Miami gone. Okay. Blow it out your ass. Open line in date six two two here's a mobile in Lake Worth, hello Hey, Neil. How you doing? Great someone was going to rad out on the yacht. How do you like that guy? Talk about a sour post. I'm so tired of people like him Why doesn't he go complain to the teacher, okay? I want to personally call that guy He's like you know what he's a kind of guy when he was in school every time some kid farted in a classroom We probably went reported it to the teacher I'm always looking at an user or a pepper word. Yeah, anyway. He related to Tiger How many goals a get to go right around a friend and he tried to live in pepper woods? It was right next to gross point. Yeah How many goals it gets you score last night? I'll tell you how many scored I'll tell you how many messy a score. Oh, here's how many Adam Graves scored Here's how many points right? Oh, yeah, I think oh right unbelievable exactly I hate them man. I hate them. I can't stand them. I despise the ranges and everything about them I want all the scumbags New Yorkers just to walk out on 95 and let me run over every one of them Okay, anyway Do you play the first deep onks on for me the first one the abonics game is that? What you be meaning the abonics game has it come on everybody and do your thing? All right, all right, see you. I be seeing you now We have an open line homey at one triple eight four seven four nine four six three Let's be as illiterate as they want to be how about that V How do I have second woods doing And you know, see do not be thinking any botox Check out when I've been kicking Oh This You said they only look at me, but I'd have found a book that's been beat by the band's sweet. And then we... Look at that hole! So close to the door, and I found a book for the beat by the voice. Aaaaaaah! You be bold. So we're going to talk on it, but I'd have found a book for the beat by the voice. I like you, dude. I try you look with both. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, I'm gonna play a book on it, a cheap night book on it. Fuck. The Bar and the St. The Bar and St. Okay, so I see Eli was in there saying, hey, it's great that you're leaving. It's 11.25 at WOD. We have an open line on the other town line. One triple eight, four seven, four nine, four six three. By the way, we want to welcome Moskey Anderson. Oh, don't you remember Moskey Anderson? He was here before. He also was one of your appearances. Got your autographs? He's a good guy. He's a nice guy. Sure. But the audience hated him. I thought the first time I heard him, I thought he was really weak. The second time I heard him. He was not all that bad. I don't remember the audience hating him. Oh, they hated him. I thought there were some good and some bad calls. I don't think so. Well, he was okay. He looked good. I didn't hate him. No, remember, I remember what he looked like. He looked like a human like a guy. He looked like a real person better and most people in this business. So we can't be all bad right as long as they look good. That's how we care about it. Now if we could just make Tiger Woods white. And I know something I still wouldn't care. I couldn't care if Tiger Woods looked like, uh, it would, in R.K. at Glacius. He's a golfer, okay? He's a golfer. Nobody should care. Nobody should care. And the op-ed page or the, whatever. Yeah, the op-ed page and the essentialist point. They got a whole bunch of articles from newspapers. All over the world about Tiger Woods. And what great class and he seems to be so sincere. And he's so, oh, cares, okay? The bottom line is that Augusta, Georgia, where blacks were excluded, and could even think about playing golf. And maybe couldn't even caddy for a hundred years. Now all of a sudden, a black guy and a goop guy up there, wins the Amasties golf tournament. And right away, like, people are hyperventilating. It's still golf. Okay, it's boring. He's boring. The whole thing is boring. But we have to have, you know, our star of the moment, our star of the week, our star of the hour. What? Our star of David. Are you going to start with that on the era of Pesach here and to start with that crap? By the way, Brook Daniels has become, she's been saying she ain't Jewish because those real, or conservative, those real, from right wingers have said that unless you're as firm as they are, unless you're wailing at the wall or wailing on something, you're not really Jewish. So she's been saying for the last few weeks. She's not Jewish anymore, according to them. Now she became real Jewish. Monday and Tuesday, Brook's going to be a light in the candles and shoveling down that chocolate moths of baby. She's great, but boy, she could lose a couple of pounds. It's 11 28 at Wiod. 610, Wiod. So much, I want to give you the real thing here now. And now, a few words about vaginous cell. For my feminine itching, I depend on vaginous cell for you to stop it instantly. And for a painful burning itch, I get maximum strength vaginous cell. For even stronger, really. Excuse me. Yes. Speaking of someone who doesn't have a vagina, I have what may seem like a silly question. Uh, yeah. What exactly would be wrong with you that you would have all this itching? Oh, well, many number of things. Uh, a general irritation, for example. Yes, I understand that, but I guess it's the painful burning part you mentioned that alarms me. Oh. I mean, this constant burning and itching would seem to indicate some kind of problem that might actually require like legitimate medical attention. But vaginous cell can stop the burning and itching. Yes, but what I'm asking is, does it cure whatever's causing all the burning and itching? What do you mean causing? I mean, sure you might not be actively burning and itching anymore, but it still be a carrier. Carrier, it also got a typhoid Mary of sexual disease. I think you're part of it. Oh, come on admit it. You've been sleeping around. What? You think I'm stupid? You think I don't know a painful burning itching? Look, what's this five guy? Five guys last night. Hey, you're complaining at four in this morning. I didn't know about the first four guys. I had to be dead. I said that the last time I went out for you. What? What? I was ready to get it. Go for it. Go for it. Get it. I'm not your old creed. Imagine a seal. Maximum relief for notty 30 30, notty little girls. Okay, 1133 a W.I.O.D. Happy Friday to him. Here's a Jupiter, hello. Yes, sir. I loved it. I'm still loving it. I'm savoring it. Yeah, but I loved it when Kirk Mollock gave off. He was shot across the mountain. It was blood oozing from his mouth. Yeah, it was beautiful. That was a good start. I want to see blood oozing from all Samuel's. I told him to be happy. I said, you know what? I said, you're Monday. All we got to do is bang them old bastards and never come around again. Especially number 99 men. Exactly. You know what? You're not him. Mr. Campbell is going to have them come out like the broad street bullies on Sunday. Thanks, sir. Are you going to take it because you said it in the paper? Good. They get a lot of stupid penalties. Again, since they're so bad at killing others. Second worst in league at penalty killing. We can jam a whole bunch of more goals in areas in 4-1. I just love it. The best team money can buy can't do a blessed thing. That's right. Love it. Do you have to be a favorite? Yeah. You play that rocky thing. You do have, you know, it's so long. The one. I haven't heard it once. I forget what it was. Rocky thing. Some will rock you. It's still long with the times. Okay. Thank you. Whatever you say. Okay. See you. I've never wanted to. We have an open line on the out of town line. 1-3-8-4-7-4. I'd pretend you don't either. Okay. Let's go to a 4-Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, God. What an experience. What a life. The town needs to wake up. Yeah. Yeah. With that 5-1-3 is good. It lives. It wasn't home. The crowd. We were in a frenzy. We were just going aopshot. And it was just as the time ticked off and jodied in the war and it kept shooting at Downey Ice and Murphy. And we were just going ballistic. You couldn't believe it. And then as the entire rather rest of the double-minded Lindsey ended. It was like we had just won a Stanley Cup. That was unbelievable. That was a high light of the whole night. Better than any goal. Right. Hey, black ox tonight. What do you think? What do I think? We have a chance. No. I'm a displaced black ox, and go chilly. We're not going to win. No. No. No. You might get a goal, but that's about it. I doubt it. That's what the law on the net is. Nothing we can do. It's got nothing that's got that's part of it. But it's a mismatch. You guys aren't in the same league with them. Just go home and be happy you got made to play off. Yeah. Well, go Panthers. Okay. Take a seat now. See ya. Black ox blow. We have an open line in Broward 767-946-3767. Did I mention that cliffflutter was here last night. We could probably be here again on Sunday. Oh yeah. Better have an hogs. Chat with him. You killed him. We're glad you killed the maple Leafs. You killed him. You destroyed them. You tore my guts out. You broke my heart. Thank you so much, J.L.N.O. Here's a sunrise. Hello. Yeah. Hey Neil. How are you? I just want to go on Rick and saying that I'm another fan that went to about 2 dozen games last year. Yes. I went to every playoff game, but the one that Lindsey went around and bore on. Right. And I can't even smell it. I can't even sniff it. And one other thing. I was on the way home from work last night. Between 530 and 6 o'clock. And I'm turning on that station down the dial over there. Hoping to get some pre-game hype. Get the smell of the arena. I'm going to flip ball. See what's going on. There's three or four phone calls. We're about to draft. Yeah. I want to do my pan. Exactly. It was unbelievable. That happened to me on the way to the game. I was so aggravated about those calls. I pooped my pan. Yeah. I think you won't call. You could do this. Once come back out there. One dimensional town man. One dimensional. And then they pretend that that's their claim to famous. It's a football town. And you see the hurricanes. Now they lose a couple of games. And they got 60,000 empty seats in the Orange Bull. So it's got nothing to do with that. It's just that they don't know. You picked the topic and they don't know. Well, you listen. It was Kim Beck. Kim Bo-Kamper. Kim Basin, you're. Yeah. And then one last thing. I'm going to the Eternal Optimist and Follow this scenario of the top 14 seated teams in the East and when we'll play the Devils. Buffalo Play Philadelphia. We beat the Devils. Buffalo beats Philadelphia. We beat Buffalo. And we go to finals having been all three New York metropolitan teams. Wouldn't it be nice to see us play Buffalo in the conference championship? I would stick it to every New Yorker. Wouldn't that be a good opportunity for that. Wouldn't that be some series, huh? Absolutely. We'd have Rick Generats laughing as his spenders down here. No question about one last thing. Can I call somebody do you, man? Yeah. Carrey Filman, you are one big toilet cleaning for a mopping douchebag. And Carrie Fraser, too, don't forget. Okay. Yep. See, open line of Broward 767 WOD. The Mobile One Purple Line is waiting on you. It's pound-out of D. We don't want no producers on the air. By the way, we don't want to hear that. No more George. Okay. A little louder. What? Exactly. See, I mean, it's so clear. You have to be blind not to see what's going on here. What they would like to do is reproduce. See, they really believe water's stable and perhaps some others are really dumb enough to believe that you can package what we do. You can actually format it. You construct your it. Just, you know, it's like plugging in bodies. Just plugging in a body and reduce it to a formula. I hate to break the news to them. You can't do that because we're talking about personalities. People don't tune in here. They hear some structured, strict, straightforward. They don't want to hear that. And they're not interested in, in real radio up there in the WTK, SN Orlando. They don't care about that. They're not interested. Wow. It was real big up there. Yes, so was Aaron Summers. So was Aaron Summers. Huge gigantic WTK. I got you down here, right. That's because somebody was working with her hard every day. And I'm a show too. But she was gigantic. Ed Tillom, sure. They think is really a broadcast. You're up there at the in Orlando. Okay. I don't think so. Not here. Not anywhere. Not any of the 85 market cities worked in even Palm Beach. But they really think they can just formalize. And when was the problem before? What was the problem? It wasn't good enough before. So they're going to do it their way. We did wrong. We did wrong. Are you talking again on the air about peaks of 20 shares? I'm starting to get a little bit out of here. About what? Nobody told me not to tell you. I got news for it. They better not. They better not say nothing to you about they don't want to hear you on. Because the day that they say that is the day that I'm going to come in here and play a polka music for four hours. We have an open line. Oh, that's new format anyway. Open line in a mobile one line. Power. Power line. Pick it up and pound it till it bleeds. Here's a mobile and West Palm. Hello. Hey, Nihai, Don. Great. I'll tell you what. Waiting for that game yesterday was like waiting for Christmas. What butterflies in my stomach? Yeah. Watching it was like opening up the best presence on Christmas morning. Yes, right. That was a great game. That second period was a thing of beauty in the toy forever. Man, I'll tell you. I tell you a quick story. Yeah. I miss Phil so bad. Yeah. I'll be here Monday, by the way. Yeah, I know. Monday entries. Yeah. Rock the doors when he comes in. Okay. Anyway, I've listened to a stern this morning. And they did a get somebody called in and wanted to talk to David Rup. Yeah. And Fred got on there and pretended he was David Lee Rup because I'm going to tell you a secret number. And we'll bleed put out so nobody can hear it and they say it out over the air. Just like Phil would do, right? Yeah. And then everybody starts calling it. It reminded me of Phil. Show was great. Everybody called in. Hey, we heard that number. Wasn't bleed out. And then can you believe it? A program director from down here on Miami calls up Howard Show and says, Hey, I hate to tell you this, but the number went out on the air and it's like you idiot. You know, with the skin. A PD from down here called on the air. Yeah, but wait a second. One or six. Oh, my God. He calls up. I mean, you know with the stupid, it like what Phil does, right? Oh, my God. You mean to say that David Ross has heard people that's stupid over there at big? Yeah. He called. He called. He called. I'm going to give you the authority over at your Miami affiliate not so big. Yeah. that's the number went out over the air. I can't believe it. God. I have never got to leave down. I'm going. I'm taking myself. Phil, I miss you so bad. I wouldn't be surprised if that PD is on a floor right now. Dileering the number with his toes. Not no kid, man. Yeah. Anyways. Great game. Can't wait till Sunday. All right. Four one Sunday. Pal take it to the bank right now. See ya. on and out of town line one triple eight four seven four confidence is I I said before the game last night whoever wins the first game of the series takes the series and I had no idea that it was going to be such a piece of cake it was a piece of cake after we survived the initial onslaught there of 10 to one on the shots after we saw that the bezer is in that groove man he is in a mold he is just just back where he wasn't playoff time last year he is impenetrable and on the ice too so how do you like them apples huh here's a lady in review or beach hello hey how you doing great I'm a first-time caller all right but I have met you before last Friday at the Philadelphia game right my husband and I came up to see you he was the one wearing the hand painted heart hat right remember uh so he's a huge fan and very creative so he went and painted that big all helmet and turned out great anyway anyone who says that you're not nice to people are crazy they can blow it out their ass big time right and their mothers too right because you were very nice and for crying out loud what do they expect you to do you're there I gotta tell you story I gotta tell you story sure I don't think it was that game but there was one night when my lawyer and norm camp was there and you know I've had this stuff going back and forth and I'm going to the other station and I've been all these goes she so I got you know like once in a while there's actually somebody there I want to talk to like once in a while remember because he likes to piss off the knees pop in so he calls me up there between periods to talk to him he doesn't have nothing to talk about he just knows it pisses off Dennis so he has me stand there and talk to him okay but once in a while I'm actually talking to somebody about something so this guy and his uncle father brother-law whoever was they come over and hi how you know and I give him the same hi how are you shook his hand and so Norman I kind of wonder out in the hallway to talk like for two minutes about whatever it was and this guy like his walking is always came all the way over from the other side is that it well you said what would you like me to do do you like me to dance I really don't dance what what would you like me to little soft chew here what is it I came all the way over from the other side to meet you and that's it I don't know what they expect it's not like you're they're working you're on your time off well believe me he was a nice guy but I wasn't going to give him anything you know what I'm saying well that's why wasn't Jacob we came up to see you on another occasion but we said our hello we shook your hand we walked away right we just wanted to say hi we're here people I want to have like a lengthy conversation and you know go out and tap dancing a hallway and rumble I like guys come over the guy came my side you might have my girlfriend takes a picture of me with you no problem what do I care what do I care well I'd like to dismiss all of those false accusations because you're very nice to us and we don't over stay are welcome either we come we say hello we go away goodbye that's yes I am a couple other things yes man my whole family with the exception of myself all went to Michigan State University all right thank you very much we're all from New York we're all he bruised and we still love the panders and we hate Florida oh hey see I've great taste and one other thing yes you see the replay of Gretsk you say so I might my my speech pattern is bad here today when when he got all puzzled in the corner and when he built it there's not out of my I got it on tape I'm going to have to watch that I love it it was all he had to do was take out a towel and start crying it was I was so happy when I saw that happen I thought I was going to have to take out a towel I was great my husband was practically sitting on the television screaming that's how I loved it I jumped up out of my chair I was screaming yes and finally somebody hit that bastard big time and when Lindsey took a man on the board oh man he should get his clocking for off his one his clocking hey man anyway he told George that too but it was very nice talking to you enjoy the rest of the series and we'll come see you again sometime and have a great day and happy pace off same to you bye bye we have an open line of day six two two nine four six three well sanitary for Passover oh by the way thanks to the guy the Jewish guy brought over a bag of mandal bread made with maca and with chocolate chips mandal bread for pace off which wasn't bad either by the way sure to withdraw friend Adam there who was on his best behavior not to set him another Adam Jewish all items are Jewish the first one was I had one in my mouth once yod jump is just tell me where's your problem pass And they got nice on their feats. I never saw the house smelling so nice, Now I'll have the lower my-apping price. Nothing but containers lying on beds. All of them weird, all of them desk, yes, Who have been waving by lie? Going to Syria. We're going to see you in a sweet night. Let's do it. All right, by the way, the Nike Switch was prominent at the game last night, and of course it is a trifes, so anybody who any Jew that wears the Nike Switch even close to Paceoff is going to a eternal hill. 1152 at WIOD, here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. Neil, yes sir. How are you doing? Great. I have a question. My wife's uncle was the actor John Marley, and we were at a family reunion and we were talking about the Godfather. Yeah. And we forgot the name of the horse. Card tomb. Card tomb. Don't you remember that? No. Card tomb. Very much. Okay. Thank you. You got it. Put the trick in the mail. It's on the way. Okay. We have an open line in Broward. Card tomb. My hope you appreciate beauty, Tom. I'm not going to raise a no. I'm going to put him out to start. Open line in the out of town line. 1-2-8-47-49-46-3. Of course it's hard to go out to start when your body is in the stall and your head is in his bed. But hey, he'll work on it. He's got that but hey. Maybe that's what he's eating. Let's feed Card tomb some but hey. Here's the call from the keys. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Pretty good game, eh? Not bad, eh? Not a bad start. Oh, I tell you. These guys are shocking, man. Just when you count them down and out those last couple of weeks, all of a sudden they come bouncing back just in time. And you can't even believe it. Can't get over these guys. I'm a displaced flyers fan. So I feel it's a shame that if they both win, they won't teach other than the second round. Maybe the third. Maybe the third. That'd be nice if they could get by the devil's. Mm-hmm. And I tell you, they're there. Idiot who call in about the rat. I got a suggestion for him. Every goal that's Florida scores, they should do what they do in that candy bar commercial and they should throw some idiot wearing a ranger shirt out on the ice. Not bad. Could you believe how many ranger shirts were at that game last night? One of these people going to wake up. I learned a lot of rangers. Sure. What are you talking about? There was a smattering. Really? Oh yeah, used to be up until this year. People with one gun. No, you're a couple. Up until this year there used to be a 40, 50% of the crowd will be ranger fans. Every time we play them. But now since we got so many season tickets and every game is a sellout, most of them can't get in there. It's great. Good. I'll tell you those new yorkers. They just don't understand that you know, if you can't take a hit in this league, you're not going to win. That's right. It just isn't as fast as it used to be. In fact, instead of a hit, he took something that rhyme with hit last night after Lensie Debt to my loved it. I'd be a lot more worried about Messier. He didn't even show up last night. He was just as fast as he did for us. They did the shot count last night. I was listening to the game. Yeah. And they did the shot count at the end of the game. And 20 out of the 34 shots were by their big guns, graves, Messier, kicking, kicking in and gratsky and got 20 shots. Yeah. So they have nothing to complain about. They got quality shots on goal. It's not like they were not given a chance. The shot was unstoppable, man. Yeah. They weren't like the rough out of the game. Yeah. Couldn't, they just couldn't produce. Too bad. The beads are he's just unbelievable. He broke their spirit out. You know, Richter played good too. I'll be fair because the two of the shots were deflected and then a one on the power played Garper Long had the old open side there. But it was actually a goal-tending all the way around. It's just that bees are was better. You know, the, the, the, the, the Panthers are a team that can score a lot of those garbage goals. And I don't think that the Rangers are willing to get in there and mix it up in the same way. If they're not going to get their, uh, clean, you know, slap shots, they're not going to score. They're afraid to get mixed up with guys like Paul Louss. Paul Louss. Paul Louss. Okay. See you. What do you call him? That's my buddy Paul don't mess with him. We have an open line in Broward 767. We have one on the out of town line. One triple eight four seven four nine four six three. One. Where's that food already for Christ? I mean, for crying out loud. So anyway, but packs the sun and lawn mark who sits up there in the skybox because he's a hot shot. He's in the elevator last night and says F. Don Coralion F. Michael Coralion and forked me a Rogers 2. I'd rather how do you like that? For an in temperant bunch of behavior by a bunch of, uh, far-bist in a Goi and who pretend to be whatever they're, of course, I don't know what his story is. I don't know where he ranks in the family. Here's a mobile in Pembroke pine. Hello. Daniel Gorn. Yes sir. I was just watching this porch sound. They just might kind of give you the, uh, the game. They high five to the again. Yeah. And as phone just crept out. All right. Well, thanks for the good news. We have an open line at Broward 7679463 767Wild. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, me. Oh. Yes. How are you doing now? Tremendous. Great Warner is God. He's great. And the Beezer is God. Don't forget Jody Hallowman. The young son hero. He was so great last night that he deserves a big kiss. I'll tell you what, though. That hit that Lindsey put on, uh, on the, the great one. Yeah. Say what, that was pretty good. I'm the lame one. He's the lame one man. The lame one. I like the kiss. I like the kiss. You see that. Yeah. That was a beautiful fair. That was a beautiful fair. One last thing, Neil. To those New York writers from the post and from the times. Fellas, puck her up. Okay. You're not the kiss. That's pretty certain. Exactly. Bye, guys. See you first. We have an open line in date. 6229463. By the way, our equipment here is malfunctioning. They but don't worry about that. We'll get it. If that thing is in here, by the way, the thing. Oh, my God, George, look at that. My, my, look out now. Did you put the other ones in there too? No. Oh. Okay. So I guess they're probably there in there. You have an input a minute or yet they're in there. It's like right. Who would sooner or is that? Pringle. Which one is that? Pringle. It's in there. Of course, remember that woman has found that dead mouse. And well, I'm not sure which brain it was. I better not say it was in there. 1150 set. Don't you remember that? She found a dead mouse in her. She found a dead mouse in her spaghetti sauce. No extra charge. No extra charge. That's right. Mouse made Parmesan and nothing like it. Sorry. Probably a Naples that eat that. Not Italy, Florida. 1157 a W. I. O. D. Given anything that rhymes with palm metal. Let me know. Yeah, do we do have a wreck in the clearing stages. Still a bit of a slow-go southbound palm metal. Approaching Northwest 120 seconds. Also when actually now crumb avenue at southwest 190 second. How much? How much? A little roundday and router. Moving along pretty well. See Rockwell, Savannah, and Illinois O. D. Clash in adult buildings at work. 16 W. I. O. D. Miami, Fort Launderedale. Friday, you best dudes. All right. I have to write out the wall through Sabo in a blackest sedan. I want to hop inside my company car. I got the pictures. In fact, the neat guy to my hand. I'm good at making you a rainy old star. I'm all through Sabo, baby. I can do anything I want to do. Under consultant woman. And I'm gonna be consultant to you. Under the basketball. On a crap show. Yeah, for me long. Oh, got the boy up. I've got the power to mold in control. Whoa, who are you? No, I do. Where are I? Have a way to get your own show. The station's out in Hollywood. And it goes down with your ratings alone. Just as long as you can stroke me though. Oh, my God. I'm all through Sabo, baby. And you'll do anything I want to do. I'm your consultant woman. Spade your latin' at desire you. I'm gonna vote ya. On your own, on your own, on your own. The sun's flying down into real dark. That's why I'm like insulting, because I'm just an asshole. Oh, I'm going to vote. Ah. Prop 1-4 W-I-O-D-I-C-I-R-N-R-T-I-T-Is in the building they? I just can't stand that so much. And she'll be on a course tomorrow afternoon with that in Cip at Travel Show. What time is that? Three, four, what is it? Three, four, four-to-one. It could be the very last one, so... Why is that? Well, other packs and people screwing over your life again? Do I look like a happy camper? Do I look happy? Compared to want? Do they need anyone to get coffee or anything off you're anything at the big queue. What did you call me? We have an open line in day. It's 629-463-622-WID. So our remirature is all been out of shape. Is there going to be anybody left here besides Steve? What's his name? Steven J. Gay. And you're going to read these six around as those free trips to the Bahamas every week. What? What is it now? You're speaking on Mike again and you're that's supposed to be doing it. You're going to get hairy all penis.pist off. You're going to get all been out of shape. So to speak. We have an open line on the other time I'm going to put these people out there. You haven't I told you? Haven't I told you people for months they have no clue. They have no idea. They don't know what this radio station from Halava. They have no idea what we do what it's all about. And so they're going to bring in some experts who are going to reinvent WID. They're going to reinvent it all right. Two about a one-share is what they're going to reinvent it to. Something that they can feel comfortable with. A station with no ratings which they're so used to in a packs and chain. But you know what Mark says the sun and law F Neorodgers. Thanks a lot Mark. I don't even know who you are but the feeling is mutual. Here's a mobile and pepper pine. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Great. I was just watching the sports channel. They're doing recaps the way I've made a game. Guy comes on the system goes the computer being such a gear. He is at 34 years old at an unstoppable team last night. I just thought that common in this old was kind of degrading. Yeah. The Beezer is 34. That's what he said. That is number. Well, are you sure 34? I'm not. Well, that's what he said on the sport. Okay. I'll have to double check that. I'm not really sure John is that old. Are you that old John? I don't know. I'll check it out. The, you think we're playing on the sport? Well, here's how old he is. How old is grand fewer for crying out loud? That's shut out Detroit the other night. That's shut him down. Sir. Yeah. Go ahead. I have no idea. Do you have an idea about Chris Wells? Do you think we're playing better than now? He's not in the game anymore? Have a great day. We have an open line at day at 6222Wild. We have an open line at the other time. I like that. Like that question. Biggs in answer. What did I tell you yesterday? But I'm not going to pee on my own parade because I'm psyched. I'm pumped. I'm ready to rock and roll. In fact, I'm so worked up to a frenzy here that I might. Where did he go? Is he? He's speak up for him. I was what for y'all on the board. Melody. I pass for Robert Seller. Hey, Andy. Go for them. I'm going to go. George Lee's one. All right. Rangers are regained. The shot advantage of 2119. Live virtue of their previous power. Flight Panthers have a minute 39 remaining in there. Messier. It was in the dry to Kirk Muller. Who sweeps it back to him. Murphy for Spayler. Proud in front of Rick. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right All right. All right. All right. All right. Oh. Well. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right.. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All that by Barry has put his time around all we'll be there for you. You agreed? All right. Pray. All right. That will be kind of prohibited. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Well. Right now. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All uh. All right. All right. All right. All right. All all right. We'll be clear. All right. All right. Oh 20 goes so. All right. All right. No right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Have a great work together. All right. All right. All right. All. across back to Tiger Woods for seconds. Please, let's talk to you, our first. Let's get, that's our topic today, by the way. Good. There were loads of you tiger in the woods. On the USA today, did you hear about the article in there? No. OK, a gambler in Great Britain has wagered 200 pounds, $325, that masters when their Tiger Woods would become the president of the United States before he was 50 years old. OK. Ha ha ha. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. Good name for I love it. Yeah. It's offering odds of 50 to 1 against woods being elected during or before the 2024 presidential election. Yeah, I don't think we'll have no goofy president. Oh, maybe by then, but I don't think we'll have to be Tiger Woods. Yeah. All right, that's all I wanted to tell you. Great news, thanks. I'm going to register now. Just to make sure it don't happen. We have an open line in date, 6222WildD. We have the mobile on purple line, Pau-D. You know, it's interesting, but people who have never actually held a hockey puck in their hands. When I see these goys, they make it phenomenal. Saves and these wicked shots coming. Guys just winding up and these slap shots and these wicked wrist shots, people have never seen and felt it. You know what I'm saying? I had one in my mouth once. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Gone on six on a broad line in Miami in their gone. Well, that's too bad. That's really said that you wasted that money long distance and never even got on the air. That's a very bad shame for us. We have an open line in date, 622WildD. We have an unbrowered 767-463-767WildD. Here's Miramar. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I'd just like to say that you're great and you're out of this great and everyone's great. But I just have really like quick comments. Tiger Woods is a very good tennis player. Now I'm believing. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a good tennis player. I don't know. Go. But I don't believe that no one should be looking at him as a black person. They should definitely look at him as a great young player. There's another boring golfer. Yeah. Yeah. The boring golfer. Let me ask you, do you play golf? No, I do not. Do you guys golf on TV? No. So like I said, who cares? No one. But also, Neil, you're great. Can I home have a family for class? Yes. OK. The guy buying the Chinese food restaurant? Yeah. Can you please say that? Pretty please? Pretty pretty. OK. Would you like to hear your talk? OK. Don't hear his on time. I'm a little bit scared. Can I help you? Yeah. Couldn't you find a restaurant for a second? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're on the same. Patrick. Patrick? Yeah. I just thought he was supposed to talk. He's my name. Oh. He's a little bit scared. OK. Yeah. Hello. How are you? How are you? Yeah. Yeah. Hello. Who's speaking? Yes? Hello. Can you hear me? Yeah. You got restaurant for sale? Huh? How much you want for the restaurant? Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the bars. I come over. Maybe eat dinner with you. OK. Does that price include all the walks? Huh? Huh? Come on. Dama da sa. Good Chinese. Good Chinese. Okay. You can go to the restaurant. Go. Go. I'll go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. No. OK. I'll go to the restaurant. OK. OK. I'll go. Uh. You know. You know. You know. Go. You know. Go. I know. Uh. Go. Go. Go. Go. OK. I'll be right there. OK. I'll send the toy on. Send it. I'll send it. Go. Go. Did he say, Patrick? What? 1213 and WIDW. Well, since we're hockey intensive today, since it's in the year, every wearing everybody, of course, here knows Pat Roy. We have an open line of brown by the way. If you'd like to participate in our big celebratory parade today, 767-9463-767 WID in an all-request Friday, we are really doing it, man. We are doing it. We'd be really, really happy if we had that lunch here so far, but with Eli and charge. Oh, man. Poor Eli. Seriously, is it going to be here like today or maybe over the weekend? Well, we sure wouldn't want no free food showing up here tonight, like after the game. If we have it, do the heat ever game tonight? Let's see. Let me take a look. Uh, heat in New Jersey. New Jersey. Hey, how's that today? How's it going? That's scheduled. Look, by the way, I made that. Looks very fancy, fancy. And then so, Karen Gays, going to be on after the game. I'd hate for her to be here and that we had another free lunch in here. And it was dawning on me, Ron and Ron, they get free food all the time. Tons, we get tons, uh, Rick and Suds get tons, uh, Brooke, she likes free food and here free or whatever. I heard her begging for soda to the other night, because they keep stealing hers. Quit leaving your soda around sweetheart, because you leave anything around that's not locked down here. And here even with Max gone and it's gone, okay? It's here, by the way. What's here? The food? The soda? And like my mother would say, quit drinking so much soda! That's what my mother would say, just in that ton of voice too, by the way. 1214 at WIOD. MIOD. YAR. TASTAR ME. I'd little island full of gay romance. They wear gay sandals and they wear tight pants. Sund rents up to bottom every day. Blessed with a miracle of being gay. The very best of pilots in the USA. Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big way. The very best of pilots in the USA. Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big way. Just for me. Join the big swish to just a field queen. You choice of the facts of America. 1218 at WIOD. Scott Feldman's here from Pojo Tropical. And of course, right on the eve of a paceau, what could be more Jewish than bringing me pork, right? What could be better than that? Nice going. Scott, thank you so much. Look at that pork and onions and a beautiful plate here. And it's great stuff, man. The circumcised, of course, just and also from the circle you ran. I had one in my mouth once. Okay, let's go to a, wait a minute. Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes. Is the dog in? Yeah. What can we do for you, sir? I don't know. Okay. Normally, going to this chain of subject, I'm going to be going to Europe and August. And being at your such a world traveler. August and Europe. Is that basically a decent combat hero? Well, definitely Germany, France. And maybe even hit Amsterdam after all that you know. Nice to meet you. I think that's heard about that place. August is great, but not in Italy. Yeah. Everybody goes on the month, all right? August is a pretty good month, all right? Yeah. It's hotter and hell, which is great. Great. Good. I mean, Amsterdam won't be hotter. It'll be warm for there. Well, listen to my, uh, my, uh, fellow jailer over here. Because we're at the jail column for my DCJ. Uh, we have a chemistry quest. We wanted to hear that song, uh, uh, what's the call? The, uh, yeah. Yep, jailhouse bitch. jailhouse bitch. Yeah, can you play that for us? Yes, I can. Thanks, Rodney. All right. Have a great time, pal. You too. See you. What tell just happened there? We have an open line in day six to two nine boy. That is good. Man is that good. Man. That is good. It's sensational. That's how good it is. Seriously. There must have been some, fine, huh? Whatever it was when it was alive, but boy, it sure is good now. Open line in date County six to two nine four six. Three two nine four six three two and Broward seven six seven WIO D. Here's a call from Atlanta. Hello. Atlanta. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing, Neil? Okay. I'm on vacation in that line. I figured, if you never get calls from not that many calls from out of town. That's right. You know, you, you, you, you, eight, eight, nine. You found a pretty good on the radio. I mean, what is it? Hello. I'm listening to you, sir. I'm trying. I'm holding the sounds great. Yeah. I mean, I'm here if I can't hear your sh. Obviously. Um, tomorrow's my birthday. Yeah. I get that little birthday thing. Oh, my God. No. Thank you. And also, I was wondering if I could have seen him sequester. Okay. Go ahead. The big black guy named Ben. But County. How can you be pretty wants to hear that? That's the one thing I don't have because George refuses to find that for me. I mean, we got it somewhere, but George keeps procrastinating. I think George has something against a big black guy named anything. And to be honest with you. Oh, well. Okay. Well, I guess I'll talk to you when I get back to Miami. Okay. Have a great time, pal. See ya. Okay. We have an open line on the other town. You're talking out loud by the way. I don't want to get him upset. He's in here talking out loud. How can I drive? Papa. Papa. Not that we can hear the rain thing. Of course you like. But don't worry about it. Here's a deer field. Hello. In the, yes sir. As we go on. Great. Couple things. The guy that called before told you what the Howard program were happening for. Yeah. It wasn't a program in the lecture. It was a board up. Oh, the board up call. The board up. Well, regular rocket scientists. Yeah, exactly. Well, you know who the board up is, don't you? It doesn't super Dave do that. I don't know what. For Dave, I think he's the board up for that show over there on big. That explains it. Oh, he's a real pucks. So I just said, I give you the right information on that. Uh-huh. I've lost about 10, 11 pounds on the acen. Great. And what other thing can you play something for me? I work on it. OK. OK. That Miami song that's the Miami Dolphin song with Brian Cox. Like for the good. OK. See you. OK. OK. So anyway. Hey, boy. Let me see your license there. What's the problem, officer? Go a little fast. Won't you? Same. What's in the bag seat? Nothing. Crack rock. Sitting in his back seat. I said, crack rock. You can sell on the street. You can smoke it. And you'll catch a good buzz. Just don't get full over by the bus. Kick up. Singing with a big band. He's a kick up. His next kick in his hand. He got busted. With three pounds of dope. He's a bent over and picked up the soap. The party's over now with J-A-L. You got busted energy. A-I-L. You were once a big star. Then you made the big switch. And J-L, you're just both busted. The party's over now with J-A-L. You got busted energy. You talk about immediate impact by the way, George. Wow. So I'll see you in a few minutes. I'd like to see a song about American history. About me, about you. About the way our American hearts beat way down in the bottom of our chest. About that special feeling we get in the tacos for our lives. They're the golden tacos. Maybe in the sub-comptu area. Maybe in the liver. Maybe in the kiss. Maybe even in the corner. We don't know. I'm just too great to enjoy with a regular job. I'll be a ravber inch white. Superb and I'm slow. I like football and cornering. What's about goal? I got an average house. Where the nice start would've for. My wife and my job. I like it to my car. I'll speed on my table. And I can do this a go. But sometimes it's just kind of the tip of man like me. Just to come on on. No way. I know I've gotta go out and have fun. It's someone else's experience. Whoa yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. I try really slow. In the old professional team. Well, people behind me are going insane. I'm gonna fool you. You're gonna fool you. I'm gonna fool you. But you're gonna fool you. I use public toilets. And I'm a seat. I walk around in the summer times. And I'll about this year. I'm gonna fool you. I'm gonna fool you. I'm gonna fool you. You're gonna fool you. You're gonna fool you. Sometimes I'm in the handicapped spaces. Well handicapped people. Make handicapped the fainting. I'm gonna fool you. You're gonna fool you. I'm gonna fool you. But you're gonna fool you. Baby I should be singing this song. Rancy and raving and caring. Baby they're right for they tell me I'm wrong. Now I'm gonna fool you. You're gonna fool you. Come on, let's go. You're gonna fool you. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna get myself when I 1667. You can't let go the run of the murderable. I think with a whale's in the hop-up ass. And all other cow and herere and think round baby, see you lies, red headlines. Yeah. And I'm gonna cry, brown, that's baby. And I'm gonna get 150 miles per hour. Just get one mop or gallon. Second now, four to five and a few. First, put down the old fast. Not buying a greatable styrofoam containers. And when I'm done second down those three-spall burgers. I'm gonna wipe my mop with the American flag. And then I'm gonna toss the styrofoam containers right off the side. And then right in the cat dance thing anybody can do about it. You know why? Because we got the bomb. That's why two words are nuclear. And weapons. Okay, Russia, Germany, Romania. They can have all the democracy they want. They can have a think democracy they can take. Walk right for the middle of the end of the square. And then we'll make a lick and difference because we got the bomb. So, yeah, John Wayne's not dancing. He's frozen. And as soon as we find a cure for cancer, we're gonna throw out the zoo. And he's gonna be pretty pissed off. You know why? To a Mexican to call shower. We'll multiply that by 15 million times. That's how pissed off the zoo's gonna be. I'm gonna get a zoo. And John has a baby. And the armament and sand, that can go. And a cheese and meat. And try to do it the next day. You know who really are now. And you just shut up and sing this song about. Come on, X. Go. Go. Go. Go. Come on. Go. Go. Go. Let's pass. Thanks. Oh. Hell in. Everybody. Let's pass. Praise home. Hell in. Four. Two. Three. Two. Two. Four. I'm an asshole, I'm proud of this. Talk 27 at WOD. I'll tell you what the not only is his lunch sensational, the food is phenomenal, a pork is unbeatable, but... It'll make you sh**t. Wow, immediately if not sooner. We have an open-law. I'm telling you, man, that was just a moving experience. I was running up and out at home. Didn't make it. Open line at Broward 767-9463. Well, Irene was out there. It's hard to do a hard to control yourself when she's out there. Were they still screaming at each other out there? Who's that? Irene and Harry. No. They were screaming at each other? I just can't stand that so loud. Are you serious? Irene were screaming. We shouldn't exaggerate. They were shouting. They were having words. About what? But I thought he was so mild-mannered and me can reasonable, etc. and so on. And drank a lot of diet soda. Anyway, it's the 1228 at WOD. They're going to remake this place. They're going to whip it in the shape. Oh, make go best to think about that. Oh, God. That's what happens when you eat on the air. Oh, God, when you get like a little bit of that mung like caught in the corner of your throat. I had one in my mouth once. I'm very zoned vehicle purchase. Can we price based on 2000 down cashier trade includes all rebates plus tax tag and title the proof credit C we can pay for 40 tales. 610 WOD. When lightning is coming, you're at your first. Hmm. I can't have an orgasm just driving down on 95. But only if you're driving beside me. You know what, back to the bathroom. You'll run, you've got the whole quick way back to the bathroom. It's good for them. It's an asshole celebration and they're all out on the street. Sees him on the sidewalk. Oh, hear them shut for their feet. There's 20,000 assholes doing asshole from the native. Step aside, good people, there's the asshole from the rage. We've got the assholes for freedom. The assholes for men. The assholes for Jesus. The assholes for guns. The assholes for justice. The assholes for crime. The assholes for assholes. The assholes for all time. We've got assholes making money at making all the rules. And a foreigner tram in lane helps me stay here Dancing leaves man Mmm mhm mhm by the time eyelashes get the orders and a some bro to vote Cause assholes get to float I want to sort of feel that all that soul never dies They just lean back in the multiply Assholes in the morning, asshole in the night Assholes left in assholes with a prey Break, eat those assholes, do that asshole from the day Disgusting people in assholes on the way Oh, I want to tell you what to get you don't believe in God You're missing it both because I have never seen such instant punishment Okay, any Jew who eats pork on paysaw and there you go Man, oh man, thank God for those long asshole songs, huh? That must be it the Jewish thing, cause I'm fine I had at least as much as you did And you really think that's connected with this I haven't eaten this long enough to have any digestive reaction This says they would say if they pretended they knew what they were talking about You're being smitten I'm being smitten by the Lord Because the what's his name Mark, but Paxon Sonnerman I'll send it to the game last night F Neal Rogers and Lord heard it and he said okay And I said no way, Jose By the way, how's Jose doing? We have an open line at Broward 767946377-Wild Here's Hylia, hello Yes sir Hey man, sorry about that by the way, but hey, you know nature was calling But hey, but yes, that's what you get for eating pork meal Pork on paysaw You're a Neilman, you're gonna write a home man, so worst That pork will kill you I had one in my mouth once Yeah, hey Neil, when did you forgot the game was over last night When we scored the first goal Yeah Right Man, those panties either No, I was a little bit nervous, you know, they're still 16 and a half minutes when he called When the alliance became over and said By the way, you weren't watching the game, Kiri We're busy to want to turn your head because you get your hair out of place And it was like a high stick in carpots as face And Lindsey's gonna get a double minor And at that point, I got very nervous because if they would have scored then They could have made a game out of it Yeah, but you know But that's when we really showed our true colors man We showed that we had balls love a hippopotamus We have balls, that's all that's all I have Neil Now listen, they're giving a game on sunshine And that high ping over there Yeah By the way, the Wayne High Pingo Republican just raises up to 28 and a quarter yesterday Oh, what it's doing today, but it's going back up nice going Wayne Baldi They're messing up our kids television and putting a ping on TV Yeah Thank you for paying the asshole song out He does ping us off TV man I was gonna request for it because, you know, I figured Neil just doesn't want to do anything That he just wants to It's all reclust Friday today, right? What are you talking about? We're hockey intensive man Hockey Panthers panthers How many people have taught these show today talking about panthers? Two All right, you see? What kind of city you're right? All right, Neil, you have a good day And happy pace off pal Okay, don't eat no pork Well, we have an open line in day at six to two WIOD We have an open line in Broward, 767, 463 So Irene Richard was having a cocktail tops with Harry penis out in the hallway It wasn't as bad as all that from what I had And he said if you want to do a talk show on another station go ahead Nice going, Harry That's the first smart movie he's done since he's been here Besides rinking all that diet, so what are you smoking about? Irene Richard walking around here like she's like she's holding this place She's the lapages glue that's holding this place together I can't stand that slow Oh my god Irene Richard backstabbing maniac Fony, Erzaz I travel show man Now listen, let me ask you this, does she know Suzy Gerard? I'm wondering about how she got that show on her first place Of course we understand that packs in this straighter life I love 94 Which is why she came back over here expecting it would be different That would be like my going down the dialer for while saying, oh by the way I think I'm going back to a buddy bud I'm going back over there, I got religion Here's a lady in Miami, hello Lady in Miami Hello Yes, ma'am How about the panther? How about them panther? What are you doing with me? How big are you? I'm going to go all the way to see you Right, Stanley caught pikin' smell up Yoke and Clairado is going to go down They're going down Yeah, I think Tyver Woods and Dennis Rommens should leave out of this world Okay, I'll tell him you said so and have a great life Get out of here We have an open line in date 622Wild We have an open line in Broward 7679463 Boy, they're sure as an apple amount of pork here, huh? Hmm Let's go to a western, hello Happy Pace-off And back to you How are you? Great, I just want to go Great day for the Yidd-Lah-Hah That sounded bad Great day for the Yidd-Lah For the Yidd-Lah For the Yidd-Lah For the Yidd-Lah, yeah And I'm going to go in, I can say that Mm-hmm, not a practice What do you decide me's twin? Yeah This guy's a go-in I'm going in, and I can say Okay I want to do a throw another nice endorsement To Randy Maltage in the team Uh-huh They got me off, baby Branded ticket too Randy and a team did it once again They're great, they're the best They're awesome, and if they made it go away All away, just an extra little piece of You know, I think better than Randy Maltage And the ticket defense team are the plantation cops Who love me and I love them That's for them, I love them They're great Randy and a team is the best man Like I said I had a little problem last week, I didn't think it was going to work Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute Who's walking on the roof now? Is Irene Richard, does she like take off and go into orbit and land on the roof? Somebody is pounding on the roof up here now For this place is just done, it's last leg, you can smell it Yeah, that's it Oh, that's it That's okay I thought I was done, anyway you were saying Well go panthers, congratulations to the team, nice work Oh, it was great It was a night to remember man It was a night to a fondal and squeeze and hold on to Did you guys just listen to Bill Murphy last night? Bill Murphy Murphy, one of my old compagers I was going to work in the trailer park radio station a long time ago And what he's doing for this path We can for next week from 10 to midnight He's got his own show on It's 10 to 15 He's talking about sports and he's doing it with hockey Did I get a chance to listen to Bill Murphy? You are a comedian man Talk about getting a shameless plug for your friend Come on Murphy Nobody can even pick up that radio station Are you off your rocker? Well, if you're on the Bahamas Yeah, right We'll try it tonight I'll tell Stephen J. Gay, he goes there every weekend Good luck pal Get out of here Open lines in Broward 7679463 767 Wild On smurf 16 Which was just purchased by the way by these Maniacs in here By these very naive Jews that work in this magic marketing building What a joke that is A station 1690 on the dollar something like that It's off the end of your dial It's off it's further on the right than Rush Limbaon Gordon Litty That's how far the right it is Nobody can pick it up It's got a signal echo straight up into the ear If you're liking a helicopter right over there, tower is manic coming great Of course you don't want to hear it anyway, but they come in great Another pack in the station that he's dumping off Here's Carl Gables on a mobile hello Hello Neil Yes sir I was just wondering what just happened We'll teach it to not eat in your car What just happened there And I was also thinking that it was a light to be at the game last night I remember it Well go away Wait, wait, let's back up a second What was it about eating in the car? Oh, I was just saying what just happened to you We'll teach you not to eat in your car Oh, yeah, good point. Excellent Anyway, I hoops my pants Yes, definitely that my new Corvette wouldn't that be a grotesque disgusting thing Looks too good for us I didn't mind the other one. That's why I traded it in Anyway, I was saying a delight to be there last night And a reminder me of being at the first game last year Some guy had that Stanley cup up in the upper deck Yeah I put the light on that and it was like I remembered last year kind of snickering going like Yeah, right I'm telling you with the beater and the way we're playing it couldn't get me out of shot We got a shot man There's no question about it Same old for quest Yes sir I knew there was something fun you about that guy, eh Great cherry on top What? About the coach Kennedy's coach Yeah Don Sherry's eyes Oh, that's it. Well guess what? What's that? Can't do it. That's the disc that died Oh, that's my many discs That's my many discs that Howard never brought back by the way because it died That reminds me, you got to go They had all the great stuff on it by the way Had all my Mike Lang stuff on air all the great stuff was on at this number 13 I guess that is an unlucky number right Danny Boy that's right Unbelievable Yeah, when you go down the dial you're going to be able to take things like Roy and all that what you're Why not? Okay, go You take the sound we shoulda want to take him Have a great day pal All right, take a bite 610 Wiot It's a party out there Pursu Mary Pursu Mary Now the post depends on you And the powers you possess Since you saved his life With your slices of life He's got a job for you to do Pursu Mary Pursu Mary Pursu Mary You have a brand new style too We love the way you fought your doom With the make me on your chest And we'll be as good as you'd do You'll be the only one who'll pray Pursu Mary Who's with the speed of the gazelle Since the bad guys straight to hell When a building starts to grow With your leaders that we know Just for she's gone with once my heart Pursu Mary Pursu Mary Pursu Mary Call 50 at Wiot if anybody seen fat boys 401k from Cox Broadcasting Please call in immediately Advantage to them there I think it's right there on the side of the bank building With the Virgin Mary We have an open line in brown Better go over to clear water before somebody grabs it 7679463 We got two open lines on the out of town lines Our topic today is tiger really got wood Here's a pop and oak call Hello Hey Neil, how's it going? Great How about that game last night? Yeah Yeah Gotta love that Loved it Just wanted to make a shameless request Yes, I know that you've My favorite part was here in that nice lady Tell me about how to pack some of the sun I was in the elevator Tonner the F Neil Rogers That was my favorite part of the whole night I don't know what you were saying That wasn't very cool Yeah I've wanted to make a shameless request I know you probably played it a few times today But I want to hear some more Panther goals in last night Okay, good luck to you Two open lines in brown 7679463 See if we escort 7 or 8 I'd place some more But we only escort 3 And since I played that twice That's probably enough for the moment How about this? All right That should be enough 767 Wiod in brown And here's Boko Hello Hey Neil, how's it going? Great Listen, you hit home with me when you played that General at Highlight Uh-huh I spent 31 years in Buffalo And I can't quite check the Sabers fever Well, I got to help a team And I'm going to tell you if they get by Ottawa, which I was a tough game last night But if they get by them and they get Barnaby back then they're going to be real tough Yeah, you know what you're talking about real hockey fans And unless you're from that part of the United States I mean, I played hockey for a long time And you got to be real hockey fans when you come from that There's so many great teams And so much great history up there And General at is easily one of the best So if you could do me a favor You could play another one I mean, I've been down here for your half I haven't heard the guy, you know I've been away from the Sabers for like a year now And I miss them and to hear that guy's voice It's just magic Yeah And great show Neil, appreciate it It is Take care See you Okay, so we want to play all the pentacles again More with Rick Generate We have an open line in dates 6229463 Welcome to hockey central Now that the playoffs have started You don't think we're going to be doing this every day for nine weeks Do you? Maybe? Maybe not. We'll see We'll see. We'll see what directives come down From the operational on a course And they are going to be directing our topics on a show You know, I have like a fortune cookies and Chinese restaurants Like the Emerald Coast And they have little love What we're going to be doing is passing out fortune cookies You crack what open it's got the topic for your show that day And we just pass them around Here we go Here's the bowl of pick one out And a topic too Here's a mobile in North Lauderdale Hello Hey Neil Yes sir Yeah, can I make a request? It's all request Friday I want to hear that That's because everybody's in a great mood That the pack is on like fit on the roof Yeah, if I work with packs and you mean that one? Yeah, the going song The go-it-o for the go-it-o Yeah, okay happy pace off Thanks, Jim. Yeah, there you go Another Jew Just like Jim Skyler Boca Brian All the Hitler If I was but taxon Yeah, the deal Yeah, the deal Oh All day long, guys Be the boor-bom If I was that taxon going Oh I'd buy up all the stations Like the life of Lovin Zeta I can see an IOT I'd have loads of money in the bank A knowing was a go-it-o like Roy I'd have a radio network And nobody carries But everyone has the run the spots TV cable Real estate I've all known I'd have a half a dozen Big ep stations And 607 am stations too And that's Justin Hall And they'll all alone Oh If I was but taxon Yeah, the deal All day long, guys Be the boor-bom If I was more taxons boy I'd be rich of all that Yeah, the deal Yeah, the deal Yeah, the deal Yeah, the deal I'd have shackles You know what I mean I'd be richer than the freakin' queen When high-zinger would be pernincreme If I was that taxon going I'd buy up all the stations Like the life of Lovin Zeta I'd buy up all the lines Watch your thinking You'd buy up all the stations You'd buy up all the stations You'd buy up all the stations You'd buy up all the stations You'd buy up all the stations Yeah, the deal Yeah, the deal Yeah, the deal Here we are Here we are What's in it? What is it? How is our couple of seconds to light gold That's right? It's only one man down The marift weeks Only boxes and food Okay, Rick, you had to write again Have it another stroke Here's a man that said 14,285 strokes And he's still low and sure And on that red poster He's okay in my book We have an open line And Broward has in two of them 7679463 After the news We're going to play the Tap of the Contratops between Irene Richard and Harry penis and a hallway That occurred about an hour ago It was incredible We have it on Tap and we've been planning for it Coming up tonight Bruce Williams Yandra 610 WIOD Miami Ford Lonerdale Oh boy It's the one to two hour Hey Do you want to run faster Jump higher And make the blind see again Why do you want to move like the wind So like an eagle and raise people from that dead Huh? Yeah But there's only one shoe that will do We don't need air Jesus Jesus Just put a pair on What build is your game is a miracle Oh Oh He got a lot Two boys to get out Why are we Air Jesus Yeah Why? You just lose the button man You just lose the button man You just lose the button man You just lose the button man You just lose the button man You just lose the button man You just lose the button man Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus lies in the soul The pet and his cushion jailer Is filled with avion Carefully laid it at the scene So every part of your foot is always Walking on water Sorry Now he's possible for anyone Is jailer than turns to why And come and see Look for the only air Jesus Cross traitors Air Jesus It makes you feel like you're born again Oh Happy pace, I'll see you later It was the last supper One at you One or three at Wildes So by the way speaking to the last supper Thanks again to Poio Trapi College This is great stuff Not only to pork any onions But I just figured since I'm eating Tray anyway I might as well walk across the table They're in Trab one of these Are these the Afried Yuka Yuka Frita Oh man Those are good You have to Huh? But when you first put it in your mouth It's a little bit You know bland But then as you start like You know kind of chewing on it And getting the absorbing all the flavors And rolling it around In your post Hmm Seriously It tastes like Like a like spick french fries You don't want to say I had one in my mouth once We have an open line in date 622Wild We have an in-brower 7679463 So evidently Somebody stole the tape We had a tape of Irene Richard And our new program director Harry Peanus We are Don growg finden the right amount Thought you don't pay to not accidentally You were asking You guys are so interesting These two are the young guy And I hope a little bitرorn And the other guy Colin Relax And we finished with both of those Just fold the tape He pile the tape Oh Mine Pause Ok Stop I'll get this I got this I got this Oh, see got this punish me again. Oh, God. Oh, I did was get up to walk across the table I'm at you could just stuck in my crawl Oh God Yeah, you better take over the show Man, I may need Heinlek Opened out while we need you to hide your Heinlek hammer. Okay, we have an open line and day it's 62 that is good stuff by the way that fried you come one Here's a second little piece stuck in my throat There it is. Uh-huh. Oh, am I turning purple yet? All right It's turning purple. Here's candle. Hello Neil yeah, yeah, yes, hey I'd like to thank you for turning me on miraslav shaton. It's me number 81 on the Edmonton Oilers I mean on a buffalo saber. Sarks used me for saying that oh there did you see that it just popped out and And a little piece of you could just pop right out. Huh? Slimey look at it. Oh Go ahead. I'm sorry Just want to say thanks for turning me on to the Edmonton diet and how you doing on it 15 pounds in counting all right Oh, there's more in there. I didn't call the to make I didn't call the kiss up I called the make a shameless request I don't hear the What's that right? I'm sorry you guys got going that's great radio. I didn't Listen to Neil die in the air. I'm just picking it. Yeah, what is it? Do you got that two joint song? More yeah I'd love to hear it. I got two joints how about you? I hope so. Okay. Thanks. Have a great day. Thanks, but this is not make believe it's your fault Two year to want to make me this big food It's a damn spikken spiracy Man, you want to go in there and time like you. Yeah, right Go ahead. Go ahead. Get CT back Get it stuck in there On Passover no less how to help you and you fake God out when you got the evidence stuck in your throat And that you could too It's in there deep all time Would to Three When you be hardworking man For my mind, she wants to meet And you're so diverse you can But then one day I met him I gave him me and said Hard work, good And hard work fine But first take care of hands So now I'm both too young When I get up Okay All right, both too young I spoke to joints when I'm the video game And that every 10,000 points Are you? I spoke to joints It's time I'll feel As doing time well Yeah, good I spoke to joints He brought us onto joints And there I spoke to more Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Oh My daddy was so nice And you're so big Hardworking man For my mind, she wants to meet And you're so diverse you can But then one day I met him And I said Hard work, good And hard work fine But first take care of hands That's why I spoke to joints He brought us onto joints I spoke to joints He brought us onto joints He brought us onto joints He brought us onto joints He brought us onto joints He brought us onto joints He brought us onto joints He brought us onto joints He brought us onto joints He brought us onto verbal He brought us onto stupidmer Let's go Oh So there's no touch Oh And drown Nice So can we talk for each one Okay One Senate W I O Day. We have two open lines. In a day 6 to 29463622WI O Day. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes. I am curious. I just started the deck. Excuse me. The deck and it's diet. I'm sorry. The I can fight and pretty much hurt a lot of it on your show and I started it. And lunchtime, I can't find a place that I can go to lunch without cheating. Why can't you have an omelet? Well, places I go. Usually don't have breakfast at lunchtime. Or how about a nice big cheeseburger with no bun? No, I've done that. They can start. I've heard that there are certain restaurants that cater towards that or recognize that. The cater the egg and is diet? Not that I know. Not cater but recognize it has certain foods that are under the menu. It's not type thing. I don't know if you've ever heard of it. Well, I know Lorenzo has that the catillion grill over there that catillion restaurant they have atcons meals that they prepare over there. That's probably what I heard it from. Yeah. I was just curious because I've heard rumors about it but I never heard an actual name of restaurant. But I mean, you can go like you can go right up. I don't know where you are. For lower delirious sunrise. Oh. But I mean, I'm thinking like where I'm here on Sheraton. You could go right up the street here to, well, fees which is our sponsor of course and get like a nice big cheeseburger with no bun or you go up to steak and a elegant nice steak and a salad and stick to it. Is that really that hard? There's a brilliant things you can eat on it. Well, I've read the man news and things that you can eat and can't eat but it's, you know, I'm stuck to fast food because I don't have that much time. Yeah. You know, you're through Wendy's drive through tell me why to double ship bacon cheeseburger at can style though. They'll take off the bun. I'll just give it to you in the foil wrap. Oh, they will. They will. Okay. Well, I appreciate your time. So if there is the will, there's a way. Yes, there is. Okay. Good luck. Thank you sir. Bye bye. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. I'm a seven, nine, four, six, three, seven, six, seven, seven, W. Y would demand. Am I feeling great? That came last night. This delicious lunch today. Although we didn't pay for this lunch. That's bad. It is one of our fine sponsors. That makes it okay. Oh, and speaking of that, I don't want to get somebody very, very upset because she frowns on us talking about our dryers and about our face and about our bad, too bad bitch. But anyway, so yesterday, yesterday afternoon my good friends from Aqua, then came by and put me in a system. They took out the old piece of direct that was in there. And it just dawned on me. You know, I talked about the fact that they came and they took the sample of the water out of the tap and they showed me all the chlorine in there. That was still the system that I had in there before. For last five years, which even I had like a re-filter to whatever it would tell you to do to it. And there was still a lot of chlorine in my water with a filter with a system. So you can imagine if you don't have any system, the stuff that's coming out of your tap. This is not a spot, but just a testimonial because they did a fantastic job. They were there less than an hour. And they put in a beautiful system and other water in my ice cubes and the tap and everywhere in the house, you could just spritz yourself with it. It's great. So thanks a lot, guys. John and P.K. was at his name, P.O.P. He was a good guy. Did a great job and we appreciate it. And I paid for it by the way. Don't want to get you outside. I paid for it. Plenty sweetheart. Here's a mobile in high, Lee. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Yes, sir. Great. Good. Just happen to catch any highly involved with Mindra. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did do a few years ago. I did do me a few years ago. I did a few years ago. I did like do that. I did it. Um, well experienced works at the Concours Card案. I did. I did it. 1, 2, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 6, 6, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 6, 6, 4, 6, 4, 6, 4, 4, 4, 6, 4, 4, 4, $36,000.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.05.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.- policy turning.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.11 really suck in a big one. You guys really blow. Two nothing man. It really stick to join up. Might as well throw in the towel. I just finished reading the article from Dick Burton and what he said about you. It's very nice. Yes, it was. And I want to tell you one more thing. Why is my favorite Dick and Detroit? Yes, I smoke to joints at the center and two when they open the door and as he's in pace, I'll steal you. One more thing. And the octopuses don't take the octopuses. Trace. Yeah. Yeah. That I hope that they get fill him. We back to. Yeah. That would be nice. Who? They anybody? I miss him. Okay. Thanks. See you. Yeah. Phil's coming to Detroit. We have an open line in date in Detroit. Six to two nine four six three. In fact, Phil will be here on Monday. There's a guy that's a pressure. He's the general in the army. He's the one that started to hold the first World War. There's the pressure guy. And he must know that Phil will be coming. Here's plantation. Hello. Your Rogers. Yes, sir. God. I got a request for you that's going to put this down on its rear on his ass on its rectum. Yes, except when they went nuts over that intersection. Don't have it. Don't have it. I mean somewhere, but I don't have it like at my finger to you got to dig it out. That's the best. Don't have it. Hey, since Brook isn't going to be here Monday and Tuesday, maybe Bokeh do the night. There you go. There's a thought. We have an open line in Broward 7679 463 767. W. I need sure be good. I'm good to see my good old friend Bill's temper again down the road. Wanted. Here's a lady in Rob pombie. Chillow. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi. Yes. There's an open listen to your show for a few weeks now. I've been here from Ireland. Yes, you're from Ireland. Yeah. Oh, but a great place to be from. Yeah. Yeah. So I told you. Wow, you're the one to cut out. That's right. I was wondering, would you? I was just in your program a few weeks ago and yeah. Thanks, tonight to Reagan, Mortis and you know, other kind of you know, sounds alone that line. Right. I was wondering would you take that for me and send that to me and well, come, please. Would I take it like personally? Would George, would he take it for me? Absolutely. If you send Georgia couple of bucks, he'll do almost anything. Certainly. No problem. Okay. Hang on. And George will tell you exactly where to stick it. I mean, we're descended. Hang on. Thank you. Hang on. Okay. Line 12. Take your her and charge your double. So anyway, Mark Hoffman just still came by and said I was not the marketing elevator who said that last night, but if you anyway, just for the hell of it. Oh, look at look at this. Look at that. Oh, my God. That is one of the most amazing things I have ever yanked out of a folder in my life. Look at that. Wow. Look at the size of that thing. Okay. Here's a pepper pine. Hello. Yes, sir. You're a several of us wanting to do important things. I talked about hockey. Yeah. And we got women come for their husbands to play Pizz at present pitch for the 20 million times. I know, exact. That bitch is dead. I'm bereaveable. I don't have a voice as you can tell. Here we go. Four seconds worth. That's enough. I don't have a voice left from you and at the game last night. Yeah. It was wonder wasn't at a great time man. That was what it's all about. That was just I loved it. These guys, I'm telling you that it's the most untold story in the history of the human race. That chemistry is back. These guys are playing as a team. Everybody did their partnership, Eddie. And it was it was dynamite. Well, let's hope that. And you know, to something by the way, the coach took my advice. He puts Strocka in there. He put you know who on a bench. And if he just doesn't mess with this line up, if everybody stays healthy. And if he just leaves this line up in here, man, we're going to kick ass. Oh, let's talk about that a little bit of the time. Yeah, I'm in home. I want to hear that I want to hear, you know, keep the energy going. Right. Put on scat calls, right? Mm. Guy calls up. He's going on all great game this and that. You know, you're mean, you're the rap man, do you? Sorry. The first call was the rap man. Now, this was a little way into the program. You're talking about the one about how come they didn't play any on the killing penalty. How come he didn't do this? How come he didn't do that? How could it take a few minutes? We won the game convincingly. Plus Eddie stuck to join out to less. We saw him the better off. We were. Thank you. Right. Thank you. And Eddie, Eddie, see ya. See ya. Bye, bye, Eddie. You know, just a pack of a sandwich and let him watch. Now, the people sitting this on me did note that you left the game with 45 points. That is absolutely correct. And you know, something I make no apologies because we we got out of there with no traffic. It was a little higher drive in home. And that's the only smart way to go. And you know, the reason I do that. And I've said this before is because we're not down that many rows, but we're down our few rows and roll our. Right. The people on the left end on the near the, near the doorway. There, they, they don't like to leave. They want to stay there until everybody has left the building. So trying to get out of there at the end of the game, they just kind of stand there like dead people at the end and prevent you from like really scooting out of their fast. So you always have to get out with like about 30 seconds a minute to go. And then even if it's very close and exciting, you stand up by the handicapped and watch, but at least you have a chance to make a dash for it. Well, no, you're right. There was one guy though in my section, left with 10, 20 ink left to go. Oh, nice. Very nice. Come on. You know, we need to do. I could get, usually the trouble makers. And I don't know, but your section, but definitely a mine. My section was great last night. I commend them highly. And if they just keep it up, we'll give them a medal at the end of the playoffs. If it's the people who the seed owners give the tickets to us. But right now you're talking those corporate the ticket owners to give them to a bunch of assholes. Then we got problems. Amen. That's right. If you're naming on the ticket, you don't sit in the seat. Right. Guys, guys, I like that. We don't call a rattle. All right. Right now. I'm see you. We have it all not yet. Let's get worked up for them. Okay, that's the ways off. They're going to be tough. They're going to be dynamite. Like I said yesterday, don't take those guys lightly. They are deep. They are deep. You could dig a hole to China and not be as deep as the Colorado Lanch. They are a Lanch. And we have an open line on the out of town line, by the way. One triple eight four seven four. This is what Moishi out there in Pembroke Pines is worried about today is he's driving home on a hot brutal day from work. He's worried about us. He have tickets for the game on Sunday and probably don't. And he's worried about his Neil going to be here on Monday to play the highlights from the game. Just in case it's really great and to whip everybody up into our friends. He again is we win four to one on Sunday and take a two-zip lead over to Rangers. Go to New York next Tuesday and Wednesday or whatever it is. His Neil going to be here on Monday. Well, why think are we? Last time I checked. You know what I say, F Neil. Here's that's what I heard the game last night that's it's going around F Michael Corleon, F Neil. Bob Neil. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil. You're certain. A couple things real quick. Great game. I think I'm glad he smashed Grecky. They banged a man Billy Lindsey smacked him. Oh, watch whacked him. He's whacked a man. I don't think too. The image requests. I want to hear that if you can't please the Star Wars Cantina. I think it is. Oh, Mike. That one. Good. And closing. Every single one to bring you to go over to bring you to Garry Know what. I'm going to bring a big fat blunt so you can smoke it up there. Okay. Sounds like a weiner to me. Bob. Is it? Yeah. All right. Oh, I can't turn him down on that. Star Wars Cantina already put that thing away. Oh, but hey, when you get an offer like that, when you get an offer like that, I realize it isn't very stimulating for those who want to do heavy duty topics into one or like, uh, you know, move the audience in particular directions and manipulate the audience and do a real bunch of contrived stuff. You know, something I don't believe in contrived stuff. I just believe in doing a show. I don't believe in doing contrived stuff because quite frankly, it's boring. And to me, the number one offense that you can do when you're doing a show that's supposed to be entertaining is put everybody into a coma and bore them to tears. Okay, with all the respects to all these experts they brought in here to the consultant that is girlfriend and everybody else. I know they know a lot better than we do because this station is sure, but a massive failure these last eight years has the George. It's a miracle that we somehow managed to stay on here with our seven eight cheers. It's a freaking miracle. That's what Bob Neal said. Yeah, well, screw Bob Neal. Okay. What he knows about radio, you could stick in his rectum and have room for the Chinese army left over and the go. I'm god, Almighty Bob Neal, what a joke that is. Where the hell is that Star Wars cantina? What this is that? 49? I sure hope not for his sake. Because if it's 49, he's got some real toys. It's cut 17. I'll tell you that. Okay, let's go through. Let's do this again. Okay, I found it. Damn it. Okay, so get your blunt ready pal because I found it. 143 at WIOD. Hey, asshole. So Have to get to all the runs So they stopped into more silently To have a drink with fun at the start Once I was kept in the house Don't wear the screeches You've never seen a He has the star was stopped Don't wear the skin Tina Music and wisters And old Jedi masters at the star Who have to pass for lo? He was a pilot With the faster that it's done And a smile well-possessed Why there with you vodka He wasn't lucky They met with looking only one About the millennium Fuckin' dark in the 90s But I just don't choose For Xam Dazdor With the flash of Ben's lights There's nothing on the ground The stars Don't wear the skin Tina Don't wear the screeches You've never seen a He has the star Worse, star was the skin Tina Music and wisters And old Jedi masters at the star House, ice, taste, or You won't ever find The more wretched hide Come and live in It was because His name was Yoda He wasn't my Ben He Dark better was so bad And by the way, he's loose that He kissed his sister His hand got caught In that galaxy, fuck away Lucas had a lousy day But but that was so me Jabba had bad hygiene Oh, white didn't they all just relax Back on time to eat At the star was Keptine Don't wear the screeches You've never seen a He And the star was Keptine Music and wisters And old Jedi masters at the star You can't get babies What do you want? Oh, what's the star? How Jennifer doing by the way Enter a Griffin and doll You can't go back One fifty WI was happy He had to be happy He had to be happy He had to be happy He was kind of Hello Hey, how are you doing? Great You got Listen No, yesterday all these Ranger fans called They're all gone They all vanished They all disappeared And finally today you get all these Panther fans to call All the ranger people are quiet All of a sudden the Panther people are All of a sudden they're like all over the place Oh yeah, here we go Don't do it I can't be don't like to Miami He's gone Why? I can't be like the NBA It's not for me Well, see I didn't like the NBA until He's gone, be right Yeah And then just start watching a little bit And then I'll be starting to see what he's done To this team Yeah, incredible And I say it again I don't like professional basketball So I'm not going to be a phoning I do like Dave Halberstein though Yeah Good guy Yeah, racist I mean You know what I mean Like I said he's a great guy I I anti-Semitic friend No, the last time I called you was about a year ago And I'm the half-rock half-hoolio Yeah, and what happened And I'm full circumcised You're still one Circumcised? Oh, like I said I knew I could smell it was a problem So I know I'm one circumcised It's cut off No, you're circumcised You don't even know what you are I'm what? Unbelievable Well listen, get a search party And go find it in Call of Spac Okay, let's go to Miami Hello Miami Buenos dias We'll see if I wait a long time And I'll just nobody there But if I wait a long time Here's a Hollywood on a mobile Hello Miami Wake up Miami Yeah, they're dead They're dead Listen We beat the Rangers We did We kicked our effigens Once again Wake, we back to him That's right We did it New and the Fitzgerald line Unbelievable Yeah Well which line wasn't unbelievable They all played great He didn't hear my her was great Melon B was great Garper law was great Kirk Muller was great Marty Strakow was flying out there Everybody was sensational Lindsey was kicking ass Fitzgerald Everybody I don't want to leave No names You left the business But still Well the B's are I mean Ecos without saying B's are like a religion He really kicked some ass Listen I got one that a request for you And I really don't know the name from it It's about this guy that's going to propose to a girl But he ends up with a big bell It's before he proposes I forgot that name I don't know if you recall that one Burp Enders Oh that's long gone man Is it? Call out the coast and maybe they'll play it for you Oh no Maybe typical play it for on the phone Okay well listen and closing Maybe you can put the new phone New what? Uh The new one New God I mean that disgusting thing where it says I want to hear a new one Which is God damn it in a couple of times After a victory like check on my You got to put that one at least Yeah And closing Neo Uh Dale Yeah Dale You Okay Oh my god Yo, she's in this guy wants to request W-I-O-D Oh, Neil God Oh Yeah God Oh God More power than else president say man Yeah, I'm the most powerful god damn man in the world Yeah, I am Oh Yeah God Oh God More power than else president say man Yeah, I'm the most powerful god damn man in the world So let me correct her But there's a made out of people Oh Oh, that's beautiful Thanks for never being here To get that taste and smell How do you feel? Well 86% of newborn boys in this country are circumcised He procedure is widely performed without any sort of anesthesia Oh I have no prep here I'm going on here Oh Yeah God Oh God Oh Oh God Oh Oh Oh Oh Yeah God Oh God Oh God Oh Oh Oh Oh I will ask patronize blockbuster Any other company that perpetuates this kind of behavior You've got to ask Oh Oh Yeah Oh Oh It's me again It's an orange on provocateur Oh, yeah I don't have a bolt spot Oh, hey I think I'll much help me Oh, I know that before You can work like where are your writers? Father O2 God Oh God Oh God Oh It's their married contract You know Oh God Oh God How's that hand job? No one can I have no reason I don't do my job as well When I'm comfortable They doesn't want that It's great radio I am that hemorrhage Only have a longer cord than a piece of crab Look how short this damn thing I'm going to take this cord And I'm going to cover it up his hand Oh, no This place operates like a freaking nuthouse It really does I want to be left the freak alone Okay God, I'm in my position God of four, dummy men To look for the kill Oh Yeah God God Oh, she did their feet on They're doing that crap again I'll dare to go God Yeah Oh, yeah God Oh God Oh, power that nail presidenciement I'm the most powerful God they're man in the world So let me correct her Oh, right Oh, yes, we do Oh, I Wait, you scared us more If all of us through Wait We'll have your Stanley Cup It's true Oh, man There's we love you Long history now We love you, man Oh, right Oh, right Oh, my God Oh, my God Oh, my God Oh, my very favorite Yes, I am God, now and be aware of that Oh, we love you, man Oh, yes, we do Squared squared Oh, where you be, ready for And rember two And that's your handicap Was cool Oh, still in the way we love you Just wake up You've lost our peppers so easy to love Because they play with us a heart We love you, angel You can't be be You've hurt And when you've started to rise In the dream Oh, all of our energy Wicked, gleam Job and ask, he can't be be I'd be loving you, neither mind You really blew