Rock, 6-10 W-I-O-D. Neal Rogers. While you're goofing off, it works. So what was kind of a non-sequitor was that, as an excuse to take a shot? What the hell was that? 6-10 W-I-O-D. You call that a born-again penis? Does lick up? Seems like glintin' Dunn with it out. Should ball and jump, his treasure trowels. He said honey, will you buy a cake? Come on and kiss my one-eye snake. He says no, she says yes. And she could ruin it if he had a dress. Will buy nuts, who's right around? Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see. Let's see, let's see, let's see. Just lick up. The bitch to me, just your bitch, come on, don't you? I like it. Let's see, let's see, let's see. Let's see, let's see, let's see. What the good of that? To the shabber's right, we're moron. On his jokes, I ask you a peer to thank you for the knob job. You've been doing it in my re-election campaign for the state of Arkansas. He's a key-seeing governor. What I mean is, don't blow job security by going down to the private sector. I'm the great, I don't follow you, sir. I don't care, I'm the split with James K. Or give a damn, if Rubber was gay. This blacker dignity, kiss me, kiss. What the hell now? Hey, hey, hey, hey. Show a show, sir. Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see. Hey, could I have left this dimension, bears come and on? Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see. What the good of that? To the shabber's right, we moron. Let's go, I ask, let's, we won't be. Go on, boy. I had a picnic day. One day she flew away. To tea you want to wear the moon is blue. Double is blue. But with our right wing censorship, there are words that must have slid. To do it how you how I feel far came. Thank you for your time. As you see, K-O-U-U-O-O. I'll see you with T-O-O-O-T-O. How is you see K-O-U-I-V-S-R-I-S-R-E-Stay? And the FCC won't let me sing this song. I wrote you, day now, if you see K-O-U-Taker hand. Tell you, say, that after this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days old. If you see K-O-U-U-U-U-I-R-I, then I'll see you with T-O-O-O-O-O-T-O-O-T-O-O-T-O-T-O-O. 10-O-4-W-I-O-T-Hepi-Wends-Day-To-All, and to all a great day. Man, is this a day or is this a day, huh? It's another day as we continue counting them down. A deend-va, et cetera, chettiti, piache. Don't start with that Russian crab, man. If it else is going to know what it's all about. Don't tell me, Mirri is making more changes to that log again. God, we wouldn't want to be doing that. Home Depot's fault. Yeah, well don't be having all that stuff fall down, please. So at any rate, I'm going to, uh, I lied. I'm just never going to mention it. Well, I don't have to mention it in a name on here. Do I? Miss Antichrist? Walter Sabos, uh, other, uh, quarter? Whatever the hell she is? By the way, she is very cute. Just ask her. She'll tell you on the air. She's cute. Do you think she's cute? I think she's like a non-descript. I think it would be the best. The best compliment I could pay would be non-descript. That's a high compliment. Exactly. But at any rate, so last night was the definitive, I mean, I just, I'm bursting at the seams. I could sit here and ramble on for four hours and I just might. I just might do it because I'm like really just bursting, like I said, at the, at the, at the thing today. I heard last night the definitive. They, they, I mean, it was the Walter Sabos, Harry Penis format to a tee and it was enough to make you either scream, laugh, cry, or all of them. So yesterday, of course, Rick was offered his birthday. Don't do it again soon, Rick. Not while I'm still here. And Rick was on a course in Brook, uh, we love, we like Brook. Don't we? Yeah, we like Brook. But at any rate, so they moved everybody up on a schedule. And we had, uh, the unmechanical one from six to nine and ski for Rimski, whatever his name is for nine and midnight. So Karen, uh, what's your name is on their last night? And she's, she's doing this Sabo formula where she takes one little article from a newspaper. Remember the one about the engagement ring, of course. Did that guy ever get the nine grand back or the ring or both? We don't know. In Kansas, let's find out. Let's talk about that today. What do you think? W-Y-O-T. Hello? You think you ought to get to money back or what? Yeah. Okay. Thank you. So at any rate, uh, she goes on. She's got this story about these two dikes that want to adopt a kid who's like we've started that nobody else wants. He's in the foster home. And she's reading this little blurb out of the newspaper. I mean, this formula, it's unbelievable. You take a little kind of like sidebar story that nobody really gives all that much of a crap about. And you make a show out of it. And you insist and you keep reading it and reading it and reading it and reading it and just hanging it and pounding it and clanging it and just insisting. You're going to talk about this even if you're all gone. Even if everybody turned it off, you're still going to talk about it. God damn it. Oh, by the way, Roger crotch is quoted the week. Did you see this for a George? You see this this week? Yes, play it by the way. I like it a lot though. I think it fits into a tea like a glove, like a rubber glove. Roger's quoted the week is the best way to get back at your enemies is with tremendous success and of quote. We plan on a Roger. So at any rate, and then there's like no calls. So I'm like mesmerized. I'm in the car, but it's one of those deals where you don't want to get out of the car. Not because it's entertaining, not because it's interesting, not because it's fascinating. But because it is so embarrassing, I'm just asking myself, how can this be? And she's like training these other underlings. These other people who don't belong on the air. She's training them in the formatics of this. It's like talk radio in a box. It's like, you know how you have like instant tea and instant coffee. And you put them in a cup and you just add hot hot boiling water. Just take any one of these goofballs off the street, especially if they happen to be the girlfriend of the consultant and put them on the air and put hot boiling water. And all of a sudden, pull through a taco or host this as the case may be. And she's going on and on. So I think this is just ridiculous. I mean, if they are loving family, if anybody want to adopt this kid, okay, six, two, two, two, W-Y-O-D, 7-6-7. And on and on and on and on with this dribble with this dribble. And I'm thinking to myself, in my wildest nightmares, I could never have believed. And I'm also that little part of my mind is thinking how close I came to stick it around this joint. I mean, this is like something out of an insane asylum. I mean, is this really their idea of something that's going to work in this market? Where we've had all the kind of talk that we've had for the last 20-some years, 30-some years. Going back to Alan Courtney, rest in pieces. And the dean and all these other everything that's gone down to Pike and they think that they can pedal. This half-baked bunch of bull crap that somebody is fooling somebody that you take something out of the paper and just keep reading it over and over and over and over again. And it's just like so finally, just before I was going to get out of the car, finally, some inoretative Julio calls in named Havier. I sure hope you're listening, Havier, but I'm sure you're not. Havier, I'll never forget this guy's long as I live. And he's going on, of course, he's obviously the expert on Faggs. And he's going on about, well, though, this is unnatural and it's against God's law. And there's no love involved, there it's just lust. It's only lust. And she gave him kind of a half-baked, very weak answer. Because first of all, as soon as you hear that it's the voice of a Julio, and his name was Havier, you know, that he's a victim of brainwashing from the time he was born about those evil Faggs. Even though he's probably been rubbing up against trees and guys whatever he can when his wife ain't looking. Oh, he has a wife, you know. But at any rate, and so then when it gets to the end after we finally get rid of Havier, it's like, oh, I'm either only one. Am I the radical one to down here? Yeah, you're radical, Karen, there's nobody else down here to the left of it. Tillah the Han. This is the first time that anybody has dared to express such an opinion in the history of talk radio in his town. It's all new. It's all revolutionary. We're a guest. We just can't believe it. We're sitting here almost speechless. Now, are they doing like real, you can tell me this. Are they doing extensive like heavy duties screening on those shows? Is this also part of the formula of the calls? Yes. Because I'm knowing this audience the way I do. And I know I'm like the pama my foot. I cannot believe that there is nobody out there calling her or some of these people and saying, Well, you get off this already. Don't you understand you've been banging it for 40 minutes. And nobody cares. Don't you get it? Who are you kidding man with this phony, uh, instant talk formula if you're as man. Nobody cares. Nobody gives a crap. And I'm thinking of myself, are these people really that dumb that they don't understand that if you take one narrow, little tiny thing. And you keep and you say this is all we're going to keep banging this. We don't want to hear nothing else. This is all we're going to talk about that it's like the, it's like sending an engraved invitation to everybody who might be in the audience saying, Hey, goodbye because we got nothing here. You're going to want to hear about. It is unfreaking believable. What am I so exercised about here today? I don't know. I'm just, I'm just almost in disbelief that anybody could be this dumb as this crowd. It's, it's just amazing. When you think of all the people that we've had in the fill-hentries and, uh, you know, some of the other people and even Uggabuga, the people that worked and swatted their brains in their balls off in this place. And now it's come to this to this kassimia florida, a formula with the boy at the hot boiling water. And by the way guess who the latest rumors are that it's going to be doingển And by the way, Guess who the latest rumors are that it's going to be doingển mid day, if they were finally singed by to make it twox Whoo, boat, boat, boat, boat, boat, boat, boat, boat, boat, boat, boat, boat. And by the way guess who the latest rumors are that it's going to be. to do unmid day if they were finally singed by to make magic. We get those, those, those, those, those, you get that just pralam. I know, that guy can handle that. So what do you think about this, what's the guy's name Chuck confer e that off themselves? The heavens gate guys who are like, they waited. They had to leave their, uh, what do they call it? vehicles. They had a destroy their vehicles so they could move into Uranus and do their thing. Okay? On Reliable CNN's haven't a field they were by the way. They've had these video tape things that they left behind. They've had them on like morning, noon and night, over and over again. More of these good religionists, man who are waiting to leave their vehicles and move their outer space to their thing. Out of your vehicle and into your eye, into Uranus. In fact, remember that out of the closet into the streets, Ellen should be screaming at out of your vehicle into Uranus. That's the new deal with the heavens, gate heavens, call whatever. Another one of these stupid religions just like all the other ones. Hey, Harvey air, how are you doing? If Harvey air calls by the way, we'll put him on immediately. But you don't have the balls to do it. He's listening. We know you're listening, Harvey air. You're probably a closet queen too. Someone called to say that they're filming a Wendy's commercial in the Grove and Dave from Wendy's is listening to us right now. Dave Thomas from Wendy's is listening right now. Yes. Well, guess what Dave Thomas I love your food. You got great food of all the fast food joints. You got the best. But, but how about hiring some like people with an IQ bigger than their shoe size? Okay. I realize we have a lot of this EEO EEO E whatever. They call it these days. A lot of pressures to hire like certain minorities in your joints. But it would be very nice just one time, just one time to drive away from one of your establishments and find about a mile down the road when you open up the sack that the stuff is in there that you ordered. I mean, is even in the same family. Okay. We'll be very nice, Dave. So we love your product, but we hate your help. How do you like that? Including the one out there by the sawgrass by me. And the one over here on Hollywood Boulevard. And the one on Hollywood Boulevard where they really bone this big time that first time. Sure did. And then we're going to make up for it with free food, but stay never did. Not that we would store for free food, but we will. Especially those chicken clubs. Right. Especially those icons. And we do also appreciate the fact that Wendy's is the one place where they'll give you the stuff like atkins style without the bun. So we appreciate that, Dave. We love Wendy's, but all your help really blows. Okay. If you actually had some help in there that knew what they were doing, you'd probably trip up your business, Dave. And by the way, lose some weight. Well, yeah. Hey, it's kind of like Brooke. You know, he's a nice, but could afford to lose a few pounds. 10 14 at WOD just like me, could afford to lose 50 pounds. Hey, listen, speaking of losing something. If you're losing your hair guys, you know, a lot of young guys lose their hair. And it's like embarrassing, you know, like 25 years old and you got this gigantic bald spot. Maybe, you know, you got Wayne's money, right? Sure, likely story, but you don't want to look like Wayne even if he had his money. You don't want to zits. You don't want that gigantic bald spot. It's out. When telly savallist died, they put to rest the bald look. So if you want to look great at a price that you can afford, headed Charles Alphayeri for just 800 bucks, you can make your hair look like it's growing right out of your scalp with the best, most natural looking system anywhere in the universe. And Charles knows that the real secret of any natural look in system is regular servicing. That's why service visits at the Charles Alphayeri studios are affordably priced at only 25 bucks. Not 60 bucks like the other joint sok you. And while you wait, Charles will add here to your present system. And only 25 bucks an hour. It'll adjust the color for only 10 bucks. Charles can even revive the wave and curl to make it look natural again. Even if you bought your piece, some place else. So if you want to look like a mench, if you want to look and feel years younger, here's the real way to do it at an affordable price. The Charles Alphayeri studio, 4390 north federal highway between Oakland and commercially has been doing it for over 25 years. Even for multi-millionaires, they don't this is the best system you can buy. Call them in Broward 928 1755 928 1755 or toll free from anywhere. It's 1-800-321-2413 1-800-321-2413 16 WIOD. We've replaced the tire of old morning show with a tire new morning show. I can't say to me, do you have any receipts like a warning thing? I go, let's make some up now. But don't think that I'm collecting things when I'm driving places. Yes, I spent 12 hours per gas. You don't say that? I don't say anything. I have a little bag that I just dropped the receipts in. I get a little bag too, but I'm taking stuff out of it. 1-1 16 WIOD. The opinions expressed on WIOD are those of Neal Rogers. I can people believe this crap, you know what? There are other opinions. Yeah, no. It's not for long. 610 WIOD. 1018 a WIOD were reinventing talk radio, or reinventing a boredom, or reinventing stuff that is so hacky and so tried and so unbelievable that there are no words to describe it. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. Dr. Diantha Lottis, Cacti Pujavash, Evodna. Great. Yeah, Neal. Yes. Why are you even getting upset over, uh? I didn't say I was upset. I'm just, uh, worked up. Not upset. There's a difference. I'm not upset. I'm just amazed and astonished and shocked and almost speechless. Well, Neal, from now on I'm going to switch to dial over to 1400 and listen to Craig. Great. Because it's just it's, uh, pounder, it's in terminal. Have you ever heard anything like it in your life? I mean, it's so obvious. Even a child can hear what this attempt is to this formula. Take, take a little article, get it on a year. This is your topic and just keep reading it over and over and over and beating it and pounding it and playing it and just championing it and screaming about it. And even if nobody in the world gives a crap, it's just, uh, that's it, man. That's it. When they find out no one's listening. Um, Well, and believe me, trust me when I tell you they will, they will. This, this place is going to all points before long. And if I don't matter, because you'll be long gone and uh, so little listeners, hopefully reconfutter and up some place. Yeah. That uh, well, actually though, I don't, they reconfutter to stay on this station. I'll just turn the dial at night. Okay. Have a great day. Yeah. And thanks for calling 610. Yeah. Wiods. Yes. Me. I, uh, of course, we need to back. We have an open line of day at 6222 all three Broward lines are open 7679463. We had every line on their lift for a couple of seconds at it. This is the deal this week. I guess they must be real busy. They must be really, really busy. Not slanting tonight 9 to 11 also Friday 9 to 11 part 2 only. It's a two-part, uh, return for the time being. Big piece in the paper by Deborah Wilker, no less in the scum center this morning about to return him not slanting briefly for four hours this week. Two hours tonight 9 to 11, two hours on Friday 9 to 11 not slanting returns. Boy, what a great show, huh? Could be one of the greatest shows in this. Do you have television and if you didn't like it, you got no taste. And what about that? Annie, I'm guiding, like what are we going to do about Annie and Riva? Riva is going to jail and Ross, of course, is going to be a prosecuting with case because he's the new district attorney just in time to prosecute Riva for murder and attempted murder and everything else as if we can't see through all of that crap. On Freak and Believable and Annie's on a way to the morgue to get that fetus to make sure that nobody can find it. She in fact, I think she's going to stuff it back in. That would be a good place to hide it. I was asking that the other day, how long can a woman walk around with a dead fetus and a boarded fetus inside her body without getting serious infection and like going into toxic shock and the croaking? There had been historic cases of that where the fetus actually became petrified. And I'm petrified just thinking about it. There forever, you're pretty disgusting. Yeah. Like it gets home mummified. But of course, that's why we call it a soap opera. Okay, it's only make believe. Thank you, Conway. Here's a moment. Was it Conway? What do you said that or was it Roger Crotch? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Wayne is a one. I got a Wendy story. Yeah. Listen, I went through the dry through. Okay, Dave Thomas all pissed off. This came through and so many nice three. Pooves always act one. Yeah. He says, what do you want? I think I was take the baked potato instead of the fries. He says, okay, we're kind of potato. I said a baked potato. We're kind of potato. I said, we're already told us this story. Eight million times. Okay. We have an open line in date. Six to two. Can you believe this guy? We already heard the same story. That this guy's making up. Six to two. W-I-O-D and Dave. We have two open lines in Broward. 767-9463. He's like the guy that called a Rick and Sugs with the same member that guy yesterday. Same story over and over again. And he wants to use the show as a vehicle because he knows Dave Thomas is listening. Okay. I'm sure Dave ain't impressed. Okay. By the way, what kind of potato wasn't? Here's Kendall. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Are you going to watch the heat game tonight? No, I'm not. No. I'm not. I got a Spirey port. Yeah. Pat Cooper is on the Howard's threshold right now. Yeah. Okay. And who cares? How come you're listening to this show? Yeah. Exactly. Okay. Two open lines in date. 6229463. Two in Broward 767-9463. 767-W-I-O-D. Pat Cooper. He's pretty exciting. Went to Allen King coming on. Here's Miami on a mobile. Hello. Neil. Good morning. This sir. Buenas, DS. You hope you just back to you. You are a fresh. You are a fresh. Tractor, breath area. Something like that. I'm so flustered from last night. I was in the same boat you were with this. This Karen. Can you believe this? And they're serious. They really believe that this format is going to fly in this market or any market. They really believe this. They believe this is the way you do a talk show. Well, they wouldn't let me on here. I called to to beg her and I really pleaded with with the guys that look, you really got to tell her to do something. I mean, it was and I sat there trying to get out of my car and I couldn't. I said, this can't go on any longer. It was about 15-20 minutes. I sat outside the front door before I walked in the house. I was sick. Can I get some throw please? Can you get some puke? There you go. Yeah. Any was that not the reason I called? I'm not a Ranger Span. Yeah. But did you have a chance to see any of the games? I saw the whole game, yeah. I saw the goal I cut this allowed. I want to know what the hell was Bill Garen doing, skating through the crease. I don't get more. We're shooting the time goal into the net. What were you doing there, Billy Boy? They're shooting something and it's like their foot. I mean, I had to rule that real rule as a disaster, but you got to understand at least for the season. They're calling that rule. In fact, Annaheim last night, they had a goal. They're first one disallowed and then they got a two-nothing leading the first and then it was two-to-one. They want to bluesen five-three. But if that first goal would have counted and they would have had a three-nothing lead. It would have been totally different. Again, they probably would have won what they did not. But I mean, that's just the way they're calling it and these guys are being careless and while Bill Garen is skating right through the crease for no reason at all while Gilmore is sticking the time. So the Rangers got lucky, but you got to, you know, Richter's playing great. But they're consistent, you know, at least they're consistent with the call. Yeah, but it sucks. It's the worst rule in the history of sports. Got to stop. Especially on the opposite side of the goal. I mean, if you're in front of the goal, that's a different story and they shoot from the, you know, from the point of view. Exactly. But if they're, if you're on the back side of the goal, there's interference with the goal, tender. The goal should be allowed. And this is, this is a farce and you got a bunch of hard headed jackasses who insist that this is a great rule to protect the goalie and it's bullcrap. And it's it's destroying. It's destroying the games. Maybe when we moved down the dial, we can make some contact and see if we could petition almost every playoff game. There's at least one of these goals this allowed because of the stupid and the crease deal. Yes, sir. Anyways, are you a little more excited about this? Are the series nowhere? You're still about what series? Well, about the Yorkian tourist. No, I'm not. No, I'm not. It all excited. I mean, the devil's to me are boring team, Philly and Buffalo. That's exciting hockey. And even Edmonton, Colorado, as much as a one side of it as it is, those are exciting teams to watch. But I mean, watching New Jersey, man, they're just the coma inducing. Well, I, I, I'm not again. I'm not a New York friend. I wish New York to best. I'd like to see a new New Jersey because I know my am is going to be the next. And New York needs something to cheer about. And by the way, I see the Panthers recent Kirk Mueller for three more years. Wow. I'm sure excited about that. Can't you tell? Neil, I love you. Can I, can I get a request? Yeah. Um, one of your favorites. Anything you want to play? Okay, have a great day. Okay, enough of the sucking. Have a great day. To open lines in day, it's 62 2 2 Wild to end Broward 767 1 on the mobile one purple line, pound I OD. We want to talk today to people who've tried to call some of these other shows, the formula shows in art being put on a year like this last guy who've been told we can't put you on a year because you don't want to play the game. In fact, that goes back to the heavy heavy, heavy screening that we were told about months ago, even when nickel was still here when Wilder's table first put this plague upon his radio station when he first like stuck his nose into our business and then lied about it said, I never said any that right, right, Steve Nickel was the liar because he's not here to defend himself anymore. He was the one that was making it all up. Just like the thing about the wonderful island dreams. He just made, oh, he didn't just make that up. Mobile one purple line is open, pound IOD, it's 1026, a Wild 16 Wild, the countenance continues, countdown. Five, four, three, two, six, ten Wild. I had one in my mouth once. From the makers of the amazing wonderbrough, it's the amazing new wonderjack. The jack that makes you really stand out and aggride. Hi. Hi. Great party. Yeah. So listen, I saw you from across the room and I couldn't help noticing your huge penis. Actually, it's not that huge. Really? It just looks huge. Thanks to my amazing new wonderjack. The amazing new wonderjack's patented construction lifts your penis and separates your testicles for a look that says, my penis is being lifted and my testicles are being separated. Just as the wonderbrough gives girls cleavage, the wonderjack gives men, penis. How what are you doing? Looking down your pants. You've got great peevits. Thanks. Wanna have sex now? Okay. The amazing new wonderjack. Yes, the grappling hooks hurt like hell, but it's worth it. 1031 at Wild. Here's a facts from Pascuoli who's ordinarily very chronic and continues to be however it fits right in. It's an, of course, obviously must be a massacre because he can't turn that bitch off. It says, you made it big last night on the 6 to 9 care and case show. One of your loyal fans called and asked her if she was the nameless one. He talks about and she got so pissed off and made him and I mean insisted he repeat what he just said after he repeated it. She told him, I wish you would die. Get a car accident, have AIDS, blood, get into your veins and die you bastard. Neal does this mean she likes you. She has a big problem signed Pascuoli. Okay. We're off to another raging start today just like we were yesterday. It's going to be the same thing all over again. You just ask you during the break. What? I forgot to ask you during the break. You want normed to drop those tickets by here for you or how I'm not going to know. I got to watch Edmonton and Colorado tonight. Okay. There you go, Norm. Now forget it, Norm. I'm not going to some stupid debase poll game. The guy who called yesterday was right. Just because the tickets are free. I mean it's boring. I'm not interested. Okay. We have an open line in the purple line. Pound IOD, the mobile one line which we pay for two in date, two in Broward. Come out. What do you think? Okay. Should these, uh, let's be in mothers be allowed to adopt that kid. He's in a foster home. He's retarded. Nobody else wants him. These two dikes. Why don't we adopt them? Come on. Six, two, two. Wiod in day. Let's go. Let's get with it. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes. Somebody give you a fact. Yes, now. Yes. Yes. She was talking about that last night. About what? About somebody drop up, uh, AIDS in your blood. Yeah. And, uh, that was around 10 to 9, uh, 6 to 9. But we intend to 9 to 6 to 9 if you have a tape. You can listen to that. Okay. She said, uh, I wish, uh, your car crash and you die. Uh-huh. And, uh, you get AIDS in your rates blood in your veins and die you bastard you. Yeah. Huh. She said so. Very uptight. It sounds like to me. Yes. For somebody who don't belong on the air extraordinarily uptight broad. Yeah. She, I don't know what's wrong with her. You know, she was talking about street guys who sell the papers. Yeah. And she said they bothered me. They bothered me. They bothered me. All show one hour, you know. Yeah. And somebody called the same guy call it. To her and tell her, you know, they met, they are making living, you know. They were begging. They're making living. Yeah. That's why the Neil call you, uh, nameless have mentioned less or something. Have then she get on, you know, then she got to tell more. More mad and that she thought, okay. Thanks for the spy report. How do I have a great day? Okay. Now that two calls now, two open lines a day, six, two, two, all are brawards, 767. W-I-O-D. It's going to be the whole week like this, huh? Okay. Except for Monday. We had a magnificent Monday and now it's like their odd vacation. Open line and a mobile one purple line at pound I-O-D. Here's homestead. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I didn't know that you're talking about carrying K when I first started listening to show, but I can't have cut this. Sir, I'm not just talking about K-R-N-K. I am talking about a devastating destruction that is going on in this place. A so-called instant hot formula that's going on here, just add hot water that is so astonishing and so amazing. And the phones on this show right now should be blazing off the hook from people who are fat who are just uh, uh, uh, astonished at what's going on in this place. I-I-Liston, sir. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe maybe you know something? Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe this is where it's at. Uh, no, this is right. Maybe I'd have a full board of calls if I said here. It took some half-baked article out of the newspaper this morning and just read it on the air and kept reading it over and over and over again and said, what do you think? What do you think? Can kept pumping the numbers out? I-I-Liston, to show you yesterday. I mean, I'm listening to it probably from uh, six until six, two. No, yeah. For a little while, she talked about this three steps into that, breast and plants. And I'm listening to callers. I mean, when when you're in that position, I've never heard a caller to, but rep you apart, rep, break and said to the part, I've never heard them rep a person apart like they rep care and care part. They ripped her into a new ass. Yeah. And I was just astonished and she just kept like opening your self up for it. I was like, oh my god. Excellent. Okay. We have two open lot thanks, Walter. Two open lines in Broward 7679463 one at day, six to two mobile one purple lines open, pound IOD, two on the other town lines. I guess we're not going to be doing calls on a station anymore. Because when I listen like a night, I never hear anything like maybe one an hour. So I guess it's kind of like spreading. It's like a disease. It's spreading to the entire radio station. We'll just see our invent for four hours every day. That's okay with me. That's fine. If that's what you want, a little Italian music a little bit of inventing. Here's the mobile and hollywood. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Are you aware of any market where in the evening people are able to get good numbers on top radio? Because I think they just give up at night. Oh, do they really? I know that I used to have 10 and 11 shares at night here back in the old days and W snooze. I know that Larry King used to have good numbers at night. Here. I know Alan Courtney used to have like double digit numbers at night. Okay. Well, because I'm a kid. I know that KMOX has always had big numbers in night with whoever they had on the ear. Oh, it seems like in this market they've given up. They've given up. No, they haven't given up. This is what they really believe is this is it. They really believe in this. Well, they honestly got believe in this formula. It's not like they really thrown it through an end of the towel. They believe that this Orlando formula, this real radio formula is what talk radio is all about, which proves beyond a shadow of it out when they bought this station. They didn't have any idea of what W mild was about or why was successful or why people listened to it. I don't care how many how much research or how many focus groups or studies Walter Sabot does. This is not why people listen to talk radio in his market. Well, what he leads me to learn is the people that like to listen or talk radio. What a talent on the air. Not a formula. Right. Not something out of a can. Not something out of a package. You can't just put something into a cup and add boiling water. It's, hey, here's a talk show man. Good luck at you. Yeah. Thanks sir. Have a great day. All the Broward lines are wide open. Just like yesterday. Broward. We can't move them for for love or money for love or money. We were looking for Jews and Broward yesterday couldn't find any. How about some Goiam and Broward today, huh? Well, they're all on decided. 7679. It's time to leave your vehicles man. It's time to leave your vehicles and head for Uranus before it's too late. 767 WiodD and Broward. All three Broward lines very quiet. Gonna be just like yesterday. George, you marked my words. I don't care. It's okay with me today. I'm feeling like full of vinegar. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Danny, I do a great. Let's kill two birds. We're one stone. Yeah. Page three A. A. Yes. Women's death puts focus on the dangers of fenn fenn. Yeah. Let's kill and talk about that yesterday. Oh, we're in today's paper three A. Yeah. Well, I'm just going to read that. The death of a Massachusetts woman who took diet drugs, defeated and were writing address has increased scrutiny of it on unapproved, but widely used drug cocktail known as fenn fenn. What do you think? Okay. 622 WiodD into Broward 767. Thank you so much, sir. We needed that. Thank you. There you go. There's your topic today for all four hours. Fenn fenn. Like it, don't like it. Before Mary Lynne and of Quincy Mas died in February from a heart and lung disorder, drug maker, why a year's laboratory zinc warned doctors that taking its appetites at present, fenn fluoramine with the competing fennter mean is not recommended. The combination band in Sweden, by the way, is popular at weight loss centers like Newtur system, whose doctors wrote several thousand fenn fenn fenn prescriptions last year. Company spokesman Joseph D. Bartolamo said, D. Bartolameo, whatever the hell his name is, was somewhat. So there you go. You like it. You hated as it's safe. You like Linda energy. Okay. 7679463 and Broward, would you take diet pills from somebody who talks like they're on rabbit pills? Here's Miami Springs, hello. Yeah, last night, it wasn't her. The other close ski that came afterwards. ski for rem ski, yeah. Why not? My only got the ski. The rest of it was kind of complicated. This is driving away down from the route to Mitchell Zoo. It's about 30 minutes. Yes, sir. It was not one phone call. We don't take phone calls on a station anymore. We've driven a phone calls all away. There are no more phone calls. Well, all we have are people rambling on and sessionly about things that nobody cares about. Oh, well, his topic was it was a standing. Yes, he was pining away about the fantasies about women that he wanted to bed and that I guess he were all ex-girlfriend. I guess they dumped them. I don't know. That's what it sounded like. Yeah, it was going all over and he was asking for phone calls, but they didn't come in. And they said that seems to be the new format. I guess, and of course, I can relate to it. Because I do that every day, but I have a different way of solving it. I brow beat the audience into calling and eventually wind up getting usually some response. But the idea that you're going to take one little narrow thing and just keep just keep hammering away at it and banging and twisting and shoving it down the audience's throat and force people to listen and talk about something that they couldn't obviously give a crap less about it. It's not going to happen. It ain't going to happen, guys. Well, I'm going to keep it up. Okay. Bye. Thank you so much. So like I said, keep it up. Open line and date 622WildD. We have a pair still open and broward 767. We're looking for Goiam and broward today 767WildD. And by the way, Pat Peterson will be back evidently on a not slanty, probably briefly. He got married. Now he's got a wife, you know, on the show. Like we're supposed to be buying that. Right, we buy it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. I want to solve one of the problems real simple. All we got to do is move fill back to meet the 12. Yeah, right. Is that possible? No. No. How's he doing the KFI? I read. How's KFI? How about we move KFI to Miami? Okay. With that well? No. They don't want to come to Miami. Don't you understand it? Of course you did it. And I'm from there. Yeah. That's why I don't want anybody out there. I want to come here. I don't know. Why would anybody have to risk keeping this sewer want to come here? Maybe to hang with you. Yeah, right. That would be a good idea. Okay. Hank, Hank 10. Two open lines in day. It's 629 466 362 2252. How do you do? To end Broward. What do you think of this fan fan brought in Quincy Mass died in a wedding dress. They're burying this bitch in her wedding dress because they put her on fan fan to lose the way so she could fit in to where wedding dress. And God, thank the Lord. She finally fit in. Of course, I guess to body after well, it's kind of grotesque. Isn't it a little grotesque to think of how the body kind of like shrivels a little bit? After he loses all the fluids, you know after they drain the fluids out, she fits very nicely into that wedding dress. So what are they complaining about God, damn it? She went on the diet so she could fit in her wedding dress and she does fit in her wedding dress. So she's in a box. What's the big deal with that? They never promised to anything about that. They said, we'll get you to fit in that white wedding dress. And she's beautiful now. She even looks better than Linda's energy. We're saying, San much. Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. I'm so glad she mentioned that. You know, I'm so glad that you're on at least. And I could follow you over to the other stage. We have no colors anymore on this station. They have decimated. They have destroyed it. They have butchered it. But that girl at night is the place. The worst I have ever heard in my life bar none. She is so bad. She couldn't be on a radio station in Batavia, New York. She is so bad. And those topics are the worst. Oh my God. And she keeps and she has this kind of like snotty added to it. And she's reading this thing out of and what I mean, I just can't believe anybody really believes that. I just can't believe. I mean, I mean, I can't believe anybody really thinks that. Okay, six, two, two, two, do you want you know, and she's given the numbers out. Like somebody is going to respond and she's going to work them up into some kind of contrived controversy, which we've already had more than enough contrived controversy in this market to last the lifetime. Well, it's unbelievable. But it is unconscionable. Let me ask you this. What about when is that other fellow? He's not too great either. He's the worst. Who's that? Skate for Remski? Yeah, what time is he on? I thought he's on whenever whenever they feel like putting them on. Oh, I thought he did buy a house by the way down here. Oh, my goodness. Now he's the worst. And by the way, now not to change the subject. The guiding light is this is a pitch now isn't it? I mean, what's the good to happen to that? Well, what do you mean it's the pitch? Well, that's story. Did you say that? How could you say it's the pitch? I mean, it's getting so let me ask you this, you know, they got this other guy playing Roger for a temporarily. I don't like him either, do you? No, but I'm just saying this need look more like Roger's father. Remember Adam Thorpe? Remember him? Which state no, seriously, this guy looks like Roger's father. They brought it the real Adam Thorbana couple of times over the years. They brought him back. But this guy looks more like daddy and Roger, you know, I've been watching for the last couple of months. It seems to me that he either had a stroke because he talks very slowly now, a holiday and every word is like, you know what I'm saying? Doesn't speak like normal exactly what I thought that he had something wrong with him. Yeah, that's an it way. We'll find out. This guy isn't too great either. Right exactly. He's only a temporary. I love Raven. I love Raven just but I don't know. She's got what you got big gut source coming out, sweetie. I just think she's going to get accused of murder because they think the chinocked Annie down the stairway and the baby died, which of course we know it was dead for like five months before anyway from my, oh my god, is it going to be traumatic? You read that the soap opera. No, you can just see it coming. Oh, I hope you can see. Oh, you can smell it. Get out the mill town. Have a great day. Bye bye. Okay, all the day lines open another week Wednesday here on WOD where we actually used to get some phone calls every now and then where we had some people who would speak to us some verbal intercourse today. It's zippity due to again. It's just a desperate desperately week. Day County wide open 622 WOD all three lines two and Broward. How about if we had some crap to give away? How about if we just pretend we have a bunch of stuff to give away? What do you think about that? Broward 7679463 the purple lines, the green lines, the yellow lines, the sharp truce lines. If you want to call fine, if not too bad, we don't really care. 1045 at WOD. What about that broad with the fend fend. Come on now 767WOD. What about Linda energy peddling that crap and a physician? A speaking of great diets instead of that crap. Here you can have your cake and eat it too. That's right. The doctor reckons low carbohydrate cheesecake and I don't know too many people are dying from the Eccans died. By the way, I don't know any. Dr. Rackens, the creator of the wildly successful Eccans died is created the only authorized doctor reckons cheesecake with only three grams of carbohydrates per serving. It's the perfect treat for low carb dieters. Plus, the Eccans cheesecake is rich, creamy and delicious. Dr. Rackens developed as she's caked to me to his rigorous demands so you can enjoy to know that you're within your diet guidelines. But you want to make sure that you're getting the real thing, the MS. So look for the doctor, Rackens signature right on the label. Have your cake and eat it too. And with the doctor, Rackens low carb cheesecake, you can do exactly that. I'll be sure and try the other doctor, Rackens products like lipolize, lipolize, whatever it is. This delicious protein, drink, which has got all the vitamins and minerals you need while you're on the diet. And the Eccans bake mix for pancakes. You can call to find the store nearest you that carries all this good stuff or to find out about home delivery. The Eccans good stuff called one AAA Dr. Atkins. One 888 DRA TKINS and be sure to look for the doctor atkins signature on the box. One 888 DRA TKINS 610 WIOD more listeners than a cell phone scanner. 610 WIOD Yo. Yo. He was the most famous lawman the West has ever known. Look, it's wet. Hey. How you doing? Everything. Okay. Fine, where are you? Okay. Some called him a hero. Others are rebel. In the end he was a legend. Dispensing his unique brand of frontier justice. Nobody move. This is a hold-up. Not so fast, Mr. Why? Thank god you're here. All right you. Up against the wall. I heard about you Marshall. They say you can kill a man with your breath. They do. Oh my god. What did you have for lunch? Oh Samanian. Some garlic. And a little burger shake. He got me. Kevin Costner stars in the story of the West's most legendary lawman and the gunfight with his brothers at the OK girl. All right. Why did it's me and the Clinton gun and it's junior brothers. Drop. Ready boys? Ready. Ready. Ready. Okay. Let him have it. Lawrence Casdron presents Wyatt burp. Like you didn't see that one coming. Wyatt burp coming soon with the internet review. That's not why it is John M whose is a standing by with the news in a couple minutes by the way. He's up against the wall in there. 1051 a WIOD or Saladian Palm Beach. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, man. I call you maybe once a year and while I'm on hold the other ladies still so online material I was calling about guy and white but I didn't want to hang on. That's okay. So what are we going to do about this Annie dinner? Isn't she just enough to make you want a bitch slap her? I want a race to the television and a string. Just just I mean talk about overracting and it was big bulging eyes and you ever even before she was allegedly pregnant she was holding your tummy all the time. She was that bad gas that brought you know. Oh she's amazing. Yeah. She's bad vocal. And Amy. That's a really good story line. That's the only thing going on right now that I'm really compelled. You know. Since they took Zach away and since Jay's been in the hiding there's not too much. I know. And have you noticed we don't see heart really much either. Right. There's ways to have a best character. I guess they're waiting until like another month till it starts getting real hot and they can put everybody out on the beach naked again. Maybe they're getting oil back. And let me ask you how long is it going to take between Vanessa and Matt. You know how many of these corny conversations on the internet is it going to take before finally somebody says this is all starting to sound pretty familiar to me. It's going to go on a while. I'm going to come back from the dead until the end of June. Are you serious? Matt and Matt came for a lot longer. Oh, God. Neil, if I were taping it I would watch it live. But if I were taping it I would fast forward. You know what I do? Go home and I put it on the satellite and I tape it and then I watch it as four. Instead of watching it live at three, you know I feed my dogs. I get stuff done. You know I do whatever pick my nose. And then as four I watch it on tape in that way. I can watch it in about 35 minutes. That's what I'm going to start doing. Because I mean, like you. 5% of it is silly. Yes, crap. If it wants for the Annie and Reeve of Storyline, they could forget it. You're right. And this new Roger, he's better. Well, he's not the new Roger. He's just filling in while he, uh, while they fix it. He had a mild stroke. He's going to be out for three three months. Three months? Yeah. He's on a three month leave a bad look. How perceptive I am because he was speaking so slowly and so deliberately. And I knew something well, you know, someone on. It's the beginning. It was almost imperceptible because he kind of talked for him all anyway. Yeah. But every day it got worse. Right. Of course, I like him. Poor Roger. Yeah. Well, of course, we can't figure him. One day he's a good guy the next day. He's the old crappy Roger used to be. We can't quite figure him. He's like an enigma. But we need him back. We need him back. Uh, and instead of bringing back briefly, we need you to either him back right away or we need Jane Naked today. I think, yeah, I don't know for you. They're bringing that, uh, Michelle's biological mother. I don't know if you remember her. Her biological mother? Yeah. She wasn't more mean child. I didn't even know she had a biological mother. Uh, and had an affair with a doctor, Claire Ramsay, and that's their daughter and then moreen raised her. Yeah. So she's coming back. Um, Michelle, you take Michelle, be good little more action. You know what I'm saying? Anybody looks like her? Well, if they bring Jay out of the closet for where are you? Yeah, he's looking for a Zach. I think. Oh, my God. Okay, sweetheart. Thanks for the good news. I love you, Neil. Talk to you next year. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Okay. We have an open line of brown. This is what we need. Get some of these people out of the woodwork. 70s people have gone into hiding. It's fashionable to come out. That's what Ellen said. 7679463 and Broward. Here's Boca on a mobile. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. I think that we got a support this thing about Leslie's adopting. Yeah. I mean, really. I mean, the next thing we got to get rid of after that is postal workers and radio salespeople adopting. Yeah. And I just wanted to say about this Matt really show. It's a great show. It just got a drop of your own man. About what? That Matt really shows Matt really. Yeah. Okay. Thank you so much. Okay. Thanks, Walter. Walter Sabot doing a little on here consulting there. We have an open line of Broward. 7677. We have one on a mobile one purple line at Poundio D, which we pay for. But last two days, man, don't seem to make a hell of a lot of big difference. And the out of town lines, the toll free lines, the green lines, the Palm Beach lines, the audio net lines, forget about them. One, triple eight, 4749463. Here's Miami. Hello. No. Yes. Oh, hold on. Hey, no. Yes. Haven't talked in a while. Not the Nells crap. Okay. Cut the bull crap. What's that? I said, what can I do for you? Just call it a day hello. Yeah. And I thought I cut nip it off at the bottom before you start playing music mainly Luis. I thought I could call him. And do what? Just well. And say Nells a couple of times. Thank you so much for calling 610 Wiod Nells. We have an open line in day. It's 6229463. We have one in Broward 767. These people are gotten nothing to talk about. We got 482 topics on our plate here today. Just like yesterday. And none of them suits their fancy. So just because he don't want to hear no music, he figured he called and take up a line. How do you like that? We probably had somebody really meaningful out there. Somebody went something probably like a cure for cancer, something that would save the world from itself. Somebody who's ready to do what off themselves and leave their vehicle and go to your rainers who was trying to get through there. And he ties up the line just for that. Thank you so much sir for preventing us from talking about that boring crap. What do you think about that Chuck Humphrey's video tape on CNN? Okay. Smart guy, huh? He left his vehicle. And I know it's hard for you people to understand, but we got to get out of these vehicles because there's more to us. Our spirit, our nature. Here's my keys in the 10 bucks and thank you so much. Car Wash Time. See important stuff. Forget about the stupid talk show. It's Car Wash Time now we're talking. 1056 at Wiod. 610 Wiod. Neil Rogers. While you're goofing off it work, by the way don't come by and say hi anymore. Get out of my face. 610 Wiod. Yeah, you want your ad. Oh, is that it? Is that it? I can know every sports or all the way. I would not know much more if I only have Sean. High-cast dream of football coaches and eat a couple roaches for lunch or maybe dinner. With the content in my pocket I could show up. My rocket if I only had a winner. Oh, I can tell you why. The engine moves the car. I'd be known by name and every single car. And I could be into a car. For sure. I rebuild every appliance. Hacks steady rocket science and flies to Mars or Venus. Right. I take some freaking flusy and get wiped in. Magic flusy and by only have he is. What do you get thinking about the key to think? Okay, 1105 at Wiod. So there's uh somebody slips a note under the door here. Not I went out during the news for like a minute. And I come back and here's a uh thing, a sheet. And I've tried it on and if it like uh like an actual. No anyway, here's a sheet and it says there's a very strong rumor that Steve Kane, Mr. Eagle, is playing both sides against the middle and is concerning with Harry Peanus valentine and desperately trying to get an IOD. But at the same time on the IOD tab at a certain unmensable restaurant is concerning with the people from WNN the motivation station and try to talk them and putting the FTL format on over there and bapa bapa bapa bapa. He was here yesterday he was here yesterday holding their meat. Huh? With Harry Peanus? Wow. What a Max made in heaven. That is. Boy, I don't think we could handle that. I don't think we could handle that for like two seconds, man. We have two open lines in day six, two, two, two, Wiod are topic today. Is Karen K the anti-Christus. We have an open line in Broward 7679, 463. Are they serious? That's the question. That's what we're all wondering. Are they really serious? Is this just a big joke and they're going to come out one day and say April Fool? Like for several months, you know, we just expanded April Fool even though it's like the 7th of May. It's got to be a joke. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, honey. How are you doing? Okay. All right. My buddy came down from Georgia. I wonder if I can get a shameless request. No. Okay. We have two open lines. We're not doing those shameless requests today. I don't care about your buddy came down. Send it back to Jersey. We can smell them over here. Okay. God. His buddy came down from Jersey. So let's interrupt this show and play some stupid things. It was buddy. Can you tell your buddy it's a beautiful out here, man? It's like 80 degrees in the shading. Go out and play some golf. Go out there and wax and balls around. Go out there and play some tennis. Go out to the beach. You sit around get a nice melanoma. Come on. Let's get with it. Two open lines in Broward. This is my last I'm telling you yesterday. I went nuts here for hours. Left here feeling pretty good about it, though. And today I can see it's the same thing again. We got a wide open deal on it. I want to find out. Maybe I'm doing this the wrong way. Like I said yesterday, you're never too late to learn. Never too old. Never too about you are. I mean, I think they may have that formula down. Well, it's not of course they never get any calls either. Like after an hour of banging along the same thing. So where's that hobby or by the way? I know you're listening. I have you. You've gotless spick. I know you're listening out there. Don't fool me. Don't try to pull the wall from my thing. Okay. I have you here. You homophobic brainwash. Spick you. What up? Oh, yeah. Well, it's so it's all about lust. It has nothing to do with love. This game. It's all about lust. Like straight people don't have lust right. Hover year. Right. What a bunch of bull crap. Like a straight everything with straight people is love. There are strictly love because we like you for your mind and we love you for your for your attitude and for your wonderful carry. Yeah, right. Uh-huh. That's what it's all about. With fags of course like me, all that is about lust like that thing of Enrique standing right there with his arm is folded and by the way thank you whoever put his penis back where it belonged. You're welcome. Okay. Thank you George. Yeah, Karen Casey's been paulchking around. I think she ought to spend more time on show prep figuring out a topic somebody might want to talk about instead of dealing with Enrique Iglesias penis. Okay. And pinning it on a donkey's uh, rectum. Here's my me Lake. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Two weeks in counting and my trip to Italy comes into place. Yeah. Did you just call me the other day with the same song in a dance? No, not never. This is so I haven't talked about it. Well, must have a lot of people going to Italy. Yeah, leaving probably like on a 26th. Yeah, staying there for three weeks. Excellent. Three weeks. Oh, God. Am I jealous? Three weeks in Italia. But I'm doing something that you told me not to do. Did you guys have the guy that said you're staying in the Penseoni? Yeah, I'm going to stay there. I don't know if the same guy, but that's where I'm staying in a Penseoni. Well, I'm going to be staying at several. Okay. And uh, but I am renting a car. Yeah. Oh, I'm renting a car for where for in between cities, I hope. Right. I'm going to tell you I have you've never been there before. No, if you have any if you have any delusions about driving in Rome. If you've had your your life, I'm telling you right now. Don't even think about it. Okay. And that comes from me. Somebody considers myself a pretty damn good driver. Don't even think about it. But I'm going to eat my guts out. And you know, there you go. Okay. And one other thing, uh, the lesbians. Yeah. Let them adopt the the re-card. All right. Hey, let me let you know the thing. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Can I call you some of Italy? Of course. All right. Can I call collect? Well, let's see, you're saying May 26th. I'll be, I might not be here anyway. All right. But I'll just call George and maybe George might not be here. The call somebody call whoever answers the phone. Call us. He if the place is still on here. Okay. Have a great time, pal. Love you, buddy. I'll be even. Ertchi. Okay. Show. I got you down. Okay. He thinks that the dice ought to be able to allow to adopt the child. How do you like that, Karen? There's a vote for you. We'll get that topic. Where's that article? Come on. Let's get that newspaper out of where is it? Okay. So there's these two lesbians. We have two open lines in Broward 7679463. We have one on the mobile one purple line at pound iod. So I'm telling you right now, there are people on death row in stark Florida at Rayford prison waiting to be executed for lesser offenses than what Walter Sabo and his group of anti-Christians are doing to this radio station and that is not that's the goddamn truth just ask me just ask Bill God and I'll tell you the damn truth. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning, Neil. Windows DS. Windows DS. Windows DS. Long suffering trauma fan here. Yeah. I understand you're going to be watching the Edmonton caller router game tonight, right? Yes, sir on a CBC with Bob Cole Harry Neal and Ron McClain and Don Cheeria. That takes exactly what I was going to ask you. I'm going to call Detroit and get my son to tape that for me. Right. They get it off the channel nine of CKLW and Windsor right CKLW right. Channel nine and Windsor hockey night in Canada. Now you're talking real telecast not this ding-dong school stuff. I can't think of that district as used to be on W CKLW. He's living down here. But but Davis did babies. Yeah. See, I talk to my daughter. And he says, but Davis is over the new. What is he? He's older than Matthews Laman. He's older than deaf. Yeah. Remember, do Kennedy? Yes, I do. Bill Kennedy used to be on the channel line. Channel, he's dead. No, good. He had that Thunderbird at 55. Remember Dave Diles? Huh? Remember Dave Diles? Oh, sure. Bill Bill Bons. Or David Bill Bons? Bill Bons. And who was it on channel two, Marilyn and John, what's our name? Well, Mickey, sure was there? No, Marilyn something in John or husband. We're on channel two news. You know who I'm talking about? Well, that's too long ago. There's 30 years since I've been 500 years since I've been up there. I wish I was back up. No, I don't. I wish I was up there and it was still like it wasn't the early 60s when it was great when it was a great city. I mean, you want to you don't want to be there now, man. When they had cliff bells and the London shop. I mean, that's right. The London shop house and to pinkers on a corner of six mile and wind and the telegraph telegraph. No, telegraph is this road. What is it? Marilyn Kennedy or John Kelly? John oh, that's right. John Kelly. That's right. That's a guy on channel two. The name was named to skate me. Well, that's okay. When I got a chrono three or four times a year for the games, I was at the motion set of Montreal when they opened it up when the ring just played there. Yeah, yeah, you keep stepping on frogs though at the motion set. Yeah, it wasn't bad. It was bad. Yeah, I love chrono. That's right. I stayed down there about two blocks. Yeah, yeah. Could you play a dual you it? Could I play Bill hewitt? Or faster you it? I want to I want to tell you something about Bill hewitt. I was you're probably the only other person who will appreciate this. Okay. You know, Bill hewitt has never been inducted into the hockey highball fame rug and you want to know why and you want to know why it's all politics because John Shannon at the CBC which you'll notice when they show the highlights from the old games like the overtime highlights have you ever seen that stuff? They always show Marilyn Turner. Oh, Marilyn Turner. John Kelly and Marilyn Turner. Thank you. Somebody tried people calling it. But anyway, they always show clips with Bob Cole and I love Bob Cole. He's great. And with the Don Whitman and guys like that, they never ever show you any Bill hewitt clips because John Shannon didn't like him. He said to me, right to my face when the least we're done here a month ago. He said Bill hewitt was an asshole. He never did anything for the game. I said, I don't care what kind of a guy he was. He was a great broadcaster. I grew up listening to Bill hewitt. The Lee fans love Bill hewitt. And I'm the same age as Bill hewitt. Right. 67. Well, he ain't no more. No, I know. Are you not ashamed? Yeah. And so the day he died or a few days after he died, they put on a they gave him a tribute for like 10 seconds. There was a good ABC with the most embarrassing thing I ever saw. Bill hewitt was the greatest hockey announcer in the history of the human race and John Shannon could all shoot only croak. The greatest I love foster to Alex foster. Yeah, if you like old guys who sell like your grandma. Yeah, they get more to have a column in the hockey news when he died. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, pal. Go leaves go leaves go. Bring your place of foster hewitt that Henderson goal. I don't want to hear that again. That's streaking screaming sounds like my grandma and he. But it's hockey. I'd rather hear Bill hewitt any day. Anyway, so 11 14 at W. That's why I'm going to do I'm going to play Bill hewitt highlights for the rest of the show today. Okay to serve these bastards right. All right. I'm going to play hockey highlights every day from 10 to two until they finally say we can't take it anymore. We can't stand it. We can't stomach it. I'm playing C. K. L. W. Jingos. C. K. L. W. And what do you see? Oh, that's a new format. 11 15 at W. I. O. D. In fact, all we got to do is change it. C. K. L. W. The magic city and we got it. Just let's change the call it as man. They won't care. They'll never know those connox. What do they know? We have an open line in day six to two. W. I. O. D. We have one in Broward 767 W. I. D. As we try to retain our sanity in the midst of a sea of maelstrom and mung. The likes of which we have never ever seen. Where's boy Gary and Steve Nickel when we need them the most? And I have one thing to say. I want thing to say to Walter Sabo and his evil twin Harry penis. Lower pain. 610 W. I. O. D. Right. And up he Japanese people. Continental and airwings are joining forces to give you the most pleasurable ride of a scour. If they're like makes you go, our infinite fields are like eating out. We're making headroom is a plus. We're gonna then try to link. Oh yeah, the sky's dome get any friendly. I'm thinking. Where your seat is never in a full upright position. Connox whether you're coming or going, we'll get you there safe at on time. Not one of our planes has ever gone down. But don't let that stop you. Ask our headstour to run tour of the cockpit. Or relax and enjoy our in flight movie eating rattle. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for flying hot today. In case some of us will be ahead with us down from over to see if we're in here. Coal right now don't be an ever the invite meals always for stress never. We sure hope that you will rain us and book a flight on the lead. 11 19 at WOD Boats gonna really be comforting to know that after we go on vacation you're going to this time right? In the end of the month after we go on vacation this time will come back and they'll say hey guess what have a nice summer time we'll see you one of these days because Steve Kane and Nick Lawrence are gonna be working this show. All right George is waving his arms in the glee. We have an open line on him all of a while. This is really the last two days man I wouldn't wish on hairmon caring. I wouldn't wish it on Karen's a gay. That's how bad he's last two days have been. I mean I realize we got three or four calls on here right now but that's not what you expect like on a big league radio show on a minor league radio station. Even a mobile one purple line is sitting there dead at pound IOD. This town is just I think it died. I think once that pace off came and went and everybody left town I think this town we should be sitting shivby right now maybe that's what they're doing. Even the guy I'm our sitting shivby for this town. You know what that is? When you say yes could all the yes could all shmuck robo every no shmuck robo yeah he was my rebbie. Here is a bokeh hello. Hey now. Yes sir. How are you? Okay. Watch that rangers game where I find I guess I did. Didn't you know that that rule was gonna end up screwing somebody somewhere. Yeah it does an every game every single game that rule just it's got a stop man it's why didn't they change you before the playoffs. I don't know why doesn't Gary bemmon and they had Gary bemmon on there by the way that twirp they interviewed him for about five seconds and he's got nothing to say. He's a shmuck. Even a look on Franger's face. I mean he looked peeing to even go. He never called it to lines man. It was the right call based on the way they're calling the rule but what what was Bill Garrent thinking about why is he doing like skating right through the other side of the crease when Dougie Gilmore is sticking the time goal in there. Amazing. What you talk about uh but it happens to everybody I'm not gonna knock the rangers for that because it happens that with everybody. They didn't have any paint fence the last couple minutes there. And then Steve Thomas Steve Thomas had one taken back in game two the other night again the same thing. Do you see that one? No. Yes Steve Thomas had a gold called back because again somebody was in the crease together. I think he was a one in the crease. Yes he was. In closing? Yes? Your uh newsman John M. Yes? Let him know that those games with the Marlin. You're in Florida not Pittsburgh last two days. He's been saying. Oh he's been saying they've been well he's uh he's recovering you know. Well how about Lisa Loubaca? Yeah please have a good day. Thank you. Yeah I wish you people would be calling up the management here again for Lisa Louberry back on the damn news again instead of this oh god. This guy that's obsessed with the caffeine-free diet coke. No seriously is that true is that people who are like recovering alcoholics drink a lot of diet coke is what I'm told. Did he tell you that or somebody else? Somebody else? Somebody else? Oh somebody else told you that? Because we have uh we have several people in the building who seem to be addicted to like diet coke. What does that mean? I don't want to you know I don't want to catch this version. He was the opposite and he had drinking my soul a water direct from the Italian by the way how's our friend uh what's his name doing? Salaf Alcon. Oh I don't want to say we could use like many many I mean hundreds of uh you know gallons of water because any day we come in here could be you know I'm saying could be the end oh we're praying or we have our praying we're squeezing it so hard so tight two open lines and day it's 6222wild6229463 and new people up in Palm Beach you know the prices right buddy but Paxonspan big bucks to get you one of those lines toll free he pays for it one and the lines one triple eight four seven four nine four six three here's Pompano hello yeah Neil yes sir yeah I spoke to you once before about the uh we had that alien autopsy yes that was the guy that had the most intelligent I think conversation with you I'm sure it was whatever you say well whatever um I wanted to come uh ask for a request for jingles from Cklw all day okay I love that station Cklw my time ride remember the uh show that you's beyond an a few up there Rob and C more that was an on Cklw that was on W J B K no Rob and C more swing time oh well he also was on W J B K he was on everywhere there was Jack to have a bit of a winger then he was on Jack to be a Jack to Belboy was on W J B K too yeah yeah yeah that Rob and C more was on C you're right and Dave Schaefer I love Dave Schaefer he was a good disjockey yeah he was yeah but I grew up with Cklw and Joe van remember Joe van yeah and dead babies I mean but babies yeah yeah and Tommy Shannon was there briefly with Joe he's underwear right yeah yeah those were the days man Detroit was a great city until 67 until a burned it down and ruined that city it's never come back no no well oh Detroit was so great you're still see the burned out buildings yeah that's right like on eight mile road and uh right around living away eight mile man all that stuff's been never it's 30 years later this year is 30 years after the riots in Detroit and there areas where they've just uh it's all still all gutted out and burned out never came back yeah now I wonder if real Brian Ford dealerships still up there on 10 mile a Mac beats me I don't know okay Neil have a day see you yeah let's change the callators too I think that the WID callators have been polluted enough with this trash with this swill at these people abroad in here let's change the callators okay just like they took the she callators up to Orlando let's call this uh WTKS junior on real radio because the WID letters I mean it got some nerve to bring back this island dreams and all these great old jingles they got some nerve okay because whoever put this station on the air robi young's friend robi young's boyfriend 100 years ago they're rolling over in air grave here what these people are doing to it okay 11 25 and Wild let's get some jingles we're gonna have all jingles all week I think we'll do that let's do that George what do you say well I have all jingles and all uh what else I'll build you it and all in riquey all stuff I like okay screw everybody else as long as I got to be here every day let's play stuff I like which of us help beats most of the stuff you like like the care and casheo I'm sure you know I'm not getting too much comment on this because obviously she don't have any audience anyway but I am telling you man that thing last night that was the worst did you hear it that was the worst crap I'm gonna say the s word right now swill that was the worst garbage I have ever heard on a radio in my life I'm 54 years old and a few months past I'm an old fart I've been listening to radio avidly since I was a little kid I was a radio groupie I was like obsessed with radio as a kid I have listened to radio from every part of the universe from here to your rain is okay I have never heard anything so pathetic so lame such garbage in my life as somebody coming on here and again taking some little clipping out of a newspaper and reading it over it over it over it over I mean how long does it take to get the message nobody cares okay bitch nobody cares about the two dikes that want to adopt the geek kid okay nobody cares so do you like her she blows she is the she is a walking abortion okay and like I said for her to come on the first day right out of the box so to speak and give us song and a dance about how she's uh her boyfriend's the consultant like she's holding it over everybody's head so to speak you better watch yourself yeah you better watch yourself okay mr. I'll tell you that right now I had one in my mouth wand yeah at least we have an open line in date 62 2 wio d i mean the idea the audacity of him putting her on this radio station on this formerly great radio station neither hutspa the balls that this man is got to put that bitch on this radio station doing that swirl is just enough to make your blood curdle even atoms in there nodding profusely squeezing himself finally is doing it but nevertheless nodding profusely on by the way she's very cute just ask her that was another one of her lines last night when she was talking oh Adam just lost lunch and he hasn't even eaten it yet uh oh breakfast and yesterday's lunch both and dinner woo look at that she's cute yeah so is the bottom of my shoe okay after I went out in the backyard this morning and guess what my golden retriever had a major major problem and even my little dog had doggy diarrhea a couple of days ago and I accidentally stepped on both and I'm looking at the bottom of my barefoot right now and that's how good she looks and that would that would be a compliment okay I mean to come in here with this arrogant attitude we're knowing nothing knowing absolutely nothing and thinking that these people are going to reinvent what we do is such a slap and a push to us to the audience to this community I demand an investigation senator whatever the hell I've means well killed some good time six 10 double-view eye-olding Hi I'm Michael Jackson and I'm married though that makes me as much always looking practically Americaway séוש Michael Jackson I'm 33 at WIOG. They have two open lives in date 6229463. Two on a Green Line's Palm Beach, the rest of the world, the audio net, the worldwide internet lines there, man. We're talking to people in Taiwan. We're talking to people in Taipei. We're talking to people who are tying one on right now. One Triple 84749463. One 888474WIOD. So what do you think? Should those lesbian doctors, should those bull-like nuns, should they be allowed to go to the Vatican and have a tea with a Pope? Here's Hylia, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, I care about those two lesbian doctors. I don't think they should. I don't think they should be allowed to do it. Well, I really couldn't care less. Well, you were talking about it on the road. I was not talking about a Karen K was talking about a lunch you call her and talk about. Karen K? I don't give a crap about those lesbians about those bull-like feminists. You think they're bull-like feminists? That's what I just, what did you, what did you understand? Well, lesbian doesn't necessarily mean it's the she's a bull-like feminist. Are you're being deracist? No, I'm not or racist. What does race have to do with it? Are we talking about black dikes or why? You better go straight in your dikes, man. You don't know your dikes. We have all the deadlines open 622. And let me say this, okay? For all these experts around here, a call like that is worth $50 million. Get some jackass on the phone. That's what people want to hear. That's what makes this radio station. Not somebody calling up and playing the game. I don't want to mention like Mr. Ego with a heavy, heavy, heavy duty screening. Oh, put some people out who disagree. The contract controversy, man. That went out with nickers. That's why the light bulbs got point three shares. Not because nobody can hear the signal. You can hear the signal. Because nobody wants to hear contrite bull crap. Okay. We have an open line in the purple line. Pound IOD all three and day. 6229463. Let's hear about these lesbians who are killing themselves so they can get out of their vehicle and go to your rainers. Come on. Let's hear about it. Right now, or else, the r else we're going to come to your house and kidnap your kid and give them the John Ramsey. Whatever he'll his name is. That's right. We're going to give your kids to John Ramsey in his wife to experiment with in the basement. I tell you one thing, those border Colorado police man. That's the kind of all you kids out there. You should aspire to grow up by intelligent like that. Like the police in Boulder, Colorado who still haven't got a clue literally. Yeah, they're still digging under the fingernails. I mean, we got kids being killed all over the country. But since they weren't little beauty models, nobody cares about those stories and her all the way making another multi. See, I'm going to tell you something. If these people don't keep getting killed, her all those out of business. So while you people want to kill little kids out there, you're better not stop because otherwise her all those going to be off the air and Jerry Spring or lose that job in Chicago. Dave County, that's what we're waiting for right now. I am not going to sit back. We got 400 lines to sit lit up right now. That's not enough. I want every single line on their flaming blazing. I was just talking to Adam about that current case. You were last night and he was on his hands and he's barfing all over this studio. He said he has never nobody. Everybody I speak to in the building is just astonished and a gas. They can't believe it. 6229463. Let's get some of you some of you a fag speaks out of your closet. Today is the coming out day. That's what Ellen said. And now what you said, she wants all the holios to come out of the closet on the meal road you show. That's exactly what she said. Then we'll lighten up on those bull-like feminists again. See, the thing that I have a problem with Lesbians about and I've told you this before is that for years they pretend to be real, uh, uh, gutsy. But in the meantime, Ballsy, I guess it'd be the word I'm looking for. But the bottom line is their cowards. They've been masquerading as feminists. Which is why so many people are turned off of the national organization for women of women on women. And by the whole feminist movement has largely been, uh, like 100 years behind the times, because it's been largely a bunch of bull-dikes masquerading as feminists. Why can't they just say we're a bunch of angry bull-dikes and we're not going to take it anymore? What's wrong with that? The man hitting the man hitting bull-dikes, right? Those real mullet and like Bella Abzo, they want to hit you over her head with her purse who sided with Lerena Boba when she did that. That's right. When she got her says, I guarantee that Bella's got a big pair of scissors in her purse, in her bag, in her sack. Still got two open lines in date. I am not taking a call till we get a bunch of spicks on a phone right now, including that hobby here that called up last night. Who says that gay people at homosexuals, there's no love involved. It's just lust. It's just sex. Sounds good to me, but I mean, what do you think, Havir? I don't give it a shot? Here's a lady in front of the cosguys named Havir. I don't think I've ever met a Havir that was ugly. In fact, mostly guy's named Havir are not Cuban, they're Colombian. Is that a very common Colombian name? Is Aguess is a lot of spicks named Havir from all parts, from all parts of Spick America. But Havir is a very common Colombian name and boy those Colombians, man, all man, ever seen any Colombians? With that real, real kind of like 10 to all of skin, you know, that real great complexion, real smooth skin and real hard smooth tan bodies. You know what I'm talking about? And then the guys too, huh? Drug dealers a lot of, oh boy. Here's a lady in four Latterdale. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, man. Buenos Tuea. Call or I. One journal. I've just been sitting here just how and you are, you're just two. I'm on a roll today sweetheart. Honey, it's a, it's a, it's a, I just want you know, I was putting something together in the other room last night in my comment to my soulmate was what's Neil going to say about darling Karen today. Oh, good. It's, it's home. I'm coming out of the closet with her. I'm not even going to call her the unmentioned. Well, I'm calling her by name. She's a disgrace. She's embarrassing. She's growtask and his business of her, her being in here because she's the girlfriend of the consultant. The idea that Bud Packs and allows this crap on a year here shows you how much that the Packs and people care about this radio station. They bought it. Maybe that was their game plan. Maybe that because they have all these other stations. They bought this place and maybe they were out to destroy it from the beginning because they're sure to want a great job. Would you know it? Tell Adam, don't give that much credence to the birthing because you know, that's that's giving credence. Yeah, we don't want that. He beat you up meals from now. Yeah, I got a straightener up here. Adam has a straightener. I also want to say because I've been a long time listener. When Phil left, I saw, I've really seen through the years now how this thing is totally washed itself down. Are you sure you've got to get out of there? I am getting out of here. You got to get out of here. I just wish they would tell me which day as in like today. Or like a week from circus. Or after vacation, I wish these people be a little more forthcoming and a little more honest, a little upfront, although those are words not in their vocabulary, and stop dittling around. Okay? Well, you know what? I think I'm wondering if past and put things categories up on the board. As you walk through, you pick up this one. And this is what you're going to talk about. Are you around with your underwear? She saw through the whole day. And she's between the two of them. They be, they jump on. They be going on. Yeah. Well, it ain't going to happen. And you know, Rick and Seds, I don't know how they're going to carry that set station. But maybe they'll be out of there next and then that set. They turn them over to channel 45. Okay. Thanks, Neil. God bless you. Keep up the good stuff. Well, bless you sweetheart. Made the Lord Bless and keep you. Thank you, Darrell. Bye bye. Bye bye. Speaking of channel 45, how's Jan and Paul Crochdo in these days? What kind of bull crap are they peddling? We have an open line a day at 622. You notice how all the broads on these religious channels, they all have to have a lot of mascara that runs all over their post when they cry a lot. They have a lot of mascara and purple hair. Do you ever have mascara run on your post? We have two open lines in Broward 76794637767. Wiod in Broward, where we're desperate to try to get these people off their ass. It's a very strange week, Monday usually every week. I mean, every week unless there's something really, really phenomenal going on like maybe the dolphins won't a game. But other than that, Monday is usually death milk because people are trying to get their lives back together and they pretend they're doing their job after screwing off all weekend. And then the rest of the week is marginal. But this week, Monday was ask kicking. It was great. You almost felt we had people out there and yesterday, today, man, it's been just brutal. It's been like pulling teeth. It's been like yanking it. Open line in date County. Do we have any Julios on there ready to come out of the closet or what? No, I'm waiting. I'm going to wait for the first fact to call in here right now. Q, I don't care if he's Cuban, Mexican, Nicaraguan, Puerto Recon, Colombian, Venezuela, and I don't care Brazilian, well, of course, we know they're all facts anyway. I want the first spik to call in here right now to go on here and say he's a fact right now. I'm going to wait. I'm going to pull a Karen K right now. 622, Wiod in date. 767 Wiod in Broward. I don't care if it takes me to a clock. We're going to eliminate all the spots. We're pushing away all the spot breaks. We're going to go right on through it. It'll to a clock if it takes that long until we get some Julio Fag on here right now that wants to do an Ellen. It sits timely. It's right on target. If it's in with not slanting, come back tonight for just whatever reason. Cause Pat Peterson's going to be on here. It was Mary now on the show alleged, which we don't believe that. We got a flag on here. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Julio Line. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, my name is Tony. I work at Home Depot on A Street. Are you the fan? I'm coming out of the closet. All right. I'm a fan. All right. There you go. God bless you, Tony. Folks, my man. All right. Thank you. Bottoms up in the pop a bone. All right. Well, let's take care of that. How do you like that? Oh, no. What did that thing floated off the, uh, wasn't that store? Was it different? Which store was it? Which home Depot was it yesterday? Miami Lakes. All my mean lakes. Well, thank God. Thank God. It wasn't the one done in a homestead. They probably be interrogating his ass right now and then tomorrow the rest of them. We have two open lines in day. It's 629463 and two in Broward 7679463. See, I know it's very unusual. These other people, these other dollards that we have coming around on board here. I know it's very unusual for me to think this, but I would think on a highly rated show, even a mediocre, even a lowly rated show that when you're on a year saying, here's your opportunity. This is America. Say, whatever the hell you want. I don't give a crap about those feminist bull likes and that adopted kid who gives a flying crap. Come on here and when it doubts vented out, speak your piece, speak your mind. How about those panthers? How about that Kirk Moller and Randy Moller? And whoever the hell these people are, huh? They don't know. They don't know from nothing. They wouldn't know Bill. He would from Bill Bonds. They wouldn't know Bill Kennedy from Bill Stern. Which is a very sad commentary on the, and I realize does make people bad people. They've just been sheltered. They live a cloistered life here in the state of Florida. And that's pretty sad. Like I said yesterday, get on a plane and just say, go to the airport and just whip out your credit card. Go to the airport and whip it out. There's a lot of that goes on over there, by the way. Go over to the airport, just whip out your credit cards and hear, give me a ticket to somewhere. Anywhere you're going, like in the next hour, so I don't have to wait too long. Just to go somewhere and see what the real goddamn world is all about. I'm serious, man. The, the, the perky level of the people in this area, in this state. In this state, the idea like if somebody lives in candle, their idea of a big, a big weekend is like a trip up to the Apombie's line. Or even a Broward line, forget about Pombies. Oh, we got in the car with all away up to the golden glades. Oh, wow. Whoo. Heavy, doony, baby. That's their idea of a big outing, a big trip. That's the kind of outing that they're in too. They pack a, they pack a box lunch. They put a few ants in there so they can feel like it's a real picnic. And they take a drive up to the golden and don't get out. And I'll tell you one thing, by the way, to go up to the golden glades, get off on 163. Go east about five or six blocks and go through the basket robins drive through, at least make it worthwhile. You don't have to get out of the car at all. You'll be safe. You have to stop the car. Well, you keep the motor running. Why have you ever been in the basket robins? Robries are. Have you ever, there's no robber. Oh, you are the biggest third burger. There are no robberies at the Basque and Robins drive through 163rd Street. Do you even know where it is? Yeah. Yeah. Have you ever been through there? No. I have. Never got robbed. Oh, it's good stuff. I mean, I'm not eating that stuff now. And not if you're on a diet. But like if you're a skinny or if you're like, don't have to worry about your weight. If you like something sweet, if you're going to drive all the way from candle, at least you can do as good a Basque and Robins. And go right through the drive through and say, give me a hotfud Sunday three scoops with extra fudge and like rocky road and maybe whatever else. Whatever. Up, peak can't pre-lean. Marshmallow cream. May with Mark with Marshmallow cream on. That sounds and hotfudge. And the whip cream and cherries and nuts too. Holden nuts. Loving 40. I'm sorry. I was holding the nuts. Loving 45 at W. I. O. D. Let. Wonderful. I. O. Do make sure. Six. 10. W. I. O. D. You know, he sounds like an F. and creative genius to me that John Ford. Oh, that's not him. That's a guy named what is his name? John. What is it John Riscoll? Oh, boy. So we got John Ford is creating and John Riscoll is voicing with that real real kind of voiceless dead sound. Exactly. What's happening from that's John Ford. All right. Great. Then you hear that before? We have an open line in day. It's six. I don't listen. Six to two nine four six three six two two W. O. D. How do you say? I'm looking at what's happening this year. Get rid of that. Here's a flag in Hailea. I am a Latin gay man in Hailea. Jess. I just want to say I'm very happy. I'm a very happy that I came out of the closet. Jess. And I want to adopt three young boys. Okay. And I always hang out in the cafeteria. All right. In the cafeteria, Santería. Okay. We'll see you there. Go choke the chicken. We have an open line in day. It's six to two nine four six three. We have two open lines on the other time. I see there's a there's a real fact pretending to be a flag. You know, that Julio thing, changing his voice just in case anybody believed it. Here's Fort Lauderdale on a mobile. Hello. Fort Lauderdale on a mobile. Going once. Going twice. Okay. Let's go to a Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Great. Oh great. Me too. First one say happy mother's scratching date. All of everyone out there. All you mothers out there. Yeah. Yeah. There's plenty of them. All you mothers this Sunday. All restaurants are going to be jam packed from all these people taking their mothers out for heartburn. Yeah. Yeah. My brother works at a restaurant down here in his last days. We went to another office. They're making a work on that last day. Isn't that nice? Yeah. Isn't that sweet? After 20 years, that's their way to say you have a great weekend. Are you in there, canning him? No. He, uh, no. He's just leaving him. Oh. No room to advance. Uh-huh. But, uh, he found an order place. So anyhow, I went to the doctor as this morning. Yes. And I was watching Jerry Springer. Yeah. Is that the guy I want to be? Uh, there was a lot of be a lesbian transvestite now. No, no, no. No, it's a lot of it. Murphy model. I want to be a nude model. And the one girl takes a top off in front of the audience. They might catch that. No, they did not. Yeah. Well, they bleeding out. You know, like the blood. Yeah. They put the little things on there. They, they blurted out. But she did it in front of audience. And there was young kids in the audience. Isn't that, isn't that nice? Yeah. And I didn't see anybody running out of the audience. They were kind of dumbfounded. Yeah. But anyhow, so my doctor shows me that I got a blood clushed raw to 67 not too good. Not good at all. And he tells me to eat uh, no more meat. Go on vegetables only. Well, he's full of crap. All right. I guess that'll work. But that's it all depends. Are you overweight? Uh, probably about 30 pounds. Yeah. There you go. Right. Sounds like an adkins candidate to me. Right. Yeah. I got the book. And uh, you think, go take care of it. Uh, you know, you know, you know something that means you need another doctor. See more people accept the crap from their doctor because he's wearing that white suit. And you're thinking no something, go find yourself a real doctor. You think so. I'm telling you, man. Can he suggest one? Where's it? And I don't know. Well, you're worthy of live. Uh, North Day, uh, New Orleans. Well, George will give you my doctor's name. Right. Yeah. I appreciate it. Okay. All right. Have a good day. Hang on. Fine. To give him uh, my doctor's name. My Italian doctor. I got a great doctor. Man, he's a good guy. His staff. Well, hey, nothing's perfect. I mean, you know, when you're working this time, when you live and working this time, you do the best you can. So like that Wendy's thing. Like I said, we love your meat Dave Thomas. But boy, some of your help. Oh, God. I would wish them on Eva Brown. And I'm talking about the real one. Sorry, Cheryl. We have an open line of day six, two, two, nine, four, six, three, six, two, two. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, how are you? Great. I got a nice mother's day story for you. Okay. The religious, uh, my mother recently remarried a Catholic a few years ago. Needless to say, she turned Catholic. Oh, my God. Originally, she was married to my father who was Muslim, then she was Muslim. Now she's Catholic. Yeah. She went from Muslims to Catholic. Uh-huh. Anyway, I just, uh, I just like, okay, whatever, you know. But a few months ago, my little brother, I have a little brother now seven years old. Is he circumcised? Yes. Oh, thank God. I was walking home with him and I asked him, you know, why don't you celebrate Halloween this year? Well, Daddy says Halloween is the Devil's Night Out. Yeah. So we couldn't celebrate Halloween. So, wait, and Daddy is this, uh, for a bit of Catholic, is that what you're saying? Right, the stepfather. The stepfather is like a very, very religious Catholic, and he says that Halloween is the Devil's Night Out. It's the work of the devil. That's what he told us seven year old boy, needless to say, I went nuts. I said, what kind of a stupid thing is that to say? Yeah. He and I, my, my, my, my, your Lucifer or Walter Sabo, that's our poll question today. Unbelievable. Talk about superstition. Now they're mad at me for being mad at him for saying that. You know what, you know what, you know what, I would feed him. I'd feed him some of that Jellau pudding. Yeah. Tell him to get out of his vehicle and head for your reign as they're both heavy integers. You know, oh, I don't know what to do, man. Bob of my sees man. I ignored as much as I can, but now I'm like, you know, I, I'd go to a Don Corleon. That's what I would do for justice, man. You got to go visit the Don. Yeah. Or maybe even Don Schuola. That are, take the crap out of him. There you go. That sounds better. Go call up Sonny. He'll take you, um, all right, Neil. Call up Sonny on a causeway. See if he's, uh, doing okay. All right. Good luck, pal. Thank God bless you. Thank you. Okay. Don't be doing a trick and treat neither. Maybe little treat a trick, but no treat. That's what the fruit will go. May says, he likes his tricks and his treats. We have two open line in day six to two nine four six three one and brown at seven six seven nine four six three on this amazing day and it's amazing place. Let's say amazing grace. Come on. All you religious assholes out there. Let's put our hands together. Let's light the candles. Let's rock back in fourth. Let's dovon. Let's pray. Let's sprinkle the Holy Water all over. Scored score. All right. That none peed and I forgot. 11 56 and double that was kind of cute. I would give it like a, well, about a five on a scale of 200 was okay. Hey, all you heat fans out there. All you heat fans, baby sunshine networks NBA playoff coverage of the Atlantic division champion Miami heat continues tonight as the Miami heat pursues their quest for a championship against the New York nicks. In this the most successful season in franchise history, the heat venture into the second round for the first time with Pat Riley facing his former team. Miami is writing a wave of emotion following a five game series with the magic while the next got to restart the engine following your first round sweep of Charlotte. Yeah. Okay. To an tonight is Tim Hardaway in Alonso Moore or an ink take on Patrick Ewing and Larry Johnson and all those other Graham. See the heat take on the next tonight on Sunshine Network pregame begins at 630. See why Sunshine be the leader in Florida sports coverage the heat and the next tonight. 610 WIOD. Meal Rogers. While you're goofing off it work. And that's a good idea. Thank you sir. 610 WIOD. Meal Rogers. Yo sports fans. It's Jimmy De here and I got trouble enough trying to remember people's names when he changed their names. After their famous things become even more difficult. Remember Trevor Burbick the boxer? Well, Trevor's got a new name. He's real, I don't know if he's a robber now or what but he changed his name to Israel. Chris Jackson did the same thing when he was in college. He was Chris Jackson. Now he's my move to a boom. Move for Ralph or something. Do all was saying. Same with Isaiah writing. In college he was Jay off. Now it's Isaiah. Notice nobody ever changes the name to Steve or Bob. It's always got to be a name that makes a sound like a suspect in the world tradesend to vomit. All through sports history this has been half a cash. His play became mom and I laid who else. Sinball became Karima Pugier bar and so a Chicillo Neil didn't have the change. Name was stupid in the first place. A couple years ago Mike Tyson was thinking about an name change but he decided to get sick because he had enough trouble going his old one. Another thing I noticed is how can you never see white guys changing their names? Arnold Palmer becomes Amad Abdullah. Larry Burb changes his old Alimugambo Rabal. The closest thing we got to avoid actually changing his name is Kanye Harding's ex husband Jeff Goulouly. He had a hearing in Portland to change his name to Jeff Stone and there were a bunch of people that fight and did change in court. I didn't even know you could do that. One of the guys pro-descent was an actor named Paul Peterson who played a character named Jeff Stone on the Donna Reed Show. He was outraged and said his reputation could be ruined. I don't want questions Jeff. What reputation? Not only ain't your real name. Nobody remembers you. You could be dead and we wouldn't know what care. At least the guy that took your name out of you, stick. Remember that hunting, the Lullaby Haimum video. Maybe that's where people get confusing. A rack up to chicks. I say you get an amulet born you ought to be stuck with it. No changes for any reason. If you parents will baste it, then you're screwed. I'm a Mubo Kubo and that's what I think. Thank you so much. 12.05 at W.I.O.D. on a great Wednesday here at the home of his stereo man where everybody's running around and circles going a little bit like that. We got lots of open lines now again. At noon yesterday too. We actually built up a little momentum just before noon like maybe a call. And then noon came and all of a sudden, okay, we don't care no more. You can't do that to us, man. You can't do this to us. We're dying over here. Two open lines a day. Six to two nine four six three to end Broward 7679 four six three. Here's Papano. Hello. Time caller. All right. All right. Hey, I got a question, a comment and a request. Yes. Okay. We're getting six to him. W.I.O.D. Neil Rogers. While you're goofing off, it worked. And that's a good idea. Thank you, sir. Six to end W.I.O.D. Neil Rogers. Yo sports fans, it's Jimmy D. here and I got trouble enough trying to remember people's names when they changed their names after their famous things become even more difficult. Remember Trevor Burbick, the boxer? Well, Trevor's got a new name. He's real, Pete Burbick. I don't know if he's a rabbi now or what but he changed his name to Israel. Chris Jackson did the same thing when he was in college. He was Chris Jackson. Now he's my mood. I'm doing a move for Ralph or something. I'd go with say. Same with Isaiah right in college. He was J.R. Now it's Isaiah. Notice nobody ever changes the name to Steve or Bob. It's always got to be a name that makes him sound like a suspect in the world trades at the bombing. All through sports history, this has been happened. Cashy slavery came out and I lay in L.L. Sinba became Karima, Gugvar and so on. Chicchio on Neil didn't have to change his name. We were stupid in the first place. A couple years ago Mike Tyson was thinking about an aim change but he decided to get into because he had enough trouble going as old one. Another thing I noticed is how can you never see white guys changing their names? Arnold Palmer becomes a mob of Dula. Larry Burb changes his tool. Ali Mugambo Rabal. The closest thing we got to a white athlete changes name is Kanye Hottings ex husband Jeff Goulouly. He had a hearing in Portland that changed his name to Jeff Stone and there were a bunch of people there fighting to change in court. I didn't even know you could do that. One of the guys' pro-descent was an actor named Paul Peterson who played a character named Jeff Stone on the Donna Reed Show. He was outraged and said his reputation could be ruined. I got one question Jeff. What reputation? Not only ain't your real name, nobody remembers you. You could be dead and we wouldn't know what you're saying. At least the guy that took your name out of you, stick. Remember that hotting ballooning on him in video? Who? Maybe that's where people get confusing or rack up to chicks. I say you get a name when you're born, you ought to be stuck with it. No changes for any reason. If you parents go best, then you're screwed. I'm a mobile couple and that's what I think. Thank you so much. 12.05 at W.I.O.D. on a great Wednesday here at the home of his stereo man where everybody's running around in circles going, woo-hoo-hoo, it like that. We got lots of open lines now again. At noon yesterday too. We actually built up a little momentum just before noon like maybe a call and then noon came and all of a sudden okay we don't care no more. You can't do that to us man. You can't do this to us. We're dying over here to open lines in day six to two nine four six three to end Broward seven six seven nine four six three here's Poppano. Hello. Time caller. All right. All right. Hey I got a question, a comment, and a request. Yes. Okay. Forget about the request. We're not doing over request. We want verbal intercourse today. Forget this request stuff. Well it kind of go hand in hand with the the fact or the fact stuff. Yeah. We'll think about it. Okay. Anyways, a question. I never really got an answer or found out an answer about what happened to Ron and Ron. Why the left is that a four. Can you answer that? They didn't leave Zeta for the Paxon people panic because Howard came on a year and they panicked and realized that Howard was going to blow them out of the water and so they blew that show off. And then in their infinite wisdom they bought the network a couple of years later and put them on a year here and they're doing like fractions man. The numbers are so small. You need to magnify glass to see them. That's that's weird because the typical way that only Paxon can do. Yes. I was here in all kinds of rumors that there are sexual allegation. No, there were not. And nothing like that. I had nothing to do with that. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. That good. Okay. I'm going to do with desperate ratings as in none. Yeah. Comment. Yes. I was in the army. I had basic and AIT over at Fort Dixon of Jersey. Yes. It's kind of surprising that hearing about this drill sergeant and the sergeant major, the army and everything like that. Now all this is suddenly coming out of the closet. Yeah, at least he was living up to his name anyway. Yeah, or he was sergeant. Yeah. Well, anyways. When I was in AIT, we would have the guys in the first four. Girls would be on the second. Yeah. I would see the girls in formation the next day. A couple of them coming down in here because a couple of the drill sergeants were up there and put some kind of, you know. I got you there. Yeah. Yeah. So it's kind of surprising for me to hear that all of a sudden all this stuff is coming out. This stuff should have been out a long time ago. Yeah. And just like that Graham James with the hockey players man, all this stuff has been swept out of the carpet for years. Like the thing with all the priest, the child molesting priest, they just sweep it out of the carpet as long as nobody knows about it, just keep it a secret. Well, they don't want to hear it. Right. You know, anyway, because one thing we know in a military man, the rate no sex going on. Thank God for that. Now it's not even good more in the military. No way, not out there at the Navy, not in the Marines in the Navy when those guys are out there on those ships. For months at a time, we know the rate nobody do nothing out there. They're not even touching themselves. What about their wives back home? Exactly. Yeah. Uh-huh. Anyways, they're quests I got to make. Maybe they're getting drilled by the dentist. Yeah, good. They're quest I got to make? Yeah. The gate squared ants. Gaze squared ants. Yeah. See what you're going to do is make this in a way, uh, in a where we question now. Well, I don't mean to, but you know, it's pretty heavy. Yeah. Round and long to the Gaze squared ants got a great big zipper in the back of my pants. I get off the horse at the old barn door. Got the saddle turned around. I'm riding on the horse. Looking sad folks are dancing all around. There goes Johnny and his mother's not yet. All of a man left and all of a man right. All of a man needs his pillow too bad. Give your partner a silly smirk. All going hand for a big circle jerk. Volunteers all raise your hand. Who's going to be the next pivot man? In fact, your partner home for a drink, lick your lips and give him a wait. But the great big smile and a great big knot. Letting know your jurbles be closed. Okay. 1209 at WIDD. Here it is. This is the moment of truth. Just like yesterday, we arrived at the same moment. Right around the same time, too. Maybe it's part of the new format. Two open lines in date County. 62294636222WIDD. We're talking about guys who've been in the Navy who used to do each other out there at sea. And we have in other words, real semen. And we're our proud white open 7679463. Anybody in the Navy ever see real semen or just make believe 767 WIDD and Broward completely white open. That is a door nail as they leave us in the lurch again. Well, I sure makes you have to wonder, don't it? Here's Carl Gable. Hello. Yeah, how's it going? Okay, sir. Neil, yesterday you were talking about a kid who got trouble with having a computer given flag around his neck. Yes? Okay. I go to that same school that we went to. Yeah. And you were saying that he should be able to wear it. But the school said he couldn't because it was beads and I was gang-related. Yeah, everything with beads is gang-related right. Well, the first of all, the dean of students at the school, Volca High, which is, you know, she is Cuban. The other thing is that kid, Pira Eira, who's a boy who was wearing the Cuban flag, yes. It's in a gang. So, you know, people are taking it the wrong way. What did mean by that? Well, for one thing, okay, people think, you know, he should be able to wear the flag. So he's in is he in a Cuban gang? No. So what is the Cuban flag you have to do with the gang? Well, just the way that he wears it, you know, he's like trying to get all lands together and- Well, what do you mean just the way that he wears it? Does he wear it on his neck or does he wear it on his neck? I mean, where does he wear it? He wears on his neck. Yeah, so what does that mean? If I wore it, if I wore a star of David around my neck, does that mean I'm trying to get all the Jews together? I'm an O-Jamaevocator? No, no, no, no. So, but you just got through saying that, yes, yes, you just said that. But you see no beads or gang related anyway. To get out of here beads are gang related. I got your beads over. How about rosary beads? Those two, yeah. Yeah, okay, excellent point. Thank you. Now you're making sense. Okay, now we're. Beads. Huh? What about those butt beads? Are you? Brettoom beads? Are you crazy? Yeah, that's gang related to isn't gang bang. Look at this one call. I've done a board. Okay, this calls for drastic measures. Now, let's see. Let me just reach over here. Oh, we got Bill. Don't forget about old Bill. It's timely. Help yourself with Peggy Scott Adams. We could play that Beatles song. That's five and a half minutes. We got one call left on the board there. And now the audience is decided to show us over. Parties over, guys. It's all over. Okay, two complete this game. I have never, ever. How could have, how have I lasted 21 years in this town, man? I've never seen so many deadheads in my life. We got six hundred and eighty five juicy hot topics going here today. There was anybody out there who even make the effort to pick up their instrument or their phone. Six two two WIOD and I'm telling you man, this is contagious. It reminds me. No wonder why as we have when Joey started working on a weekend, on this station years ago. Not not not years and long enough, but I mean years ago. And I'll I'd come in there to do some work. Like we were putting up the Camille sauce stuff together at that time. The best of on a weekend. And I come in and Abis sitting there with Bill Marshall. And I look at the phone. It would be there would be not a call. And I'd say to myself, that's not possible. This is WIOD. We never have a situation like that. And it kind of like it gets contagious. It's like a disease that spreads. And that's what's going on with this radio station right now. Can't imagine why for the life of me. So what do you think about those two bull dikes? Why don't we adopt that geek kid, Dave County. We got two open lines still in Dave. It's six two two nine four six three. It's either you call or we're playing Peggy Scott Adams and Bill. Bill, that drag queen, whatever it hell it is. My husband ran off with Bill. And it was a real thrill, but not for me. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. You were talking before about Karen K. Did you catch the fact that she hates these homeless guys selling the newspapers on the street? Yeah, somebody called about that. Yeah. I couldn't believe how much she was like the queuing of any guys of earning a living. She was such a brat. What did she do before this? Exactly. She was part time bitch in Trenton, New Jersey on some make believe radio station. What did she know or you know what to get this job? You already know the answer to that. She talks about it all the time. She's the girlfriend of the consultant, Walters Sabo, Sabo, Sabo, Sabo, rhymes with I don't know as in Sabo. Well, you mentioned Joe Erenos. This what, Joey Reynolds was a genius in comparison to this. I agree. I mean, I couldn't agree more. I remember that show that you had told about when Joey when you were there that Saturday and Joey asked you to come on and you were bashing him right then and there on that show. Yeah. I will never forget that one. That was classic. I am that him right, right? But this one makes Joey Reynolds and I never thought I'd say this. This one makes Joey. See, look, I can't even believe the station has crumbled so bad. It has. It has. I'm sitting here, man. I didn't do it, man. Okay. Thank you Lord. I'm counting the minutes. Thank you so much. Okay. Not too much of a flicker here. Wild. What? This is lifeless. Oh, they just call and don't say anything. Okay. So, others, we got a bunch of assholes or consons. I thought a bunch just one. I thought we were going to, you know, I'm talking about in general there once I went through my thing. They were about threatening to play to record. We had a like a whole bunch of flurry of 8 million lines ringing, but they have nothing to say. As in Broward, not a single 2 million people in Broward and just like yesterday, there's not one person on their man. I think I better take the whole summer off. It's what I better do. I better like as in today. Better start today. Better slap on some tapes today. We'll run all the spots back to back. 622, Wild in date, all three day lines waiting on you. 767, 463 in Broward, two on the out of town lines, 14 on the purple lines, 172 on the Mahagini lines. What do you think about that $9,000 engagement ring anyway? Should he get it back or what? Come on. Let's hear about this. This is important stuff. Don't you understand it? 1215 at Wild. Wonderful. I'll look deep. Blood could be a nice thing. 610, Wild. Put my 10 at Wild. Join us with our topic today. Why do four people reproduce like rabbits? I have no question. Yeah, I grew up through Sabo in a black and sedan. I want to hop inside my company car. I got the pictures. In fact, it needs to be out of my hand. I'm good at thinking you were ready. O stop. I'm both your save of baby. I can do anything I want to do. I'm your consultant woman. And I'm gonna be consulting you under the castle. Unaccept show. I can't afford belong. I've got the boy up. I've got the power to mold in control. No, I do. Where are how the way to get your own show? I have a station out in Hollywood. And I don't care if you're ready to mold. Just as long as you can stroke me, go back to them. I'm all the same, Bob A. B. And you'll do anything I want to do. I'm your consultant woman. Spare your legs when I desire you. I'm gonna mold you. I am only a little bit stuck in the river. That's why I'm like insulting because I'm just an asshole. Oh, no. 1220 at W. I. O. D. Happy Wednesday. We hope you're having a great day. Don't forget Mom, this Sunday, man. It's Mudders Day. Take her out to like a real great restaurant. Like, what's that place where my mother always goes that horrible place where they have like chicken? Oh, what is it, even that place? It's like a chain. Swiss Shelley. That's exactly it. Very good. The Swiss Shelley. Can you imagine taking your mother to the Swiss Shelley for Mother's Day? Oh, fah. I can't think of anything more grotesque. She likes it. Okay, let's go to a mobile in Boka. Hello. Hey, I mean, I do a great. Hey, I got a new car yesterday and I just couldn't believe it. I was sitting there setting up the stations when I got to the AL. I usually put 610 right at the first one because I want to make sure I can get to you. And then I realized that I'm not going to need 610 anymore. So I put it way down there on the right hand side and it's going to go right off the system as soon as you move over to 560. We're going to go right off the right hand side right past surf. Exactly. It's kind of like a sign-towl the other night, you know, being on the memory call, making sure, you know, who is number one and number. I now have 560 on my number one spot there because that's where you're going. Yeah. So I just, it's it's happening. It's just, it's amazing. It is happening. What is that actual switch over? I, you're asking me. I have no idea. You have no idea. This is the strangest deal in the history of mankind. It is. Some saan or before January 1st. Hopefully. Hopefully. Hopefully. I want to do a back serve. My wife Suzanne, you're a pregnant douchebag. Okay. See ya. Hope she don't know any, by the way. I'm guiding light. We have two open lines in day and 6229463. 6222Wild. We have one in Broward 7679463. 767Wild. Our topic today is should those bull dives give back that diamond engagement ring? Here's a, what does that mean? Is that his name? Is that, what does that mean? Christian and Davy? Oh, a Christian and Davy. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, first of all, I've listened to you for years and I love you. Yes. Oh, just like God loves the center. He hates the sin. Oh, yeah, right. Well, listen. Anyways, that's what it is. That's what need to Brian used to say before she went bankrupt. Yeah. Well, listen. You know, I don't hate everyone. I really care for everyone. And, and I don't have any animosity towards anyone. I want to get that straight. But, no, there's no but. But, but, but, but, but, but, but, no, but it sounded like a preface to something else. No, I sounded like a, I guess, you know, a man makes it in the, a little while ago regarding Halloween. And that started in with the druids. And a lot of people don't understand. Well, let me ask you a question. Okay. What difference does it make? How it got started? Don't we know what it means today? Don't we know how it, there's a fun thing for people to go out and pester their neighbors and get their kids a bunch of candy and get them sick and for perverts to put like razor blades and apples. And that's what it's all about. That's the purpose. Well, could I tell you that? It has nothing to do with religion. It has nothing to do with the devil. It has nothing to do with the druids. It has nothing to do with looser ver. It has nothing to do with Jews or Goi. Everybody else. It's just a night of fun for people in their little, papp, pucky kids. That's all. Okay. Well, I'm very simple. Okay. Well, I respect your opinion. Can you look inside the opinion? It's a fact. Well, can't, can you listen? What I have to say? I'll be delighted. All right. Listen. All right. And the early 1200s. Okay. The druids, they've started. Why do you keep going back to this again? Well, listen to me because you don't understand. It's crap. That's crazy. It's really, it's really, really good. He's totally wrong. I will listen. They would have child sacrifices. They'd have a candle in her. They'd like to candle with human fat. And and and and all of me ask you this were you there to see this? Well, do you believe that Napoleon and Hitler existed? Napoleon and Hitler. I believe, yeah, they both existed right. Okay. Well, that's history. We're Napoleon and Hitler back in the 12th century. Well, listen, that was history. Oh, trying to say is an how much Shakespeare did he exist? Of course he did. Yeah, was that his real name? Do we know how about there? There's all kinds of historical people that we didn't even know for sure if that was the real name. If they were some of them, if they we even existed. Well, I guess in 500 years. But what does that have to do with anything? Why are you giving me a history? A tortured fractured fairy tale history lesson here that has something I just got through telling you what Halloween's all about? What are you trying to say? Listen. My Barbisan iglesia friend, what are you trying to say? And 500 years ago, this new writer existed. Okay. Forget about that. What is the, what are the druids have to do with the way that Halloween is celebrated now? Well, it started out as an acquirna. I don't care how it started out. Let me say it again. You're like that you're the most definitive typical religious asshole. They're all you're all the same. You just keep repeating the same crap and you just keep going like a steamer or out of control. If somebody asks you a question, you can't be bothered because you know you can't answer the question. Can I answer it? I'm waiting. Okay. One last shot. All right. One last shot. Okay. You thought, you thought, you thought, you thought about Jesus and he said that he is the way in the Jesus has got nothing to do with Halloween. Let's get back to Halloween. Because he's okay. Okay. Two open lines in day. It's 622Wild to and Broward 767. Goiam 767 Wild and to one out of town lines. These religious people man, this hoax, pocus and you know something these guys who are offing themselves, this heavens gate of this cult, it's not helping at all. You think that at least if anything that these people dying might wake up somebody out there and realize that all this religious horse crap is nothing more than horse crap. Superstition and bull crap. It's garbage. And here's the guy, how can I try? Who didn't say anything? Who started defending this other Catholic guy who's also a comic because Lucifer and Halloween are like go hand in gland or whatever it was. And now this guy's talking about the druids and crap that allegedly happened like 8 million years ago, which didn't have it in the first place. But who cares if it did? What does it got to do with the price of rice in Pioria anyway? Nothing. But don't try to have a conversation because he's just going to keep rolling right along there with a blinder saw right down the old Hershey highway. But of course he don't have nothing against anybody. He's just a good Christian. Two open lines in date County. Come on, let's get with it. Okay, how can you be sitting on your dead ass after a great call like that? What do you think thumbs up or thumbs down? Lucifer or the devil? Which one you like better? Same thing? I thought Lucifer was a cat. A pussy? Two open lines in date, two in Broward. Six, two, two, two, Wild, two in Broward. We may have to take a break here just because it's so agitating, you know what? 1220 or because it's scheduled. 1227 at Wild. Six, ten, Wild. Wonderful. I'll do do. I pooped my pants. Six, ten. Wild. I don't have a poop. Crazy trying to find a cool costume. Yes, you're bringing you back. You go as swaps and niggers then at the party. 20 more Terminator Closer I'll say and I'll be back. You'll be something, treat me something, scary, no doubt. Like, be me home and we're about to get a new one. I think you're more costume when you treat your treat. Get a new one, two, three, three, get a new one. I think you're more costume when you treat your treat. Get a new one, two, three, get a new one. I think you're more costume when you treat. Freddie Krugger Jason or pregnant nuns were good at today's album and done. Anyway, the chicken is giving us costumes when the contest just like last year. It's a given. 1233 at WIOD, our topic today. Halloween is it a lot of fun. Where's it to work at the devil? Is it Lucifer in drag? That's what it's all about. How about those druids, dammit? How about those human sacrifices that's a Jews in the Christian. Oh, sorry about that. Shouldn't brought that into it? We have two open lines in day and six, two, two, nine, four, six, three, six, two, crazy religious people with their fairy tales and superstition and bubble my suits. That's our topic today and tomorrow and the next day in the year after that. Here's Carl Gables on a mobile. Hello. I'll go now. Yes, sir. How are we going today? Great. It's your pie's eye from Carl Gables here. And I want the first thing I want to say is that news guy that guy doesn't use hilarious. Very funny. We love him. And I said, give me a break. He has me a break. He is the best. He blows. He blows chunks. I want to talk about, I want to talk about the dice. Yeah. Now, I mean, if no one else wants these children, why the hell not? Even if someone else wants to talk about that, are you serious? I don't want to talk about that. No. No, call up Kieran K. She's probably going to be talking about that again tomorrow night. Okay. Well, then I'm about Jesus' priest. Yeah. Whatever. Speaking of Jesus' priest, that one won't stop calling. Who? The last one, the Halloween guy. What do you mean he won't stop calling? The conversation is over. That's it. He didn't want to have a conversation. Oh, I had to hear. I'm listening. These people, about Halloween or whatever. Yeah. Give me a break. I'm not covered with it. You see, you only need to get off it. There's just freaks. But they're all out there, man. They're there. They're out there. Millions of them. They're so, it's such a hypocrisy. They're such a paradox in what they say. It's ridiculous. Okay. Thank you so much. Okay. We have two open lines in it. What is the guy saying when he's calling you back? Does he understand what's the king always the king? But what's the queen's enough? He's praying for us. You go, go, pray. Go put your hands together. Go, go, rub your rosary beads. Probably a gang member. Probably got beads all over the house. You beat the I'd geek you asshole. Oh, yeah. I mean, you know, you try to have a conversation with people like that. I mean, it's great stuff. But you can only go so long when they keep repeating the same crap and they keep wandering all over the place because it has nothing to do with a question. The question is, what did it have to do with Halloween today? And he couldn't answer the question. He knew he couldn't answer it. So he's going, bap bap bap bap bap bap bap. Hey, talking kaka. I'm telling you, man, there. Why is it? Why doesn't anybody in this goddamn country have the balls to talk about this bull crap? All this money being flushed down the toilet with this religious crap? People are starving to death and people are sitting around praying for him. How about giving him something to eat for Christ's sakes? Oh, no. We're sitting around like he's praying for us. Okay. Save your time pal. Do us a favor. W i o d. Yeah. No. Same guy, right, you're it. Got killed. Yeah. Yeah. Same guy. Same guy. He doesn't have anything good. He's a wonderful guy. Yeah. You sound like a real wonderful guy to me. Go get a hobby. Okay. Go try sticking your rosary beads in your back. Go like get a big thrill. Okay. In fact, Aaron's going to be coming back tonight to talk just about that. About anal glove beads. Two open lines in day. It's six, two, two. W i o d. One in Brown. You better call right now. I'm telling you that you're going to burn in hell forever. You're going to be in purgatory with Groucho marks and wait till that damn duck comes down. You're going to really be up a spit's creek. I'm telling you that. You're going to be up Mark's spit's creek. A Greek creek. How is Mark's spit's? By the way, he's a dentist. Oh my god. Nice Jewish boy. He looked pretty good for a couple of minutes. Here's a lady in four lotterdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Good. I'm waiting for more of these religious nuts to call in. I love it. I want to hear from every one of them. All the good believers out there. All you cheese is freaks. All you Abraham and Moses freaks. All you Orthodox group balls that are dovinning and rocking back and forth with your mumbo jumbo. I love it. I have a bunch of bull crab. Are you there? I'm here. Okay. I have a story to tell you about a Bible something. I told who came to where I was. Is there any other kind? All right. Exactly. Exactly. Okay. I do nail the guy and I have this client who comes and he gets his manicure every week. Yeah. He fits down and he tells me over and over about how I'm told because I'm Jewish and all the Jews are going to have on the Muslims are going to have a nice church every Sunday. Isn't that charming? And what do you do for him? I'm sorry. What is your relationship to him? Oh, I'm a manicure. He's on my client. I'd chop his fingers right off. Right? Exactly. Go get better. He goes and I'll earn arm free just to me every week. And then I was wearing a straw of a swir... Are you really that desperate that you need to listen to some jackass like that? No. I finally pull a leaf. I finally told him the leaf. But the point of the story is that he always tells me that after he bitches at me and you know preachers for me he tells me how much you love my legs and he wants to take you to the beach. Right. Oh God. Oh God. That's good. Exactly. I have never in my life met or read about or heard about any of these self-proclaimed religious freaks who isn't the biggest damn horny bastard on a face of the earth. They are doing everybody. Thank you. And this guy's like 60 years old on 19 and he can't get his cloth off of me and I just wanted to kill him. Anyway, that's my story. Good God. Have a great day. You too. Bye. We have an open line in day at 6-2-2. Halloween man. That's our topic today. We finally sunk our teeth into something that we can really sink it in do. That we can really go nuts about. And what about those bats and those cats? Evil, evil, evil. Like I said, the cats. I think the guy's got a point. I never thought about the cat part. Every cat on the face of the earth is an evil creature. Each and every cat is evil. Don't ever just look at their eyes man if you get that close without getting spooked. Oh, sorry. We have an open line in the purple line. Pound IOD. We have an open line in it. I bet your black people don't have cats. Black people tend to be very superstitious because many of them are not generalizing. Yes. Black people as a whole as a whole. Bracom tend to be a little on the superstitious. And of course, who isn't superstitious? It's like when I'm filling up my tank with gas, I never like stopping. I'm number 13. Do you? I don't care a bit. I like to squeeze a little bit extra with a little extra. Well, I always like to squeeze a little bit extra just in case something might happen. We have with us this phone thing man is pathetic. This is pathetic. We're solving all the problems that the human race right here and you people are such a bunch of bung holes that you don't even have the energy to pick up the phone and scream and yell that guy should have you hysterical hysterical. The guy with his bull crap about Halloween. He's condemning each and every one of you and you know something, I think he's got another good point. Keep all these people with their pain and he has kids away from my door. In addition to which save, probably save a hell of a lot of lives too. Not only are you poisoning the kids with this tons of sugar. We wonder while these kids are like a hyper ventilating and jumping up and down like same-vide as dance. It's the American sugar disease. You're killing your kids and yourselves with sugar. Sugar kills, baby. Don't ever forget it. Killer carbs and what's the number one killer carb? Sugar. Ah, Sukkhar. Sukkhar. That's it. Killer. So let's ban Halloween. What do you say? Let's do it right now. First we'll get rid of the tools on the turnpike. Then we're going to ban freaking Halloween. How about we'll send the kids around and they can get money instead. Not a my house. Here's Pemberg Pine. Hello. Yeah, sir. Hey, how you doing? Great. I heard that bitch last night. Well, I was taking a shower. We're back to her again at bitch. Well, I was just calling because you were talking about a stupid topic that you were talking about. Yeah, that hurt. In bitch. Like 15, 20 minutes and I shut it off. She just doesn't get it. Nobody cares about that. Nobody cares. I mean, everybody cares about Halloween. I got something today, man. It thanks to my good Christian friend. I got a good topic here today. Halloween. You're absolutely correct about the sugar. I cut out sugar about a year ago. I think I'm going to the active diadrine. I just sort of play a record ball and cut out the sugar. And I want to say something else. I'm going to tell you one other thing. Not only is sugar so harmful. It is I've said this before. I want to say it again. The most addictive substance far more addictive than any drug than alcohol and tobacco nicotine. It is the most addictive substance known to mankind and all these grave robbers are the governments all concerned about smoking and cigarettes that they're suing this one. And in any time the people who are making a sugar man, they are the biggest killers on the face of the earth. More people get strokes and heart attacks and diabetes and every other goddamn disease from sugar. And it's in everything you can eat. There's more sugar hidden in the American diet than you can check your stick at. Listen, enclosing? Yes. Carlos, you're a douchebag. And keep it up, pal. And you're diet too. Two open lines in Broward, 7679. For what is that? What is that? What did Leslie just bring in there? Am I supposed to mind my own business? God's medicine. Remember that lady said she was bringing you by a cheese. Oh great. Excellent. They outstanding. I could use a little right now. I could use little spritz. Maybe I can spray some in my water to stick to cheesecake. I don't want to cheesecake. Who wants the cheesecake? Well, who's that from? Oh, that's from her? I don't want that. I'm going to mommy's for lunch today. I don't want somebody to ruin my lunch. Everybody keeps sending me food that I don't want. I thank you so much. I don't want your cheesecake. You eat it and see how it is. I'm sure it's great. It's free. We have an open line of Broward 7679, 4663, 7679, 4663, rhymes with free. Thank you so much, Leslie. And thank you for that. What is this? Fight a missed. Now, what is this? What is in this? ODATA. Thank you so much sweetheart. What was your name? Her name is, uh, we don't have her name. Brandy's place. God's medicines, health foods, and supplements. 109077 Westixie Highway in North Miami Beach. 190th and Westixie. Let me just shake it for a minute. And this thing too. Ain't nothing happened in George. It's not your Prince and out. Oh, I don't. Good stuff. So thanks again to God's Medachini. God's medicines there in, uh, oh, my hand. Look, say here the sound of that. You can hear the difference already. Like I said, thank you so much. Wow, DATA managed good for it. Good for your immune system. It's good for what else you. Good for hammerheads too. Just put a little in your rectum. You'll never see one again. It's the 50-50 mix of today's hits. And every kid does. Look, I almost was 5-8-110 pounds in blonde. If not for little sperm problem on a third of my father. Maybe with my mother's hand yesterday, they spoke it's suction by the consultants. They know nothing. They know absolutely, but they're going to give you a big song to dance. Whatever they tell you by the way, stuff they stole from me and other people for our successful. The best variety in South Florida. Double UIOD. Two open lines in day. These people there are spastic. They're here. They're there. They're gone. They don't have the courage of their convictions. They're not going to tangle with me. All those good believers out there like that Jack asked before. They could Christian. That's giving us fractured fairy tales. Even bullwinkle never saw fractured fairy tales like those. But working like at some of those human fat candles. The exactly, well, you can doven over them on Friday night like my grandma, like my bubble used to do. And you can rock back and forth and doven. But blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I don't have to. No, yeah, exactly. Cut the crap. Quit living in a stone age already coming to the 20th century. Wake up and use your brain if you got one. If you went in for liposuction, could you request that the doctor saved your fat so that you could take it home and make candles out of it? And off we're talking. Probably Steve will have a spot on for that by the end of next week. Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello. Mobile in for Lauderdale. Going once. Going twice. Thank you. WIOD. Hey, yeah. Yeah. I'll go. Okay. Listen. You think if Axon wasn't such a Bible thumb for his treatment of you would have been different? I haven't got any. I know. I don't think that's got anything you do with it. I think he just had an asshole. I think he knows nothing about this business. I think he brought in a guy who sold him a bill of goods named Walter Sabo. And he really believes that this guy is going to reinvent me and reinvent talk radio. And thank God. I'm getting a hell out. All right. The Mike parents with him is like they can't seem to separate the business from there. You know something that religious, I'm, let me say it again. The meeting I had with him several weeks ago. Every other word was effeness and esthetic. God, oh yeah. He's that all that crap is just for show. I don't believe that he's in any of that stuff. Also the word hypocrite comes to mind. The user when it suits them bad. Exactly. Exactly. It's unbelievable. He has something to say now. Okay. Back to you. The only, the only guy that he worships is on a dollar bill. We have two open lines in Broward 7679463 767WIOD. And we have an open line in date 6222. And we have two in Palm Beach and the rest of the universe in one triple eight four seven four nine four six three. Let's get our gelo putting before Bill Cosby's out of our lives forever. And before any more of these people off themselves and CNN's got any more great video tapes to show. Sure. Kills him. Good time. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. If they didn't have a devil, what would be the sense of having a Christ? Yeah. So that's why they have to promote it. Meaning without an evil. There's no reason for their good. Like Madeline here. Like Madeline here said before she disappeared. Religion without a hell isn't worth a damn. That was exactly her quote. Yeah. Exactly. It's right. You got to scare the hell out of the people. Okay. If anybody really believes that if there was a God, he would for you would cause you to burn and hell forever. What kind of a God is that? Not kind of a sick twisted God is that. That's right. We're supposed to be a loving God and Yadi Adiyati but also was a selfish God. How can God be perfect and also be selfish isn't there like a little contradiction there? Of course it is. And it's all ridiculous. Even a child if they sit down and they read any of this crap. They say this is ridiculous. This is stuff for Simpletons. People don't really just blinded by everything. They're just brainwashed on their two stupid. They're too lazy to think for themselves and get a new phone. They're too lazy to get a new phone. So they're Steven J. Gray who's also sick and tired of that news guy. That Jackass that arrogant egotistical pop-as-a-word-winning Jackass. We have an open line in date. 62-2-W-I-O-D. We have one in Broward 767-W-I-O-D. Yeah, everybody around here. All this new-ray G-man. They're all big shots. They're all bossing everybody around and oh, give me this and get me that. Yeah, big deal. We're really impressed with your award. Okay? John Milford, Bradford, Dushbag, the third. We're really impressed. You wouldn't know a news story if it's slid inside Uranus. Here's Boca, hello. I need a hell of you. Great. I've actually listened to you back in the WMW S-days. Yeah. You know, sometimes I agree with you and sometimes I don't. And I guess this is one of the times I don't agree with you. Well, I know you're show is satire and quite frankly no one does a better than you in terms of satire and what. That's right. But there's one thing that I needed to mention and that has to do with some, not all. But apart of the two of you who you were using, for example, a lot of the two of you who you were, I think is fantastic. Like the song, the true to your shoe and a lot of the other stuff. Well, that's not your about the good stuff. All right, you have the bad stuff. Here's the bad stuff. All right. Here's the bad stuff. All right. Here's the stuff that bothers me. Bad stuff, according to you. You're going to you. Okay. You know, a lot of people don't know that you're Jewish and sometimes how could they not how could there be somebody on the you're using yetis words who could up wouldn't be Jewish? Well, okay. When I'm ridiculous. Okay. But what I'm really saying is that sometimes you be like saying to Molly Goldberg, don't say OEV because a lot of people don't know your Jewish. Okay. I guess what I'm really saying is sometimes you'll say things like do bitch or do you can do and what I think it does at least in my opinion is that I think it's fuel some of the, you know, the anti-Sum i.e. I get out of here. Give me a break. I mean, are you talking about ridiculous? Well, no, I, you know, I'm going to tell you any people who don't have a sense of humor. That's one thing about the Jews. Look at all of great Jewish comedians. The one reason the Jews have survived all these years is because they've always had a great sense of humor, even in the middle of the worst adversity they've got a sense of humor. I'm just saying that there are times where you'll get an anti-Semitic call or to, you know, on the air. And I think some of them feel that at the Torxio host makes these kind of comments on the air. It adds more. And how long do I put up with anti-Semitic calls? Well, you don't. How long do I put up with anti-Cubin calls even though I use words like spick and holy O'N stuff like that? People with a sense of humor listen to this show. And the other people that don't have a sense of humor, they're listening in the closet and I feel sorry for them. I just, you know, that's just my opinion. And I know that, for example, when, you know, like the term, Jew, bitch or whatever, if someone other than a Jewish person said that, it would be highly offensive. There are many things you say on the air. Why don't you go back to Canada, you do bastard? See, I didn't even say it. I know, but that's one of the things, but the bottom of the way, man, that's another one of the things. Well, not the use it, but the recording that you just play. Yeah, that's also offensive, yeah. Well, when I say there's a lot of Jewish people. How about if I say you go back to, is that okay? No, it's not okay. He's about what I'm saying is, how about you spick? How about you spick bastard? No, it's not okay. You, but I'm all I'm saying. How about you dumpish parts of you? How would that be? In closing, all I'm saying is there's a lot of Jewish human use that I think is great. Oh, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, that's fine. And you know, something I'm going to continue doing what I do. Okay. That's just my, I don't see one thing I don't do is ask the audience to call in here and give me instructions as to how to do the show. We have plenty of people on this station who could use them instruction, believe me desperately, but I'm not one of them. All right, just my opinion. Psycho zone. Was he Jewish? We have two open lines in dates. Huh? Humorless hike. Exactly. Six, two, two, nine, four, six, three, two open lines in date. And we have an open line at Broward, seven, six, seven. Let's get back to the Halloween stuff. Okay. I think the guy had an excellent point. Halloween is a disgusting road test, satanic holiday and all those evil cats and bats and spirits. They're, you can smell it in the air. Can't you at Halloween time and go out to, or is that just all that rotting candy in the fruit? Too much rotten fruit. Here's Tamara. Hello. Me? You're that to you? You're not prejudiced. You pick on everybody. Boy. Yes. There is a sign that there is a god, though. I'll probably let it's a Jew in Tamara. Yeah. Did you read last week or the week before I need a Brian to clear back? Yes, I did. I've mentioned that several times and thank you so much for mentioning again. All right, last but not least because I missed the morning. You did mention, friend, the big article? Yes, I did. And then again, we were, we were, we had it yesterday. We were on it yesterday. The woman buried in a wedding dress. You got it and closing. You've heard the term serial killer. Yeah. It's a serial killer. A guy who goes cook for Coco puffs. No, frosted flakes. Thank you. Have a great day. Too much frosted flakes. And you want it to why? Because it's loaded with azu, god, baby. It's loaded with sugar, sugar, sugar. Sugar is making more people hysterical and more people hyper and jump off the walls and your little kids are crazy. Why? Because you're loading them with sugar. Even all the baby foods. And if you look at the label, most of it's loaded with sugar. It's the American way of killing the population with a great taste and talk about addictive. Anybody else out there? I'm sure there are plenty of other people who even have a worse addiction than I do. Although I have no idea how that's possible. I am telling you, man, if I eat something with sugar in it, there is no such thing as eating only one. If there was a box of a hundred, I could eat one or two with the best of intentions and with an amount of 20 30 minutes, they're all gone. I don't care whether it's candy. I don't care whether it's cookies. I don't care whether it's like a half gallon of ice cream. If I start eating something with sugar in it, it stimulates my appetite to the point where I just practically am killing myself with sugar. And you don't hear the government talking about that. Because it's big business. I don't hear anybody out here. One person out there, all these people that want the artwork shows, all those TV shows to be rated. Everything's got to have a rating. So we know we're not sending it for presenting anything harmful to our kids like God forbid naked boobies. Oh my God, we don't want to see our kids see a naked woman or a penis God forbid. But every show on Saturday morning is sponsored by candy bars and cereal all loaded with sugar. Every single one of those products that advertisers on those cartoon shows and every other kids show on Saturday morning. Every single one of those sponsors is killer crap. Killer crap for your kids. And I don't see anybody getting all bent out of shape about that. So close to show you, man, you can't complain about the American priorities because there aren't any. We have an open line at Broward 767. We have one on the mobile per one per pollin. Another grotesque and hell here, man. Whether we have definitely died here at WIOD and gone to Doggy Purgatory, make no mistake about that. Because no matter how many, how many bone-chilling spine-tingling things we get ourselves into here, it's the same old place begging on your hands and knees like a dog. Like a dog begging for a bone trying to a listener response from you dead heads out there. Terrifying, how about not slanting by the way? 1257 at WIOD. 610 WIOD. Neil Rogers. While you're goofing off, it worked. Meaning what? 610 WIOD. It's not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon. I dare boys and girls. Today, we've got a very extra special friend stopping by, show us all about something really special. I'll make room at the door right now. Come on, him is like me. Ariladi, hey Broward by something I wanted to show ya. I wonder where it is. It looks like a cactus place with a cuter. It's me back boy. I want a bag. What can I touch it? Sure, go ahead. Run your hands. That's soft. Hey, like well-built. Hey. What's this right here? That is my blow pipe. What do you do with the blow pipe? You blow it, lad. You blow it. Put your mouth around it and your blow. Oh, can I do that? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad? Oh, can I? Sure, go ahead. Come on, lad. You got to put your mouth around it, lad. Don't be afraid. It's not going to break. I like this. Hey, that's a boy. Stick around the way down. You throw that. It's getting bigger. Hey, that means you're doing it right. What's this over here? That's mid-shantar. What do we do with that? What you do with that, lad? You put your bow hands on it. You cover the hole and your run your hands up and down the shaft. Real quick. Hey, run your hands up and down it there. Now what you want to do, lad? Is you want to blow on the pipe? You want us squeezed the bag nice and gentle. And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft. Real quick. Oh, okay. All together. All at the same time. Okay, here we go. Good, lad. Yeah? Hey, that's good, lad. Sure. Hey, it's good, lad. Keep moving. No harder, lad. Adam, squeeze the bag. Please, man. Run your hands up and down the shaft. Quick, faster. Run your hands up and down the shaft. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Let's do it again. Play it on my phone. Come on, lad. Go on. Go on. You can do that again. After the kiss, me, but it's maybe a father-old tool. Okay, 106 to Wiod. Happy Wednesday to you. We have an open line on the mobile on purple line. Amazingly enough. Pound I would do with that. That's the way things are going this week. That's the way things are going this week as in WEAK. And we have an open line in Broward, which is ringing as I speak. How do you like that? Here's Daniel. Hello. Daniel? Is going. Okay, that's good. Here's the Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, near the right door. Great. Sir, I'm calling you because last year, this day, I had a friend who died and we call you and tell you about it. He was a warm call you and you record. I'm very happy to hear you on the phone. Right. Remember, and today, it's the year that he died and I wanted to call you and let you know. And we'll feel real sad about it, but he was a good listener of you. You're listening to you all the time. I'm very happy to hear you on the phone. That's a guy right there. Oh, my God. That's a guy today. It's a year that he died. Daniel, Mocho, Payejo, and Alponuta. There he is right there. Well, we'll keep his memory alive. Okay, Neil, you're doing a good job. Sir, get going. I hear you once in a while. But I always do him. Big omen, right? And what? Big omen, sir. Okay. Thank you. I'll read it, Archie. All right. What do you say? We have an open line in date. 62, 2, 2, 2, Wild, D. We have one in Broward, 7, 6, 7, 7. We have the mobile one purple line at Palm Diode, which you're anchored. Anchored two good today, where we have an assail on it. We not only pay the freight, we pay you $100, not what is this. What is this? For two decades, two heroic statues, one male and one female, face each other in the city park, until one day an angel came down from heaven. You've been such exemplary statues he announced to them, that I'm going to give you a special gift. I'm going to bring you both to life for 30 minutes in which you can do anything you want. And with the clap of his hands, the angel brought the statues to life. The two approached each other a bit, Charlie, but soon dashed for the bushes from which shortly emerged a good deal of giggling laughing and shaking of branches. 15 minutes later, the two statues emerged from the bushes wide grins on their faces. You still have 15 more minutes at the angel, winking knowingly. Grining even more widely, the female statue turned to the male statue and said, great, only this time you hold a pigeon down and all crap on it said. I've heard that before. Yeah, doesn't say crap. Something close to it. A close relative. We have an open line in the mobile one line, Pau Diod, we have one in Broward, one in Dade. We're solving the Halloween problem. Once and for all here today, we're solving the problems of the heavens gate and heavens great. We're going to solve the problem of those two bull dikes to want to adopt that that retarded kid. We're solving the problem that guy with his $9,000 engagement ring. We're getting him psychiatric help. Here's Del Rey Beach, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. What have the happen to that guy that Rick Fanch has hit? Dead. He died? Yeah, dead. Let's go to a tamarack, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm Neil. How you doing? Okay. All right. I just wanted to talk. I'm down from Gainesville now for the summer. I go to school at U.F. What? I'm sir. And I just want to say one thing. Then he waffles a douche bag. Yeah. The Christian douche bag. Handbeet, bad gator meat. Yeah. Can't stand him. He's always on campus. Always Bible something crazy. Yeah, blah blah blah. But that's not the only thing you stumped if you know what I'm saying. I know what you're saying. Yeah. That's really how I just wanted to say was that he's a douche bag. He probably knows what his name used to be at F.S. He, what was the kid's name? He's with Tampa being out of the backup quarterback, Casey Weldon. There was another good born again for you. Oh man. Look out for those born again athletes, man. I can't stand. So all a good act. God bless you, my child. You too. Okay. We have an open line in day at six to two nine four six we see now he's supposed to sneeze. And we have two open lines in Broward 767 Wild. He's still having the mobile one purple line open. God Almighty, how can that be? I think we must have sinned here today, George. And God is punishing that line for it. He's punishing until it turns purple. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello. Hi there. How you doing? Okay, sir. I just wanted to thank you about the center one. I see these a long time ago and I remembered the bridge tender was on it. Yeah. And that took up this philosophy and everything. You normally can't play that. It's good that you put that on that CD. What do you mean I normally can't play it? I'm still playing it. But it's just a little bit on the old side. It's a little old and worn out. That's why we put it on there. So people like you could listen to what over it, over again and have yourself a good time with it. Exactly. It's very long as I'm saying. Yeah. Well, it's not the bridge tender I met. It was pretty short. Hey, I was wondering. Do you still play that cowboy? Dick thing? Yeah. Can you do that on Friday, do you think? Can I do a win? On the request Friday and if I can't get through the call. Absolutely. Because my brother and my brother and my brother and my brother are cowboy, Dick, on Friday. Thank you. Because my brother has never had to get that boy, Dick. Yeah. Well, maybe he'll have a developer taste for one. Have a great day. We have two open lines. A day at 629-463622WOD and two on the Palm Beach and out of town lines is in Boca and Del Rey. We are like five watts these last couple days. That might be it. That might be it. We must be on about what's our common point. 1.1. 1.0. Oh, it's 0.0. That means we're off the air. And we're still getting a couple of calls. Not bad. God, can you imagine if we were on the air? We need about four or five lines. Here's here's Pembroke Pines. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Great. I'm the one yesterday. I'm Doug just into the Holy Water Facts yesterday. Yeah, that was great Doug. That was pretty good one. That was better than the one I just read with the pigeon crap. Yeah, well, I want to it's pretty good. Yeah. Oh, here we go. Here's the chronic facts. We're again, which I said yesterday. He stopped. But all I had to do was mention the name to the fact that he's still listening. And I'm still not reading the way. And here's the other chronic facts in which all I like that, two together, George, two chronic facts is in both go right in the oaks square file. I only send you the good facts. Right. These guys have got nothing to say. And all I say, same wasted paper every day trees have to be cut down. So assholes like this can send stupid facts. Yeah. I'll tell you, I've tried to listen to Karen a couple of times. The worst talk show in the history of the human race. He blows. Well, I don't know about that. But I'm telling you, man, I have never ever heard anything even close to the doodoo. The worst talk radio I've ever heard exactly. If I did, Zabba, you think you'd give me a job? Could be. Maybe. Well, I wanted to talk about my doodoo to the world for him. The topic for this hour. Yeah. Have you heard about the three kids in the Catholic school in Miramar? That they're not being allowed in? Well, what do you mean if I heard about that, you can't, you can't even go to the bathroom without hearing another story about that? Well, you know, I got two takes on that. One of them is that the father is a real asshole. Yeah. Because he doesn't want to kid us to understand the, you know, the reality of life. Yeah. But then again, it's the Catholic teaching at home. Yeah. Well, you know, got there and screw everything and procreate and get us plenty of new, we can't all three of the kids are girls, right? No, there's two boys in one girl. Oh, there's two boys in a girl? Yeah. Oh, no, what are their upset? I don't play. The one boy looks like he's about 16 and the feet doesn't know everything already. Yeah. For God. They better not start telling them stuff. He might start touching places where it's not safe. Father of tools. Exactly. Have a great day. We'll see. Okay. Oh, my God. The Catholic, it's like people that go to priest for marriage counseling. I mean, you talk about dumb. You talk about stupid. It's like people that go to the confessional. And father of tools sitting there on the other side is demanding that you tell him every intimate aspect of everything you've ever done. Mostly sexual, they don't care about the other stuff. Okay. They don't care that you stole $5,000 from the company till they want to hear about the good stuff. And they're over there on the other side. He's saying, Hey, father, you got like him. Have a happy coldness with. No, just keep talking. Yeah, right. Who are you kid and man? You perverts? You perverts? We have an open line in day. It's 622 Father O2. We have two in Broward 767 Priest 767 Fag. C. O. Our pain. 610. W. I. O. D. The worst talk radio I've heard in my life is on W. O. D. Death bed records presents a one of the kind collection. Death is the only good girl who should end our life. Dr. Jack Evorkin sings the songs of the Rolling Stone. Dr. Jack E. I. You. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Now you can enjoy the soothing sounds of Dr. K. In the privacy of your own home. Listen when you get up in the morning. Listen before you go to bed at night. Listen as you're placing your lips around the tailpipe of your car. This album is not available in stores. You're order yours. Just call that elderly lady down the street who probably has his number by the phone. And the band will be over shortly through your copy. Dr. Death sings the songs of the Rolling Stones. Once you hear it, you'll wonder how you ever lived without it. And we didn't even need Dr. Jack. How do you like that? One nineteen in W. O. D. We have an open line in day six to two. All three in Broward 7679463 767 W. I. O. D. Here's Delray Beach. Hello. Neil, you're a faggot. Okay, again, thanks a lot. Thanks for the bulletin. Here's all that was but doing a voice. Here's Surfside on a mobile. Hello. Antonio Ando-Lini. I got me. See. Oh no. What can we do for us sir? Pager as a referee. You think he's a good ref? They all suck. Oh, come on. It's going to be one that better than the other. Yeah, he's not his fair. He has his good days in his bad days. He's one of the fair of them all. He's okay. You would write. I've seen some out seem some real crappy games that he's called. I've seen games when he was more worried about getting his hair out of joint. He's doing that. No, that's all he cares about is we have it enough Harris spray. That head is not moved. That's why he doesn't move the head too much and a lot of stuff is going on the sides and behind him. He don't want to look because his hair might get out of joint. I give him more fair than poor games. I think he's, you know, more on the better side. Warfare than then poor. Well, he's fair. I think he's. I like him. So was watching the game of Ranger, uh, Jersey Game of W. Was that also watching paint drawing your opinion? No, it was it was better. It was better than the previous game. I thought the third period was pretty exciting. New Jersey was all over the minute. We're hanging on like life and death. Oh my god. Rick, your Richter kept him in the game. Then, of course, to disallow Golden hurt any because because Bill Garen decided to go through for a skate in the crease. Uh, I still can't figure out where the hell he was going. He's probably trying to get out of the crease. He was he's skating right through it though. He had no, no reason being over there. He's skated right through the crease. He put all that happens in like a 100%. Yeah, right. I know, but these guys have got to be much more conscious of it because they know what's going on. He cost him. Wow. All right. I'm not going to argue with that. In closing. Neil, uh, is your prediction changed on the Ranger forest? I mean, I'm the uh, right. I don't know. I know. My prediction is not changed. The Ranger is going anywhere. They're not going anywhere. They're like, uh, you know. Well, the devil's finally wake up. No, I don't. It don't look like it to me. I mean, they played one pretty damn good third period there, but they just can't score. They don't score any goals. How do I can you win games when you can't score any goals? There might be other panthers. But there's corn and up to win. There, no, they are. Looks the looks to me like they're down two games to one last time I checked. I'm sorry. Pat, you will met the Rangers. But all right. No, I'm talking about the devil. They're not screaming. It's not going to be a goal. But the peppering rick the with shots. Well, they got to stick it in there, man. Yeah, you can't win unless you stick it right in there. And the puck too, right? Right. Exactly. Good luck, pal. Finally, finally. In closing. Yes. Okay. I don't even though you say barn and be in the pushing up over the buffalo just costing them the game with the flyers. No, I said, I said, I said that I said that mouth thing off in the game on Saturday and getting into that big brawl, woke the flyers up out of a deep coma. And that was the turn to me. That was the turning point of the series. If Buffalo were to one that game, they'd be in pretty good shape right now. But they're not. How about the last game with the game? Well, he was the part of me was great in the last game. He's one of my favorite players. I won't knock Matthew Barnaby. He was great. Why? Huh? Now I can see why you like him. He's he's he's he's he's he's there. He's dynamite. I'm most of them. Ray also. They got a Hello, but team man. They got Mike Peca and he got a whole singer and he got a Michael Grochik and he got Jason Daw. None of them are superstars, but each and every one of them is a good solid to a player man. They got a very nice team. And Balls too. Exactly. They would have killed us. That's right. Listen, thank you for taking my call on AM-610 WIOs. And thanks for calling 610 WIO Day. We have an open line in a mobile one line. And it's pound I O D. We have one in day two in Broward. Is there going to be like this from now until we leave here in a couple of minutes? Oh my God. If yesterday and today are the harbinger of things to come, the whole singer of things to come, it's going to be a long hot summer in the magic city. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. This is a first time caller. Yes? I have a friend that's been listening to you for a long time. He always tells me how great you are. Yeah, one of my people. I'm going to get a little bit out. I think he's right. Yeah. I wanted to talk about that Nazi whole singer for a half a minute. Nazi whole singer? Is that his name? Yeah, Brian whole singer. Yeah. I didn't know he was a Nazi. Well, number 19. I was just wondering where he came from. I mean, I didn't know. I think he lost your ass. That's a sketch of one. Oh, was it a Winnipeg? OK. We have an open line in day six to two nine four six three two in Broward. We don't talk to people over the age of death. OK. Dr. Kavorkian, think no, me will talk to old farts. I realize we can't be too cheesy. But no old farts, OK? Because old farts smell stale. Make no mistake about it. That's right, seriously. If you a cut one like in the car or in an elevator and it smells real musty, you know, that means that that gas has been in your body for a long time. The mustier the aroma, that means the longer that you've been harboring that inside your innards. And thank God we got it out just in time before a major explosion. That's right. Just remember you heard that from Dr. Neel. You heard it here first. I mean, I'm no Linda Lovelase or Linda Energy. Whatever her name is. Linda Energy, boy. But there's another amazing episode when we write the 400 chapter book about this place. There's another one that should take about five or ten good chapters right there. I mean, that whole episode with her and the A physician standing behind her like some kind of a lemon. I had one in my mouth once. How are lemons? Here's the lady in West Palm Beach. Hello. Lady in West Palm. Gone? Oh my God. What's going on here with these people today? What is going on with these people? It's like they got saying, fight his stance in their pants. Don't tell me there's nothing going on in this town. Don't tell me you're in a big ass hurry today because I don't buy it. They're ain't nothing going on here. It's better than a dornail. And if you don't get to them within like five seconds, boy, wow, where's that? We don't have time for you. Two open lines in date county, six, two, two, W-I-O-D, two in Broward, 767-9463. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Oh. Yes, sir. Yes. Yeah, I want to tell you about a quick story. It was one time, right? I was at a party, right? Yeah. But a bunch of friends. Yeah. And we were all, you know, having a little fun party, whatever, right? Yeah. Cope came in, right? Yeah. Broke the party up. Cook the joint out of my hand. Yeah. Anything, cook me outside, right? Yeah. And then you started smoking it with me. Yeah. He's far kid up and we're smoking a big dooby. Great. Congratulations. Okay. The Broward lines are wide open out, 767-946377-7W-Y-O-D. 126-W-A-W-A, whatever this is. Used to be. Are you not doing that, dial-matrous? What word you see a dial-matrous? Oh, she wrote it in over here. She said she was going to tell you. I make good. I hate to break the news to you, sweetheart. She didn't write nothing in over here. I don't know what to do. I'll be more than glad to talk about it. Since I got my own mattress from them right at home. But she didn't bother coming in here and writing nothing on my log. I'm supposed to be psychic. I'm supposed to know these things like automatic. I'm sure it's my fault. By the way, do dial-matrous is great. Okay, listen, if you need a good mattress, you can waste a lot of time and get all heated up and run around town, waste gas and spend a lot of money and go to your departments through, okay? And get ripped off. Or you can just sit right where you are. Pick up the phone call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. You can't beat this deal anyway. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. You can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. If you don't have a mattress, you can just go to bed. Oh. One thirty-two a W I O D. Anybody out there know any versions? We have two open lines in D. Six to two nine four six three. See back in the biblical times. Morris the date times. There were a lot more virgins running around. All there weren't. Okay, let's go to Del Rey Beach. Hello. Del Rey, yes, sir. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? kind of like Phil Henry did when he knew he was leaving and he had to sit there anyway. Yeah. So I have a suggestion. You have something there where you can loop a tape and just let it play. Yeah. I can do what I can just put music on. Find that tape. That would be wrong. Find that tape of Phil Henry burning the station down and a dog barking in the background. Yeah. It's let it run. Uh-huh. And then get up and leave. I don't think so. Try it. I don't think so. I don't think life. Yeah. Oh well. To open line there's another programming expert for you. See, I show up every day. Even though I may sound a little bit on the psychotic side. And even though I have nothing but great to stay in for what's going on around me here. I just continue showing up every day and every Monday to give me a paycheck. And I say thank you so much. And thanks for those nice new billboards by the way all over the place. The big red ones. You know, with that the stoge in my post. And George and I just continue in a basement shaking our heads and wondering when the holiday is going to come that we can finally get there a lot of this joint. But in the meantime, we show up every day. And yeah, I could just put a bunch of crap music on there. Especially, you know, this it's interesting. This guy calls because like I've said this before. As bad as the packs and people are in the consultant and all the other crap that's going on here. If the audience, which they're not, but if the audience in his town and they're never going to change, Ebeneer 21 years, they will never ever change. These people are deadheads. But if the audience was responsive, it could be okay. I mean, we're, you know, basically in the driver's seat here. We could be having a good time every day. But it's the same old crap. No matter how many different things you talk about it, well, that's not their not interested. They got nothing to say. They got nothing off her. They're too damn lazy to pick up the phone. Oh, hey, Neil, I listen every day, but I never call. I'm so sick of meeting people like that. If I had a hundred dollar bill for a person I met like that, I could buy the day and join and turn into a parking lot. Oh, they're going to do it already. Look at those deadlines. Two open lines a day. I spent half of the show here. Just given the phone numbers out. So now one of these boneheads they got on there. Do with these stupid topics. Now one of them just keep repeating the numbers over and over and over again. What's wrong with talking about a couple of bull likes that want to adopt some of returned kid? What's wrong with that? We had two calls on that today, which I never wanted to talk about it. We had two calls on it. Which is more than she got. Except the course from a hobbyer. I know you're listening out there, hobbyer, but you don't have the balls to call here today. You've faggot. You might have cone. Exactly. You might have cone. Date County 6229463 two open lines there two and brown and just like all these religious nuts. They're out there listing right all these believers. They don't have the balls. How much how much confidence can you have in a bullcraft that you've been brainwashed into that you won't even pick up the phone and dispute what I'm saying. Because you know you can't defend it. You know it's a bunch of crap. And you're still over the years man. They finally just kind of vanished into the woodwork. Except for that one jack ball that call before about Halloween and the druids Frank. Frank, oh, is that his name? Yeah, figures probably knows Frank Sinatra. Here's my me Lake. Hello. I'm not calling about the druids or the dikes or anything. How about druids or the druids? Or Frank Sinatra? Yeah. I never drive at 6 o'clock, but I happen to be driving yesterday and I hit a few buttons. And all of a sudden I hear a guy who's doing a really funny black guy, really horrible accent, you know. And I'm saying she maybe still Henry's back on. So I'm listening to this and I just can't believe it can't get form of sentence and he's talking like super ebonics. It's I find out that it's Hank Goldberg has some guy on who actually like has a show. Because of a war in cromarty. Cramarty. Oh, he don't belong on here just to say hello. He's horrendous. When you get over to you, but he get him out of here. Oh, I better get him out of there. Yeah, or I'm like I'm going to decide who's going to be there and who's going to not go to be there. Well, well, your power. Come on. Please. Let me tell you this right now. Okay, my power. I have never, ever any place I've been in this town. 21 years. I've never decided whether anybody was going to be there or not going to be there. But you tell the truth. No, when you get on and it's playing to the people. It's already explained it. I'm not there yet. Warren Cramarty does not belong on here. I've already told those people that and they're pretty well aware of it. He blows. He's in our ticket at best. Well, piercing and worth. I thought I thought that I thought it was like an anti-black thing. Because this guy was took. I thought I had the King fish on or like the famous. And he is. He's going to be going to be doing a fascinating. He was terrible. Okay. I'm glad you like to show. Okay. Now we're down to two calls. Date County, wide open, six. Like I said, see, this is where the problem is. It's not the Paxon people. I mean, it is the Paxon people. That's a separate story. That's a different chapter in a book. I mean, that's like the different 400 chapters. But it's this audience here, man. It's the IOD audience. It's the deadheads. The deadheads are lying the redheads. And the redheads, by the way, are the deadheads. Make don't much think about that. You ever use show me a guy with red hair besides the book, Shambhi, of course, my close personal friend. Two open lines and browards 767 WIOD, two in date, 622. I'm just going to keep repeating the numbers till every line lights up. That's what I'm going to do. Airvy from now till the next break. I'm just going to keep repeating the numbers over and over again. That's our new format at WIOD. And thanks for calling 610 WIOD. 622 WIOD and date 767, 4663 and Broward. 1 AAA 474 WIOD and Palm Beach and the audio net lines in around the world. Toll free. We pay the freight 1 AAA 4749463. Open lines in Broward 767, 9463 767 WIOD. Open lines in the out of town lines. I'm just going to sit here and keep repeating the numbers. I'm not going to put on some endless loop. Like that guy says and shirt my responsibility here to aggravate myself for the benefit of this audience. That's what they want to hear. That's what they love to hear. And that's the sad part of it is we could have a great show if we had people to talk to. But we don't because it's South Florida man. It's the land of the walking dead. It has been for years and it's never going to change. And the powers that be who are in charge here are all the grave robbers, all these thieves, gypsies, trampson thieves man. When they made that song, when she did that song, it was about this town. Gypsies, trampson, goddam thieves. That's what this town's all about. As in politicians, as in the people who are running this joint and the people of cemetery village, I want to make damn sure we're not having too good of a time. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Neil? Yes, I am. Yes, I'm a long time listener for a time caller. Great. I want to tell you that I did not see Ellen the generous number 20. I'll write you're up to 20 now, Vente. Whenever. And also you are actually right about the city of Miami. The people don't respond. They don't give us pardon my friend. They don't give a good at exactly that thing. Bleep to itself. That was very good. She's got her own blieper. I've never had the guts to call you. And I wanted to call you and tell you that I absolutely, I'm dearly, in love with your telemetry, with your show. And I wish to help. There was more of you. And more time, I wish that more time on the air. Amen. I should be on from 6 am to midnight. I agree. 150%. Amen. You're a breath of fresh air. God bless you. I take it easy. See you. Bye. Bye. Bye. There's a lady who cared enough to send her very best. How do you like that? After that, after and you know something, everything was going fairly well until at far business alone, it's called with his Halloween bull crap. That killed a show. Thanks a lot, Frank. You jackass with your, with your bubble mice. He's okay about the droids and about that melting wax. I think this guy must have known Vincent Price. In fact, we had a time up to a poll and beat the crap out of him. Give his own house of wax. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. And it's then you've got a program directly to just left real radio up in the Orlando. Yes, sir. He just brought the same crap down here, right? Hey, talk to the DJs up there. They hate the guy. Yeah. So happy to see him go to had a party. And he's he's a major major asshole. He's too phased. He's phony. He's full of crap. He came down here. He's screwing up people's lives. He's putting on all his crony's on here. The worst thing that happens when a PD comes in. He starts bringing all his old crony's in. Then you know that the guy is strictly bull crap. And you know what they need to do? And this is the end. He's the same guy by the way. You told me I can't tell you how many times. Oh, listen, when I was negotiating my deal, which I thought he did not sign with this company. Tell me about a zillion times. Well, you know, if you're not going to be there, I'm not going to be there either. Right. Right. Tell me another good one. They've got a DJ up there that follows Howard Stern by the name of Ed Till. He sucks. He sucks. Yeah. You're not kidding. What you need to do is try to figure out where to get yourself to take his place. Oh, yeah. That's just why I need to do is go to Orlando, man. That's what I've always wanted to do. Hey, let's see. Let's see Ed Till carry the ratings he's carrying now. I have you that can bring Ed Till down here. That's so we better call him up and suggest it. Hey, Neil, I've been listening to you when I'm down south here. Even since the days of the rock and roll army on Zeta. Yeah. Great. You're wonderful. The best and the universe make no mistake about it. Thank you so much. Okay. And we're even there to you. Okay. Enough of the sucking. We have two open lines in Broward, 767. I want to see these lines explode here. I want to see an implosion on the phone. I want to see a major gigantic right there. There it is. Right on that phone. I want to see some, you know, some indication that there's some life out there. I'm so tired of going everywhere and telling me, oh, yeah, everybody over here, listen, I don't care about that. It's great that everybody listens. That's wonderful. I want some assholes to talk to. Not smart people. I want some morons to talk to. I want some jackasses to talk to. That's what makes the show good. And to show you how little they know is they they screen the calls so on the other shows they screen them so intensively that the morons don't get on the air very rarely. And that's what makes great talk radio that will make that's what makes this station great is once in a while here on a jackass here in somebody ripping his out of me or out of whoever it might be out of Rick Riley. I mean, what could make a better day for anybody in America than here at somebody called up and ripping an ass on Rick Riley? My god, I get sexual excitement when we get a call like that. And usually it's true. I mean, so let's hear about his behavior again the other night at that thing when he went to an Olympian pick them up and it was ordering everybody around and making all kinds of demands like some kind of a hot shot. I mean, don't get me wrong. I like Rick and Suds to a point. I like Suds. We have two open lines in Broward 7679463 767 WOD but Rick that's another story. So like I said, that's what makes it interesting and exciting and spices it up as opposed to this dry, boring, contrived, controlled, we're gonna manipulate and put it on here. Yeah, good. Put it out of a computer by don't you start generating voices out of a computer and type in the words that you want to be set on the air. That's real exciting radio man. You guys wouldn't know a radio station if they shut five up your records right. Walters, Sabo and Harry Venus. I hope the two of me loop together. And air, you know something for once in my life, my senses, my radar worked. I mean, a lot of times in this business, your paranoid, your little bit overreactive, but man, this time I had it right on the money, baby, right on the money. I knew exactly what they were gonna do this joint. I knew exactly what this real radio horsecraft format that we're gonna try to win stalled on here and bring down all their cronies and girlfriends and everybody else. Hey, Hallelujah, great. Go to show me they got a lot of respect for a station that's been on here for 74 freaking years, right? Not 6.10 WIOD. The topic today, why don't we get phone call? We're going to be there. Don't move. Hold that star. 6.10 WIOD. George, or if you have a winner, you can tell you a six-fat, open, A here. He has no white-to-talk religion because he is a packet and he is not what we have the wire thinking. Oh! We've been talking about vaccines, ever since Cox pulled out now, well, we're going to protect the vaccine. Roy, the handsome millionaire, we've gone to work for Texas, I have no life. He's like Wayne with more hair. You might think that it's a bummer when Bill and Reece gone. Okay. Say good bye to Erin. Summers say hi to Ron and Ron, they're going on with vaccines. And that's the matter of vaccines. Hey, it's good to be playing. Go to your own vaccines. But Neil, he changed his act. Oh my god. He's like Santa Pona again Christian. Oh, Rogers, as he can be. Oh, oh, he wants to change the stations. Letters, a WGO day now will work for Texas. Yeah, it is. Good. Wow. Excellent. I'm actually in God. I'm working for Texas. Excellent. Excellent. Make the sign of the cross. Better not do it. It's supposed to Halloween. It's already made the 7-2-post to Cinco de Mayo, man. It's 150 a WIO, D-Boat. Why feel good? It must have been that D-H-E-A, you know what that I just Brits deep inside my rectum. Wow. Holy Toledo. I feel like Rick Weaver. Here's a mobile, not that old, though. Mobile and for Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, it's quirky. I'm finished. I wrote one of your county paramedics. I took care of you when you had to go out by or talk about 100 years ago. Yes, sir. And you play something with a scar or a vaccine about 20 minutes ago. Yeah. And I had to call my partner. It's a big boy. Yeah, the man. What do you think? I've never heard you do other than the parting contests. Yeah. Tomorrow we're going to be on duty. And we're probably sitting at a more important part than making $19 an hour. Look time you want it. Uh, I will call you from the Med Unit. And we'll blow the fire in for you. Okay. That's it. We'll blow the show for for us. So, uh, this is the look for the onion. Some of tomorrow. We'll be in the Med Unit. Uh, I might even come in for that. I've the first time I called and I take talking to you. And I was the funniest thing I've heard. It rhyming the sense. Okay. Okay. Look out for me, Chander boy. Women. Okay. We'll see you. Bye. Bye. Okay. Here's a hell and they'll scotch. You know, they got a great sense of humor. They'll scotch. Here's a hell and they'll hello. Meal? Yes. You're a blessing. Oh, I'm a hard stick. Okay. Thanks a lot. That's Karen. Do it a voice. Thanks, Karen. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello. We're coming. Okay. Another crazy spick. Another little fag. Don't want to come out of the closet. We gave you the opportunity, pal. You could meet. You could meet your maker. You could even yourself up with a Lord. Come right out and be honest about it today. Couldn't do it. He just talk at a time. Papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, papa. You know something we haven't heard that in a hell of a long time, either. But here's a cruel spring. Hello. Hello there. Yes, sir. Uh, we're all a crap old. It's printed in the paper about you. Leave in every day. And listen to some that. I'm surprised that they haven't started the speculation. It's the who's going to replace you. Yeah. Because the person has to be crazy. They come. It's like signing the suicide note coming. Go. Just, just, just, just, just, just tell me which your problem is. Yeah, he's he's campaigning feverishly. Yeah. Mr. Ego is campaigning feverishly morning noon and night. He's playing boats all at five sides against the middle. But uh, and I congratulate his team for spending, uh, IOD for spending packs and money while whining and dining the people from WNN to Motivation Station, which is the very popular rumor around this joint that he's playing them against the middle and this place against the middle and uh, all over the place. Because, you know, like I said, you're, your number is going to go with you. Your listen is going to go with you. That's right. They're going to be better and they have been in a long time because it's steel. This whole station is steel. My whole existence on this radio station is steel. I need to be born again. But uh, you know, I, I just, uh, it'll be interesting to see because uh, uh, it's something, unless they find some guy from the Helmop comments that comes down. I know something. I couldn't give a crap who they bring in. They can bring in uh, Walter Cronkite, God and Moses. I couldn't care less. I'm just going to do my thing. Rick, Rick Shaw may come over. There you go. Hey, by the way, you know, there's a rumor that Sonny Fox, I'm glad you mentioned all of this. Sonny Fox is on 1040 on at uh, where's in Bokers somewhere? Yes. Is that true? Yes it is. Oh my God. Hi, this is Sonny Fox. Oh, geez. He's playing like Andy Williams records. Yes, he found, he will. He found something around everything. He does a cut weekend on the country station too. On kiss. Yeah. He's kissing it. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. So Sonny Fox is on at 1040. They're real real. I mean magic play songs from like the 50s and 60s and maybe early 70s. The 1040 W. J. N. A. They play music for people over the age of death. In fact, the heavens gate people. They had that station on as they were eating the pudding. They had on the same Fox show. Hi, this is Sonny Fox. Rick, them. Wow. So Sonny, you know, we all, we lost the 11 as they say. Got to eat. We all got to eat somehow. Got to pay for that pudding. Here's Naples. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. And here me okay. I hear you. Great. Great. Okay. Two things. I just meant the last six days traveling around Florida. I went to Orlando to see my ex wife. Yes, sir. She's moving back down to Naples. And I tell you what, of those people think that Orlando radio is what's going to go down here. I tell you what they haven't ever had the same comment. They need a lobotomy. Exactly. The last three days I'd set up there and was at Joe Bob and Willie or wherever the heck it is. First thing in the morning. It's just it's unbelievable. Yeah. Did you hear real radio? No. I didn't go that far. I spent a lot of time with my wife and stuff. So you know, I only time I really heard him was on the way back to the going across I4. No. Because if you heard real radio, you'll hear almost exact replica of what they're trying to reproduce down here with the contrived thing, with the topics and with the heavy screening of the calls. And if they think that's going to go over here, man, more power to him, T. Salud. One more thing is every break is the same thing. Yeah. All right. These old ponderous jingles, these rejoins, they're doubling up on him. Now we have one going into the spots, which is a great way for the advertisers to make sure that nobody hears their recorded messages because everybody's diving for the dialed a tune it off. And then when we come back at the end of the break, we have another one of these corny old crap things. So to the like driving them down to people's throats, which is a lot more clutter, just takes up a lot more time and just to aggravate the audience. I mean, on the talent. It seems like in their news broadcast, I'm talking about up there in Orlando. Everything is the same. Yeah. For two hours, they mentioned the same stuff every time. So I tell you what.