Six-10 WIs. A-O-M-E-E-E-E-The unfortunate accident. Donn and Mike blow. When you need relief from minor arthritis pain, dry new ultrasound, scay ban. Are you the pharmacist? Yes. I need something from my shoulder. Really hurt. I have just the thing. K-O-P-Shirt out rabbit-in. You know what I don't know with all these people. Look, I have to show you how to use it. Don't I? Well, okay. Have a little onion shoulder. And they're grabbing. Like they're okay. How did that feel? You're pretty good. Well, your muscles are so high. Yeah, I'm like trying to keep in sure. You're just hard all over. Excuse me? Are you feeling high yet? Yeah, not really. I know I am. Look, I'm really sitting a lot better now. It's a deep penetrating heat. I think I'll just be on my way. You're like hot things that penetrate deep. Uh, I know I do. New ultrasound, scay ban. Reliefs aches and stiffness and thumb. Cautious aches and stiffness and others. I like it. I bet, okay, 130's re- at W-I-O-D. Open line of day to remove quickly. If you get off your ass right now. Six-Too-T-9-463. Six-Too-T-W-I-O-D. Now, how much we scalping our tickets for today? Here at Croll Gables. Hello. Yeah, good afternoon sir. Sir, when it's time to this. Uh, I'm just coming out from downtown and I saw a nice billboard with big spats to go on your bus. Uh, again? Yeah, let's pretty good. Well, I got news for a man. You better take a good look at it because the word I have is those are coming down real fast. And our new PD says we better get those down. He's absolutely right. They never should have been put up in the first place. Why are they spending all that money from the guy who's on his way out? No idea. I think I might take a picture of it though. Please. Anyway, I want to forget a couple of friends of mine these bags. But before you do that, tell me where it was. Um, I was coming right on a 40th Avenue where it cost me $100,000. Right? Right? At the end of Croll Gables. Great. Excellent. That's where my people are. And Randy and Davis, you're a couple of other corporate money in these bags. All right. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Get those billboards up. Then let's take a bow real quick. Okay. We have an open line today. See that? That's so many bureaucrats in the out of the same page in this company. And this one is saying, yeah, go ahead and put them up. And this one is saying, no, no, no. And don't put us, federal money. We got 85 different people. Too many fingers in the pot. Too many fingers in the pot. And nobody's getting the smoke. And that's the problem. Okay. Too many fingers in it. Here is Florida City. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, um, when you've had all over the QAM, you can be put out the best of stuff. I think so. You think so? We're working on it. Okay. Um, then are we kidding about 200. You kidding? Kidding about one. 200. He's not coming. He's not. He's coming here for two days though. Uh, good. Okay. Whatever. Don't miss him Monday. Oh, okay. Okay, pal. Go, Panther. See ya. All right. What do you say? We have an open line in Brad. He was all over the place. That's good. He touched all the bases, baby. Just like Gary Sheffield was once in a while. He touched all the bases. So I like stuff that you're out last night. Okay. And I'll just tomorrow in the fever is already gone. Six after a moment, a right in this town. The fever is gone away, baby. They had it for like about what? Three, four, five days there. How'd you like to have the cubs, huh? All you said, all you sad sex out there because this team don't win air. Be single. Think in their single day. How'd you like to have the cubs? Because it's going to be a long time before you know who says. Come on, you ass! Come on! Come on! You're a whole year breath, Harry. You should live so long. We hope. Overline and Broward, 76-7WIOD, 2-1 out of townlines. They've palm beach lines, 1-3-8-4-7-4-9-4-6-3. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to talk to you about the rain desire. I've been listening to you for a long time. I recognize that you're a real kind of sore of hockey. Yeah. Have a good understanding of it. I was a bit of rain just been for about 25 years. Yeah. And I had to live through the whole island or experience. And what I find is that the island of fans are very similar to the Panther fans. As being completely uneducated about the sport. I tell you, once in a short, don't show up. It's unbelievable, but even so I mean, if you looked into paper the last time, the rain just had more winds in their column than the Panther's did. Yeah. And, you know, it's a thing that... What does that mean? Well, it's, I mean, to think that the Panther's is going to just go in there and blow out the rain. Who said they were going to blow them out? I said we went in six. That's not a blow out. Yeah. What is that? What was the record during the regular season? In the six games that they played against each other, what was the record? I don't think it was 3 and 3 or 4 and 2. No, it's 3 and 1 and 2. The Panther's 1 and 3. The Rangers won one and there were two ties. Okay. No, I mean, you know, the Panther's are great. See, the Rangers have got a lot of talent on there, but they don't have defense. They don't have defense, okay. And the playoffs, unless you got great gold thinning, which they can't have if you're good thought, unless you got great gold thinning, a great defense, you're not going to win the Stanley Cup. Now, you're absolutely right. It's absolutely right. It's absolutely right about that. Alright, great. I mean, Ryan Leach is a great player. Old Samuel sent us a great goon, not a great player, but a great goon. And other than that, they don't have a great defense. Yeah. The gold thin will make the difference. That's right. I'm going to do it. Absolutely correct. Okay, Neil. Good luck, Paul. Alright, thanks, see you. See you, the Ranger pays from the York here at this voice. It doesn't run with that. I'm sitting there. I'm saying, go, leave, go. Go, waiter. I'll done that. Go, leave, go anyway. Go, leave, go. I guarantee you want to meet Toronto Maple Leafs. We'll not lose one playoff game this year. You could bet your life on, okay? You can bet Cliff's Fletcher's life on. In fact, if the Leafs lose a playoff game, I personally will put a bullet through Cliff's Fletcher's head. Okay. In fact, even if they don't, you don't want to see him. You killed my team, Cliff. You killed my team. I don't care if Sunnyboy works for the Panthers. He's a good guy. The Cliff Fletcher destroyed the team. And that guy thinks he's coming back next year. No way Jose, Cliff. You're dead. Dead me. We have an open line in day. It's 6-2-2. We have one in Broward. 7-6-7-9-4-6-3. This time, we got Panther, Fever. You can smell it, catch it. Oh, here we go. Let's hear the whole thing over and over again. Now, to the car, now, go. Go, let's be a shot. Hey, to the, how could I do that? Did I really play that last year during the middle of all that you've played? You've played in the series of games. And I kept playing it. And we love you, Robby. You're getting late. You know, that kind of stuff? I mean, what is that? Well, how could I possibly get so carried away? And of course, you know who kept, as you knean. Oh, it's great. It's great. Everybody I talked to is there in a whole town. Oh, stop. Yeah, right. That's who asked me out of that stuff. And of course, you notice the last time he came in here, you were to a hockey show. Although somehow you may have also noticed that I fake my way through that my client is we did. It was great because I know what I'm talking about. And don't have to kiss anybody's ass. And my client is great. And we had a great thing there 15 and a slice week before the penguins and Mary will visit it here for probably the last time of the year. Mary will ever. We were positive man. I was I was so sure they were going to be the brewing on Sunday. And the penguins will be right back here. And we get to see Mary all over and over again. At least four games straight. Which we would have beat them. They got no defense. You can't complain about the penguins defense because they don't have any. Including that big Frankie LaRue number 18. Take a look at him. Okay. He reminds me of Chris Wells on defense. Big Goony can't skate and all of the least he fights. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Yes sir. When is this? How you doing? Great. I think the penguins are going to do it. We're going to beat him in six man. I can steal and I can spam my predictions like that. If you notice that my predictions have been right on target. Actually, I are. Three to one. And we got the empty net or a devour. And the pamp is rule. That's right. Are you kidding me? I got him. By the way, the coach wants you to know. And I'm not making this up. Coach McClan wants to enter a softload of crowd. That Marty Strock is coming back to line up. Just to please me. Okay. Thank God. Thank God is right. Can you play that hockey? The hockey train songs? The hockey tonight song? No. The one about the one. The one about the playoff? Yeah, that's the one. You mean the one that goes like this? That's a dream that I'm going to do. I'll think of those. Keep it here, raise it hard. You're not there, man. Let's just be there, man. And it works. You're not there. You're not there. You're not there. This thing is so f-dub. I was trying to pause it and it wouldn't pause. The dancing wouldn't pause. I don't want to see if we got any problems in here. Thank God that Max is still around. Max has gone. Things are falling apart. There's a dream that's there. Can you hear that, Howard? Keep it here, in your heart. You're a star, damn it. But the way they're apart You're a little bit worse than the way And it works, both my head. You're the way they're, damn it, damn it. You're not there. You're not there. You're not there. But the way they're uzdite You're the way they're, damn it. You're not there. You're not there. You're not there. You're not there. We can't let you live right now But we're safe and we're gone We're safe and we're gone We're safe and we're gone We're safe and we're gone Hoor! Okay, we're gonna get used to it We're gonna be hockey to China hockey, hockey, hockey, hockey The playoff starts at night baby In the western conference If you don't know us at about hockey Your life isn't even it is we're a quarter Okay, it isn't worth the cost of a token on the Toronto subway On the rocket Remember the rocket and the pocket rocket of course you don't And I'm gonna tell you one thing And I mean this from the bottom of my heart If any of the crats starts in the first playoff game Or any of the playoff game that we saw in at Pittsburgh game In section 106 tomorrow night There is gonna be some action action baby I'm gonna tell you that right now If you want to punch me around do it before the game Do it in between the periods, okay If you want to get on your hands in ease and puke on a floor Go do it in a hallway, go do it in a man's room Go out of where wainsets, take care of him, okay But let us enjoy the game, let us see the game God! I have never seen such an act put on by a group of about a dozen Vosos including some adults who are old enough to know better than I saw in at Pittsburgh game let's it was only the last game of the record of season It was only for home ice it was only the most important game of the year Don't confuse these drunks with that because they were already they were ice good Chicken before they got there baby whatever it in lat means Do know what it means? Exactly 144 wild, pop at a park there doing it, let's see It's Wednesday, what have we got on the tab tonight tonight, tonight being Wednesday we got What is that? Where did that come from? It's a prison from you, thanks can just promise you picture a Scott Melon B And way in the background there is somebody which I wish I could make out to you Who is it? Way in the background, nice going right from the arena There they are playing against the Tampa Bay Nullis Like I started to say only moments ago it seniors that out tonight The pop at a harness you know what that means is a big night for all you senior citizens Only four bucks gets you granted the mission and program and a hot dog and a parker in a pair of three And the dining room by the way will be open every night until the twenty six will be the last night for the dining room And then they'll be closing with six floor and starting on the 30th of April the international buffet comes back on the fourth floor in the clubhouse The price only 1495 for all the care to eat including chef iris fabulous desserts Get there early before five-rich clean to doubt for all you care to eat 1495 and I'm talking about good quality stuff roast beef all kinds of great stuff Dores open at six p.m. post time for the verse raise seven thirty reservations recommended And don't forget Saturday April 19 that this coming Saturday Pop at a park on participate in the dolphins draft day see we finally got the answer draft day is this week It only took me four hours and nobody out there even knows because this fourth fee for the wrong gun They'll be participating in the dolphin draft day at pro player stadium this Saturday the night. T-stop by the pop at a park tent meet top race drivers from team pop at a sea pop at a park rush the lifestyles model horse complete with harness and racing stoke go pick a winner Go pick you know is go have a great meal on a great time pop at a harness. Don't forget we got the adores open at five thirty four a poker and first live race seven thirty in a pm tonight Six ten W-I-O-T-Lase and say your sexist good boy kids including the police chief son Welcome to a few home in ten years feeling farming fluid while they couldn't find any involving fluids So they cut the finger off a court and took turns trying to smoke that Svoking the finger they Wow Yeah, let's kiss today, huh? Why don't start running the country wicked studs after these two I six in W-I-O-D My dad we go get some yard work One six ten W-I-O-D We'd you name your life when your life is in the right you gotta guard for your good too You have a brand new style too we love the way you fuck your dude We'd the make me under your chest and we'd be like good If you don't know where Who's with the speed of the sound Since the bad guy straight to hell When a building starts to roll with you and you said we know you're a slushy girl with one mighty foe Oh We caught What a day! Five, that D-Rot! Everybody's up building this building to go nuts. We're going to ride on the Fx, to the garden and John Fx, these fruits. Thanks, let's head over the night. They go standing in this hockey game. We are in the Taken over time. They love riding one on the board. They just don't get out of the hotel. It's like back to where the rollercoaster comes up to. We'll show off. We'll show off. We'll be back. We'll show off. That's a good shirt. It's not the forward work. Along the line. It's a pattern. There are all! There's a good pattern. There's anything we need to know. Go for it. Fight, go, fair things going. You're trying to believe. What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? Thank you, Koley. What brings back the memories from my fear right by the way, Bob? Please don't say the Fx. Don't do it again. Okay, 12, 15, 2, a W-I-O-D on a great wins. They man, what a day this has been. Hasn't it? I can't really put my finger on why, but it's been great. Here's a mobile and pop-in-o. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Great. Like I said, it's been great. Yeah, actually, I'm trying to find out. Anyway, a couple things. I went to the hockey game last Wednesday night at Devil's Camp. Yes, sure. Find a hockey game. I've had a big series. And by the way, you called the score that day three to two. And it was three to two. Oh, that's right. It was three to an end. The score got to be as smart as got the end dinner right. And my whole section was doing the Neil Guide. So the whole time, when three to two appeared on the score, but anyway, well, I want to know. Moving down the dial, do you in the hummer half the like, have a piece of a difference? Are there going to be some kind of a summit or are you guys doing it? What? I just, well, I know that a lot of those, I don't know. It just sounds like there isn't a whole lot of love lost between you and him. Well, let me say this. When I came from Zeta to the IOD, okay, eight and a half years ago. Right. And Steve Kane was doing afternoons. And he followed me immediately. Just like I was a swim, Hank probably will. There was no problem. You work with people if you're a professional. If you like, in addition to which I don't hate Hank, I never have. Right. Which I don't hate Hank, I never have. Right. Let's see it again. I don't hang Hank one more time. Break it up. Okay. He's doing a time pedal there with the hummer. We have two open lines in date. You won't get on the air, not even close, but give it a shot. You know, it's worth a chance. You won't get on. 6-2-9-46-3. These people at the, it's a radio show. Moth the Lebid is they say, you have a do what you do to make a living. Like we're supposed to go over there and have a war. We have to have a summit conference. The heads of the five families have to get together. We'll probably have to have Alan Mason and Jim Boock and the buddy buddy himself. And who else then the attorney Bill Watson and whom I leave an out. Jay Hoker, that's a wrong company. Sorry. See over there, it's very simple. There's only a couple of people. That's it. Couple of people. That's it. Here, it's like thinkers to ever, to chance to this one. Without it. And by the time you get through, there's like 85 different people. On 85 different pages. Here's marathon. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Something's bothering me. What is that? If, if, if the radio station you're on now, if they wanted to, they could pull you off the air and not allow you to be on the air till your contract started at QAM. Right. They want to pay me off. Yes. But if they want to do that right now during the middle of the hockey playoffs, it's going to bother me because there wouldn't be anybody on the radio that would be talking hockey that knew what they were doing. That's a good point. And by the way, keep in mind, I don't want to get to nervous. Keep in mind. Puck, Puckson, I mean, Puckson, Kate Hawke, even though he bought that A.E.T.L franchise, nobody knows why because he said the hockey is a crap sport. Or at least he was quoted as Santa. Well, I hope, I hope he's in a soccer. I hope the powers of beer smart enough to figure out. That's his philosophy is the soccer is born every minute. That's why he's got all those infomercial stations. Well, I hope they keep you on at least through the play. I got news for a sur if I'm out on the beach during the playoffs. I will work my way somewhere even if I have to do it on television in his market. So the public can get the highlights and the lowlights and get some crap. I'm feeling much better. Okay. And in closing. Let me rest your fears. In closing. Yes, sir. I've never seen Bob Nice drum and Billons eat together at the same time. Okay. Every great life. Okay. Living in a pass goes Ranger. Those are Islander people living in a pass. Okay. Well, why not? Like the leaves. Save Tim Horton's God, baby. Too bad I put that damn disco away. Okay. Here's a Davy. Hello. Yes, sir. They're Islander fans living in the pass. Okay. Well, why not? Hey, Bill, you does not have a mustache. True. Meanwhile. Thank God. We don't want no mustache, Billy. I'm not ready for going to get that big face. Will it here going to the playoffs? No. If we want a face, will it here? Will get Ron Jeremy. Oh, wow. I don't want to bring him back. Did you see the Harold this morning? No. He's a Kaz retired. Oh, no. Oh, yeah. Fred Tuesday has retired. The great voice of the Bruins. One of the greatest in the history of our sport. Yes, sir. And none to soon, by the way, as much as I love Fred. None to soon. I mean, Fred was great. But, uh, well, I remember last year. You know how early is? Last year you were playing the thing where he was like losing his voice on the here and he disappeared for like the second period. Right. Well, sorry to see him go. But, um, and also seeing him tell me right now. Yeah, it's time real quick. What's your opinion on the, uh, Pittsburgh area? Forest rated last year of Philadelphia. Do you think so? Yeah. I don't think so. I bet serious money on it. Okay. The penguins I hate to say are a broken team. And Yaggers coming back. He's operating on two cylinders. Forget it. There. You're, you're absolutely right about that. Now, we think it's going to happen when they come here. Actually, we're going to go there, aren't we? Yeah. You mean to fill it? Yeah. Yeah. Eventually. Did we go there last year? Uh, yes we did. Kick their ass. Same thing. No problem. Good deal. Hey, go Panthers. We're going to have Chris Wells spear Lindros right in the first game. Get him out. I think it'd be better. They'd have both out for the series. He would be best to have Chrisville telling hot dogs or something in the sand. Okay. Have a great day, pal. You two. Yeah. Rogers out there with. I know one of those other heartins is cut. That's up for four. He's getting run. He's passed on the left. He's passed on the left. Please pick up the last. So, raise, shepherd. Shepherd, eat first the more stars. Faradic, the more act. Watch the thing, Florida. And the more act. Whose firm whites against the bro is. Last Thursday night at Boston. The scores have got here before. And somewhere you have to go through the same spot. People are getting confused. I've got this thing. Right, goal. There's his 13 to the air. There's shepherd. Going on. Go on. Go on. I've got something at it. Low knocked down by my eyes. Don't go overboard. This is one of the CBC's screaming. Ladies, say good bye. Coward. Go. New got a flag. Florida Panthers. Where's friend? Lindsey? Parker. And it's on side. The Melodin. Melodin. Watch the juice. Tell it to save the rebound. Let's tell the door step. Scott Melodin. Well, I'll show. And that one hurt. The last thing. He's got Melodin. to Willah ho le territorial and not 1 hurdle always Christopher too fast and that announcement he's coming up over the tires Currently very good There's Fred Cusy, one of the great sports casters in the history of the human race. I don't care what anybody says. I don't want to mention no names. One 59 at WIOD if you want something for free, just pick up your instrument right now or your phone either one. And call 1-800-4-Hydron 1-800-4-Hydron number 4-H-L-I-D-R-O-N. They'll send you a free kick.