Clash in adult delinquince at work. 610 WIOD Miami Ford Lonerdale. 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers show. To talk with you, I'll call 622 WIOD in date. 767 WIOD in Broward. Mobile won an AT&T wireless customers can call toll free at pound IOD. And now not only across our Florida, but across the nation and Canada to call toll free. 888-474 WIOD. And now the Neil Rogers show. Come to work! Come to work! Come to work! I had a picnic day. One day she flew away. To tea or want a weather moon is blue. But with our right wing censorship, there are words that must have slidder. Who do it tell you how I feel for it. Come to work! So... As you see, K.L.M.T.WIOD. They'll see you at T.O.A.O.A. To tell us you see K.T. Tell her I'm a Surrey State. And the FCC won't let me sing this. So, I wrote you, day now at the C.K. Take your hand. Tell us you see. That after this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days. Oh, wish you C.K.T.U.A.O.A.O.A. Oh, thank you. I'll see you at T.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O!A! Go on a goal, but gotta keep the T.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.O.A.O.A.O.A.O.аль, I felt like it was hard to lose weight. I fail during it's last season and back. I must've lost weight. Probably I missed it if I didn't. I lost at my last corner. people in Edmonton last night or left that game early and came running back because there's a team that actually at least showed up a little bit last night and made a phenomenal comeback. They're down three nothing with four minutes left in a game and they wind up winning an O.T. 4 to 3 on freaking believable. The Erlars. But the path is yesterday. Must have missed a team bus to the arena. Didn't show up a lick. Not even a little bit. Even alligator arms is rumored with speechless. Of course he was not in the air. So I guess he had a be speechless. But he was speechless. Had no excuses. Of course he blames Marty Strocker from us and that wide open net. Nice going Marty. But hey, like he had a lot of company. Nobody showed up. Even the grease. I mean the bees are letting a couple of pretty emotional goals in there that gratsky shot just inside of blue line. And then that other one at Robotide. Just I mean, that was pretty greasy. greasy. Everybody stuck the joint out. But especially Eddie. Eddie was bad. It was bad. So it's one one going to New York tomorrow night. And we got two back to back. And by the way, speaking of alligator arms, remember the I want to give credit where credit is due. Randy molar has dubbed Jeff Remer is alligator arms. Remember because of the fact that when anytime there's a check to be picked up, whether it's for dinner, for drinks, whatever it might be. All of a sudden, Remer gets that short arm disease. Can't reach for that check because the arms are like an alligator man. They just just barely get out of the body. And I score Randy and don't over feed race shepherd. People are getting worried. So I'm sure we're going to have a lot of response to that tremendous performance yesterday, not. And yes, we did leave early yesterday and it worked out great because I made a B-line straight up to Emerald Coast buffet and got there just before a guy really crowded and they treated his great and it was marvelous. So that was the right move to make. Yeah, walking out the door and there's one guy says, Oh, you even you're leaving early near us. That's right. See ya. Bye. Bye. Nice knowing ya. I love these yentas over there who think that they're going to tell you when to leave. I mean, they was over. It was over. There was no doubt. We weren't even making a whimper in that third period, okay? But everybody is a yent to there and eggs. Thanks for coming. Yeah, that guy that sits next to me. Bruce, whatever his name is. Thanks for coming, yeah. Okay. Everybody's got their nose and everybody else's business. But in the meantime, their own on beyond sits a game. Certainly could use a little work. You know what I'm saying? Guys, but they're okay. One was six was okay. Even the yets who rose of misfits. They were okay because the Ohio guy who I find out doesn't really belong in our section anyway. Mr. I'm drunk or I'm pretending to be drunk and go here. He was way upstairs. We belong in the nose bleed. So Friday night, I don't should I spend more than two or three hours on this today. Should I spend more than four or five shows on this this week? You know, once in a while I hear something on the ear. It just it inspires me to respond. But what I heard on the ear Friday night on this radio station was so unbelievable. So unbelievable. Now I'm hearing other stories. Now I'm piecing this all together and what a piece of bread it all turns out to be. Better watch yourself. You better watch yourself. Steve knows ring or she'll report you to the consultant. I mean, what are we going to do then? Want a lollipop little boy? So anyway, Friday night of my new car and here's Aaron K or whatever it heller name is on the ear and guess what? No show. I mean, no material. None. I guess she had lost your gas cap again that day. So there was nothing to talk about. No real penetrating topics like who should we bitch slap and have you ever lost your gas cap? Right. So what is she talking about? This lightweight who wouldn't even make it on the ear in New York on a bad day? She's talking about, well, you know, some people on this station and every now and then she throw money in and it's obvious to hold show again. Did I mention this last week that it seems that her the game plan there with those two is like, let's go after Neil and he will talk about me a lot and make me into a big star. I got news for his sweetheart. Even Mandrake the magician and Jesus and Abraham and Moses and Buddha, they can't make you into a big star. And as far as being too fast as concerned, let me say this, you don't understand that difference between business and personal. Personal I had been told by George and others that you were very nice person off the air. I met you in a hallway one day for about 30 seconds. You seem like a very nice person seemed. You can't really sum up a person, you know, with 30 seconds, but seem like a nice little person. You know what I'm saying? Personal. But business, different story. So Aaron or Karen, whatever hell you name is. If you want to come in here right now, anytime during the show, we got an open invitation sweetheart. Come in here and I'll tell you right to your face. You don't belong on a year for like two minutes, even to give the time. You're pathetic. And there he goes after the women again. Well, how come Roko was a woman? How come I say good things about her because she does a good job. She's that's right. She's Jewish and you're nepotistic. That's what I never thought about that. She's Jewish and likes basketball, which I don't like. That must be it. How about how about Jennifer Ram? She was a woman. She still is a woman last time I checked not too close, but I love Jennifer. Want a lollipop little boy? So anyway, so getting back to an Aaron case or a topic, a topic is that all she hears on a station all day is how about the station sucks and about Papad, how boring that is. And nobody we'd he cares about that. See, she's been here for a total of three weeks. She's an expert on what we should be talking about and also what the audience cares about and what this town is all about and what the topic should be all about. She's the expert. Since she has no material of her own, she's critiqued me and everybody else on here who've only been on this station for like I've been here over eight years, Rick and Suds seven years, George has been here for like what six seven years, too long. And she's the expert. She's been here three weeks. She knows what the audience wants to hear. She knows what's interesting. And even though this is all boring by the way, she's going to do it anyway one time. Just like in Godfather, just this one time, K, I'll let you ask me about my business. And no matter what you ask, the answer is no right. So she's inviting people to call in and tell her that her show sucks. And I thought to myself, this is a show. This sounds like something Mr. Ego might have done like eight years ago on a bad day on a desperate day when he had no material, which was like almost any day. That's how desperate it sounded to me. And so what if she gets you gets on one hand a handful about four or five, syrupy, sycophate, women, probably bull dikes, calling is, oh, you're so wonderful and Neil blows. Neil socks, Baba. Yeah, well that's true. And in the other hand, she gets in a course of the mouth breathing guys or saying, you suck your show and that's it. And she kept insisting and pounding and pushing and pulling it, I can't get anybody to call and tell me I suck. See, I guess it never dawned on her that after like the first couple of days of listening, if people assume that your show sucks if they don't like your rack, they probably are listening anymore. I know that comes as a great surprise, but most people especially during the nighttime hours, if they have even a minimal amount of life, they're not sitting there listening to something that they think sucks sweetheart. I hate to break the news to you. I got you down. So I was just astonished with all of this and I was just here in a spy report, a little bird in the hallway was tell me that Thursday night she was on air and some call or made some comment about Walter Sabo, or however to how it started and she talked about how her boyfriend Arkansas, so anyway, the text about earwax, you know about how he we would stick a cute tip in his rear ear and get the wax out and stick it in this pocket because he's so forgetful. He's always thinking about what he's going to do next and then a kind of took a sexual turn. And Steve knows ring the board up, but was chuckling and laughing his ass off during all of this because it was so ass-in. And she became very red in the push and saw him hearing from birds in the room, little birds in the flies on a wall. And so they go to commercial break and come back and on the air, I want you to listen to this, no commercial break. He was laughing and there was a long pause, there's long pause like seven, ten seconds in the air and then she says, not jokingly, but seriously, to Steve knows ring the board up, you better watch yourself. Seriously, not jokingly, seriously because she has connections. So anyway, the big room worth the game yesterday from I heard several people is that WOD is for sale. Now, of course, the people of present packs and people would deny that vehemently because they would never turn to that upfront. Remember what we went through last year? It's like Daisy, I've all over again, only we have a little different perspective on at this time. Thank God, called security. But last year, we went through months of this. I mean months like January and February and March, even before, yeah, it started in January, I think. Just shortly after Bob Green took me to lunch at Christmas time and insisted the station's not for sale. It's not being sold. Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, and here's our plans in the audio deodion. So the station now, we've understand is for sale. So he can go on here and say, well, you know, nobody cares about all of this and about the insights. Yes, they do, because this has been an amazing radio station for the last eight years plus and we've had a hell of a relationship with the audience and there've been a lot of great talents on here, which Phil Henry, hopefully is in town and going to be here either today, indoor tomorrow, both. But, uh, man, oh man, what they've done, I mean, even even your neighborhood butcher could never do to a raw piece of meat. What they've done to WIOD in the last six months. And yes, that is important to a lot of people out there in the audience and to me. And those of us who make a living in a business, which quite frankly, sweetheart, I wouldn't buy a house, even a pup tent if I were you. So I go back to talking about, you know, have you lost your gas cap? Does your chewing gum lose its flavor on a bed post overnight? Very important topics that the average Joe is very concerned about 10 30 11 o'clock in night is he's driving on a Hershey highway out there, looking to be entertained. Those are the kind of things that they want to sink their teeth into and by the way, happy pace off. Did you give me a bum steer on that? What was the official starting date? Is it tomorrow tonight? Oh, tonight? Tonight is pace off. How do you like that? And I thought it was like this last weekend. I wondered why the hell Howard Kleinberg wasn't eating moths at the game yesterday. So how do you like that? Happy pace off to all. And what a bunch of crap juicy on pace off. I'll tell you that. Moths are no taste like eating cardboard and was the other stuff in Lorenzo spot about parsnips and turnips and rosemary and time and sage and crap like that? Not my kind of holiday. No wonder Jesus picked that time to like end it all. You know what I'm saying? The last supper he said, Feth, okay, nail me up at time. If that's the best we can do, I'm ready to leave this planet. Let's have a good holiday when there's something like like porom. Porom is a great holiday that even a Goiim can enjoy if you need to write kind of homotosh and there's something you can sink your thing into. Yeah, I'm the walk through Sabo in a flaker sedan. I want to hop inside my company car. I got the fingers in fact to need that of a hand. I'm gonna make it you a rainy old star. I'm both in Sabo, baby. I can do anything I want to do. And you're good so to the woman. And I'm gonna make it so to you. I'm giving that so on a crap show. Yeah, for me love. I've got the power to mold in control. Where are I have a way to get your own show at a station down in Hollywood? And I don't care if you're ready to love. Just as long as you can stroke me good. I'm all the same, Bob, baby. And you'll do anything I want you to. And you're good so to the woman. Spade your legs when I desire you. I'm gonna mold you. I am only a host of stuff. So I'm counting the real job. That's why I'm like insulting because I'm just an ass. Oh, no. 1019 at W. I. O. D. on a great Monday happy pace off to all. Don't eat too much mozzarella. Lay in your puppet like a rock man. I'm telling you right now. I'm giving you advance warning. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Here's Call of the Week. Yes sir. Good morning, sir. When is Diaz? I just probably do one of the best moons that I have done. And one of the best moons. Yeah. And what is that sir? I just called a 1-100 out 4-100. Right. The stuff is good, huh? Yeah. It's a good, I'm gonna try it out. So what if it isn't good? It's free. What are you worrying about? It's great stuff. That's what it's great. I call it. I don't even have to put a quarter on the phone. There you go. Say those quarters man. Come and hand me something. Neil, who's this? I laughed at you, dude, that it goes. Like what's that woman? Who's what? The one is I think it's at six o'clock. Oh, you mean Brooke? Is that Brooke? Yeah, Brooke Daniels. You give me that last game. Friday. You mean her? Yeah. Okay. Friday I was listening to her. I don't know if you were on that. But she was trying to try to race that from your machine there. She kept on playing it over and over and over and over and always she goes, did you think I had to? She was talking to her producers saying, did you figure out how to erase this stupid thing? He places so many times. Talking about your show over and over how you play it so many times so many times. She was just saying, I'm just sick of it. I'm sick of it. I'd be racist. You could have taken her down. We should have just talked about it. Yeah. What time was this? I'm fine. What time was this? This? Oh, God. I think it would definitely have to be up to six. I'm about six o'clock at six. Yeah. Something like that. Sounds very suspicious to me. Really? Yeah. Why? What time is she on? She's on from six to nine. From six to nine. Yeah. Well, that's exactly how to be up to six o'clock. Yeah. I find it very hard to believe. Yeah. For doing trying to erase and matter. Well, you better watch yourself. Just try to let your non-hum. You better watch yourself, man. Yeah. Walking you back. Okay. Go Schmer that stuff. Yeah. I will. Okay. So there you go. All kinds of contractions going on here. We have two open lines in date. It's six, two, two, two. WOD. By the way, don't talk on here anymore, George. We have two open lines in Brought Unless you want to. 767, 9463 and Brought. These experts are going to come in here. They're going to straighten this. You want to see what you don't understand. Sweetheart, Karen, Erin, whatever your name is. Erin Summers Jr. Is that you've been here a total of three weeks? The amount of airtime that you've had those three weeks, you could stick a thimble and have room to stick to rest in your vacuum. You know what I'm saying? And right away, she's the expert. She's critiquing my show. She's critiquing the rest of the day. WOD is this. And the audience is that you don't know your ass from your elbow honey. So just kissed again. Then she's going out about how she don't even know if she really has the job. So please don't tell me that we're auditioning you're around the air. Is that another one of these deals? We're auditioning her on the air. And what about what's his name? Because he bought a house. I see he's back this weekend. skiing on the nice. Yes, ski. ski is back. Did you bring it that? Okay. Here's a marathon on a mobile. Hello. Hello. How are you doing? Good. You anti female gollum. You. Right. How you got it down? I'm not listening to her. She's terrible. Yeah, I'm a one-to-caller up and tell her that she sucks. How are you wasting my time? Isn't that a great one? Isn't that a great topic? Call up and tell me that I suck. Yeah. I don't need anybody to tell me that I suck. Hey, now I got a question for you about, uh, yesterday. Pretty common knowledge. A very hotty game. Yes sir. Come on. Let's get somebody's panther people going. Just because we stuck that joint out and didn't show up. Let's uh, hear some analization here today. What? What? I turn. What a change from. What is it? It's a very just a good egg in my face. But on the way over there, they got the modeling game on QAM. Yeah. I couldn't listen to the game in one sitting in traffic. Yeah, the game is on 790. So we've been through that a million times. They sure changed the panthers. It's a real sad situation. It belongs on kiss. It belongs on the FM. When they have a conflict with the Marlins and they stick it on a station that nobody knows where it is. Nobody knows what it is and it's embarrassing. And I don't know what I got around. I'm going to kick some ass to change that around. Unbelievable. Terrible. Thank you, Neil. Okay, sir. You're great. I love you. Good luck to you, pal. Okay. Two open lines in day, six, two, two, two. To end Broward, 767. The mobile one purple line, pound IOD, two on the other town lines, the green lines. Happy Paisach, one triple eight, four, seven, four, nine, four, six, three. North Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing there? Okay. Happy Paisaver. Good morning, too. I got a question for you. Yeah. Why didn't eat so much? Meaning what? You always talking about restaurants here and there. You got meat turned on. I will have it a wuffy just today and they treat it be terrible. Yeah, good. They probably do you run asshole. They probably knew you were a jackass. Why do I eat so much? Well, you know, something I hate to break the news to you, but every now and then even if you don't want to do it once in a while, you got to eat. You know, it's one of those rough things. It's you got to breathe, you got to eat. And even once in a while, you got to, I know that's not a real pleasant thing, but you got to do that too. So when you got it all figured out, nice going Wolfies, kick his ass out of there. Okay. Date County all open 622 Wild. It's going to be a brutal Monday man. It's Paisa. If you did told me this before I'd have called in six today. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I've never been one to believe in it very much, but obviously, Aliens must have abducted the whole team. They didn't show up. No, no, no, they replaced him with stiffs that look like him, but no, I always thought it would have brought up pillow to that episode yesterday. I want to call it a game. And I'm going to tell you another thing, the rangers didn't play all that great. They were okay. They chased it. They got a million shots on the net because we didn't have any defense. And we were like, uh, doing nothing. We were totally impident. I'm embarrassed for us. There was one upside. Yeah. I was watching on TV. Didn't have to put up with Rimmer and Pop, man. Yeah. Got to have something. You mean alligator arms? That would be he. Yeah. Well, congratulations to Eddie for being with smell. A death in the pack of scunks. He's brutal. Oh, he is just brutal. It was every time he came out there and started fumbling around and coughing it up and everybody, everybody's getting to the act now. The yelling get him off of there, get him off and put him in a penalty box, put him on a bench, get him off the ice. Now, Dougie, he's brutal. All right. Neil, you have a good one, sir. Back to you. Okay. We're out of our last call of the day. Happy pace off. And I'm going to look for that check. Let's sniff around. See if there's a check around. And then they get there a lot of here because it's obvious to sink on a flight of day, baby. 622 WiodD and day to have you ever lost your gas cap. We have a Broward wide open 7679463, 2 any other townlines. Here's your last chance. Volca on a mobile. Hello. How you doing Neil? Okay, sir. Well, I just wanted to tell you that it was pretty pitiful yesterday. Yeah. I couldn't believe it. It just couldn't believe it. But I'm not giving up. I'm not, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, they've played two games. What does it mean to give up? What does that? You know, most of this town, they probably have for more to give up. Yeah, I see. I'll tell you one thing Friday after we had the big game Thursday night, one, as brilliant people on the bad wagon, we love you. Pan, they're sick of the song. They're all excited. Now that we stuck to join out lost a game, which it's only one game. Now, nobody's got a thing to say about it. Yeah, my pants are so typical, man. It's so predictable. It's pathetic. It's like the weather in Anchorage, man. It's as predictable as the year thing is long. And, you know, the last couple days, I've seen tons of flags, where were the, uh, couple months ago. That's right. That's right, driving to the game yesterday. All of us in here's all these people with a flag flying. We want to game and, uh, guarantee that there won't be any out there today. Or by the way, you lost a game. Or off of that bad wagon real quick. Right. Another thing, Brooke was trying to, uh, erase that glass. I, I heard it all about seven o'clock Friday night. Yeah. You know, Susan, she was playing with equipment. What, what does this is anybody got erasing anything of the belong first of all? It's got nothing to do with her. It's not her thing. And secondly, what business of people got erasing stuff that's in our computers here? Yeah, it took her about 20 minutes to find it because it was under her name. Yes, it is. It's under Brooke. It's right here. It's under Brooke. B-R-O-O-K-E. It's under Brooke. There it is right there. Well, okay. I'll get new phone two open lines in day six, two, two, one on the mobile one purple line. I thought we were the ones that were going to be a sabotage everything. Wasn't that what Peter Bulger was handing around a couple of weeks ago? Several weeks ago? We were going to sabotage everything and erase everything out of the, you know, when the people going to grow up around here, already, when are they going to grow up? You don't posky around with other people's material. It's like, remember, I don't even know what that other geek engineer's name is. It runs in a family with his engineers. Remember that short squat guy? What those is his name? That he raced Rick Rally's program in a computer. Charlie. Now, what an asshole that was. That comes in there in the very arrogant and very nervous and very guilty conscience because he had no business diddle with something else. But there are a little, a little empire builders around here. Oh, I don't like that. So I'm going to erase it or he had no business putting in there. So I'm going to stick my nose into it. Even Pinocchio never saw a nose as like we got around here, man. They're long. They're amazing. The nose that is. So somebody named Cheryl, not Be Cheryl, but somebody named Cheryl, which I appreciate very much. Sweet art sends me a thing from people magazine. It's a whole article family reunion about the godfather and about the movie stars who were in it mostly is what it really is all about. And it shows where they are now. And many of them you'd be amazed are, Murtto, Murtto, did. Stirling Hayden played a corrupt cup but he did try the Velo. He had a great last meal. It was the best in the city you said as he was going, like that. Stirling Hayden played corrupt cup of clusky in 1986 and age 70 he died of prostate cancer. John Cazel, Frado. I didn't know he was dead, did you? Oh. Anyway, he was a rising star. He was in a drug day after known. In 1978, it's 42. He died of bone cancer. Richard Castellano portrayed Hitman Clemens. He died of a heart attack in 1988, it's 55. He died of fat. As Jack Waltz, John Marley found a horses head and bed. 1984 he died after heart surgery. Richard Coddy. Richard Coddy was a great actor by the way, but you had not all enough to remember sorry to it. Who played rival boss Don Barthini died in his 60s of a heart attack in 1975. As Luca Brotsi, Lenny Montana slept with the fishes in 1984 he'd too died of a heart attack. Oh, what is it? Because he was fat. Oh, he also died of a humongous fat. Alice Rocco who played Mo Green, he still haven't trouble seeing out of that one eye, but he's still around. Who else? Oh, if you could see this picture of Giano Russo who played Carlo, you would cry. Anybody could believe there was a god. I mean, he looked not seen. He was a hot looking young guy, but he would look normal like your carlowe, right? He looked for a wap. But anyway, I'm a new few. Look at him now with his pet pig. Oh my god. Krotesk Bruto, Molto Bruto. Anyway, he's 53 years old. He says he never did a movie after that where he wasn't against the kind of set him off for life. Also, Abe Vagoda, which we all know and here's Al Martino, no stranger to the mob. Al Martino says I thought I could play the role because I had lived it. The problem was Johnny Fontaine was widely believed to be part of a pattern after Frank Sinatra. Indeed, it says according to Martino Sinatra was so angry by the parallels that old blue eyes and a team of lawyers tried to have the Danny of Johnny Fontaine role cut from the movie. He failed although the part was reduced. In the end, Martino says I sent Frank a message telling him I was doing the role and thought he should step out. Whatever that means. He has no love for me and I feel the same for him. In other words, he did each other like poison and Sinatra is still maintained so he don't know nothing. Where's the thing about Abe Vagoda here for Christ's sake? Where do you hear he is? He's still kicking in a live. It says He won three Emmy nominations for Barney Miller had his own spin off fish in 1977. It was when he missed a rap party in 1982 for Barney Miller They was reported in rumor to be dead. I lost a lot of work after that. He said he was rumored to be dead. Abe Vagoda, he's still alive. Can you give me off the hope time? Full time saying can't do it, Salad. Don't call me Salad. So anyway, there's a friend who saw the godfather which probably is none of you but you're missing it. I'm telling you can't tell these people anything. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Anyhow, are you doing great? Great game right now. Oh yeah. How do you mean the eminent in game? I fell asleep in the second period after the 16th icing gall that was back and forth. It was a great game. What game are you talking about? The beam in the panther game? Yes. That was in last night? Well, if you have to after you've been an excuse me. It sucked. Well, there was a great game last night but you didn't see it. It was on ESPN. I watched. And it was on CBC. It was great. And it was a great performance by Mowg. We're at the final three minutes left. Well anyway, listen. How many times is when is it going to leave a seat? It's someone. He's a fan of music. Is many times it takes to get stupid penalties so we lose games. And also what a dumb penalty to just get that greasy gold by needle nose there. I'm a shot that Viser should have stopped. And like immediately thereafter, Lindsey gets a stupid charging penalty. As he leaves his feet, it's obvious it's right in front of the ref. And but I'm being all of a sudden it's too nothing. And I just love my people in section 230. After every time every single call, the Lindsey leaves his feet. He almost hits the ceiling. And that was real obvious. You stop. Yeah right. And you know something? He did a car ski called a brutal game yesterday. But we didn't lose because of bad officiating. And that was not a bad call. That was a very accurate call right there. But car ski was awful. He was awful. Roodle. He was. Listen to a couple things. How is it that the Panther Patrol? Yeah. When they're flipping these shirts up, how is it that people actually kill themselves for these these shirts? I've never seen anything like it before. Because this is Miami. That's what it is. And they're free. And they're free. Right. And I seen this one. He was she went up forward and she landed on her head. But she got the T-shirt and she was happy. That's all accounts. He had blood pouring from her post. But as long as you got the shirt, that's all accounts. As long as you get it. And inclusion and also, managed and bow jangle through in the pregame was unbelievable. And talking out is it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's I saw him was that was on my way to the rear. They were out there during a break. Right. Man, it says hey, how do you like our analis A was laughing? Because he knows they know nothing about it. I say that's okay. Just keep talking about the New York against Miami angle. Jimmy, it'll be all right. That's all they do. Yeah. And all the way. Wait, expect. They're Wayne. I like that was cute. That was cute. Somebody in the crowd had a big banner in it showed a picture of baldy there. And it said, hey, Ranger fans are Wayne is better than yours. I was okay. Yeah. I think Wayne made the banner. And did you ever say you can you play the housing this song? Which one? The Adiracos song not the asshole song not asshole Wayne. He's going to be picked up. That's not my take a dive. Have a great day, pal. All the kidding way. That way. I think a such an asshole. We're not healed and managed that creature. Because he would take a shower with ankle burq asshole asshole. He's way hising a such an asshole. He's just like Hitler and a brawn. What's that he's pounding on? Yeah asshole asshole. The only thing there is left to say is Prop to write away Fair Pants stop it. Here and all was back there. He has played an eternity Feeling forever soon. Here they come the audience. It's from back from Book for Rich. Shoot stars. Book for Rich. The audience. Here's where it is. I'm believe there's on one again, it was left. Now what a comeback. There was a team with character, and her young, fast, the hang in there. It was unbelievable. I want to remind you by the way. It was our own own Brian Murray, our General Manager, who never makes a mistake. who said earlier in the year back in November after that ugly trade, which I won't mention was made. He said, I'd rather have Chris Welles than Well, then Doug wait any day of the week. Okay, whatever you say what a sense of humor our GM is got Two open lines in Broward 767 W. I would be we got one on a purple line put away those moths isn't get to the phone already Will you Jesus everybody's a Jew on Paisoch man always the worst time of the year the worst 767 W. I would be in Broward, Pau. I would be in a mobile one line the other time lines for get it here's Hollywood. Hello Hollywood. Oh, yes, sir. Hey, what's up Neil? How you doing sir? I'm doing all right I'm a new time listener. I like to call somebody do you say okay? Well, you're a gimmick call call him up We don't do douche bags. Okay for people like I know material He's a new time list there once I call somebody a douche bag. Great. This is the kind of conversation I say let's just talk about crap all day. Let's talk about crap I Can't believe it. I just can't believe these people man. It's so you're so transparent like look into your pain of glass We lose a game in right away. Well, we won't want to say nothing about that We shouldn't watch that other game last night because we don't know who those guys are when that team is there anybody in this town And I was anything about anything other than early bird dinners is there anybody who has any interest in anything Anything besides golf Here's Wilton, man, or hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, the Jovo go to the metallic to concert Saturday night. He sucked Yeah, I think he was out on me. Yeah, so he has been playing a different uh for for months now I don't what you're talking about he's been sticking the joy out for months Yeah, he's a liability out there Well, I think the only power play we had was today at the beach place. I went down to get tickets Yeah, and there was 12 homeless people standing in a line out at 20. Uh-huh. No way to get tickets They don't do this the agent. No, we can't get tickets Yeah So what do we do how do we get tickets go scouts? I'm okay get out here quit whining two open lines in Broward 767 WOD the mobile one purple line is open pound I OD here's coconut grove hello Neil yes, sir have you heard um Jim really showing the weekend? I don't listen to Jim really sir I mean that's all about you. Yeah. Hey. Hey. How about the Rangers taking aint meaning what it's all about me What what is show? Yeah Neither talks about you constantly. Yeah, so in other words he has no material right right right Uh-huh. Oh, he's got a lot of company in this station. Huh? Huh? What? Okay? Hey, Ranger. Yeah, huh suck We have an open line. I got news for Rangers didn't play that much of a game either. They played pretty marginal if you asked me But we just didn't show up so it's pretty easy to win when the other team misses the bus 610 Diody My amn's first work fair experiment That's how he says with day Pick it up your eye. Not beetles the fam for the lands from Liverpool. They shaped the music of a generation and now What if records presents What if the beetles with Jewish She's got a ticket to ride they tell you woman. She's crazy Hey, hey, hey, it's a ride and she's don't even care What if the beetles with Jewish featuring the four lands from Israel and their Yamaka He cuts so I'm a constain John Lennonburg George Harowitz and Morty star Any Lane hey, I'll be a bus 15 Three dollars get out of my yard Her tip Any Lane cool cool cool cool you you always Say the chile and I say show So happy based off to all 10 48 so you ever lose a gas cap and shawl We have how about a skull cap and shawl we have an open line on a purple one the line at mobile mobile one at pound iod one and broored 767 I let's talk about skull caps okay About people I make their kids go to school wearing a little bini. Okay. What do we do with people like that who want to live in the dark ages and make their kids follow suit? What do we do about that just like your friend the accountant there doesn't he worry your arm will cut as he worth Yes, and he's bringing me months of today too. Oh my god, I bet it's trade wouldn't surprise me You'll need to kosher. Yeah Yeah, that the ones that pretend the most it's just like those born again Christians man the one that put on a biggest act They're bone in everybody Here's Kendall hello Kendall I want to leave it on my god another dead head over here. How'd other dead have are you gonna speak to me or you're gonna patch You're about to back okay get off my line you idiot. Oh, put on a date six two two here's Miami. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Meal. Yes, the only good thing about that game yesterday was I went to the dayside flea market Aided limbaardies. I can recommend it. Good place excellent. How do you like that? Yeah Listen, what's with this little bini's anyway? What are those orthodox shoes? Yeah, they're real orthodox shoes Who are living in the dark ages who's so so beanie's into their kids here and make them go around and everybody laughs at them I look at look at David over there. He's got a bitch got a bini on his head I want to leave that to the Pope for crying a lot. You know the Pope is wearing a dress So how you know, beanie who's gonna even look at that? Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah All right, I'm out of material. Thanks for the good news pal glad you enjoyed course stop eating so much you better watch yourself You better watch yourself that's what they're saying around here at the nighttime because we're all in big big trouble That's right take a deep breath sweetie. There you go All of the lulluch you to when to let it out and the breath too two open lines in date six two two nine four six three But what a bunch of dead heads we got here today come on lift your a lift your thing up a little bit Lift it up a little bit take a look at it See if it's alive Here's plantation hello Yes, sir when the house still man Take the day off and where is he how to hello? Why not where he is he's in court doing depositions right now. I think Becoming the toilet man. Hey, I listen to deep oh and Man is talking Yeah, he's got it on his mind. We have an open line in braward 767 9463. We have two and day six two two Well when you're in the toilet you got something like that on your be mine Two and day all this is brutal. I'm gonna play the music screw it There's nothing that says I got to come in here and talk okay. I can play all the music I want I can play godfather in riquey ecclesias. Oh, yes, why so on the channel? Not now. It's unsour is net the one from South America Holy wait, Lisa's junior Yeah, holy wait, Lisa's junior and not only fruity one and he said I have my junior honey. No, he's uh, I don't know but today he's kind of strange looking He's not really as fruity looking as I thought he was he's kind of strange looking though From the lower lip down. I mean he's I give him a 98 and scale a one but from the lip up he's kind of a little on the Strane side Julio, who near here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, my name is Frank a long time listener first time caller. Yes Two things I wanted to mention about the thing on the godfather that you played There is another Italian in that movie that's still around that I do a Jesho in Miami on Public Radio once a week and that you know there's a jazz singer that was in that movie More than a king or a ganna king, right? She's still around and still singing fine That he's definitely on the tape somewhere, but first it's long gone. Yeah, that was great. He's a great more ganna king Great to the stylist very underrated. Yeah, yeah, yeah, secondly I was originally from New York course. I followed a range of back to the jaccomand days But a long time hockey watcher and I love the panters and it's a tough one for me But I'm just root for a good series and I want to see a good seven game series Well, we haven't seen a good series so far. I'll tell you that. I mean the first two games I mean with a panters played nine good minutes in the first game and no good minutes in the game yesterday and arrangers first game didn't show up and yesterday We're not gonna write home about either So what I've seen in those two games is far from what you'd call playoff hockey You know you watched the other playoff games you see these incredible games going on and phenomenal excitement like that Edmonton Dallas game last night and our two games man has been about as much excitement as a third in a punchball I know I mean I've sort of been flipping back and forth and watching some of the other games But right there's been a lot of action already in the first round right Chicago beats Colorado and over time yesterday. I mean we've had some in double over time no less We've had some real great playoff hockey out there, but we haven't seen any of it here. Yeah, no All right, you know what appreciate it and have a good show. Okay pal. Bye bye. See you two Up and lines a date on a the worst Monday of our lives the worst ever Let's say cottage today even what's the wrong holiday Well any holiday could be the right holiday because the show just died Just wait till those numbers come in one of those numbers coming in by the way. Do we have any idea? Oh that's right Maybe when the PD shows up 62 2 WIOD and day we got two open lines there. We got a parent-brower at 767 We got two on the out of town lines Palm Beach Worldwide audio net everybody which we haven't even had a tickle air I don't think one triple eight four seven four nine four six three Oh God here's a lady in four Loderdale hello hello. Yes, man. Hi. I'm a first time listener in a first time caller I really enjoy parts of your show. I think you're very funny and entertaining Yeah, you sound like you live in a locker room. Can you not find any other words other than dish bag and Plus let me say this to you okay? Uh-huh. This is the first time you're listening to the show. Yeah, it is And you feel like you're a name teen and you're making me drink it. Had in the morning. I mean it's pretty bad I'm making you drink it 10 am or you have a drinking problem. No, I don't now. I'm just I'm I'm kidding But so the why are you listening is somebody holding you hostage now? No, but I mean Part three times if somebody is holding you hostage in forcing you to listen to the show Okay, let me ask you something do you want to have a conversation or you just want to a pontificate? More than happy to have a conversation. It's like if you don't like to show them why are you listening? Well, like I said it was a first time listener. I'm was a fact Let me say this to you if I turned on a radio show or TV show and I didn't like what I was hearing or watching Guess what I would turn on something else. I wouldn't take the time in the trouble to call up and say well Why don't why don't you do why don't you do this show in a way That so I like it and enjoy listening to your show. I said that at times you're very No, no, but you want me to do the show the way you want to hear it You want to tell me how to do the show and what to say is that right? No I'm not telling you how to do your show. I'm just saying that you're selling you live in a locker room No, I don't yes, you do I live in a real world and you know something I don't really love okay Everybody I know uses those same words that I do in fact plenty of words that I use that we can't use on a year as you know I don't know I don't I don't hang around high schools. We know some people who do but I don't hang around high schools No, you don't no okay So in other words you live in such a you live in such a goodie you live in a goodie too She's let me say it again. Can you hear me when I'm speaking or not? I can hear you find why do you talk at the same time? Well What's the and why have you got the radio up and back you like the sound of your own voice? No, my boyfriend was nice. Oh your boyfriend's is in the radio cranked up and back is he getting off on this? Yeah, that's Sure is yeah good well, okay, okay blow it out your ass Unbelievable okay, she's listening he must be forcing her to do it and listen to the show too Sorry sweetheart just grin and bear it open line in date six two two W I would and boy talk about jappy sounded it. Why are you doing that this? She sounded like somebody else I can think of which I don't want to mention no name In some matter of fact Could have been a clone Although this one had a better radio voice we have two open lines in Broward 767 9463 767 W iod That to me I'll never be able to figure that out I've been doing this for 400 years and people who you know Well, I like a little bit of what you doing but couldn't you do it this way? So I could listen no I'm not changing my show for you sweetheart go find something else to do go do something productive Okay go do push ups in a pickle patch go to something that you might have a good time doing oh that locker room language of yours. Oh God God forbid douchebag In fact, I never mentioned a word douchebag the whole hour some asshole call there's a can I call a friend of mine douchebag Yeah call them up okay. I never mentioned a word douchebag once But if douchebag offends you so much sweetheart there must be a reason as in go look in the mirror And push oh my god. What a what an ugly looking push 1057 a w iod come to the parking play pompeto park racing where April is your month to win Catch simultaneous racing Monday through Saturday from Dover yonkers hazel park more Hawke denier freehold the metal lands wins Or polcano and the meadows and of course every Friday night is TGIF at pompeto park with dollar deals on drinks and food But you better head out to the top of the park dining room tonight if you want that two for $20 special Because tonight is the last night of the season for that because the dining room closes April 26 this weekend But at pompeto park there's always something great going on and what we got to come up is the opening again of the international buffet on level four of the club That's gonna come on April the 30th which is on a week from Wednesday You Oh, right 1103 a w o o d happy Monday happy pace off even the go in our celebrating day and Let's go to us here. She is here's the happy poem lady happy poem Hello there. Yes, man boy that woman was the sure little. Yeah. She was great Oh boy. She's just put on an act to her boyfriend put her up to what he stuck her up to it Oh, yeah, that's what you call up to greater in cup Yeah, and I'm calling especially to wish you a season based on a season pace off you're not eating in the drip area Yes, I I you're not eating much is already the lady in your puppet like a brick I started this morning I had some powerful Oh Remember far fold the dog Well, do you remember far fold the dog? No on TV years ago on some TV show there was a character called far fold the dog Right, yeah, I guess He isn't here and I guess not probably not That's going around so how are you doing? I'm doing okay. I'm glad I'm glad to hear it Got a bunch of dead heads out there today, but we'll wake him up. Yeah. Well, they're all on the way to slow me's for the free monster Probably K-pitch app. Yeah, that's what they always tell me. Yeah, have a great day. Thank you. Do happy pace off same to you. Bye bye bye bye now. We have an open line in date 6221 at Broward 767 Even the mobile on purple line which is never ever ever ever ever available is a busy right now Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. I don't know okay? Everybody's always talking about the afternoon news guys. I just want to say what a pleasure He's great. We love Lisa Lupari. I heard that by the way your name is Lupari is your last name Right, she came over from kiss FM. I miss she's great right? And she's also woman. How do you like that? So I'm not really see if you got talent. I'll go on here and say I think you're great if you stink. I'm gonna say you stink. Right now. She was always good I'm asking does a action on QVC Not that I know of they they owned home shopping that work with you. I don't think they own anymore But that's where he made he stepped into that crap and made a ton of money and now all of a sudden he's dangerous because he's got a lot of money All right, I thought you own QVC. But all right, that's it. Maybe he does. I don't know What the only reason I think is because his dark hand is like everywhere you look his dark hand is in the background There was there was a QVC sponsored NASCAR Crash a couple weeks ago, yeah, and all that when they interviewed the driver all he gets to every other where was God dammit and Damned this and hell with this guy and guys You know I thought I was dumb a wife What if he's gonna have a job next week But I don't know now he'll just start saying God dang yeah, yeah, that'd be better all right See you in God dang all right and then Vietnam we have two open lines in date 6 2 2 night isn't it? It's right next to the name is God dang Two open lines in date 6 2 2 Wild we got one in Broward 767 9463 if you're offended by douchebag if you're disgusted and revolting by the gutter locker room language on his show If you think that we ought to be hanging around high schools waiting out in the parking lot I don't know some people are probably hanging around elementary schools, but I won't mention no names Yet here's a mobile and curl springs hello What is it good yon to good yon to you sir? Question for you you don't wear a bini on your head do you? Oh, thank God. Oh, I can't say that Good question for you yesterday's game, which we won't go into length about Was there a game yesterday here? It's a little common good thing Good for a full man. I don't know if you noticed once you read these come a sense of today. Yeah, four page spread or full two double page spread For signifying the Rangers, well we won the game Thursday night. Yeah, you remember about a half a page. Yeah This town is like forget it with anything. What they need to do with uh on the other sport But hockey But the football right yeah, well, they do and you know it's interesting That all the articles in here. I mean Dave Joseph's column and Dave hide and the Airvier to Collin here says the same thing Does the same thing and you know the worst thing that could happen was that you get that first goal. Oh That's a 50 feet ahead him that was a pretty greasy goal. Beezer should have had it Should have had it just inside a blue line of course. Where was the defense? Where was the defense on a three on one? Rangers got the power play were short handed and we give them a three on one were a man short I mean I have never seen anything so embarrassing seldom in my life that was pathetic Yeah, that's the a went from blue line the blue line right down the board. Yeah, I'll start by on one with a power play How come we're not back where the hell are our guys? What are they thinking about while we're still in the game? I've also like to know the conversations of McLean games the Marty's truck after he whiffs on that one When he shouted why well And Doug McLean don't like Marty's truck on the first place. I'm gonna tell you the only good shift that we had for anybody in that game was Struck us first shift in a game Strucker was great. He was in there for check and he was kicking as he was keeping it in in any eventually Duro penalty when they hold him down for the third time Carrarsky finally had a call it so Strucker had a great shift there. He did miss the buck the puck was bouncing on a one-year talking about right wide open That because the ice here is the worst in league. It's a nightmare and the puck was bouncing But then you know this also Finally late in the game. He puts Strucker out there with Laurian Shepherd on the power play after we were out of the game But the coach now has got a new lover boy and that's Kirk Muller. He's obsessed with Kirk Muller Kirk at a couple of good games there so now all of a sudden Kirk's on his regular shift He's out there in a power play and said a Strucker. He's all over the place and what did he do? I wonder when he had one good shot that was it the range is really took out melombian Shepherd out of the game Yeah, it really gave some out like we did with brest Well, we played with with no intensity whatsoever We got a lot of stupid penalties Lensies Lindsey's dumb peddle was unconscionable and he's been doing that a lot lately and he should know better We Billy Lindsey doesn't need to be a ghoul non this team to play well. That's not what we pay him for No, we all know one thing We claim much to told boys keep your hands in your on your sick. Yeah, and you think the bill empty happens to be Good looking for the penalty Ridiculous. Yeah Let's hope for a better one tomorrow. Okay pal. We're still alive. All right. See you They hit us with three goals and we're still alive We have an open line in date 622 Wiod we have two and brown at 767 9463 here's Kendall Hello Okay, on that first goal with gratsky yeah the bees are why was he so like far out of the goal? He was very but I saw the replay he was way I mean, there's nothing wrong with being out of the goal to cut down the angle But he just was not in the right position But he was like a wrong angle. He would like four foot out of the goal. Yeah. I thought he was a little too out and and he didn't have enough No, he wasn't too far out. He just was on a he didn't have he was on a bad angle. He just didn't cover to right part of the net Right right. Yeah, well, hopefully we'll pick it up tomorrow Yeah, I report yes that guy on Zeta Paul yeah, he does he's doing hockey bits to Copy and you'd like exact to the tea almost talk like you now what do you mean hockey bits? He does hockey highlights now. Oh, no in the morning. Oh, no. I happen to listen to Zeta's of the Friday morning and he hit like at seven in the morning. Yeah, and he does your bit at seven in the morning Well, does my bit what do you mean my bit what bit does hockey highlights he's eating on the air? Yeah, I think he got it to copy it all you from it. Well, that's one thing about Paul man. He never had an original even when he Farts it smells like somebody else's have a great day pal. Okay, oh, as you know said that get that bitch upset the call before That's got her boyfriend in the other room with a radio turned up real out at F*** bitch. Yeah, go find something you might be able to relate to okay go turn on the Jenny Jones Something go go to Jenny Jones maybe you could lose some weight you slob God almighty these women in his town that's a big bro. You know we had a lot of women come up to me yesterday Before the game my side autographs that we're very nice can we get our picture made with you? No problem But I'd say about 85 90% of the women is town got no sense of humor whatsoever They're uptight they're repressed they're living like in the 15th century already Here's a lady in Del Rey Beach, hello Hi Neil. Yes, man. He's not uptight and repressed. Well, thank God right dammit you're in rare form today Yeah, be Monday and happy fun and good for me audience sucks, but I'm doing okay. I'm doing fine Always listen Neil this a little spy report. Yes, I'm sitting down to dinner I put the television on channel for and who is anchoring the news But Michelle John. How do I know that it just had a psychic premonition? Okay, he shall right so you ever see her nose and Wayne grits keys together It looks the same. Uh-huh. Same nose one person right and no more black hair It's like lighter. It's real long and hanging. She looks like a soccer spanion Owing and going and gagging and so unprofessional. It's just embarrassing. Yeah Anyhow, I just as long as you're ripping everybody an A hold today You have to get on I don't know why well she keeps popping up here like a bad penny She keeps showing up here over and over again with a couldn't stand her here before they can't stand her here now And they kick your out of the you're kind of like the Irene Richard of TV She keeps coming back even though everybody hits your like poison She keeps coming back exactly Okay, Neil I'm out of material. Thanks for the bad news right have a great day. Bye bye. Bye bye We have two open lines in day six two two wild we have one in Broward 767 Call us today and tell us that Karen K is great There to be great like Glenn Turner with that hair lip dare to be great baby and she don't even have a hair lip Here's poppin. Oh hello Yes, sir. How are you doing this morning my friend? I do it okay Listen, I just want to call and let you know I think you're the greatest Cockshill who's I've ever heard yeah, and I want you to know you're the greatest nut sack and halo ever heard Yeah, yeah And Not that Oh, a lot very good. I'd be not yeah happy not yeah Richard might be my mother get ready America for a new tennis shoe the canvas cancret says I Love Introducing Dikes with stiff nipple traction for the big girls who like to go the extra mile Just slide them on and pump them up and get ready for some one on one Just 69 bucks this week air dikes Wherever millis the effort CDs are sold air dikes Look for the shoe with a long ton 117 and W. I do it remind me there's a really really really well our two things in E. A son sentle On the editorial page in the op-ed page one is a very good letter by a Harvey Fralic in sunrise Religion is a divisive force a gizonna say about religions a bunch of crap nice going Harvey YouTube bastard and Then on the other page cal Thomas that good board again right wing cal Thomas He used to be uh, didn't used to sleep with the jury fall well or the fishes or somebody like that Another one is right wing Christians out there ignore the bad boost the good And it's got a really stupid editorial cartoon here two by the way Here's the cover of time magazine Tinkerbell tells all and the Tinkerbell is saying I'm a fairy then here's L.C. the board and cows saying I'm a homo Holding a thing of milk and then here's popular mechanics saying with already kilowatt saying I'm AC DC And here's Jim Edd it's saying I like it so it's all on their own a cartoon Ignore the bad boost the good and cal Thomas is how can I try to get about Ellen and Ellen is coming out And those awful TV people and about family values and bop a bond how they it's all a bunch of propaganda and it's not entertainment So here it is he says all over America the New York Times tells us lesbians will be parting on the night of April 30th During Ellen's broadcast all of his a mistype here and it says hasbians Thessbians will be celebrating that must be what it is some hip television critics are praising the network for its daring Encourage Here you go listen to this Real courage would portray Ellen or one like her as a heterosexual married stay at home mom who goes to church with her husband and children Votes Republican loves Ronald Reagan listen to Rush Limbaugh and honors your country Exactly oh my god oh halle Lua and probably gives a sense mightage in Baker and Tammy fade to interspere time So Tammy can afford that expensive makeup Wake up and sniff at man wake up and sniff it right now before it's too late What are we doing for lunch today by the way just to piss off the guy that says I eat too much It's a habit you know eating is every now and then you just find yourself eating a meal when you're least expected There you are sitting down as food in front of you you're eating a meal. I know it's a terrible habit Although I understand that if you go like three four months without eating you won't want to anymore. Yeah, oh, I think it's more than that So what do we want to do when Arnold on pace off that would be good now Is it start tonight at sundown or last night tonight at sundown so we're still safe Even if it's safe you're still safe even if it's safe until sundown tonight then put that beanie on your head get out your sits is layer to fill in Hocker-chronic put your hands pay us get your tallest in your pace or just pay us and Stand up at a candle and dab it over the candles right dab it over those candles But we'll have whatever it is but we'll hotaw it or not, but we'll have however Baruch your nose It's one thing you never forget after you learn at Kakka and Hebrew and you have your bar mitzva all at all those bubble mice He's been barra who at our noi-han vorah Papa papi pipi piyar yara all at crap isn't tonight when they say money stanna hallala has a hot not Halila whatever Samsung and Halila Money stanna halila has a why is this Monday so full of crap like all the other ones because it's Monday God dammit That's what that means As in every month again, don't restrict their Hocker to China with some other bubble micees on some of the silly holiday right Harvey and sunrise right on sweetheart Two open lines in date six two two who stole the mutha open line at Broward 767 the deadheads are ready to get in today man the deadheads So Macalan Maria what yes, what I just say that would be great Oh to have those pork white hats on a pace off would really piss off these the orthodox bastards like you're accountant there What that beanie soda on a was head Here's North Kendall hello Hi, yes, sir. Hello. Yes, I am yeah good morning. Yeah good morning. Yeah, did you this is push quality the real push? Yeah, you ever find out what the words for need to me Fenito yeah, Fenito means finished right okay I fact already but what do you mean did I find out like I didn't know what that mean in my mind? I know you didn't at the time I heard it like that you sure I did okay. I don't know Fenito Fenito but he told oh That's what they said when they hung his dead ass in Milan Fenito but he told yeah, oh anyways I watched the game. Yes today. We were Fenito before it started. Yes, and the crowd you were right I think was Friday you mentioned the crowd and they they The TV scanned the crowd and they look like they were dead. Yeah, and I think the crowd has 50% of what the team does And they were disciting it like that. Yeah, it was very dead crowd There has been no playoff atmosphere in that arena for either one of these games even though we won the first one No playoff atmosphere whatsoever and you watched the games in these other cities and they're going ballistic And I'm there first playoff game. They were going nuts and last night in Edmonton I mean I had the big oil rig out there before the game on the ice and they had the laser show and they really went ballistic This has been very weak very weak this year here. Yeah, well when they pan the coach it looks just like the crowd also Yeah, stand there just tune gum. I don't know what he is but In the woods he lost the game yesterday so now he's a bad coach. Is that what it is you were turning on him? I never liked him never liked him. Yeah, I don't know if he's I think he's a good guy to the stand They kept finals last year now. You're knocking my buddy Doug McLean just because he bought his wife a necklace No, no, I don't like him. Yeah, why not? Why because he never smiles he looks like a dead person. Yeah, that's all I like the team. I like everything. I don't like him personally He bought that coach of Phoenix. Hey, he never smiles They kicked ass yesterday they had a big year But the panthers are my team. Yeah, okay. Thanks so much pal. There's a guy who's worried about what the coach smiles And out there's a real typical software to hockey fan for you. He don't like the coach because he never smiles all right Smile a lot more Dougie. Come on. Let's go Even if alligator arms didn't pick up the checks mile anyway Date County 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 all three deadlines are wide open. It's a disgrace you talk about having an intelligent hockey conversation That's one thing. There's never any fear of hearing an Islam from the so-called fans because they know nothing nothing Nothing hey, ref you suck all right very good Here's Cape Coral. Hello Come on in Neil when is this hey? I happened to hear you mention Farple yeah Jimmy Nelson was over here in Cape Coral Jimmy Nelson had farphled a dog. There was 400 years ago, right? That's right is the Nestle's commercial right that's where it was right that's not that long ago. It's only what about 70 80 years ago Oh by the way Did you have to see Diane Sawyer's interview with him? I did not with whom Sammy the bull no, no, I did not He said the godfather movie was Yeah, we already heard that we already heard that on Friday, we had 85 calls about that. Okay One thing we're not gonna get the godfather movie over here why not I call amc and Cobb yeah, they say we're not gonna get it. Huh That really stinks. Yeah Well anyway, I checked WQAM so when the change comes we'll be able to be able to hear you over here in Cape Coral great We're looking forward to God bless you pal. Thanks. Have a great life. Bye. See you Open lines in date all three six two two Wild six two two nine for nobody in date ever lost their gas cap Nobody in date wants to bitch slap anybody. Okay. Nobody in date likes the Karen Whatever her name is summer show Here's a mobile in Pompanoh hello. I do now. Okay. Yeah, I want to game and We really need to go see the sink things up. I don't know what I've got to do either sit them all down Oh, hey Good talk and there are some lines up. Yeah, that's a that greasy go on the beater that in One of the two of two of the three were greasy. Yeah Don't regret it. He was he was set up perfectly for it the thing is he went down on the park They tend to see a golly, you know when it's summer shoot on it. I don't agree with you I saw the rwats on the replay and he was he didn't play the angle well at all No, it was not okay Well, he blew it anyway. He whifed on it. Do I run right through his legs? Yeah, he's got those greasy goals of killing every time they got a That one I robot I got that he thought he headed the punk froze in there and he just uh Pushed away and whacked it under his pad that was really how I mean two greasy goals But you know something it does make a difference because he they got one other one and we didn't get any They can't win too many games with no goals That's right. We got to get there our Gold scoring production up and yeah So the next two nights tomorrow Wednesday in New York will find out which is the real pan to team The one at one those three big games in a row against jersey and Pittsburgh and the Rangers or the one we saw for like weeks and weeks and weeks And the one that resurfaced unfortunately yesterday We're to it's ugly post in the Ranger game yesterday We'll find out who the real little panters are next game is the clincher as far as the rest of our year goes okay take care now see you Dave County this is your last call in date. I'm never gonna give these numbers again. It's the last time I've ever given these numbers And you can take that to the bank if you want they won't accept it six two two nine four six three six two two wild we have one open line in Broward seven six seven nine four six three How's that Wayne stock doing today? Huh the whole world is sitting back waiting to see if that Wayne stock is gonna creep up over 30 If we're gonna be able to be tired by the end of the week everybody's worried about this is wild really for sale again Let's start a bunch of wild rumors here today. Let's get with it Let's get with a program you just a bunch of deadheads a bunch of sour pie like I said Fony phony phony this could be the phony is town on the face of the earth Everything here is like on a on a like it's being on egg shells. It's a it's a deck a a falling tilting deck of cards There's no real support here for nothing okay and by the way that speaking of support in jox traps That big slogan I got this year show me the cup and all the NHL games all the playoffs and all over the Ariniest Day when we walked in the hand it is the big red and white sign show me the cup That's exactly the same thing that Graham James got in trouble for saying to Sheldon Kennedy and lots of others show me your cup But hey don't don't confuse Gary Betman with the facts he don't embarrass easily By the way happy paisa Gary Betman you a little torp you and get rid of that in the accretary role immediately If not sooner you and Brian Burke are you people out of your minds or what I got your crease over here 1127 a W I O D George W I O D Just for snack time anymore Living love my jockey shirt Thanks to the state of California the bonnicks has become an official language But on the east coast in Brooklyn paisonics is ruling the street A U is guys check out the Bambinos on that broad and get a lot of her a pulpa English translation I really enjoy her company So last night I banged the hell out of this chicken this real classic joint English translation I made love to her in the back of my camera Yeah, yeah, I'm the main tenants director. We're all the youth hang out English translation I'm a janitor at the elementary school If you'd like to get your copy of hooked on paisonics just stuff some money in a clean brown envelope and shove it under the back door of mario's Over on the west side and will be in time for Josh Shove it love a 32 a W I O D happy Monday happy paisa It's a great day. Don't let one game go let the marlin slide don't let sports okay Don't let sports destroy your life. It's only a game, right? So you lost it big bed now. It's starting to get serious Here's Tamara hello Hello Neo. Yes, sir. Hey. How are you? Great. Hey Is this the panther team that with that everybody knows that that uh, you know we watched this today or this is the panther team That we saw play pretty much this way for the last uh, I'd say December January for a boring march most of April Yes, now if you want hockey Neil Didn't you see that Pittsburgh Philadelphia game on Saturday night and that that's hockey yeah, yeah, I saw parts of it That that's hockey. I didn't I saw most of it. Yeah, you know and and well I didn't watch it I was going to make a statement in Dallas last night that was the best game in the playoffs so far So far well I thought it was out there to get less than four. No you're wrong sir Less than four minutes left. It's three nothing Dallas Edmonton scores three goals the last two within a 12 second Span to tie it and then wins it in overtime right Yeah, that was the best game in the playoffs so far but I was on a SPN But because we got so many real fans in his town nobody here saw that either Well, I must have missed that I didn't see I hate to break the news to you But if you're gonna be a fan of a sport just watching your local team especially when the playoffs come around Then really doesn't enlighten you very much as to what's going on. Do you know what I'm saying? Hey, let me ask something Neil. Huh. You're going to 56 is this true? I mean, yes, if you are going to Yes, I am to that little shack or that little bill. No, we're gonna have a new studio in a different building Not in that little shack. No a nice brand new studio in a different building. Yes. Oh, okay Because I couldn't see you like working in that little shack, you know, you know something when you're listening on the radio You could be doing it out of a broom closet and the audience doesn't know because it's radio We could be sitting in a two by three broom closet right now saying we got a beautiful big studio And you don't really know for sure do you No, but every time I drive by there, I think if you if I'm saying no Neil just can't go to this place here This is not gonna be for him. Yeah, what did I just get through Tanya? Well, you could do it in a broom closet then I guess No, I just got to your town. You were gonna be in a big new beautiful studio But you don't it doesn't seem to be registering. It doesn't seem to be penetrating They kneel you got to do me a favor. I want to hit that pop pot song We have two open lines in day six two two nine four six three six two two WOD how about just a little bit for this guy? Okay, that's enough and one open line in Broward 767 9463 here's Margate. Hello Yes, sir. How you doing okay? Hey, what's going on in your part? Not a thing over here, man dead as a door nail DOA today dead on arrival Got it's been going in give you a hard time Oh, screwed at bitch. Yeah, they don't deserve the time to you So what's going on? What can we do for you today sir? What do you have on your mind? I just wanted to call you and tell you that's okay two open lines in Broward 767 9463 two in date 622 WOD Two on the Palm Beach lines the worldwide lines yodon and why does anybody show up on Monday because Monday for me is payday Don't have no check yet, but Monday for me is payday But I'm sure I'm positive that any minute now Bonnie will come running in won't she and have that envelope with that nice little paycheck and a walk Bonnie have that check in there and till say praise Jesus and I'll say God bless you sweetheart Zyke is on happy pace off and get out of here See I hate to break the news to you, but there's no such thing I should really say this because some people just are emotionally not ready to handle this There is no such thing as a Jew for Jesus it is not possible it can't happen It is a contradiction in terms Jews don't believe in Jesus that's like Mormons for Buddha it just isn't possible okay sweetheart Sorry Let's get these phones blazing baby your dead or an adornale today man date county 622 WOD Broward 767 9463 this is the deadest day. I can remember in history in recent history Programmed director no sign of him hide near hair ain't seen no sign of him today He probably changed his mind Here's Fort Lauderdale on a mobile hello You don't do you see that sign and in the arena all the wings better than you oh yes, we talked about that already sure yes Okay, okay, you go you still go to the track used to go to pop up and I once in a great while yes Okay because you know as far as the I haven't seen you vet there so I was wondering if you show up there You haven't seen my vet. What do you scour the problem? I work my color. I work valet yeah And usually you pull your car up to valet and I usually or you're talking I know I have never I never park in valet Are they never park in valet? You usually show me where your car is away never park in valet I park in the are lot and everybody who works there knows I have an hour sticker Which they treat me very well. I never park in valet Because Jess was looking forward to driving you car, but he isn't gonna drive my car. So you know so never no chance Never go to listen would we got to the panel oh my god. I'm gonna kill myself on here today Oh, you see the day I'm gonna do it to me I don't want you to feel responsible what you're responsible. I bet you That's a smaller gun. I bet you will Yeah Just one right in the back of the head uh-huh Just like in the godfather right what's the matter with you today? There's nothing to wrong with me today, but you're talking caucca everybody I got on here Day nine out of ten of me over your full ococa you got nothing Talk about a kid how about how about the dial tone Two open line ever had you heard a good dealt. I guess he's here one right now Two open lines in date six two two wild we have one on a mobile on purple line pound ID how about gas caps People want to hear about if you ever lost the gas cap on your car Which is why now of course they haven't tied on here if you got a car that's worth anything Although it's interesting on a 96 Corvette. It's not like it doesn't have on those things The 97 vet you'll be pleased to know when you go out there and spend your 42 grand or whatever it is That's got a gas cap that's like a little tied right in there. It's got that thing. It's like tie. It's a tie on And you can't yank that off you can't pull it off you can't rip it off It's it's locked on airman never ever to be seen again Open line in a mobile one purple line pound ID. Yeah, I see your car and value of a valley park your car all the time Right whatever you say just keep making crap up pretty soon You'll be working into Harold with material like that Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale hello Mobile in for Lauderdale is Is dead okay open line in Broward 767 here's a lady in North Miami Beach hello Lady in North Miami Beach Hi Neil yes All you are the greatest I used to go to the Alex Bennett show I would meet you in the hallway and I'd tell you you were the greatest. Yeah, but don't know because the food was great Anyway, happy pays off and I want to tell you I did buy high-drawn Because you recommended it and you're right. It's wonder it is and Just keep marin it yeah, and so we set to step for the bathroom What is it called clean shower? Yeah, that is also wonderful when I tell you it's great. It's great Well, I know that right I bought it and Let's see Neil I really I can't remember what else I want to tell you but you are the greatest okay Well, kiddo argument for me. I know I'm here to be agreeable. Okay, okay, sweetheart Okay Two open lines in date 6 2 9 4 6 3 6 2 I'm sorry that we're intruding on your lives today I really want to apologize personally for that Excuse me for doing that okay Here's a lady in Tamara. Hello Yes, ma'am This is a bit of trivia last week I was watching Jay Leno and he had I never watched Jay Leno He are now in King on celebrating 40 years of my life Ellen King Or Jay Leno or even Larry King No was it Larry King or was it Alan King Larry King? I know how to do a torture. Yeah, and happy story They shared a picture of him early in his career right He had dark hair alongside her or is that the one where he was saying go on me for $2 right Am I cropping and the call letters on the microphone would double you I? right You didn't know that he worked here? No. Oh yes But in fact here's one of the first things he said on the air which got him fired was the worst talk radio ever heard in my life with NW And that was the end that was it What happens with picture that they showed yeah It was quite interesting work like an ax murder didn't they? He looked different with the dog Yeah, along side, but yeah Didn't look like the same person, but I just thought you might be interested thanks for the good news Okay, that was I was on okay, we have two open lines in date 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 1 and Broward on Larry King line 7 6 7 9 4 6 3 7 6 7 7 7. Long me on you got Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello Good morning, yo. Yes, sir. Happy Monday to you happy Monday happy 20 1 O D Whatever it is April. Yeah, so you're all set for your cedar. No, I'm not with your Exoranidly price my son. No, I mean we don't celebrate such crap no no no We don't have no moths. We don't have no cedar We don't eat no parsnips or turnips. We don't do that my family You don't you don't get not once but twice For what like with the parsley in the salt water and I don't even know what that's all about That's one bubble micey that's escaped my brain so far What do you do with the salt water in the parsley? You got a it's in it's in the gutter you got a dip it and oh it's in the hoggata Ox use me hoggata damn But anyway, you should do you should have a cedar in invite the bud? Yeah, there you go and Show them as they say is they say in Jerusalem a hubminton dread No, okay, no, okay Happy pace off pal. Okay, get another 20th century would be nice We have an open line and Browards even Adams not gonna have no cedar okay your family doesn't do that crap do they? Oh, they do like I said Adams families in the Stone Age Open line of our wallet don't you understand it's part of being Jewish? We have to keep our heritage. It's part of our ritual. Yeah, so what those animal sacrifices to okay That's what those Haitians are saying every time they're sacrificing their choking those chickens Oh, it's part of our tradition Mon Wonder how Cliff the pool mind is doing by the way nice job Cliff Also we should have reduced the price on my pool because I got him another job at Norm Kent's house I guess you only about 500 back right right cliff. Okay, just leave it in the pool Open line in Browards 767 Wiod by the way I'm buying a brand new dryer. I'm paying for it because my dryer repair got kind of vanished from the face of the earth I don't know what that's all about I Don't I have no idea what happened to them, but hey, you know, and I want to mail him a check for whatever he tried to do for me Which didn't work out But I bought a new dryer yesterday at Brands, Mark Karen just in case you're keeping track because she was very We're nervous that it was very boring my taking 15 seconds on here and mentioning that my dryer was broken I bought a nice new world pool by the way I was over at Brands, Martin. Yes, they know me and they love me over there and the transaction took about three minutes and yes, I paid for it So put that in your book okay sweetheart And I want to tell you something you better watch out. What was the line you better watch yourself? You better watch your song 1143 yeah, exactly 1143 a Wiod Wiod Like me is coming Unbelievable man's like old times It's like oh, I Said are we on the air it's like old times. Okay. I was just trying to do something there, but since it's about a ten-stage process in here screw it Hey, listen, that ought to keep him happy I'm gonna write a book about our six months with packs and about the first four chapters are gonna be about the engineering department About Roy and about George Bush and his pictures of naked pregnant women and about that guy Charlie Charlie what would it is he still around or see? Yes, but he's on vacation right now. Oh he's on vacation. Hopefully permanent and Then of course there was always max the dearly departed max. Oh God He could sure eat a free meal. I can fatso Or they were saying oh he sure loved his card didn't he? He sure loved his food always had something good on him Here's a mobile in David. Hello. Hey, Nehai doing great About two weeks ago I was in Orlando at the Orlando arena There was a big motivational program that Anthony Robbins put on and Anthony Robbins that figure yeah Right, there's some good good speakers there and in the middle of the whole thing one of the speakers was your buddy Larry King Yeah, he was photo of I don't know what he was there for to be very honest, but he kind of humored up And he did do some reminiscing about some stories and he mentioned W-I-O-D and Different things that happened while he was down in in the Miami area Yeah, you mentioned he mentioned all the money that he borrowed from people under false pretends that I were paid him back No, he didn't talk about that. Oh He don't I don't know why he didn't talk about I've been doing this a long time. Yeah. Yeah, he probably felt uneasy talking about that But it was a I mean an excellent program and it was kind of cute to see him there It was cute to see him there because it kind of bounced off of all the serious people over there Because I know a lot of the people at the he owes five grand and two grand they they'd love to have the money back I will not give it to you. They wanted back. I will not give it to you. Well, I'm sure I know one guy The dog food guy that I did business with many many years ago. He'd like to have that five grand back Well, I give it to you. Okay, well, is there anything you only stories you spoke about you know all the all the work that I give it to yours with only about Miami Yeah, he didn't talk about where he is now. Well, you know, you know how sometimes your memory Twist and turns and you know what I'm saying the past the passage of time Kind of romanticizes the way you remember things in the past. I think Larry may be slightly guilty of that Well, I will not give it to you. This is these out there that they say you remember the past me Don't remember what you did yesterday right there you go Whatever you say have a great day and thanks for the bad news We have two open lives in Broward 7679463 here's a lady mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am I just wanted to tell you you mentioned use for Jesus. I wonder if you'd ever been to a bar mitzvah for a Jew for Jesus Do they have it? I went to one lunch with the most bizarre thing I could have ever imagined to see the most solemn Jewish ceremony being played for people who are singing Pray Jesus songs and and I got to tell you I still have I still have nightmares about it by real hot-todd and I Jesus loves you I've got stuff right and You know, it's just like unbelievable. I don't know how they can call themselves Jews I don't know why they can't it's ridiculous. It's it's asinine. It's the silliest thing I've ever heard in my life It certainly is and you know, it's like Buddhist for Joseph Smith. I mean, they're just they don't you know I'm saying it's like trying to take a square pig and stick it into a round thing Right well no, at least Republicans can vote for Clinton that that's that's different But when you're talking when you're talking about a belief system you can't What what's the point you know what I'm saying? What's the point? Right it's all the same bull crap anyway Have a great day sweetheart God bless you and happy pace off Open line in date six two two we got two and Howard seven six seven let's hear about the turnip Let's hear about the hogada that's what we want to hear about Let's hear about the parents out there that are forcing their kids to go to school with Beanie's son on their heads so that everybody can hold your kids up to ridicule and sit back at a laugh I'll look at time me over there and not only that, but what kind of a Jewish name is Tommy anyway When you come right down to which it's heads in the toilet does the beanie get flushed When they dunk those kids heads in the toilet Oh, you mean to use for Jesus that how they baptize them? Here's cutler rich hello Cutler rich Going once yeah, yes, sir. How you doing, is there okay? Well if we look at it now I think I have the solution to it all to what with the Jews and the Jews maybe the rest of these maniacs will combine all the religions together It'll take so goddamn long to do one ceremony one one after deal with them anymore Uh-huh, but he must have streets yeah He mothed my TV said that would be good Right the Newton's out of was been on for a while. It's about 10 or about five of them and that one big blonde Hey lady and they're singing songs all four o'clock in the morning. I put it on in this singing songs talking about big Bless with a Megan Bob and I bet you they got that number at the bottom of the screen. Yeah. Oh, yeah Two numbers just send your money the the Lord needs your money Exactly right age you catch any of the draft this weekend They open up the envelope and it says good God. That's good. No. I did not watch the NFL drafts here and how come how come Jimmy Johnson drafted this bozo from a U.M. What's that all about? I don't know you know Jimmy he's got something up his and let me ask you this You know do you know anybody if you ever met anyone in your life named Yachteele? Not at all there you go. I rest my case listen like early in the first round There was jumping from city to city and they had fat Hank up there and why don't even remember where he was? I just thought it but yeah, and he looked like isn't there you could see a ring the teleprompter And he just looked like he was about the bus, you know he is about to bust You wouldn't even move is like if a fly would a land it on me Better watch it because when I come over there. I'm gonna have a lot of free food brought in so he better Open up a little cavity Have a great day pal. God bless you Okay, we have an open line there's a real religious young man there for you There's a man who says oh God that's good Open line in date six to two nine four six three show me your cup. That's what we're all singing show me your cup I told that to Jody Holly skated right off over to the bench We have an open line in Broward 7679463 767Wild here's a mobile or West Palm Beach, hello I knew yes, sir quick comment on the game yesterday. What game the hockey game? Yeah That game was over 30 seconds into the match When Need a Meyer skated to the blue line and all feet deck them went down in the heap the game was over right how about when Bill how about Bill Berg went down to the corner got the crap how did I him it was down there for like three minutes How about that was over already Neil? Yeah, the game was over at the end of 30 seconds to have no balls Is that it that's it? Team that went to the Stanley Cup finals so in other words between In other words between Friday and Sunday my Ranger fan between Friday and Sunday they lost their balls That's right, huh? That was one big check on Mr. Need a Meyer. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It could be a long series Whatever you say. Hi. Good luck to you another smart answer Ranger, Randy one a game all of a sudden their hot crap I think he's got part of that right anyway They didn't show me much yesterday. Didn't I mean a real team yesterday the way we played they would have been you know scored eight goals They would have blown us right out of the water Open line in date six two two nine four six three, but just like all New Yorkers And by the way the good news is in one or six. We had an obnoxious Ranger fan. Are there any other kinds not too many and I'm not just Ranger fan sitting and wait down toward the front who got his ass tossed out of there yesterday I'm right in the third period. I don't know for what but I'm not gonna ask no questions We were ecstatic we were celebrating and yes, I did leave early And you don't need to ask the next time when we get up and make the exit oh you're leaving too now. Yes, I am What a bunch of of nosy yentas man. Oh you can't be leaving early the game is over man. Get a life. Yes, I am exactly couldn't set it better myself Strap on your tool belt. We've got work to do 16 W I O D Miami Ford-Lonardy. I know that the Lord even loves Neorodges Oh my god He's got a job for you to do You have a brand new style too We love the way you want your doom With the make me on your chest and full trees can tight just More There Just bid a bucks Spens a badge D nitrate to hell When the building starts togal we killsinging with these enemies that we know If you're crushing your words once might not Our question today, our poll question can't us must macho Wonder Woman or the Virgin Mary. We have an open line in Broward 767-463-7 Shino Virgin Namar, 67Wild, who Wonder Woman? Here's a mobile and four-laterdale, hello. Yes sir. For the past five years, I've been with a Jewish woman. I've been having to sustain that over every year and let me tell you what an experience that's been that I don't have to go this year. What kind of crap is our union fed or where you can fed? Add a Bobby's house. Yeah. Let me tell you, I don't know how many times the old man had to watch his hands, but after about five or six goblets of those lines, I can understand why. What an experience man. Oh, thank God I don't have to do this here. Thanks God. Order in Neil? Yes. Bruchatad, Illinois, Illinois. I love you Neil. Okay. See ya. How do you like that? My Ruchatad, up your nose. We have an open line in date 62-2Wild. We have what in Broward 767-463-767 Wild. How's that market doing today, by the way? I notice even the a news geek is making shots of Walter's table. How do you like that? How about your what's your push-in? Could it be too happy about that? Let's say push, okay. She's you know, that kind of gutter language don't belong on the ear. Slipper and of course being bitch slapped, that's okay, but slap in somebody in the push. So who's on there? We got a ball game tonight playing chance. We have the heat to it. Now look at that. Oh, the best of Bruchatad because Bruchat is taken off because sundown is, paint sauce. She's so Jewish all of a sudden man. She is so freaking Jewish. David O'Penlond and date 6229463-6222Wild. We have on on Broward 767. I would say the biggest difference that I've discerned so far between our two ladies of the night, between Bruchatad and K. Kaiser, whatever name is, is that Bruchatad belongs on the ear and K doesn't. I think that is not a very simple way to like, huh? Bruchatad belongs in the ear. She's a broadcaster and Keren is not. Exactly. Here's homestead on a mobile. Hello. Hey, Neil, good morning. Yes, sir, what is this? Oh, we got our food already, all right. Can I ask you a few questions? That's bad thing you like. I'll make something up. Thank you. Listen, I just started on Friday. Yeah. And it's a possible loose two inches on the waist. It's not only two pounds. You're loose two inches if somebody had bad aim. The oil. Is it possible? Is what? So loose two inches on the waist. I have no idea. Is that what you did? Yeah, two inches on the waist, but only about one or two pounds. Yeah, by the end of the week, you're going to be a shadow of your former self. Or maybe just a shadow. Could you also tell me, what do you eat from breakfast? I don't. I don't need breakfast. You don't need breakfast. How about sausage? How about an omelet? I mean, there's a million things. Breakfast will seem to me would be the easiest. How about a breakfast steak? You can have eggs. You can have meat. You can have, you know, I don't know. Mostly what breakfast is. Just skip the toast. Skip the toast in the grits. In the cereal, right? Because the grits usually gives you something that rhymes with grits. Right. And skip the cereal, man. It'll kill you. It's loaded with sugar. It's loaded with drag. Last question on this. Can you tell me, when you run out of the vitamin, where do you get them? You're asking me? Do you have the book? No, I bought the tape and things in the mail and everything. Yeah. But it doesn't. It says they have to give through icons, right? Do we have that number, George? You're not. 1-800-2-ATKINS? Oh, that's it. 1-800-2-ATKINS. And that's where you order the... Well, I don't know. But they'll tell you. I'll tell you where to go. Keep it up, pal. Thank you. Okay, there's somebody who'll be sipping him through a straw by the end of the week. He lost two inches already. What is this? Oh, it's a white-hunting a bun in a bun on Pesa. I'm going to be eating a bun, my pork in a bun. Thank you so much. What do we got here? Look at that. There's a white-hunting in a bun with onions. Chipoli, chipoliini. I wish they'd like to get some chipoliini. Chipoli, that's easy. Anybody getting onion, but chipoliini, those great little Italian onions, man, oh, man, I haven't seen those in years. Only the fruity gourmet has got those. How come where did this come from? Why do I have this? Is there any special reason why I got it? Adam gave that to you. He didn't know if you had a white-hot on your little platter that merrily. I have a little white-hot. Yes, I do. We have an open line on the purple line, pounded purple, baby pound IOD. On one of our last days for the Paxton people, the Lesta Chek Show is a very soon. What's the story with that? Have you, I think, now? No. Okay. Yeah, start fugging them. Okay, I mean, I don't want to start playing Booch Boss, but if the Chek Don't You Up on Monday, you know what I'm saying? Tuesday could be all of a sudden I could get religion with Brooke. That's right. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. How you doing, Brooke? Hey, I'm sorry, I'm on my endamp because I forgot to tell you about something. That was very good, by the way. It was excellent. Thank you. I was forced to see something good, Dan. I wonder if you've heard of this. My wife made me go to the bathroom. Was it longer than two inches? Yeah. She maybe goes this play called Two Jewish. Yeah. Have you heard of this? No, I have not. But I do know many people who are two Jewish. Every time I go to the Emerald Coast, like yesterday up there in Oakland Park, whatever it is, I think, how come you people have to be so Jewish? Can't you be a little less Jewish? Oh, please. I went, it's out in Coral Springs. It's the stage you're seeing earlier than that. No. Okay. And, okay. The whole play is an entire inside joke. You have to be Jewish to tell what the hell a guy's talking about. Yeah. Well, that's what BIM Jewish is all about anyways. It's an inside joke. I was the youngest person in this place by 65 years. Uh-huh. And it was like, and they were laughing like every five seconds. Like, I'm a boy. I'm in the hot room. Yeah. Well, when you eat all I do, you know, it starts a lot of that starts coming back at you. And the whole thing, I mean, and he told these jokes and at the end he does a punch to show you a man. What's the people for talk to Mr. Poeh? Yeah, see? Everybody laughed and I'm like, okay, where was the joke? Didn't you see the sign in front that says, no goiim allowed. Didn't you see that? I didn't know. Oh, my God. It was going to be one of these, I mean, does every play in Broadway and off Broadway have to be about a Jewish perspective? Yes. Can we have some goiim perspective? Only lies in Manelli. Oh, that's, no, she, she, she, she, she goiim? It sounds pretty Italian to me. That's because I don't think lies in Manelli a Judy Garland with a Jewish. How much would he goiim? Judy Garland was Jewish? How much would he like to bet on that? Judy Garland was in Jewish? And Bugs. Can you imagine? Can you imagine? That's what he was doing. Judy Garland was not Jewish. Garland is a made-up name. Yeah. So what was your name? Finklestein. Can you find out? Rosenbaum, okay, somebody calling and tell us if Judy Garland was a Jewish, well, he'll be a user. Next you're going to be telling Arthur Godford was Jewish too. Yes, he will. Yeah, have a great day. Arthur Godford, one of the world's biggest anti-semites, and they named a street after him on the beach. You know what that would be like? That would be like changing the name of Walton Road to Auschwitz Boulevard. I mean, what kind? Hermansher, what was his first name? Adolf Schickle, Groober. No, seriously, why, what kind of a thing is that? To name a street and Miami Beach with all the Jews over there, name it after one of the most notorious anti-semites in history, Arthur Godford who never met a Jew he liked. A holly-lockey was Jewish, I forgot. 1213 at WIOD. Look at what's going on with those phones now. There's sizzling now, man. They're smoking it. The good stuff finally just came in. That's why Mondays are a little slow. The shipment don't come in. Oh, about noon. 610 WIOD. When some told me I'll try the food. I saw a fucking down. And says he has a lot of communication. Oh, I tell him right away. Now listen, he's a good thinking. I heard a lot, sure. This summer, why didn't they, sure? All the base, give a dollar for so many rules. You're not just a trash much, but a trash much, You're trying to tell him you're a trash much, Not a trash much, not a trash much. Be sure you're a trash much, not a trash much. Be sure you're a trash much, not a trash much. Be sure you're a trash much, not a trash much. Be sure you're a trash much. Be sure you're a trash much. I knew Fog Yamaki and Broiter did go. It sure is, though. I wear it everywhere. I go round to other Hazy, Hazy, Then I'll go one to say. So be sure you're a trash much, not a trash much. I just run away. It's just made by life. Be sure you're a trash much. I just run away. It's just made by life. Be sure you're a trash much, not a trash much. Be sure you're a trash much, not a trash much. I'm proud of you. My pride's all be jacked up on the Sabbath service. I'll be ready to pray. I'll be standing out my door presents. The author is a choir now. I'll be singing away. Glory to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true to you, Shosh! I just got a touch, me, true, Shosh! So, it's speaking of a pay-safte, is a big thing in lifestyle, in the sons, it's an only another pantering section. One coat, many colours, it says Jews live in worship in various ways, but under all their differences, they remain a nation of people, you should live so long. So, anyway, it's got a picture of Jewish scholars up here, look at this older than old and then mooshy public on a bed, would young me under the age of 110 but not too much. Striped prayer shawls are typical of the orthodox tradition. Look at that. Look at those altabubbitch cues. They're look at that. And it goes on. It says there's 650,000 Jews in South Florida, which means if there's 4 million people down here, there's like almost 3.5 million goiim here. Can you believe any wonder why we got so many problems? We have an open line in day 6 to 29463622WIOD. Here is the lake worth. Hello. What is it? I do have a boss, but. Do you? I saw your buddy Larry King last Saturday. Yeah. That's the Whittaker Delahoy at fight in Las Vegas. Uh-huh. With this 22nd life. Yeah. Nice young babe. Uh-huh. What did you ask him to give you the money back? Now, he was there walking around strutting this stuff. Yeah. Bring tickets of course. Uh-huh. I will give it to you. That's right. I ran into a lady that remembers you from talk radio. And we were sitting there having dinner and she says there was a guy from Florida who used a bad mouth up here at the Imperial Palace. Yeah. And she remembers your trip with Bob Lincoln. Uh-huh. And Connie Ross. She was a director. I have no idea who that is. Oh, you don't know. She said she called you once and he turned out to be a real nice guy. Uh-huh. After she got bad reports that you bad mouth. No. What you got? What you got were troublemakers trying to ruin that trip. We had other travel agents trying to screw up that trip. Oh, yeah. And we had colors. You know, the guy that owns the Imperial Palace as you may know has a collection of all these old antique cars and the Hitler member of BDN stuff. And she does a show out there every Saturday night. Right. And so people were calling about that. So right away we had a spy reports going out there that I'm ripping them and that there are whatever. Yeah. But they were very nice to us. Oh, yeah. She said that's that. That she finally talked to you one day. She said everything was fine. But she remembered a guy. She couldn't remember his name. And I said, how about Bob Lincoln? Yeah. She said, oh, what a C. C was. Really? Yeah. You hear that Bob? Yep, Bob. You got it. Okay. We're out across the country, on you. No, C. C. C. Not peace. Oh, a piece of thief. Okay. Well, thanks for the good news. Okay. We have two open lines in date. 622. Oh, thank you so much. Bonnie and God bless you so much. 622 Wio. D. We have an open line in the other time. I have all your like it's straight by the way. But it's before she doesn't care. That's I'll say that much for her. She doesn't care about truth. She said if it was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for me. Yeah. I hear he ate pork. We have two open lines in date. 622 9463622 Wio. D. That's what I hear. Of course you never trust the guys I hear that from. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, how are you? Great. Just got my paycheck, pal. I was already wouldn't be on the air. Love tomorrow. Yeah, I'll be here. All right. Even though it's even though it's paysawch man and some other people are taking off for the holiday because at holiday time, everybody gets real Jewish. You know what I'm saying? I don't want to mention no names. But some people get real Jewish. But anyway, have you seen Brook Daniels and Randy Rhodes in the same room? Same person. Sorry, Brook. I'm sorry. No, Brook is, uh, and what do I say about that? You know, it is, it is astonishing, isn't it that we could find two people in such a short period of time who sound and are so much alike? Never met either of them, but they do sound alike. I mean, shock. Although I will say this Randy can't duplicate that last. You're out Randy. Hey, I appreciate you being honest about the problem with Miami. It is the fans. It's the fans and every sport. It doesn't matter. Well, from somewhere else. I mean, look, look, look at my Toronto Maple leaves. And by the way, Cliff Fletcher was there at the game again yesterday. I would like to have shot him a fight or rifle. But at any rate, I mean, uh, they still sell out all the games. Well, that's because hockey is a religion. It's a way of life. They understand that they love it. They support their team here. It's like, what are you done for me in the last 24 hours? And if you haven't done a phenomenal performance at God for a bit, if you lost and God for a bit, if you're lost and you stuck that joint out, we don't got nothing to say about you. Like screw you guys. What kind of attitude is that? What's the more dramatic word for pickle? I'll work on it. Pickles pretty good. Hey, play me a burps so I can get my son to do one. Okay. Okay. We have an open line in date. Six to two nine four six three. We have two and a Howard seven six seven nine four six three. Thanks to Murray and Wayne Arnold and all those go. I'm going to have the foods here. Fair riches here. Oh, thank you so much. He's bringing me some uh, goia drops. See your horses had a rough week. Here they are. Still, they just want them just crossed that one little moment just crossed the line. No, that's all right. They'll be all right. He's stiff. Okay. We have an open line in date six two two nine four six three two and Howard seven six seven. Wiod and one on the other town line. On pace off, we got tray food here at Fattrich shows up. How do you like that? Here's a mobile and Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, Nick. How are you doing? When is DS2 sir? Are you celebrating the Jewish pass over? Well, my question is going to tie both the hockey and pass over together. Great. We need a prayer man. I'll tell you that after yesterday, we need several Francis come on the air. So people stuff. Oh, that's right. Judy Garland was not Jewish. Her real name was Francis Gum. She was as goia shit as the day is long. And why some anele if somebody can't tell that's a pretty Italian name they need help. Anyway. Yes. Okay. Met the hockey game yesterday and Thursday. Thursday game was excellent. By the way, but anyways, yesterday's game. If there's a hat trick and somebody's wearing a Yamaka do they take off the Yamaka and throw it on the ice? We rip it off their head and we throw it on the ice. Excellent. That's right. One of the no proper etiquette. Thank you sir. And then we take the goia shirt, play as a one circumcised end of locker room and that we give my quick bris. Hey, can I call Rich Clark and Don Klein a couple of dudes back there? Do you want to brisk business? Have a great day, pal. Okay. Two open lines a day to wonder if Jodie Hollow circumcised out will find out. 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 and day. Open line and Broward 7 6 7 WOD. By the way, next time we talk to Kevin Wallace find out a bread cream or circumcised 12 26 the Wiod on a really great Monday. You might be asking you of course Monash done in Highlight La House or you might be asking what they're also great about it because I got my paycheck in my hand right now. That's why because I got my check on in my hand I'm squeezing it as we speak and now life is almost worth living and I might think about coming back to tomorrow. Unless of course these forbids in the goia and say oh by the way, here's another check and don't bother coming back in which I'd say oh thank you so much. I could use a few months off. 12 26 is how is Harry penis doing understand he's in the building right now trying to get the lay of the land trying to figure out what's going on here is he in their drinking diet soda by the way? Did you walk by the program directed was he in their drinking diet soda out of a bottle? Oh I hope not because I'm talking to this man welcome at suicide by caffeine overload diet soda out straight out of the bottle by the gallon by the multiliter I mean just they should put it in a gigantic trough and just give him a big straw. Of course to show you what the radio business and how George's drinking diet Pepsi out of like a small one out of a one liter bottle with a botillian de Pepsi 12 27 a Wild if you're 16 Wild visual hearty station of the American family Federation. How do I laugh for that side like Marley 3.0 oh he hit it oh he hit it oh he hit it oh he hit it I don't mean that was a three I mean that was from the moon from the moon from his restaurant about three blocks from here. Okay just calm down so I just met David Halberstein for the first time in my life. He's about what we say about two foot six. He's about 80 pounds soaking wet nice guy small guy a little guy. He could be a jockey goodnight. I'd say he was about good about 95 anybody need a writer at Hylia. David Halberstein a great guy and he brings me in a bill a you a tape which I already have but thanks anyway for the effort. There's a good guy man of course he's Jewish what does that tell you and he brings us some shemora mottza made by hand in Brooklyn on Albany Avenue near Empire Boulevard so you know and it's by the bead the brousky and white tenon bomb and on the bottom of the box it says oh hey look at that have you ever had mottza no you haven't no oh here's your lucky day. In fact maybe we get David back because he had a sharp instrument as pocket a briss and your first pizza mottza on the same day. All right. Well this is you know what this is like it's like you're not really sure if you open the box or not it's like eating the cardboard just like I said there's no difference it's in a cardboard box and when you finish you can eat the cardboard because you know as Jews we like to you know we don't want to waste anything finish your plate scrape it off your plate now that looks like it would be good with like some guacamole no it would be good with some butter and the salt or even better with some cream cheese and strawberry preserves which would be okay for pace I'll I don't know it's one somebody somebody else you out there will have to call in and really tell us what you can and can't I'm pass over now white hats are definitely okay and the newly burgers would cheese and bacon are definitely okay up until six o'clock or seven what's sundown tonight about seven 15 7 30 something like that up until official sundown tonight it's okay otherwise you're gonna go to purgatory forever here's North Miami hello yes yeah and back to you you're with your obsession with Brussels last week yeah yeah I'm gonna have to say a Brussels again yeah okay okay give that one to Karen she making sure out of it tonight okay we have all the deadlines open six two two nine four six three six two two W I O D M on this is this is chamora m on say not to be confused with the regular cheap stuff that you buy in the store for like 13 bucks for a five pound box because they like ripping off the Jews and that's what it's all about since the beginning of time looking at Bible what does it say in Genesis all the goi i'm are gonna rip off the Jews it is written it's written right there in Genesis baby went and doubt rip it out here's Miami hello okay nice talking to you when you call them and they call for Miami in there out of town line you know you know what you're in for here's Hollywood hello Hollywood hello yes hey Neil am I I yes sir it sounds exactly like you were your twin brother yes all right man this is Roger we're the same age and everything I just finished the book last week Charles Templeton yes and tonight tell you was great man Neil you put you put a whole new the drill into me all my life yeah and after eating this man I'm I am free baby all right I am free here I you're the man God bless you man God bless you my child thank you okay and happy pace off okay go put on a yarmacca before it's too late and you want a burning and purgatory wherever you're supposed to burn that's what Linda Blair said it burns we have an open line in fact I'd like to be at burns right now having a nice stick why do you eat so much food we had that one going call this morning because I feel like it okay because it's a free country so far and if I feel like eating a lot of food it's my business okay plus I can afford to buy it but I rather get it for free rather get it for free like a deemworld coast yesterday thank you very much by the way oh yeah I'm a big celebrity over there now he's eaten for free Chinese no that's right in the middle of all you old Jews who are paying up there I'm eating for free okay hey your kissies out here's a mobile in Miami hello hello Neil yes sir I'm a rap I had a couple questions what you could eat on Facebook you're a rebel I'm a rap I and you know what you're not an orthodox to worry yeah yeah yeah yeah and I'm from Toronto and then I'm a native leaf man all right well let's say a braho for the leaves they need more than one braho in fact when Cliff lecture when I saw them in the stands yesterday I brought a couple of times all over my shoes anyway the cream cheese is fine and they just have an extra on it you two never one I have a kosher with tastebox spam oh in other words it has to be from the circle you ranch from the what the circle you ranch it's been a whole little okay you're oh you yeah how about oh why oh what happy all the branches to the panthers and if they get a half out of so what can you what can you listen to me my my crazy Jewish friend will you listen to me so what can you eat tonight what can you eat tonight besides mozzarella I mean after the first 15 pounds it gets a little bit old you can have meat you can have your roast beef there yeah that's part of the acting that my white hot from Rochester yeah with pork yeah and have some maro or some some good old pork how about borscht pork is a okay oh fair okay okay okay okay have a seasoned pasa and go panther go leave God bless you go leave go get out of here okay there's a man from the Stone Age we have two open lines in date 6229463622Wild Harry Valentine by the way is eating tray today just watching know that what did he take out of there like punily burgers that of all I Harry will indoctrinate you as to what it's really is all about on a show I don't care what that silly bitch says at night the one that desperately needs some material the one that couldn't do a show if you all the gun to her head but let's let's give it a shot all right like I said let's give it a shot here's a Davy hello hello Neil yes when you go to the new station will you be giving away one demog yes we well as matter fact that we got a special on that with thanks push on him good to hear huh listen a spy report on the fickle fans of hockey Thursday night went down to the arena without a ticket a ten dollars to get in ten bucks and there was lots to be had out there so there is fickle is ever that's pathetic I agree ten bucks ten bucks of scalpers were crying minimum should have been 200 exactly minimum the scalpers said it's too early in the series they're not excited yet yeah well if they weren't excited before it started after yesterday they should be in a deep coma I agree Neil I happy pisa and back to you thank you okay see you in line for the White Hots two open lines in day it's 629 4636222 Wild and we have an open line in Broward 767463 767 Wild rich just happened to be in the neighborhood when the food came in and is now throwing out it looks like a scene from fattso 14 boxes of Chinese food okay here's pepper pines on a mobile hello Hello Neil yes I'm a young Jewish man living in South Florida all right I want to say happy paits off You don't wear it you don't wear a bini do you? No not all the time what do you mean all the time? Only like a temple okay, but I mean not out on the street. Oh hell no not in in school just in school Right right that would be a great poster campaign not in school just in school I agree I like it What about these pants or fans man? Yeah, I don't understand. I'm not here for many of them. I don't know that there are any left We like you Panthers to yesterday I mean after that game it's all in vain I have a shameless request. Yeah, I want here. I'm an asshole by a Timothy Larry my Timothy Larry Okay, okay Timothy Larry there was a real asshole for you do all that drugs We have two open lines in date six to two nine four six three six two two Wildy do all that many drugs You can't even find an asshole much less no one we have an open line on a mobile on purple line Pontino knows out of town lines today man. I wouldn't wish him on here. I'm gearing one triple eight four seven four Wild on a of course that's in Palm Beach there. Because you're getting ready for a pat pace off the night in Palm Beach Aren't they there's like three Jews up there? That's out of the age of a hundred plus there's about five thousand over the age of a hundred all jammed in there in cemetery village Boy what a place that is Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach, hello Any deal yes, sir. Do I want to know what you can eat on paths over other than mocha? Yeah, yeah I haven't worked from the bisco so Triskets and wheat bins are all kosher Great So that's uh, you know, it's a little bit of savior better than eating that cardboard I'll stick with my white hotz in my needy burgers All right, you'll have to pay so okay and back to you Thank since I already know I'm gonna burn like hell for a long time Because my mother so socks and hell would lend a blur as Rolanda Blair said let's all go see the Exorcist if they could bring the godfather back which is great I said they should definitely force everybody to go see the effort assist especially if they're missing scenes What do you mean? I just think that that would be great if they're worth if they were missing scenes Yeah What does it what does that mean all these movies that they're re-releasing have all these like extra footage or added footage? Oh, I see what you're saying I see what I'm saying I don't think that needs too much sugar mother. I don't think it needs too much grossing okay unless you like green pea soup Who maybe 3D that would be good that would have been great. I remember the first 3D movie I saw was the house of wax and then there was a movie called the The maze For something like that would have this big jack guy kept turning into a frog And jumping throughout of the screen. That was great Here's Cooper City hello Hi Neil. Yes, ma'am happy to have a happy base off. Where you great? I had a question. I hate to go this direction, but can I talk to the dog he talked to a second My think was it a year ago you were saying how you're you had a river-treever and he had your infection Uh-huh, and he switched his dog food and they went away. Yeah, what dog who did you put him on? Kibbles and bits. Oh, just store about kibbles and bits. Yeah, no more years back. Kibbles and bits Lean because he was fat lost a lot of weight my dog was it like a diet dog? In fact, kibbles and bits gives you the part something that rhymes with what is it? No, it's it's just whatever agrees with your particular dog My dog has a lot of allergies Well, at least a few anyway, and if you give him a kind of a certain kinds of food almost any kind of food He starts having ear infections and giving you a dirty look and this particular food happens to agree with him and so my dog He docked this said stick with it and so he's he's never had any more infection since then He has never had well. I mean, they're not perfect. You have to keep working on it But very rarely is yours are pretty good Okay, okay, because mine poor dog with this black stuff in the ears and Black I'm oh it's horrible. It's black. Well, let's not go there My fat rid says it's mice it might be it might be mice it might Okay, I guess I'm making a trip to the vet. Well, yeah, why don't you go to the vet? Don't be so cheap Just because your joy doesn't mean you have to be cheap to prove it. Oh, no, definitely not cheap when it comes to him Most of us Jews are really big spenders. Yeah, we've done we live in sunrise or tamaract I had the misfortune of getting stuck out way on you know I'm gonna start doing I'm gonna start when I go to the Emerald coast on Sunday. I'm gonna sit there outside on the bench with a big sign Even if they you know want to see me in there right away I'm gonna sit out there for half an hour and when all the old Jews come by them the signs gonna say I'm near Rajas and I'm eating here for free today. Oh Just to piss off those old old cheap Jews you will have a denture riot. I think Uh-huh. They'll be throwing them right at that's right. Okay. Well again happy pace off go pants There's I'm still a pants or fan they can they can lose you're the one, huh? I am the one you and I We're hanging in there. Oh, we got to do is split in New York. We'll be all right We're gonna be fine and if we're not fine we'll be fine again someday. I haven't been It's not the end of the world. They're so ours. They're always gonna be fine And if we're not fine we'll be goldstein and we're stuck with them. Okay, have a great day sweetheart. Take a bite. Bye. I'll read it hurt you Folks, I'd like to see a song about the American history about me About the way our American hearts be laid down in a bottom of our chest About that special feeling we get in the cockles for hours Maybe in the subcontest Maybe in the liver Maybe in the kidneys Maybe even in the cold We don't But I'm just too rate you a joke with the regular job I'll be a rav or inch white Superb and I just love I like football and corner What's about? I got an average house Where the nice art would floor my wife and my job my kids and my car Don't mind saving and a cute But sometimes and just It ended up to keep a man like me just to go on Know it I know I've got to go out and have fun It's someone else's expense Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I try really slow In the hopes for fast play Well people behind me I'm going to say I'm gonna do you You I'm gonna do you You I'm gonna do you You I'm a seat I walk around in the summer times I say I'm about this Me I'm gonna do you I'm gonna do you You You Sometimes I'm in the And the gap is spaces Well and the gap people They can be kept a place And I'm gonna Do you You You You You Maybe I should be singing this song Ranting and raving and carrying on Maybe they're right But they tell me I'm wrong Now I'm gonna Do you You You Come on Come on I know You know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna get myself When I 1667 Can't let go to a rather comfortable I think With a whale's in a hop-up cast And all other cow in the carrier And think round baby Sealized breath and lines gas And I'm gonna climb around in that setting And at 150 miles per hour Just getting one mile per gallon Second hour quarter five or two Spurs my downhill The old fashioned line by the Greatable Styrofoam containers And when I'm done second down those Re-spall burgers I'm gonna wipe my mouth with the American flag And then I'm gonna toss the Styrofoam containers Right off the side And right in the catch And sing anybody can do it by the You know why? Because we got the bomb That's why Jewel words New clear In the western sub Okay Russia Germany's Romania They can have all the democracy they want Thinking of a big democracy Take walk right through the middle of the Invent Square And it won't make no Lincoln difference Because we got the bomb So guys John Wayne's not dead He's frozen And as soon as we find a cure for cancer We're gonna fire out the zoo And he's gonna be pretty pissed off You know why? Have to over take in a cold shower Come on the fly that by 15 million times That's our pissed off The zoo's gonna be I'm gonna get a zoo If John gets a baby And the farm in the hands and tech and boys And a crazy lady And drive down a big seat You know who really are not full And you just shut up and sing this song Come on that girl Yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah Come on that girl Yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh Hey, let's pass Thanks O, tell me Everybody Pass, pass, pass Friends home I'll be Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me 1252 W-I-O-D Here's North Miami Beach, yellow Hi, New York Yes, sir I'm Jewish I live in a pretty orthodox area And I gotta tell you something I just don't get it On Saturday mornings I work on cars so I'm sitting out in front of my house There's a fam, two families around my block One of them has I think uh 10 boys And the other one's got about seven or eight boys Oh Yeah, you've got to see this when they walk the temple on Saturday morning It looks like the hat squad With the hats and the suits and the pay is coming out Hey Five That's the parade of the Stone Age Jews Five to six times a day Yeah And four They're slip-ack And they're slip-in Back and forth And I bet you the middle of July What is 120 They're wearing the 60s and the uh all are good stuff You have no idea My point is orthodox He's supposed to be a rabbi Yeah I've never heard anybody curse so much in my entire life Oh Then When the holidays come around It's a baby butt-packs and yeah It's like unbelievable He becomes like this high-holy rabbi and it becomes from It's just It's uh I mean if you could actually see when these kids come walk and down the street It's terrible It really is This is the 20th century wake up They all have little beanies So did they have But you have no I 24 hours a day Yeah The beanies on the heads And Let me ask you how do you take a shower when you have a beany So many of your heads You're allowed to take it off for that in the hair cut Uh huh But my fault By the way He said the magic word the doctors came down this way We got to have that lady coming from my haircut I need a haircut so bad I look like Fat rich out of bad day I need a haircut Like one badly You got her name George? Thank god On the pants Of course Um Marty Stroke has got to be the most hard-loved player Yeah, I've never seen a guy that gives his heart in salt That's right Skates his ass Or And the coach won't play him he won't play him on a power play he won't play him out there He loves Kirk Muller the coach has got to have a obsession I heard a rumor that the first time Kirk Muller's shard with a team after the game That Doug McLean fell in love with him He's obsessed with Kirk Muller And Lindsay if half these guys would take after them this team would have no problem Uh another thing In fact I said I said the Doug after the game yesterday said what that was wrong with Marty Stroke Why didn't he get more ice time? He said he should only be hung He said Um I went to call you during this He doesn't like her Well, when everybody was calling up Yeah, how's he doing by the way? How's Chris doing? He got to skate and practice yesterday did you see that? I got to tell you before the game they had Jeff Smith and Chris Wells out there For a little skate and then of course how else help he scratch I could name 10 mighty ducks that play better than him And I'm not talking about the one and Anna I'm talking about the ones from the mullings and the pond The ones in the mullings Yeah, the ones from the pond over there in Jackarand I can give you 10 that can skate better than he can I tell you He's a stiff unbelievable All right, you have a can only alligator arms by the way You'll be depressed and all that alligator arms is still singing the praises of Chris Wells God almighty hold short arms rimmer I can't I tell you I try to listen to the broadcast but pop and you know that pop pop That's him and a nutshell Yeah, I remember watching and play because I'm an old dial on the fan When was him and Gillies and Bashi and Bobby nice German all-am But this guy has got to stop talking already. He just he's got to explain if you ask him what time it is He'll tell you how to make a watch. Yeah, it's unbelievable you take care of me. Okay, okay. Have a great life Chris Wells the eyes and ever since they traded to a bit late real promies the reason they gave What's do say the team? And we know that Chris may be a pretty nice guy Buddy fumbles any stumbles and trips on the blue eyes This is the best that Ryan Murray can find The teams in the coma and they'll never say why If I think it's easy if you die all the time Those Jeff Miller kiss Chris Wells the eye as Alina arms to you 1257 a W I O D why do people crave the taste of foil Trappercol a question that you've probably been pondering all day since you took your head off the pillow Right could it be the fresh chicken marinade in the secret caution adult the link ones at work 610 W I O D Miami Ford Lonerdale. It's not just the one to two hour It's a phenomenon Baby Wait And I don't care if you're ready to love it. Just as long as you can stroke me, though. I'm all there's to say about baby. And you'll do anything I want you to. I'm your consultant, woman. Spank your legs when I desire you. I'm gonna boon ya. In only a little bit of a sloth. I'm talking to real job. That's why I'm like insulting, because I'm just an ass. Hold me. Oh, one, oh, five at WIOD are topic today. Do white people go to Laundromats. Okay. We have two open lines in day, six, two, two, nine, four, six, three. How about Hispanics? They're big on Laundromats, right? What kind of Hispanic? Low class, the low rent district? Yes, they go. Yeah. How about trailer park trash white people? I bet you they be going to Laundromat a lot? One ten one. Uh-huh. How about the brothers and the mothers and the sisters? Okay. We have all the broad lines open, 7, 6, 7, 9, four, 6, 3. You're not supposed to be talking on here by the way. Okay, cut it out. We don't want to get hairy pissed off. He'll come back and you're looking for more food and it's all gone. Retreated all. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got suggested last time. I tried to do it. Or your chronic man, your chronic. I'm not sure. Of course you are. Anyway, chronic. If you play a little bit, he might show up again. Yeah. Feels probably in the middle of a deposition right now. Do you know what I'm saying? Please play complete. Please, please, please, please. Yeah. He'll probably be here tomorrow. Okay. Okay. We have an open line like I said. He may not show up. 6, 2, 9, 4, 6, 3, 2, a braward. 7, 6, 7, 9, 4, 6, 3, 7, 6, 7, 6, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, W, I, O, D. Here's Oakland Park on a mobile. Hello. Oakland Park on a mobile. Hello. Neil. So, my name is Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I guarantee they won't be scalping tickets for 10 bucks at the garden. Yeah. Not at the garden. New York is no way. Yeah. The fans up there. It's just $2. You're welcome. In New York. Yeah. Yeah. They did it. Look at how fast he works. Okay. The hand of the Lord came down. This virulent anti-Semite basted. We just head on here and killed his mobile phone. How do you like that? He's been smitten, baby. He's been smitten by the Lord. We have an open line in date in the out of town line. One triple eight. Whatever that is. 4749, 463. We have all a braward. 7, 6, 7, W, I, O, D, 7, 6, 7. Here's Coral Gable. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. What brand of white hot you get? Are those those? Yes, they are. They're either swigles or they're russers. They're not sure. How do you get them? From Wayne Arnold. Oh, okay. Yeah. I got a care package about every six weeks. Yeah. You don't have to get a care package. Just go down 125th and Northwest 7th Avenue. Oh, they actually don't. Take a bodyguard with you. And it's great. I didn't realize they sold them anywhere down here. Yes, they do. Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle. Do not put anyone confused them with braward. You'll love the food. You'll hate the neighborhood, but you'll love the food. Ah, brawers. Forget that. That's for Goham. Not even the same thing. Forget that. Anyway, about the hockey rule in the crease. Why don't they just decrease the crease back to the original football? Well, there's a lot to talk about. That's something will happen after the season the sad part of it is they should it done it before the playoffs started. Yeah, that's for Dick. Because we're already getting goals disallowed. It's a disgrace. It's a force. Yes. All right. Well, I'm not a material. Happy face off. Okay. See you. Hey, it's 622WildD, all three and brawards 7679463. 767, Neil's Eaton for free again. Here's Portland, Oregon. Hello. What are you doing out there? I'm away from there. That's for sure. Excellent. Congratulations, too. You know, I wanted to ask you. When it's because South Florida really seems like the kind of place that could have been really spectacular. Yeah, could have been. And I was wondering if you know anything about how, you know, like the beaches got close off and how all these things that happened. Because I'm going to be coming home and we're going to have a Matsu war in here. George's duo count is in there now with a Bine Bine on his head and George is eating Matsu. Mine's bigger than yours is my Shamura Matsu is extra more a Matsu made by hand. Probably by a boy. Anyway, go ahead, sir. I'm sorry. Yeah, just it just seems like, you know, it's a beautiful place. But it just it just it just it got ruined. Yeah. And when you understand they haven't figured out how to ruin the weather yet, but once they do, everybody will be gone. When you go to Italy and then you come back home, yes. How much of a shock is that to you? Do you mean do I want to blow my brains out? Yeah. How would it be prepared? Yeah. Is it tremendous? Yes. Depressing suicide and dozing. Yeah. What's one more thing. Let's see. Oh, do you have any more websites? Because I checked out your website. The only one WID and you're not even really on it. Yeah. There's nothing. Is there anything else? That's it. That's all we got. And, um, take it. Can you leave me and hold them play a little Casey? A little one? Casey. Casey. Yeah. Just a little clip. Casey and a sunshine band? Yeah. Casey. Sure. Have a great life pal. We have an open line in day at 62 2 WID. Browards open 7679 463 is an all 89 lines in Broward 767 WID. Why would anybody in their right mind eat this trek? Okay. You're eating it. What do you eat in it for? What is it taste like? Carver. Yeah. What do I tell you? But I'll guarantee that if you had some cream cheese and strawberry preserves on air, to jazz it up a little bit, you'd say, oh, that's good. Or even some butter and salt. What is it? Sclerosis? Clerosis? Yeah. That's what you're going to get. That's what you get after eat cardboard. Why do you think there's only a few million Jews left in the world? Hitler had a start on it, but believe me, it's this monster that's really doing it. Broward County, we're waiting here on your man. We're waiting until health freezes over, which is where you're going to go unless you get with it. 7679 463 767 WID. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Oh, yeah. Good show. Yes sir. Good audience, but a great show. Hello. Dead or the yes sir? Judy Collins, last name was gum. Yeah, I know. G-U-M-M. She was famous for that. Okay. Uh-huh. I know that. We just got headed on the ear like an hour ago. Francis gum gum gum. Like juicy fruit. Okay. Oh my god. How can we put in people over the age of 100 on the ear? We have two open lines in day because they're the only ones calling 6229 463, 2 and 767 WID. Here's Hollywood on a mobile. Hello. Yes sir. Hi I'm Mike. Actually, I'm in Hebrew. Today. Not Hollywood. Hey. You know, you got me informed pretty well with hockey. Okay. I knew a little bit. You filled me with everything I did and no. But what's your success? Sir. What are you talking about? What the hell language are you speaking? What are you saying? Sir. Like I said. Okay. Two open lines in day 6222 and Broward 767, the mobile on purple line pound IOD in Rikai 45 men 7 Rikai from 115 to 2 today in Oxtra charge. Make no mistake about that. Here's North Miami Beach. No N Rikai. No. Well, that's what you're going to get man. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. I've been beaten and whipping them and pounding them and yank in a man. And these people are dead as a door nail. They're all great today. Okay. The team didn't even show up yesterday. It's not even worth getting upset about it. It's one thing if you lose a heartbreaker. Like if you were a Dallas fan last night. Okay. And you had a three-thed lead. You had one other goal this allowed earlier in the game. You thought you had the game wrapped up. And you gave up three goals in a minute and a half and he losing over time. That's reason to be upset. But you didn't even show up for the game when you never had a chance for the start. Why even worry about it? They didn't show up. They stuck. They look good until Gratsky scored that goal. They never look good. They stuck the joint out. Well, I couldn't decide who sucked more. Javanowski or Koharsky yesterday. Yeah. That interference call. That listen. I can give you 80 bad calls. But the fact of it is if you don't show up, you don't deserve to win anyway. That's true. Panther fans love pitching about the referees. Okay. The referees all suck. At least they're consistent. They're all bad. Yeah. That's true. But as far as Javanowski's concerned. He belongs to Pika somewhere. He belongs in a minor league set up back to the Windsor Spitfires. Get him out of here. Bring back Joe Serrilla. And anything. Bring back Brian Benning. I'm at a material. Okay, pal. I'm with you. Date lines open now. It's like back in fourth. It's fricking. Frack. Six to two nine. Four six three six to two. How about those marlins? Oh, sorry. How about that draft, huh? And let me say it again. If there's anybody in this audience who has ever met anybody in his or her life. Name Jatil. I want you to call right now. Okay. Rimes, which Lemiel. I want somebody to call in who knows somebody besides this guy from U.M. From the Huracoons. Name Jatil. Okay. I'm at a T.I.L. I know why a T-T-L. I know him. Maybe that's like kind of an acronym, huh? Yatil as in why a T-T-L. God Almighty. Six times W-I-O-T. The distinction that reaches the beaches that can be heard in the office. Hey, we know our limits. Okay. Sit back and enjoy your boxes. Put your feet up on the desk. Why'd I put this stovier just relax, okay? All in Rikai, all day. For the cross of the day, sembra restarted quim. In questano, te te shendai. For the day's solan. berries. Guys, we're gonna play. Oh, clockless Rothschlene plays. Damn your familial is working. Well... The audience went through that. The あ negó a host. It wasn't me. That was quite full of garbage. But... Yes, ma'am. Oh my god. Happy Passover. And back to you, happy Mata Eden sweetheart. And then Sunday is Greek Easter. Yeah. Yeah, you took my money off and really have a meal. I'm not into Greek, sorry. Oh, come on. No. Oh, it's wonderful. Help pass though. That pants up. Elvista. What? I said yes. Oh, it did have a wonderful year. OK. You did a new station. Thanks. Love you. Bye-bye. OK. Sunday. I thought it was a real call. No, no. OK. All in Riki, until the fall, until we get somebody on air. We've reached an all-time low, baby. We've hit rock bottom. Yeah. Oh, no, it's brilliant. It's really just a... Reach over and grab a particle. Come on. No extra charge. Yeah. Yeah. Don't let me rest. Don't let me rest. Don't let me rest. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's just so brilliant. 767 WOD and Broward, how do I OD and a mobile on Purple Line? No, we've gone on your daily life. I'm not a lead. One Triple 8, 474. Yeah. 9463. I'm not a lead. I'm not a lead. I'm not a lead. I'm not a lead. I'm not a lead. I'm not a lead. I'm not a lead. I'm not a lead. I'm not a lead. I'm not a lead. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Neil and set a plan in Riki. Why don't you play all the little, uh, pantygral from yesterday? I did. All right. They are right there. Okay. There they go. They're the Panther highlights. Another asshole from New York. Dave County, 622 WOD. All three lines in day and wide open open line in Broward, 7679, 463. It's in Riki or you. You can't have both one of the other. It's up to you. I prefer to make it much longer. I prefer to make it much longer. I prefer to make it much longer. I prefer to make it much longer. Here's key largo on a mobile. Hello. Key largo. I know how you do it. Okay, sir. Hey, listen. I'm the news yesterday. Talk about removing the red line for next season. Removing the red line. On the ice, in hockey, to open up the ice for the day or not. No, they are absolutely positively not. What are those big mouths on ESPN? Let me say, again, there is no chance. There is less than no chance they're removing the red line. The center line would go. It's not going to happen. So, what do you think about the, let me you crying about, you know, getting hurt and all that? Do you see the interview with him? Yes, I did. And what do you think about what he said? I think he's absolutely right. I think that the game anybody wants to play the game today. If there you have any health problems at all has got to be a massacre, especially if they got the money he's got. Go. And obviously, it's from the way you said that it's obvious to me that you're a real knowledgeable hockey fan. Well, at least I'm trying. Not, not. Be quick. No, they're real hockey fan. And what do you think about let me you crying about getting hooked and spirit and yank down 85 times of the effect that they can't play the game? What do you think about that? Another knowledgeable hockey fan here at Zophler to baby. Give it a rest for get it. It ain't going to happen. They could play here from now until the cows come home. From now until foster, you would start doing the games again. And it's still ain't going to happen. Here's a mobile and Miami Beach. Hello. I knew. They said, I think what Mary was talking about was a lot of the clutch and then grabbing going on and on. Listen, why would you dignify this guy? I know exactly what he was talking about. Oh, sure. Well, you know, everybody doesn't have an opinion basically, but they're not very knowledgeable. So with the jersey bringing in the neutral zone trap, it kind of is cut down. He limited space on the ice and guys like Yager and Lemue have a many of it get the ice face, I guess you can say. Yeah. And there are complaints realistically are the complaints are absolutely correct because the great players can't play the game because there's colding and clutching and grabbing and hooking and stuff that isn't being called. And for example, in our game yesterday, there were guys being tackled. There were takedowns. It was like a combination of a football game and a wrestling match. Well, Harsky was just a whistle and on his very way and nothing was going on. I don't know if you saw Pittsburgh game the other day when Kasparay just took down John Jolotta with the puck. No, I guess I did. I saw it. I was clipping. Clipping. Now what they're all is clipping. I thought they were going to even 50 yards. I never saw clipping in the ice. I've been watching for 40 years. Yeah. 15 yards. You walked it off and stood first down. But I mean, things like that. It's like they have to cut down and things cut in a couple of somebody's knees. It's just unnecessary. There isn't too many guys that can run around and take the guys of auto size or lindra. And they're cheap shot. And that's what's killing the league. I'm going to tell you another thing that's killing league is these damn fox games. That game yesterday. First, they don't start until like 315. You got to sit there and wait and wait and put on his phony orchestrated bunch of bullcrap till fox gets good and ready. 19 minutes instead of 15 in between the periods. Every break, every commercial break, every interruption play seems to last about three times as long as normal. So that fox can take a two and a half to three hour game and make it into a three and a half to four hour project man. By the time you get through with any fox game, you're ready to pass out. Sir. And so in his, well, these phones are all crap and out of these mobile phones. I think it's an act of the Lord if you ask me. I think we're being smitten right here on air of pace-off baby. I thought pace-off was this weekend. God, I've been just piling down the moths. Do you believe that? No. Two open lines a day, six, two, two, two Wiod and open line and and it's the same old song. Same old dance with the same old crowd here. Here's Margade. Hello. Yes, sir. I watched it whole interview with Margade. I didn't see a two or four. I think every week he said was very much a thing. This asshole had called me for anybody that knocks Margade all the me who knows nothing about the game. Margade was got absolutely no reason to continue playing. And I wish him all the luck in the world. He's the greatest guy that ever put on on jockstrap. And his guy's just a dumb redneck who don't know hockey from his ass. I think they should do something to make people in this town. He knows nothing about it. You're right. Whenever you say. Whatever you say. They have guys upstairs. I don't know. Something should be done about the officiating. Guys upstairs doing a call. Okay. There's another excellent idea. Let's have the video replay guys call all the penalties. We can make it into a 10 hour game. Nice going pal. We have an open line in day. Six, two, two Wiod. We have two in Broward. 7, 6, 7, 9, 4, 6, 3. They wouldn't know a puck from this from the moths of the Weiden today. That's what they know about it. Here's Evan. Sure on a mobile. Hello. Yeah, you're doing it. Okay. All right. I just thought you might like to know a little trivia though. You probably know it because you know hockey. Koalski was the referee that the New Jersey coach said. How can I not have a donut? You're fat pig. You remember when New Jersey went to the conference finals? Yeah. The coach in New Jersey I think was the guy who was the coach of Buffalo after that. He got thrown out and there was like a strike over the referee's struck. And they had to use minor league reps for the rest of the playoffs. Yeah. I'm just saying that was Don Koalski. So if you have any problems with him officiating, just remember from the source. Meaning what? Meaning he's an incompetent. He was throwing a lot of money. I'd like you to tell me your referee in the National hockey league was competent today sir. Well, there's some that are less competent than others. They mean one that's a good referee that does a good game. Uh, I can't think of him. Okay. We have an open line in day. Two nine for they've all got a story baby. They all have a story. Here's a little trivia for you. Okay. Two open lines in Broward. 767 never has there been a town on the face of the universe anywhere in this entire universe of ours. I don't know this for a scientific fact, but I'm willing to bed a lot of somebody else's money on it. Okay. Never has there been a place where so many people expanded so much verbiage about things about which they had less than no idea than this neck of the woods right here. This is the place you've come to a baby. If you were looking for a place where people didn't know they're asked from their elbow, a grapefruit from your renaissance. And by the way, what the hell was all a grapefruit on a highway yesterday? Driving home from the hockey game and it looked like a bunch of those pickers or a grape pickers had lost their wares on i95 going northbound. There was 8 zillion grapefruit all over the side of the road. Not too bad either by the way. 610 WIOT. And just feel like a prick. Say boy, let me see your license there. What's the problem officer? Go a little fast, want you same. What's in the bag seat? Nothing. Crack rock. Sitting in his bag seat. I said crack rock. You can sell on the street. You can smoke it. And you'll catch a good buzz. Just don't get pulled over. 5-0 buzz kick hop. Singing with a big band. He's a kick hop. His nice stick in his hand. He got busted. With 3 pounds of dope. So bent over and pick up the soap. The party's over now with J-A-L. You got busted energy. He's no while watching in the D'd the FCC song. The same tune. Remember that? That was the best. It's in there somewhere. By the way speaking to those cards. Let's have a box of a. Okay, let's go to Mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Mobile and North Palm Beach. Mobile and North Palm Beach. Hello. Mobile and North Palm Beach. will mobile and was Palm Beach. Hello. Mobile and North Miami Beach. I mean, whatever it is up, there's something with a beach. Yes, sir. Hey, I have a question for you. Yes. I'm all right. Line judges allowed to make blatant calls in the NHL. Line judges. Someone told me that a line judge is allowed to make a call. If you see the player, there are no such thing as a line judge. The line judge is in football. Sir. The other the other referees that are in the other. There is only one referee. There are two linesmen. Line's in that. What do I mean? There's the Wichita line's been. Yes, they are. As a matter of fact, the form of a double minor on Billy Lindsay on a game on Thursday, the referee didn't he didn't see it. The linesmen called it. Well, all these other guys are calling about, you know, the referee turned out to make the calls. Why aren't the lines? These whitesmen go and make more calls. And we don't see it very often. And they're obviously writing front of a lot of them. Wouldn't that solve a lot of the problems? Yeah, that's well, that would be great. Then we could like have that. Well, I want we get three or four more. Like somebody has suggested we have two referees. Why do we get 10 officials out there? Then the game could last 15 hours. I say I say what they ought to do is be consistent at it the beginning of the year to get officials who know how to officiate and tell them how we're going to enforce the rules. And just how we're going to open up the game. So it's something the fans can enjoy paying big bucks to see. And then enforcing consistently all year long. That's the way to do it, sir. That's the answer for it. But since Brian Burke and Gary Batman between the two of them have the brain, a brain, the size of a miniature pincher, I don't hold out too much hope. And the fact that people like our good friend Brian Murray are telling us all the inner crease rule is great and it protects the gold tenders. I got news for a brandy in the crease man in the crease rule is the worst thing to happen a hundred years even done sharing those that. Or is it even the aridges? Well, something like that. Whatever he said with the alligator arms of that night. Alligator arms, Rimmer man. It just has a certain ring to it, doesn't it? Certainly broke a Brian or good term and out there. It's a certainly an idea for another song. As he short arms it again in the restaurant. Can't reach that. Can't reach that check. I try like, yeah, can't reach my wallet and can't reach that check. Here's the lady in Davy. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I was just calling to please beg you to stop playing in Rica. Yeah. Why is that? Trying to do why? Because it drives me up a wall and you know, came me so much when you're playing something other than in Rica. Yeah. Yeah, but it worked like magic man. I got a million calls on her now. It works like crazy. I got you to call. That's true, but everything's about hockey. No, it's not. Everything's about hockey. No, it is not. Okay. What do you want to talk about? I don't really have anything to talk about others and please stop playing in Rica. I'll be a front and say I've got no material whatsoever. Yeah. I'm just being. Why should you be in a different? Yeah. I agree. I agree. I have to pay. So what we talked about, Matsu and we talked about pace talk. We talked about Jews with Beanie's on her heads. We talked about Karen K and consultants. Hey, what's the whole thing with that? That's some Jewish holiday. Perhaps that I heard earlier. Yeah, that was the news guy. That was that guy. She took up this news guy was a good friend of Harry Wintergarten of the third dollar program director. Harry penis. One. Who is this guy? I'm just been out of town. Who is this guy? Some axe murderer. Okay. He's doing our news now. He is. Yeah. Are you moving? They figured, let's hire an axe murderer. Then if we don't have a news report, he'll go do some and make some. What is it? Are you moving? I've heard that you are moving. Yes. Rumors is true. This is true. Are you leaving radio? Am I leading radio? Yeah. No, I'm getting back into radio. I'm going to WQA. I'm getting back into radio. And without the assholes. Right. Good. Okay. Okay. That's good. Okay. Happy Passover. And back to you. Happy pace off. Bye bye. Open line of day. Quit playing at Enrique Alreddy. William, it's killing her. What is wrong with the everybody loves Enrique except George? And anybody? The old two likes music. Yeah. Right. I got news for Mr. You better watch yourself. We have an open line in day. 62294636222 Wiod. You're starting to really, really get out of my nerves. You don't understand? You better watch yourself, Mr. Yeah. She comes in here. See, he goes through that whole wrap the first night about how she's sleeping with the boss and the consultants or boyfriend for five years, which I'm not so sure if that's true. But it anyway. It's a good story. But the bottom line is now it's like she's big stuff. Now she's critiquing the rest of the station and what we talk about and the station suck and what her always kneel, talk it about and the board apps better watch themselves. Yeah. Because she's got the inside track. Talk about creating a whole so deep that all you got to do is take a spike last. You can see a China on the other side already. Just keep digging and digging. Well, bringing extra shovel sweetheart. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I got to tell you my husband is the biggest Ranger fan and he says we are all sort of losers. And I know he's listening. He's right. He's right. No, he's right. I don't understand why I'm here. His town doesn't give a flying crap about anything. They get excited. So long as the team is winning the Marlins, the dolphins, the the the Panthers, the heat they don't care about when they're lose. They just don't care period. But I mean, they are so funny, man. It's it's frustrating as hell. That's true. You got to stick with it. Okay. I grant you was a people performance. It was terrible. But in the meantime, it's still one game of peace. We're still. I think I got a good shot to win the series. And he's people here are the biggest punches. Starpuss assholes. I have everything in my life. They are. They may please sick. I wanted to thank you for playing and we can. Well, thank God for you. What's wrong with Enrique? He's the best. He is. The mayor of the next to Louise. Every morning, I have to play him on the radio for my son. I'd like to play with him every more. Believe me. Okay. See you. Well, she ran like hell on that note. Two open lines in day and six to two nine and then twice in evening. Once in a morning and twice in evening and Ree Kate, don't get so about it. Six to two. W. I. O. D. And D. Is anybody awake in a live and alert out there. Okay. And that woman be forces. Well, it's only been about hockey. See, if you really listen to this show every day on this show, we talk about at least a 50 hundred things. Every day there's a zillion things that come out like Francis gum. Where else could you get a gum job like the one you got today from Judy Garland? And she's dead. How do you like that? Francis gum. Goyasha. Because somebody's trying to give us a song and a dance that lies a maneli is Jewish. Now, Judy Garland was married about 400 times and one of the may have been a Jew, but you know something. It would make any difference anyway to this to which Maneli wasn't the one who was Jewish since it sounds real Italian or to me. Okay. I know my day goes. It wouldn't make any difference because unless the mother is Jewish, you can't be Jewish. Okay. Are you following me? And if you believe in Jesus, you also can't be Jewish. Okay. Sweetheart. Oh, she ain't listening over there. She's listening. And she said, and she would not. When I said that Jesus ate pork, she said, I think you're right. North Miami Beach, hello. Yeah, are you doing? I'm doing happy Passover and back to you sir. Let's have a look at his in-paisal. How about the Jewish hockey players? Yeah, Matthew Steider. Really? Yes. The bank? Toronto Maple Leafs. Did you coach him? He's coached your for a paisal. Yes, he circumscribed. Yeah, that's good. That's a real matchable tonight. Right. And don't get some may wine. Okay. Don't forget the wine. Okay. Open line in date 62294636222WOD. Try the wine. What was the song he was sing it up in the bathtub? I'm singin' in the rain. That's a song he was singin' in Clockwork Orange. There's another great movie that probably most of you haven't seen. And if you haven't seen that movie, you still don't know what life is all about. Okay. I love that. I love the the sergeant there with a mustache. He was the best. He was the best. What was his name? I don't know what his name was in the movie. I don't either. Neither would anybody. Okay. Here's the Hollywood on a mobile. Hello. Let's jump off the band, wagon. Yeah. Yeah. Go right, rain, sir. I told you. I told you. It's all what you pay for. Me and what? You had all those marquee players. Although they did keep Brian Leach and check. Yeah. Okay. Well, so in other words, now you're singin' a big song because they want to gain? No, it's not a matter we want to gain. We beat you just like you beat us the first game. Yeah. So it's even. So what's he get all excited about with those marquee players? Let me ask you something about last year when they got Yari Curry and Marty McSorley at the end of the year who also were older than dirt. They really worked out good, didn't it? Well, that's all he does. I need a little bit of size, a little bit of toughness. No, it's no, it's because they don't know what they're doing. It's because Neil Smith is an asshole and keeps getting guys who are older than Johnny Bauer. Okay. Which doesn't get the job done. The rangers are old, baby, and you're going down. You're going down. See, I'm the one guy that's still, I mean, grand, we played one of the worst games you could imagine yesterday. But I'm not going to city like in throw in the towel. Like a lot of you pussy's out there. Liao, you play. By the way, speaking of pussy's, what the hell is this with B's? Yesterday, we're on a power play and the puck comes to the side of the net and he covers we're down at that point like one nothing, two nothing, whatever it is. He covers the puck at the side of the, he does that more than any other gold tenderman league except for Felix Pipe and his last year because Felix didn't trust his defense with 38 or 40 shots of game and I don't blame him. You watch the way the other goalies in league play the puck. You watch Dom and a cashew. You watch Pat Roy there. You watch the real great gold tender in this game and you'll see the way they play the puck instead of pushing out and freezing it every time anybody gets within 30 yards of the goal. I'm sorry, when you're on the power play, you don't freeze the puck so you have a face off and your own end. Bezer, you pussy. Here's a mobile and del Rey B, chill out. We love you, Panthers and Leeds for a day. But if you lose a game, please go away. Oh, Stu, why'd you have to go? Because without you, we really blow. Hi, Deolton. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Other than pretty depressing how the fans are bailing out on a thought. Yeah, as bad as the game was, the fan reaction here is even worse. And then these Ranger fans just forming it tomorrow. I'm going to let me say it for the 400th time today. They didn't play any great game yesterday. They were mediocre right best. I know. It's pretty sad. It's funny too. I mean, it transfers to all the other sports too. You know, Dolphins go on a little streak. They lose a few games everybody's ready to be so much. On to a half-fast phony as we got here, man. Let's get some spirit. I've been trying for 21 years to inject a little enthusiasm in these people. You can't do it. If they don't have it, you can't do it. It's like making, it's like making lots of balls out of chicken crap. You can't do it. Exactly. You know what's that, too? And when a fan, you know you're a true fan. You're critical of the fans as so forth. And you're hitting his guys call and they can just because you're being critical that you're jumping off a bad way. Yeah, their idea of being a real fan is just being a shield. That's all. Then you want an OY is because they're not intelligent. They don't know enough about the game to discuss it intelligently. That's why. Right. I agree. Even when we were winning for a period of time that we were sticking the joint out and God forbid you come on here and say that right away you're a turnt-coat you're a trader. I know. People just don't understand. These people need to have a seminar to understand what the game is all about. Right. They don't understand that you can still be winning a game but not planned to do. I mean, if you can't speak with a Canadian accent, if you can't say a boot, you haven't got a Chinaman's chance in hell and learn in this game. Yeah, well. Hey Neil, can I call some of you to do some back? Yes, sir. Leonard, Frank, Jamie, you're all a bunch of douchebags. Thanks Neil. Okay, pal. Whatever you said. Now that Edmonton Dallas game last night, three nothing with three and a half or four minutes left in a game. Three nothing and the oilers come back a young team of fast team with Jason Arnold and with Doug wait and I'm going to say it again. Brian Murray says back in the middle of November after he made that disgusting trade. He says, I'd rather have Chris Wells than Doug wait any day of the week. And Doug wait is playing his brains out for those Edmonton oilers and Chris Wells is walking around in a zoo to suit as a healthy scratch. He's scratching it every night. Fair pants stop it. Aaron Albus back there. He has place an eternity going for Robinson. There he comes the oilers. It's from back from book for this. Shoot stars. Look, burgers. The oilers. You win it. That was excitement, baby. That was emotion. That was play out poppy. That was what I saw about. Not this turn burger stuff we saw yesterday. And our crowd, you know, all we got to do is get down one other in the crowd is in a coma and did nothing for the team whatsoever in terms of nothing. Zero. Zippity do nothing. Nothing. You're a three people in the back right. Let's go. Panthers like way off in the background. Meanwhile the right guys running around trying to get some attention. Wio. When Madonna's in town, she's not listening to us. We're not talking about women. Dilecio! LOOK! I'm gonna say... See, that's one thing about sports and sports people. As you can take anything no matter how ridiculous it is, no matter how assonined it is, and people start repeating it. Like all the nicknames these people give each other. You know what I'm saying? Like, what's that one? Oh, that guy, shaky, what's his name? shaky shorts, whatever that coach's name is. shaky, how you doing, shaky? Well, a little shaky today. You just like your pizza in the old days. Here's Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I just have a little bit of advice for you. Why don't you get off the subject of hockey and watch a real sport? Which is what? Which is football or basketball? I guess what? Football ain't going on our last time I checked. I'm not talking about right now, but... Football ain't going on right now. Now, how can you watch it now when an ankle and on? Why don't you get a life? Why don't you discover what life is really all about? Okay? You wouldn't know a sport if they jumped out of hockey stick up your ass. Here's plantation. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? You watching any football these days? I'm a Ranger fan in a penguin fan. Excuse me. Yeah. I'm really enjoying to play off some from back east. I'm down here visiting and I'm on a penguin fan and you're enjoying to play off? Well, wait a minute now. First of all, I'm going to be a Ranger fan in a penguin fan. I'll get that. Well, from when they started, I'm a Ranger fan from back into 50s. Yeah. I'm a penguin fan. So they're inception and the lead. Yeah. I'm in 68. And they've been in different divisions part of the time. But I have a tough time when they play each other. Yeah. But if the penguin flyers game on a radio tonight, the penguins flyers game on a radio tonight? Why would it be on a radio? Well, I thought maybe one of the stations down here was going to pick it up. No. Okay. Because we're out of staying. They don't get any ESPNs on ESPN. What's that on the doos? Is that on the doos? It's on the doos and I'm so well for that. But anyway, I'm talking about the Rangers. I think they're underachieving. I like Cohen Campbell. He's already the coach. I don't think he would then. I think he blows. Well, he's so so. But anyway, I think the real coach of the team is Mark Messier and Wayne Gretzky. Yeah. And just like Brett Hollen, St. Louis, you know something you can't do that. He can't have the players coaching the team. They go down, pal. They're going down. He put a finger right on it there. Just like when Gretzky was trying to run the team out there in LA, and they finally said, Okay, get out of here already. Try to do the same thing and say Louis with his boyfriend. Brett Hollen, they said, hey, I'll get out of here already. You can't have the players running the team. Okay. It doesn't work. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Anya. Yes sir. Happy pay for it. And back to you. Hey. But that was brilliant. That was great, man. How long did you work on that? Open line and date 6229463622. 2 open lines and Broward. 7679463767WIOD. Oh, that Colby for was talking about football. That was a gag. He do an voice. That was a gag. He do an voice. Okay. Somebody put a close clip on his clip. Here's the gag. He sucks. Okay. Here's Carol City. Hello. Hello. Yes. You're absolutely right about this offer of fans. They're all bunch of therapists. They can play. They're on the tennis portal hockey. They're not. They don't understand any sport. They're the same and every like the guy said before. Everything that goes on down here man. It's a fair weather. What are you done for me in the last five minutes? Every single thing that goes on. Exactly. Now and you've got. You see all the sudden. They lost yesterday against the rage. And everybody is ready game on the game. The change between Friday and today is 180 degree turn. They have turned like a worm like a rabbit rat. Exactly. And you know something. If we went tomorrow night in New York. Wednesday morning. I'll come in here and these people will be going. We love your Panthers. How about that game? Neil. They'll be screaming and carrying on. Fony airzots make believe. You got it because that's it goes to show you. Now you're the ignorant. They're dumb by nature with the mother bottom to this world. She actually farther them out. Right. Excellent. Exactly. Right. And I'm already in dumb as dirt. You tell I'm Jennifer. You got it. Not only that. Brian Murray. Not only that. I hate him with the passion. Yeah. I've got one with it running to him in Hollywood. Not only why I kick his butt all over the alleyway. I'll buy you the Mazda Freaking Toiletball. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Good luck. Here's what was that? Was that sure? What? Alligator? Here's a mobile and lake worth. Hello. How are you doing today? Great. Never felt better, man. Did you hear by any chance Chris Moore doing Hank show on Friday? Did you know I did not know I did not. Tells about how QAM is such a great station even though they're helping you. Can you believe that one? Yeah. What's going on between him and yourself? What kind of animosity? Who said that? Who made the comment? Chris Moore. So what about it? What about here with Chris Moore says? I'm just saying how could the guy hate you when you're going to be the franchise that that station? Who said he hated me? He speaks to me all every game. He's too fast. He speaks to my face. What do I care? It's a radio show. Who cares? He's so worth it. He's so worth it. He sucks. All right. All right. Look. The other thing is this is actually if all these range of fans are to train you since what the hell are they doing in Florida? Yeah. I mean get them the hell out of this town. Right. So another idea of to move. I have to move to Toronto to be a Maple Leaf fan. Is that what you're telling me? I think it's a freaking dog. So am I. Go Leafs go. Get out of here. Don't be telling us what to do and where to go. We'll go when we're ready. Okay. When we're good and ready. We'll go. Everybody to this guy. You've got to hussie this one. Oh, and about Chris Moore in there. Just relax. Okay. Chris Moore. He knows his place in Jersey. That's a good place for him. Oh, sorry. 157 to WIOD.