What an absolute asshole you are. Hey guys, how do you like your steak? I want something with a little kid. Something with some bowl. I want something so spicy, it gets me right over here. And over here. Yeah, here, here. And even here, right in my... In fresh steak. Yeah, something bowl. The steak's so bold that if I bought it over my... I couldn't fit for a week. Yeah, bowl. The steak's so bold that if I shoved it up my... I could breathe fire for a month. Hey, that's pretty f*** bold. Each one bowl steak sauce. For guys who like their steak with big flavor. Each one bowl is for you. I want to steak sauce so bold. So boldly that if I eat a whole bottle, I'll have a flame coming out of my... Like the freaking space shuttle. Hey, come down over there. Just the f*** steak sauce. Each one bowl steak sauce. Now that's bold. Funny after a ten a WOD, pour some on your apple sauce and you're putting by the way, before you off yourself. By the way, he didn't have cancer. Oh, sorry. Damn it. Too late now. And they were all castrated too by the way. Because that's all of them are just most of them. I think all of them. Well, maybe not the women. They were castrated. They had their things cut off. What do you mean most of them? I thought they were all finished. The initial report said that some of them may all work castrated. I didn't hear the... But in here with the coroner said... You call that a penis? Exactly. They were castrated, man. They were ballas and brainless. But they were very nice people. When is the media going to stop with this crap Thomas about what? They were morons. They were idiots. They were people with no lives. The one guy for crying out loud even went to U of M. Do you need to know any more than that? No life. Morons. Idiots. Dummies. They're going to get on the... The... Comments coming. And they're all of a sudden going to shed these bodies. And they're going to wind up on serious. And they're going to... What are they going to do up there? Now that they're castrated, they're evidently not going to have a two bit of a time up there. So what's the point when you come right down to it? Of course he was a fact. Here's my amy. Hello. Hi Uncle Neil. Yes sir. Actually the castration was based on a coin toss. No why. No. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Well that's the question. Isn't it. That's what Marshall Apple what used to as tails or head. One of the survivors actually was on the news. I had to go. One guy didn't go the hallway I guess. And he said he was one of the lucky ones because he just had a daughter I guess. So yeah. Got a crazy. But I called it actually. One of the things I think is funny. You know how every few years they have these people and statues that have Stick-monna and they have blood from their palms etc. Yeah. You know the stupid thing about that is that Jesus was nailed and is rusted his hands. So he wouldn't be bleeding from the palms of his hands. But how could he have palms Sunday? What are you going to have wrists? How about limprist Sunday? First thing I like hash Wednesday. Live limprist Sunday ain't bad that they were celebrating the Vatican. I'll guarantee you that. Sure. Uh-huh. They got that right close for it. Uh-huh. Anyway, I can be. You have people believe this crap. You know what? Like people. I mean, the people who lived then 2000 years ago, they said, who the hell are you kidding? And those were the dumbest superstitious people of all, and they didn't believe it. Keep barnavint in. Oh, my. Ripley were the ones. We're in the right line of business. Jesus, God and Joseph. There he ain't good people's money. Okay, God bless you, my son. See ya. Dave County, 62, come on. Let's get some spiry ports on that simulating game on Saturday. Let's go. Go out of town for a couple of days for a nice weekend. I don't want to mention I had Laura Seekord ice cream at the Eaton Center. That would be bad. But go out of town for a couple of days. Come back and wait and get filled in. I'm sure I missed a dynamic performance in section 124. Hey, ref, you suck. Yeah, right. We're going to lynch that damn rat guy today. Or what was the next home game? Uh, what is the next week? God, we're on the road all week. What a pleasure. What a myhaya. We have like a little break now. Next home game. We're lynching the rat man up there in 124. I still think it's a good idea. Instead of having the amaz got, instead of having Stanley Seep Panthers slide down that thing before the game. We're just going to let them. We're going to grease that thing up real good. Let the rat man slide down it. On a date, you go. One day the rat man is about 600 feet above. Hey, rat man, use suck. What an asshole I guess. I mean, it was great during the playoffs all the enthusiasm. But this guy's out of control doesn't have any idea. He fits in like a glove because he has no idea what the game's all about. And these people, the loudest ones are the ones who don't know what they're talking about. Ever noticed that? Like I know his talk shows. Oh, sorry. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. Hello. Yes, sir. Have a meal. are you today wonderful come a style I think you forgot me I forgot you what you remember in the end guy came to your car oh you said I got a place something I said I'm gonna play it right off the bed it was about my grandpa's own grandpa right now I came to your car right there right right right right and I ask you that's what I just said I'm my own grandpa and I said I played right off the bed yeah yeah you remember that but I will play it in a few minutes okay thank you very much and don't do that again okay thank and don't eat too much create okay okay and don't listen to keep curie he'll kill you okay wow so that was the guy yeah right a ass murderer he's out there I'm getting in my car and he comes right up to the window he was okay it was a good guy heard about the incident after the fact and I was a concern that this guy blocked your car in and a cost of you out in the parking line didn't cost me well that's what they wanted to hear some stupid bit this born as it's okay mine whatever you want he's an Indian guy he's an Indian guy you know he said can I ask something and I said what's that he didn't have no dot how come only the women have the dot what does that mean that they're circumcised what what is that what's the significance I'm sure it means something is it like putting the ashes on your forehead oh thank God we don't do those ridiculous barbaric stupid idiotic things anymore in the world today thank the Lord thank God that the Orthodox Jews aren't the and then that course I haven't even commented on that because it's so typical where the Orthodox Jews now are they had a big thing on the CNN over the weekend about that that's right if you're not real super orthodox you're not like a real Jew no matter how close they cut it to the bone no matter how well a little you got left like in my case you're still not know how many how many home and touch you wait you're still out of real Jew only they got the answers and you want to know why because they're just like the right wing Christians man they're crazy in a bedbug well we don't like your views on both sexuality and about abortion all the so the crap sounds for me you're huh so when you talk and religious fanatics it don't make any difference whether the Jews or Goi and were Arabs or whatever they are in fact when you talk in religion general why is he starting with this today on Easter Monday and how come Ron and Ron were on tape by the way this morning that's what I would like to know for Easter in honor of Easter Monday what they'll know about and they still played a tape where we had all kinds of technical problems because we didn't want you to feel like you couldn't relate to it for our county we're waiting on you this morning it's gonna be one of those days make no mistake about it's gonna be a deadly Monday I resign myself to that fact before even walked into the door this morning I said it's Monday you just you can kind of feel it you can smell it you can smell it in the air so let's hear about that great game on Saturday come on oh man talk about synthetic and artificial even at poor bastard with the artificial legs in the closet that made the front page of the paper this morning even he never saw anything so artificial is this town they are really into it man they're smoldering they're just really yeah right tell me another good one 10 26 at Wiod I got something in my hand right now that's famous no not that I'm talking about wolfies menu look at that there it is that's the same red in yellow and white for 150 thousand years that wolfies has been famous for and they got the exact same great wolfies menu with the brand new wolfies right here in Hollywood and they are jammen it there is what I understand they are packeted in there in the food too you can go to breakfast starting at seven o'clock in the am at wolfies and get a complete breakfast starting at only two dollars and twenty two cents and they got all the great things like I said that wolfies is famous for pancakes and waffles and French toast and omelettes and every kind of egg dish out of the sun upside down and straightside up they got lunch specials every day starting from 395 during the weekdays and they've got the early bird every afternoon between three and five or just 695 and a little bit more for a complete dinner if you're not your meal set you're Monday through Thursday you get a buck off on the early birds so you're practically eating you're complete meal for free they got you they'd deal pickles and a cold slaw and those great little Danishes in the morning all the great things that wolfies is famous for look those little mile-high sandwiches pile of the sky and those great desserts baked fresh every day right there on the premises kids age 10 and under eat free Monday through Wednesday wolfies is open till 10 pm weekdays Friday and Saturday late till midnight if you love great food you don't have to be Jewish you can even be as gracious the day is long you're going to love the brand new wolfies in Hollywood unsure of the street right across from T.Y. Park in the park Sheridan Plaza got it when I was 23 I was married to a widow who was pretty as could be this widow had a grown-up daughter who had hair a friend my father fell in love with her and soon they two were wed this made my dad my son and law and changed my very life for my daughter was my mother because she was my father's wife to complicate the matter even though it broke me joy I soon became the father of the bouncing baby boy my little baby them became a brother and lot of dad and soon became my uncle though it made me very sad where if he was my uncle then that also made him brother of the widows grown a daughter who of course was my step mother fathers wife then had a son who kept them on the run and he became my grandchild because he was my daughter son my wife is now my mother's mother and it makes me blue because although she is my wife she's my grandmother too if my wife is my grandmother then I'm her grandchild and every time I think of it it nearly drives me wild for now I have become the strangers case you ever saw as husband of my grandmother I am my own grandfathers I'm my own grandfathers I'm my own grandfathers it sounds funny I know but it really is so yes I'm my own grandfathers 1032 W.I.O.D. at Wonder why that is your 20th week I think the reason for that be I don't know I have no idea quite frankly couldn't care less we have an open line at a mobile one purple line pound I.O.D. let's hear about that game Saturday not oh my god so Michael Mayow by the way has a big column in the paper I knew sooner or later he'd come around not that's right guess what he's writing about this morning in a son Sentinel he's writing about and I would check the weekend papers just to make sure okay what is with this overhead by the way George this thing sounds like crap it sounds like direct today what the hell I love these weekends I love coming on Monday and over the weekend Friday everything was great it was sensational and you come in on a Monday no matter where you work and it's like everything's been reconfigured and reshrewed around and it sounds bizarre man it sounds bizarre so what is Michael Mayow right about a whole big column on the back page of course on a son Sentinel sports section today where it belongs so he can wipe his ass with it mustard's revenge sweet as apple pie Tomas Mooster mustard booster whatever the hell his name is a bunch of tennis crap now we know that wants to find a time when he was like a little boy Michael Mayow used to write about tennis before he like graduated beyond that and wrote about real sports but now it is you write a whole column look at that the whole damn page long about tennis does he mention anything in there I noticed Tom jicker wrote a big column about David Halberstam and what a great guy he is and how Eddie Kaplan likes him and he never stole a freight train I was going Tom by the way get rid of that picture you look like it all far down the chemo therapy if you see that picture a jicker in the paper the one where he looks like he's done 20 years of chemo I'm serious I mean I know we're all getting older Tom could come on talk about unflaidering so nice job Michael Mayow's you continue not to do what you promised you would do and you just don't have the scrotum to do it man it pisses me off is there anybody in this town who's not a bull crap artist that's what I'd like to know just one bull crap artist after another oh yeah I'm gonna write a retraction I'm gonna least write that I wish I wouldn't have written that last thing and I don't want to see the guy fired well he's not getting fired I realized that but why don't you live up to what you promised we heard it right here on the show you jack as you why can't you do it I mean if you got that much space why can't you like why we you know they put the little stars near the little ass to risk maybe you don't want to risk his ass maybe the sunset and I won't let him put it in there that's what I'm hearing are you that much of a pussy that you're letting the newspaper dictate what you're gonna put in your column I noticed they didn't have any objections to the first column when you ripped David Halberstam and asked and asked for him to be fired which I think we ought to get a firing squad from Michael Mayo get him into guy the rat guy from the hockey games get the two of them together and take care of their ass right now there you go the rat guy and speaking of newspapers and bizarre things and how can we have an out of call about this yet this morning Chris we haven't had a call about too much it's Monday what do you expect there's a thing in the living arts section in the world that they would say don't read the hill though it was laying around the price was right it was free and I look in here and it says play ball is the cops take the pro player field on opening day we compare the goods and vads of South Florida versus those of the windy city and it's got a list it doesn't see who wrote this crap it just says the list okay and if I were whoever responsible for this column I wouldn't put my name on his piece of crap either and it goes on about opening day 1997 the cup is visit the marlins at your Robbie stadium papa papa papa this and it says let's not fall into rampant homerism here even though the cups have about as much chance of reaching the world series this year as Neil Rogers and the marlins look like fierce fish indeed what is that mean they have about as much chance of reaching the world series this year as Neil Rogers I got news for you guys I'm probably gonna be going to the world series whether anybody knows you're not and then it goes on to compare you know what they got in Chicago what we got here like as if there's some comparison between the two cities other than the weather taken a weather out which we can't control like it says they have deep dish of Kagustal pizza we got rice and beans okay we got arroz con uh not that's chicken we got rice and beans they got deep dish pizza the greatest if you like that stuff which weighs about 85 pounds of pie and we got rice and beans as in great I rest my case they got here we Carter we got rid of Gary Carter they got holy cow we have in the wind column oh geez not your angel with that contrived excitement again but anyway it's in the they have Sally fits we had Sally fits as in so it any right great column again and what tell my name I guess it's just a gratuitous way to drop my name in as if saying we got new arroz isn't they don't which is the only thing beside the weather that we got here that's worthwhile because the rest of it tried to compare this town as Chicago is a joke I mean Chicago is one of the few big cities in his country where it's like clean clean I'm not talking about Cicero now I'm talking about downtown the loop like most of the city you know where the white people are it's clean it's beautiful it's great the food is great rush street is great everything is great but hey but we got a nice weather here's Miami hello hello yes sir I went to the game Saturday alright here we go here's the report I've had missed the game in four years yes of worst crowd in history of the world what do you mean size no Yahoo I mean they were cheering and you suck and they were cheering for miss checks yeah I mean it was terrible I don't think anybody knew about hockey they don't they I mean the fourth year almost over now and they still know nothing is crowd I mean I said here day after day try to just have even if I take 10 minutes out of the day to have a meaningful conversation about the greatest sport in the world and these people here know nothing they don't know what they're watching out there and half of them left during the third period I could with 20 minutes I was like 15 minutes left ago nice well it was a boring game too by the way notice another short-handed goal against the star Robbie Zameter yeah hell of a player by the way and did you know that our Robbie New Year mayor was a member of having skate call he doesn't have a pair yeah I know that he's he's waiting to get in by the way he could make it in yeah thanks for the good news sorry I missed that sorry it wasn't here for that game Saturday and by the way who was that sitting in your seats probably Jeff Rimmer's wife and some friend I guess since I gave Ferole the seats because I knew I was gonna be here I don't want no empty seats I wanted some asses in those seats okay but evidently I missed a real coma inducing performance and the rumor has it that Eddie Joe is a getting benched or got benched for that game or or whatever the deal is and long overdue was all I can say oh and we had a guy get a home from the getting the car to airport last night and turn on this radio station in theirs guess who was on here doing sports talk it was right as it was in fact it was the post game show it was that's me yeah doing a post game show after the heat cave didn't lost to the raptors no less in Toronto to the raptors no less and then they come on at six o'clock with sports talk which I keep winning every every few days we keep hearing that this is the last sports talk show on IOD the way keep you're in that they keep threatening this is the last sports talk show ever ever well maybe and then you're doing it on the weekend and there's another one so feel that's been as I would some guy and I'm thinking who is this guy that he's got on with him and what are they arguing about again I shouldn't even mention it about the stew barn straightened about Chris Wells and I'm thinking Jesus are you still with that and the guy's name he had on with him you won't are you ready for this was Saul Steinberg Saul Steinberg don't we have any glam doing sports in this town just one just one besides Joe Rose and Jim and which okay can we have one goy in this town doing sports we got Steinberg in Goldberg and what's what's the and Goldie what's his name Goldstein and the forest who's got a Goyish name but he's another what you did and Robin and and yeah him too another Jew and he says this is the Jew crew because it's Easter Sunday night just one Jew after another doing sports in this town would be like Michael Mayo there's another one what he says name was Moskovitz I agree with that Orthodox rabbi he ain't Jewish I don't care what the hell that what his name was he ain't Jewish but what a disgrace this guy is rambling on I guess they were trying to stir up some controversy or something and maybe get a call which didn't happen but this guy had no idea what a guy from channel 10 I guess who does isn't on the year thank God but he's like the sports what he's he is to channel 10 what Bernie Rose used to be the channel 4 like an impediment just kidding Bernie here's Liberty City hello you know good morning no yes sir all I could say about the hockey is a cartner of his Joel and Beezer yeah they did it they played good they played good yeah and everybody else stuck to join out yeah they spent the join out and the and the audience I was listening to the radio yeah but the day before that if you didn't really hear some juicy stuff Mr. Man which was in a heated uh uh uh what do you call it yeah uh con con con con con procession with deep all about the word cone and man let me tell you this man was a fool in a round that day yeah later on today if they were into a cone thing they went to a cone that you don't have you if you have hands of free yeah but he never mentioned that word cone as far as the University of Miami's concerned depot said he did in a paper but they run today maybe some college may give you some more juice on that so check it out what was the point though I mean that that people accused of a friend of word cone and he never said to work cone before as a relating as a like home as a like cool oh a her cool yeah yeah so we did he said where are our managers deal my material already no they're they're trying to impocate him as using your material yeah and he denied it he denied it and he used the gd work yeah and also he was in he just he said some Jewish name who did man and it's his Jewish tool he said a Jewish name and I don't know what we're taking into a deep hole but he said a Jewish name I couldn't uh oh look it out good like I just didn't and what a coincidence I just got to say all the sports guys this down our Jewish you better check it out that would be a great song by the way for good term and all the sports guys are Jewish and listen where is Rimmer I want to hear the guy I want to see if he's gonna come on you show or you what's gonna happen Rimmer yeah gonna come on his show you're a show I'm saying yeah if you got a visitor what we're waiting for he's out of town he's in Pittsburgh right now as we speak come on Rimmer what are you yeah yeah okay I'm gonna beg him I've asked him to be on his show 65 thousand times and let's the prices right and he gets just exactly the right meal etc and so on he just can't be bothered he's a star now it's too big for us check this concept out Neil if how do you want to make money let tax and buy a contract right throughout the pamphlets game put it on your show and you do a little sip by sip play on that look by flip yeah instead of paying spot okay okay now have a great day pal thanks for the bad news and don't say cool okay hurt cool and so man oh man are these guys desperate does Jeff Rimmer kiss Chris Wells behind I want to have a reason for defending this guy a rise constantly falling and the puppy can find does Jeff Rimmer kiss Chris Wells behind and ever since they've traded to David Wayne real problem he's the reason they gave what's he's a bit he might and we know that Chris may be a pretty nice guy buddy fumbles and he stumbles and trips on the blue eyes it's the best and Ryan Murray can find the teams in the coma and they'll never say why if anything it's easy if you die all the time does Jeff Rimmer kiss Chris Wells behind 1045 at W I O D two open lines and day six two two nine four six three 85 open lines and Broward as an all three of them seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven seven W I would be in the two nationwide lines the worldwide the weblines at one triple eight four seven four W I O D were they all circumcised were they all uh is that what they were I don't think that they were like uh chopped they weren't castrated they were circumcised yeah so in other words you think they deserve today is that what you want to say but you didn't say you had that support on your post the world's have no idea what they're missing it's not their fault most of them if it was 95 degrees in the middle of July would you want to be wearing a turtle next sweater if you're trying can I do the spot please before you're starting with that smeg a smeg my crap on and on and just obsessed with force can just uh into it deeply force can envy if you're a target getting a business thing every time you try to get online and maybe also a business thing when you look to get help from your internet provider if you've had it pick up the phone call our friends bridging that they can solve the problem for you immediately if not sooner just call three seven four thirty thirty one bridges that's the internet provider that care about getting you online that's what they do that's what their business is all about they've got the friendlyest most knowledgeable support staff they can help you with all your internet needs at bridges that they can help you get your business online they can even help you create a full color storefront for your business they've done it for cocoa walk for base side marketplace for the streets of may fair and lots of big shooters and if you call up by the end of March which is like today your first month is absolutely free that's like today see better call them today isn't right now get online with our friends at bridged at get rid of those busy signals forever call three seven four thirty thirty one do it right now because I think if I check real close it's the end of March three seven four thirty thirty one bridged net six ten w i o d back don't worry it's just a little gas this is column them in the investment update report statistics show a trend towards declining circumcision rates this means opportunity in the exciting world of smeg my futures don't miss out on this investment opportunity with less circumcisions comes more smegma this could yield huge returns in the future smegma options could provide you and your loved ones for the size of extra income call us today for perspective sun investing in a smegma market call 1 600 for skin that's 1 600 3 6 7 7 4 5 6 remember you may lose some or all of your investment possibly even more so call 1 600 3 6 7 7 4 5 6 I had no 4 skin 10 50 10 to the level of the w i o d and a smoldering smoking first hour here on Monday on Easter Monday anybody get any good eggs over the weekend how about Easter eggs how about chocolate they how about those rustle store of dark chocolates with the raspberry filling inside that's right you don't like raspberry how about with the caramel inside okay mm you just bite off the end and it's just like melts in your mouth and the caramel like all kind of like melts and wishes into that dark chocolate as it starts to oh dribbling all together mm Oscar Lupetus each of hearts each of your parts out so anyway let's get serious okay let's we're going to be doing a remote show from serious so is what's your name on the night or do we have a heat game that was bad what's your name passion clones is she got to be on tonight or what understand he's a very nice person too by the way still pick it on her what you should have a schedule through Monday and there okay let's take a look at the schedule here we go it's 31st regular schedule no heat game tonight I guess so we got Brooke from a 6 to 9 and from 9 to mid night we got uh Aaron K what are you smiling about isn't that her name Aaron K and passion clones but she's a very nice person she brought in pizza for the whole staff on Friday and why should I be ripping her an ass and you know our consultants gonna be critiquing her performance on and off the year what's wrong with that here's South Miami hello South Miami right here I'm here are you doing you're there I'm here uh it's one chain to sub to bit up there was there is no subject on it I know the show is for anybody that's got balls enough to pick up the phone which is most everybody out yeah one of them right now all right okay I just want to commend you I'm one thing good about a column line you like you made a reference to about the difference between Italians and Italy and Guido yes for so long I've been trying to explain to people the difference and finally someone finally made it clear to everyone and that is you yeah and I just you know I've heard it that day it just made everything come together I mean you go to Italy you don't find anybody who's even remotely like the Guido's you find in New York I mean that's that's not what being Italian is all about traditional which they bastardize the language and this uh material and uh cup of gold and that there are just like all New Yorkers they're very arrogant and they insist that that's the way that wheel Italians pronounce those words and it is not exactly they know nothing about being a Titan in fact most of them probably never been to Italy in their lives and probably wouldn't even get a Visa or a Master Card there exactly and the other thing I want to talk I have two God proud of the question yeah now I bought this book in the book store it's about the Godfather legacy and it said there's a a whole thing together it's called the Godfather trilogy which seems that we're coming out yeah watch board do you know anything about this what do we do I know anything about it I got it yeah you go to a real video store in your pocket that's what you do it work getting of course of course if you got forty fifty hours some day when it's a real boring day when it's raining like hell which any day in the summer here like on a weekend and you sit there and you're pop it in night in the morning and you're all set till about three forty after no it goes on forever it's great okay and the other question I had and like it says they've done it in chronological order so it makes sense right uh the other question I had when the senator in the second movie is in the hotel I offered to you senator is this nothing yes yeah when the girls you know more than the best someone had told me now I disregard this that he killed her my whole thing the whole time was that they set him up that who killed her that uh that he did he was he was in a rage and he killed her and what the hell is that all about a course not that they were what is that they made him an offer they couldn't refuse the the bottom right well I don't know what this person was they were on they were on heavy drugs tell him to take some of tepio computing some apple sauce pheno barbittal be okay there you go well okay can I call someone to do you spend go ahead and you're sour wet do you spend okay all right I'll read it out you okay read it out you child deadlines wide open here this morning it's a typical Monday have had no women call this morning the first hour we're gonna get a woman on during this first hour or not he has no what oh yes we are here's a lady in Hollywood hello I want to know why you're like constantly ripping the fans at the Panther games I mean at least they're the fans that show up consistently and keep selling out that arena because they don't know what tell us going on just showing up you're showing up there and putting your ass in the seat doesn't mean you have any idea what's going on that that's great that it's great that we're to want to answer you want to answer you just want to scream I'm just running the game but at least I show up and I try to get a better knowledge all I ever had here with football yeah I have to educate myself how many years does it take me for people start understanding what's going on in front of them how many years I couldn't afford tickets for a while and I haven't been able to go to the hockey seminars at the Panthers present and another thing is a Chris Wells has been improving well sucks well hockey player Chris Wells blows I mean without Chris Wells there were some games we would have lost because he could up the scoring opportunity oh Mike are you dreaming are you on heavy medication no not at all are you sleeping with Bill Cosby are you eating jello putting by the graceful no but you're never saying anything positive you're Chris Wells blows Chris Wells blows okay when somebody plays good out there I'll tell you go but be very objective you're trying to make a case for a kid that can't play the game no he's talking kaka there was a good bit memorized hard work against the board is gave me a break is first you admit that you don't know anything about the game and how all of a sudden because you like the way he looks or you like his mustache or whatever it is you're like you're clueless Chris Wells is not a player sweetheart he's not a playery blows but don't you remember they said he's a project player we don't need no project so okay we can't we were the Stanley Cup finals last year you don't trade away established good players that score a lot of goals especially when you got a team that can't score well I admit that that we can't score any goals we don't score how many goals did we score how many do we score I'm on Saturday getting rid of one was a mistake okay because it's through all the players off but still we've got to destroy the chemistry of the team destroy the chemistry of the team there's no point in rehashing it it's it was a bad deal and these people out there who just professional askus who's no matter what Brian Marie does no matter what they're like oh yes or yes or yes or yes and you want to know why because they don't know anything but I was not pleased in the beginning but I'm happy now well I'm glad you're happy thank you okay go Panthers get out of here okay we have Broward lines open seven six how are you constantly I'm the one that got everybody to go out there in the first place which he forgets conveniently I'm the one that tried to say hey football is boring for Crionala in fact I was reading an article yesterday which by the way two bad about Michigan losing the championship game in fact they didn't even get in the championship game they got beat by Boston by BU in the semi final in the college thing but at any rate there was a big piece and one of the papers over the weekend about all the kids at Michigan now you can't get a ticket to a university of Michigan hockey game whereas of course football used to be the only thing on campus and he has to still jam 170,000 people in the and our brand of stadium but nevertheless hockey is next to football is the hottest thing going on at campus because a lot of the students have discovered this is where the action is this is the greatest sport in the world and I'm the one that turned everybody on to what Panol of a sudden they're the experts and because they just won't go along with the program all of a sudden I'm a bad guy okay Chris Wells got yeah there you go oh god I love him he's the best 10 57 hey ref you suck 10 57 a WIOD don't get weird on us it's only radio 16 WIOD Miami Fort Lauderdale in the 50s Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best now this great series is back starring a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of father knows best step into the confession or Billy I don't know father this makes the 47th time I've been in there this way oh Billy you want to be a good Catholic don't you yeah but just everybody get a spanking father knows best it's the Vatican's best cap secret and you've got a private seat for all the fun just enter the rectory from the rear all right Billy boy each time for your flute lesson but father your flute has only one hole and it doesn't make it a noise oh here to ill Billy it will father knows best once you've seen this news sitcom you'll wonder why you've never heard about it let me introduce you to Shane Peter father knows best going to church may not seem very entertaining but there really is something funny going on here down down down down down oh are you going down down down down down down down mark is going down down down down down it's the day stock market is down oh no Tracel will my broke girls call it then and his talent eating the park it's falling now we stand in my skin don't call it come and jump with me my socks are fading even though I'm not So have me trading to hit the pavement, I'm into some painting. Come and jump with me. Market's precious, my life is latched. Before my very eye. Rob, Rob, Rob. Stocks on, dump, and then I'm jumping. Oh, bear the confidence of stars. Now I'm standing 50 floors above where I'll be landing. Oh, I'm family, I will be stranded. Come and jump with me. Okay. Oh, the economy. Wow. This is care. Hundred me. That's the thing that you're always dropping so fast that you can leap your leas getting the hemorrhoids. Okay, it's down 136. You can't even follow the bouncing arrow on CNBC. On the NASDAQs down 22, this could be the day, baby. By the end of the day, we're all wiped out. Okay, look at those phones, man. Speaking of wiped out, we got all the deadlines. We're open 622Wild. We have all the Broward lines. We're open 767Wild. We got one call on the board here at 11 o'clock. On a Monday, is this beautiful or what? No wonder we had Sawsteinburg on the earth the other night. We are just desperate. We're gasping for oxygen here, reaching out to testicles and tentacles. And what do we get that one-sour bitch on there? How come? I don't know what to think about the game. Give me a chance. But, but, but, but, but, but, but, then she goes on to elect you about what a great player number 23 is, which I don't want to mention his game and name again. Anyway screw these people. Okay, I got a great three-page facts here with an naked picture of Josh Moro, who plays Nick on a young and a horny. It says many of you know him as Nick on the CBS soap opera, the young and arrestless, but I knew Josh way before that big break happened. I mean, I was just from a guy or a whatever, doesn't say. But it does say he's straight. Damn it. I'm getting on a soap change as your life suddenly you've got money, people start recognizing you start getting strange letters from Waktao fans. I'll tell you what secret being on a soap isn't really any big deal, not out here. It's great because it's work and actors want to work, but it's considered pretty low on the entertainment of food chain. Personally, I have a group of friends who are working actors, several of them on soap, some of them drop the soap. We think of, uh, it is a job and we don't think of our friends and celebrities, or any of that foolishness. Josh loves to perform. It says. He loves to camera. He used to do a theater out in the valley, anything to have an audience. He used to call me up all the time and say, let's go shoot. Squared, squirt. He'd say, I remember he always used to say, Marco, you're the man, you to man. Bruce Weber also like Josh. Bruce loved Andre, too. He used to call my house in the middle of night to talk to Andre. Anyway, Bruce had, uh, had money to Josh, so he'd eat, uh, right and work out. Josh liked getting naked for pictures. It says he has, uh, had a freedom about that. He's a big flirt and a very girl crazy guy. Most of the time, he has he's straight. And it goes on and on and on. Josh and I shot pictures many times. We shot together. Squared, squirt many times. That Griffin Griffith Park. We shot at the nude beach and in my backyard. We shot out at Medidor Beach one time, too. This must be somebody that knows the J.C. by the way. And you notice, uh, we don't see him around here no more. Since he got to haircut that, he end to him. Since he looks that good, you'll never see that trial again, no more. So, evidently, this is some fact model out there who, uh, used to get naked with Josh and look a lot. He made county six to two nine four six three six two two. W-I-O-D. Here's Portland, hello. Hey. Main or Oregon. Oregon. Oh, boy. I've glad to be the hell out of there. Yeah, I don't blame you. Congratulations, sir. Thank you. When you say, uh, living a breathing people, that leaves this place out. It's not a joke. I mean, it's for real. There aren't any old, crabby old people here. They've taken every deadhead in the universe and they've jandabullied in here. The south of southern part of this, Pini Sala. There's only one thing that's missing here. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, well, and I thought I'm on the internet, man. I'm all over the place. Can you tell me that? Can I tell you what? The website page. Yeah, all you got to do is do the real radio thing on, uh, what is it, George? George. What's the website now? Because I get confused with the old one. The, uh, are you nuts? Yeah. W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-O-O-D. Audio-net.com. Dot com. Anything for W-I-O-D? I think it's a good under-live radio on a talk for you talk. And we're there. All right. Hey, thank you. You'd be amazed at the response we get. Not. Hey, um, can you leave me at home and play in one little bit for me? What is that? Young meal. Oh, have a great day, pal. Okay. Leave me at home, please. Okay. I almost talked his way out of that. Leave my home for about a minute. We have two open lines in date, six to two nine, four, six, three, six, two, two, two. Boy, I'll tell you. Easter is, of course, you got to understand something. I hope you're ready for this. This is the beginning of the summer yet. You don't realize this. A lot of people think it's a beginning of the spring. Wrong. Once Easter is over, and then especially, pace off, the season's over, the party's over, baby. I see highly apart. They had 6,500 people there yesterday on a Sunday, no less. On a Sunday. Oh, my God, man. Deader than dead. Now the season's over. Now, I'm sorry, I was for making the Emerald Coast as popular as it is now. I couldn't get in there myself last night. Actually, if they knew who to hell I was, if they knew who I was when John went in there, if they knew us, they would have said, hey, well, clear a table aside for you now, Mr. Hot Shot. Here you go. You go right in there and your heart's content. If they realized I'm making a millionaires, the richest chinks in town. But do they have any ID who I am? Do I look for any special treatment there? You damn right, I do. Am I getting it? No. Am I pissed off? Yes. They should be treating me with velvet gloves and I join. I'm packing at joint. Morning, noon, and night. Every month I can don't stick. And of course, with publics decide to be very firm yesterday on Easter Sunday and closing, a lot of people, you know, they were eating out. All the Jews, all the kids were eating out there yesterday. All the real old ancient, geriatric blue hairs. Date County, 6229, 463, every line in debt is a debt is a date, date is a Dorneal. Here's plantation, hello. Why are you picking one might? Oh, God. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hi. Yes, sir. I'm along with your Portland West Coast call. I was just out in California. I thought I told her, I heard your old Phil Hendry out there. Yeah. Yeah. Congratulations. Good for getting out of here. What's that? He's no dummy. He got there a lot of here. Yeah, he was on late at night out there, but uh... Well, he is on late at night. You need to get on out there somewhere. I mean, they have a lot of mediocre shows, but I tell you, people here don't realize what we got with you now. But their dead heads here. That's the thing. The only thing besides working for this company, that's the only thing that's a negative is the fact that these people are impossible to get through. You have to beat them over the head with a sledgehammer. I mean, out there. If you try to have an intelligent or even a goofball conversation with these people about anything, it's not just talking. It's anything. They don't know from nothing. Other than early bird dinners, that's the only thing they know about. They know nothing here. I tell you, with that stuff that went down in Rancho, I was dying to come back here just to hear your talk, she looks. I missed all that. Yeah. You missed what? There's nobody talking about it. No. There's nobody talking about that here. They think this guy's name is Apple Sauce. They don't know who the hell he is. Yeah. Well, good luck in it. Thanks. I need a pal. Thanks a lot. What about asking the question for 100 years? It'll never change. Never change. Don't get all worked up about it, especially on a Monday. Just relax. How that you're finally getting your health back. Now that you're mouth and you're tongue and your ears and your nose, that the pieces of your head are finally starting to fall back into place again. Don't get all worked up about these bastards. That bitch that calls before, giving me a lecture because she don't like what I have to say about the team who knows nothing about it. But now she's an expert because she went to a couple of games. So now she knows everything and how dare I say all of this and that's that or even though it is true, of course. They can't handle the truth, okay? It's just like the religion bull crap. They can't handle. They can't cope with the fact that they've been lied to all of their lives and they've been so stupid that they never just took five minutes to sit down and think to themselves, is this possible? All these bubble micees? Is there any logic? Is there any sense to it? Oh, there's no logic. You have to have faith. Yeah, that's what Ralph Reed says. You have to have faith to be as much of a bigoted little prick as he is. That's what you have to do. You have to have faith. And now I see speaking of bigoted little prick. They put the f*** you cannon. He ain't got nothing to run for. Now he's back on CNN. And by the way, how come David Halberstam gets an all kind of trouble because he said something that I thought was like much to do about nothing about Tom Jefferson and the slaves. He gets into a big jackpot. Ted Turner, he says the other day that it's great that I agree with them by the way, but he comes out and he says that it's great that these people often themselves. They didn't run into McDonald's and shoot anybody else. They killed themselves. So we got rid of 39 assholes. And I go and Ted, nobody got pissed off about that. I don't see anybody saying Ted Turner ought to get fired. Of course he's the boss so we can't get fired. I don't see anybody getting all bent out of shape about it. Screaming. Ha? That was an irrational thing. Oh. So in other words, if Tom Jefferson had white slaves who would have been all right, is that what you're saying? Or if he had crazy slaves. You can insult crazy people. How do you know they weren't crazy? After you go out there and pick all that cotton man in that hot summer sun, trust me. You wind up in plantation. We have a broad lines wide open here. This is brutal to the man. If this is the best you guys can do, I'm a heavened at music on it. We're playing Gacy, the rest of the day. We're going to play disco all day long until this audience finally gets with it. 7679, 463, 3 open lines and brought. We got people killing themselves out there in the name of religion. We got people killing each other. Let's hear about the Middle East peace talks. Talk about an oxy moron. Every day we got another story about people killing kids, killing each other. The Jews and the Arabs and the Arabs and the Jews. And then the Orthodox Jews here are hawk and a China. Unless you eat the right kind of humontation, you're not quite a real Jew. And they're eating the little a cookie ones. They're eating the little triangle cookie ones. And they think they know something about being a real Jew. They know nothing about it. And it just goes on and on. And these people here, man, they got nothing to say because they don't want to be bothered with the truth and reality because it's a two annoying. It's two annoying. They don't want to be annoyed. 622, Wiod in date, 767, Wiod in Brown. We got the one guy on the level there. He's on hold. So we got like basically nothing going on here today as usual on a Monday. Why does anybody like I said congratulations to Ron and Fizz and Bill and whatever their names are for taking off this morning. Maybe that's going to be their new format. Every Monday, all tape Monday. What? They took this morning off because they didn't take Friday off. So they're taking their Easter holiday tape. Well, what did they take Friday off? Did we take Friday off? Did he even get a Rick Riley? Riley, take Friday off? No. The other company people did. Yeah. So I guess they felt they weren't titled. Oh my god, it got. Like I said, good choice guys. 1114 at Wiod if you. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1113. 1114. 1113. 1113. When you're brave, her doctor has been says it's okay. A sensation gives his name. My forces up, down, my head spinning all around and round. How this lesson for three days now. Whoa! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Ben, Ben, your attorney's only been. Ben, your attorney's only been. Ben, whoa! What a pussy. Okay, it's 11.18 at WIOT. We have two open lines in day, six, two, two, 140, open lines in Broward. 65,225 open lines on the upper lines and 52,684,000 open lines. So the guy in 11, we blew him off finally. Thank you. Or he'll finally hung up and found a life out there in Portland. Probably. Here's Bointon Beach on a mobile. Hello. Yes. I thought my battery was going to die on you. Yeah. I just want to let you know that some real people up here in Palm Beach County who got some balls in 85 years old who like Blizzard's. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And you're absolutely right about every line being open. I called on four different lines. And everything was right. Well, what was the point of that? Are you a line checker now, is that it? No, I was just, you know, sometimes I think not you, but some radio stations. I'm going to tell you something. When I tell you, because I'm the one I tell you how many there are in date, how many brown. To give the audience an idea of how, you know, what's going on here? I don't sit here and make things up. This is not contrived radio. That's you got the wrong station for that. Oh, I know. It's right. We don't sit here and say if you move quickly, you might get in here when we got every line open. You know, like certain people that try to psych out the audience. Right. I don't think you're a psych out the audience kind of guy. You're just straight up. I'm just a straight guy, right? You're straight up guy. Yeah. You keep going and screw up my taxes. Okay. All right. You first. Okay. We have an open line on the purple line at some mobile one in the out of town line. Or whatever it is, the mobile line at Pond IOD. And we have two in Broward 7679463 767WIOD. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, you know how you doing? Okay. Listen, did you see that movie yet, Donnie Rask? No, I did not. Oh, save yourself, man. I had to walk out of it. I think it was sleep. Well, it rings. Yeah, Adam Adam said it was very weak. Very weak. Oh, oh. What are you doing? There's it. What do you think? Yeah, Pondris. And just talk. Yeah. Pop, pop, pop, pop. Yeah. I heard you talking about it. Do you think I'm like, I got a save on from that. Yeah. Now that it's another godfather wannabe. And everybody's running out there to see that. And the meantime, they should be going to see the godfather and only 95 year old blue hairs are going. I don't understand that. I don't know. It goes to show you that this so called generation X lacks, they don't go to anything unless it's hyped sufficiently. If it has the proper hype, you can manipulate them to go to whatever you want. But unless you're hyped it, right, they just can't be bothered with it. Well, what I don't understand is why won't they put the second movie, which is the better movie to me. You know, right? No way. Oh, yeah. No way. No way. You don't think so? Godfather, two is better than Uno. Yeah. Oh, my god. I can't believe you said that you're going to purgatory now, sir. Oh, man. You're going to be there for a long time. I can want to be better. Huh? You don't like it better. No way. Godfather, one is the definitive, I mean. Oh. But number two is so much. I mean, you understand so much better where they come from and everything, you know. Yeah. I just like. Well, I mean, Godfather, three is the worst maid movie, but it's not the right minute. Wait a minute. No, it was not. It was the worst acting. It was the worst acting. But nevertheless, it had the most important story about the murder of the Pope and the Vatican Banking scandal. But you see, people don't care about the story. All they care about was the Sophie had a big nose, you know, totally know. They're not drinking canoli. Right, exactly. She made a hell of a canoli that Connie, I'll tell you. I tell you, he just flipped down, huh? Yeah. How do you like the way you did? Oh, I was beautiful. I loved it. That was the best acting that Eli Wallock didn't know home movie. It was when he choked on it. It was awesome. It was. That part was good. I loved when he said I have a stone in my shoe and the assassins said, solo una espina. I love that. I like that. That was my first Italian lesson. Solo una espina. I like the part with Apatino says that they should be afraid of a sister. Yeah, they should be afraid of you. Yeah. Notice how there was almost like a comedy routine there. I know. Now they will fear you. Yeah, right. You're going to bring that line back. Okay, bitch. Give me a break. All right, Naomi. Okay. Thanks. I'll save my, I'll save my eyesight. Okay. Thank you. So Donnie Brasco sucks is what everybody generally says, even though the lovely Johnny Depp is in it. Boy, do I need that boy? I used to like Johnny Depp when he was like an actual guy when he was on a show on Zeta, but that was nine years ago. Wayne says it sucks. Wayne said it sucks. Adam said it sucks. Everybody said Donnie Brasco bites the big one. Okay. So whatever you do, stay home. Go see the Godfather. Well, yeah, what else wrong with yous? We have a day lines. Why don't open six, two, two, another very aggravating day here on a Monday. Another very tooth pulling day six to two, W. I.O.D. Two open lines in Broward. 7, 6, 7, 9, 4, 6, 3. They don't care about Marshall Applegate. Apple sauce. They don't care about that. They don't want to deal with the fact that really, and you see the mainstream media are presenting this like, well, they are all just very nice people. They just happen to be led down to Garden Path and Yadiyadiyaya. But this has nothing to do with religion, of course. Right. In fact, this morning on that CBS morning abortion with the five minutes of local cut-in that we wind up, they show about two minutes of the network here of the hour. And the rest of the time is like local cut-ins with the guy with the suspenders. And then, of course, Mark McEwen comes on and the other guy that owes ADS, blow our shorts and you thank the Lord that they're only giving you two minutes an hour of that. And they're going out about there's over two, how many of these say 2,000 in the middle of these cults in America today and over a thousand of them have to do with flying saucers? Which brings us back to another great scene in the Godfather when Carlo went nuts and he was throwing all the saucers in everything. Talking about flying. So remember that? She's throwing all the silverware. She's throwing the dishes. Go ahead, you're getting basted. Go ahead, you spoiled, getting brat. Flying cups and sauce. Right. Flying cups. How do you like that? I got a cup of fatigue just from watching that scene. Dave County, last call for calls in Dave 622Wild. This is useless. This is Miami for you, man. This is this town. Hopeless and lifeless. That is a Dorneal. And now that Easter is gone, you might as well just roll up between now and the what? You're going to be sober between now and Christmas and Khanica forget about it. It's all done. Here's Fairfax Virginia, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Have you heard Bill Henry lately? Can't hear you, sir. Hello. Can't hear you. You got either a bad phone or you got to like buried somewhere. You got to the Arkile Sok on it. Bill Henry. Yeah. Hello. Hello. Can you hear me? Can you hear me? Oh my God, do you believe this? Let's just leave this guy until 2 o'clock in the 90s. Here, easy. Okay, pound. Good luck to you. There's a little thing called a phone Alexander Graham Balls. Okay, go by one. From Fairfax, Virginia on the internet this guy and he's got Phil Henry blasting in the background. God, we sure don't miss him much, do we? Oh, yeah. Two open lines in Broward 7679, 463. Here's Delray on a mobile. Hello. Hey, Neil, that guy must be on top of a pole. I can green acres out there in Virginia. Sounds like it to me. How are you doing? All right. Hey, you got a thanker for the Akins here, but on his about eight, eight months, he lost 26 pounds. Oh, are you still looking like Luke O'Broad Sea, you know? Yeah. But I'm doing a lot better with it. Excellent. Yeah, it's really helped me out. Godfather 1, definitely the better movie. I can't believe, I mean, that guy was doing so well until he got to that point. Yeah. Try to tell me that 2 was better than 1. Yeah, the wife and I are going to go see it probably this weekend. Yeah, it's like to see it on the big screen again. Yeah, bring back the whole army off. Yeah, but I don't go see it. I want people to go see it who've never seen it before. What's the point? Yeah. I've never seen the video eight million times already. I know, it should be. Yeah, the music is just so beautiful on that. You know, if you got the good stereo in the house or crank it up, that's just gorgeous, you know? Yeah. It really is there. Oh. Oh. There's makes my heart cry, Neil. Hey, I got one for you. Whatever happened to a boom from science doll. Whatever happened to him? Yeah, I've got a bad mistake. He moved up to Lake Worth with all the dead people and I think, uh, out of business. Yeah, I got one. There are a couple years ago. A bad mistake of all that. He was in a bad location in Broward. So he goes up to Lake Worth and I try to tell him the median agent Lake Worth is 195. Yeah, when I'm a song twice up there, you know, and uh, boy, he was something else. Yeah, I always had a picture of you in the wall. Yeah, he was he was a great guy, but uh, horrendous bad business man, bad business man, great family, great guy, bad business man. Yeah, a nice guy though. Well, I'm not a material, Neil. Okay, pal. But uh, thanks for your music there. Okay, have a great life. Whatever you say, we have an open line in the mobile one line, the purple line, the pound line, pick it up and pound it. Pound IOD, we pay for it. Two on the out of town lines, including Fairfax Virginia, but don't call me back, please. And one triple eight four seven four nine four six three one triple eight four seven four. How's that market doing? Make it a big comeback. Oh, thank God. Thank the Lord. God can't be bothered with all these people that are off in themselves. And these stupid cuffs, cause he's too busy trying to keep, take care of that delicate balance, which is the world economy. That's all God cares about. Let me first you like the rest of us. That's right. His money money money money. Forget about all this other bull crap. Don't let that Ralph Reed tell you that he cares about anything besides money. It's roll at money and all those for a business. Goi, I'm there. The so-called religious right, who ain't neither. Now down 92.15 the Dow, big recovery cover was down 130 moments ago. I thought we were going to like have to run out of here screaming naked in the streets today. So don't panic, okay. Just relax. Don't be eating low, putting an apple sauce today. Don't go get in your stuff into a sniff rhymes with... The guy is falling. 1127 a WIO day in here. Oh. 610 WIOD. Admission is the first step. If your kids thought the tickle me Elmaldown was a hot toy, wait till you see what we have in store for 1997. The tickle me Elmordown. Hello. My name is Java. tickle me Elmorda toy no child should be without. You can be thick, we can get my wife set. Your kids will have fun with that silly little hunter. I'm gonna get that whammy. You can tickle him everywhere. I'm gonna be doing what's in it, I'll bless you. I'm gonna be doing what's in it, I'll bless you. I'm gonna be doing what's in it, I'll bless you. I'm gonna be doing what's in it, I'll bless you. tickle me Elmord. Hours of fun for your kids. tickle me Elmorda. tickle me Elmorda. New for 97. The arrival of our son, we're in so separately. 1132 WID, why sit at all these religions? It's the sex thing. That's so they're all hung up about that. It's bad, it's evil. And when they're going to serious the reason that they got castrated here is because they eliminate all of that. That's right, get rid of the sex. And now all of a sudden we're pure and wonderful and it's great in boring. Really boring. And by the way, he didn't have cancer. Oh, damn it. Making it just a little more ironic, but like Ted Turner said, I'll ride. Get rid of him. Here's a mobile and keywast. Hello. Yes sir. I need a lot of, I'm gonna wait to keep weft and you're waking up on 1111, my markup. Sorry about that. But I agree with you with Ted Turner. Yeah. I just wanted to ask him, listening to you all along. How come Ted Turner who's like a big hot shot, says something that's very true, but nobody gets upset about it. Nobody got all bent out of shape and called for his ass. Why is that? He can do anything he wants to do. He's the last week. He told his company to do whatever he can do whatever he wants. Of course. Good for him. Good for him. All we started was kind of illiterate but not a bad guy. Exactly. I'm listening to a lot when I'm out here. Excellent. Normally from Palm Beach, but one thing I'm Swedish and I want to, I want to watch those pandas. But if I can, yeah. One thing I don't understand is why they shoot when they have one month man more. I mean, when they, you know, I mean, this is, hey, listen, the last seven power plays. They got seven goals, of course, five for the other team. That's good. Five short hand. Yeah. It's so easy to do. It's just make a box and there's one more left. They don't know how to make a box. That's the problem. If you ever talked to Eddie Jovenoski, you understand, is I cute like that good? You don't know how to make a box. Okay. I said, Eddie, it was a box when he sees one. Okay, pal. Max Andean is God. Thanks. See ya. And boy assuming he too bad either. We're bringing boy assuming back for the leaves and Bill Hewitt. I don't care what that John Shannon says from the CBC. And by the way, no, I still don't have my tapes. Oh, brother. I'm sorry. I think we're going to take John Shannon from the CBC and Michael Mayow, Mosquevitz from the Sun Sentinel and make a match made in heaven. God, all mighty talk about bull crap artists to pop up. Give you a song and a dance. Here's a lady in Davy. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I was at the game on Saturday night. It was so boring. It was way boring. And we had a good seat where we could see Beezer's face. Yeah. He was mad. He was jumping up and down. He screamed and left and right. Probably taking an absolute part to that game. But if you would have been there, I guarantee you would have had a great time. Why? I was sitting between Dave and 2014 and Jose from the pizza loft. No. Yes. Oh, no. Yeah. We brought him to see you. He was talking about nudity and everything. Jose was there. Yep. Oh, my God. If I would have only not known it. He was looking fine. He had a tight black shirt on. A smell real good. And he smelled real good. What did you look at your head under his armpit on? He felt melt. He felt melt. But they, uh, he went down to see you. God, I'm not going to be pressed. First they wouldn't let him in. Yeah. They thought they just wouldn't let him in. I'm going to straighten. You know, they're very nice those, uh, usheres are very nice and they come over before the game. And always ask me the same question to many times, which is the first 500 times should, you know, let them know. And I'd tell them if people want to come over before the game or between pures, I don't mind that. And especially Dave and Jose and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, what's his name Jacob? Yeah. What is wrong with those guys? There are two, but he doesn't count. No. He's that big hairy guy that Dave brought down there. Yeah. We show whatever you say. But anyway, we, we, we, we, so Jose was there and you were there. You were squeezed right in between Dave and Jose, huh? That's right. And you went home with your husband, poor baby. Yeah, well. You're always dream. Yeah. But anyway, we got into a game and you weren't there. Damn it. I don't know what to tell you. I'm turning the clock back now. Thanks for the bad news. All right. Have a great day. Oh, how deep pressing. How deep pressing. I'm there at almost every stinking game. Come on, Dave and two, four, team, get with it. We have an open line in date, 629463, a parent, Broward 767 Wild. The out of town of worldwide web, the Palm Beach lines. One trip, a late 4, 7, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. So like she said, what the hell would there be to talk about that game? One nothing, Tampa on a short handed goal by the lovely Rob Sam and her early in the game. Tommy fits cereal ties it up with a minute, 25 to go in regulation. And they wind up with a one-one tie against a very mediocre team. In a snoozer, snoozer rhymes with loser and cruiser and booser. Oh, and if guy up in 124, they're the rat man. I'm telling you, we're going to get his ass. We're going to get the rat man before the season before the playoff start. We're going to straighten his ugly ass out. Here's Fort Lauderdale on a mobile. Hello. Yeah, I'm doing the deal. Okay, sir. I want to thank you first of all for turning me on through the Atkins thing. Three pounds, two months. How great. Sounded in two months. That's outstanding. No, there's one question. I know you're still doing it, but I know you're still doing it. Yeah, who said I'm still doing it? I'm still doing it. I'm just big as a house. I'm just big as a stadium. But are you still doing the Atkins thing? Yeah, right. Are you? No, I'm not. Oh, you're not. Oh, why? Because I fell off the wagon. Okay, question. Yeah. I can't get the strips to get dark. What do I mean? I can look at a car about high-grade and I can't get the damn strips to get dark. I can't get dark. I ask you a question. Absolutely. You're losing weight. You're feeling great. You're doing good. Oh, forget about the strips. Okay. I'm just going to tell you about it. Well, I've kind of tapered off the line. I'm not losing much weight. Lean on, and I'm really being good, man. 32 pounds in two months in your fetching. Well, I was pretty big. I was 248. Just keep doing it. Just keep doing what you're doing. Okay. You're obviously doing it right. Hey, listen. You got a great show. The only way to improve it. But I realize why you got to do it. You got to take all these stupid sports calls. You got to feel material for four hours. So I understand that. But like you say, nobody knows the damn thing. And when you're going to start talking sports, and I'm a reasonably intelligent person. I don't know what the hell's going on. But I know you got to do it. Meaning what? Well, I don't know. It's just wish you could feel it with something else other than talk about sports. When you run, you know, get people like me to run on a maturation. So I shouldn't talk about sports? No, no, no. It's a true case. It's a percentage of why. How much, how much have I talked about sports today? I mentioned, I mentioned that. I missed a game the other night. And this woman just called. And the only sports he was talking about was having her head stuck under Jose's armpit, which is a good sport to me. What's wrong with that? What's wrong with that? I'm not in general. Okay, pal. Have a great day. Get a new phone. Oh, that's it. Yep. Okay, we have two open lines in bright. I love those cell phones. Man, I love them. They're my favorite. 767, 9463, 767, WIOD. We have an open line in date, 622. We got to Palm Beach, the other town lines. One triple eight, 474, 9463, 1 888, 4774, WIOD. Donnie Brasco, suck save your money. Don't go see it. Go see Godfather one. It's great. Go see the Godfather for your father. For your father. For your father. Right? That was Enzo the Baker. For your father. For your father. That's why we stand in there with his hand and his thing. Pretend you have a gun. That's right. You look like a tough guy. Like a real tough fruit cake cake maker. Here's Papeno. Hello. Papeno. Papeno. With the radio turned up. Hello. Yes. That's a very old car. Turn the radio off, Larry. And get the suck out of your mouth. Yes. Okay. Larry. Larry. What do you have over the phone? Nothing. You got your hand over the phone? No. It sounds muffled. I don't know why. Yeah, bad phone. Yeah. Go ahead, Larry. You got a phone. I don't know why. Yeah. Yeah. He did a great job on the back of my house. And jizzy's great. Yeah. He's a good job. He always does a great job on the back side, right? Yeah. That's easy. That's easy. He's a real good painter. He is. He's the best. I just want to call you. You know. He did a good job on the back side. Okay. Thanks, Larry. Easy. Good job. Larry's got a crappy phone. He sounds like Gilbert and Dreg. We have an open line in date 62. 2. We got 2 and Broward 7. 6. 7. 7. 7. We got 2. We got 2. What's up? What's up? How's it going? Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello. I'm calling for the second time. All right. You are God. Yes. You're God. Yes. And my wife is going on the street. I can call because she hates you like boys. Why would she explain that to me? What is it with the humorless women? What is her problem? She's from Jacksonville, South Carolina. So she's a redneck is at it. Exactly. That's big. First of all, I live in the candle and my cable was out for the first two pairs of the hockey game. Yeah, I think I was lucky. Probably sounds like it from these reports I'm getting. They can't give me reports about the highlights because they weren't any. Exactly. Except for the one goal, that was nice. But of course you knew that they were going to tie it. You did? I think. You know, it's not losing. Yeah. Well, anyway, this and I have a few questions. You play two cards. You used to that are quite interesting. One with the guy. I think one of them is and the other one is those are the ones. Those are great. But this one actually says the guy who says you were once a feast. Yeah. What's that all about? Who was that? This was some jackass who was making a speech at one of these right to life things. What are these anti-abortion fanatics? And he was everybody who was for abortion was at one time themselves at feast. And that's enclosed all of you out there. You're one for feasting. Yeah. So we thank you Mr. President and now in a will be served. Yeah. What do you expect from us right to life thanks to zero I'm saying? That's great. It's beautiful. Then the other one was with Fat Hank. He says he wasn't his word. He was his pedophile. Yeah. It's about not know what that you're talking about. This is weird. Not his pedophile. Thanks God a thing for Batman. Yeah. Yeah. New you're the greatest. Okay pal. Yeah. John to your a douchebag. Okay. Have a great life. Center back where she came from. Okay. Okay. Bye bye. Two open lines of day. Six two two WIOD. All three and Broward. Seven six seven. A worst Monday and recent recollection. I'll tell you that because it's today after Easter after the Easter holiday. And I'm sitting there talking about the Marshall Apple White Apple gate and the fact that he was a fact number one. Number two they were almost all of them cast rated number three and number four had done Adam says Danny Broward's ghost still sucks. 1142 at WIOD. Let me tell you about a place that don't suck and that's Mike's cigar. If you like to suck on a good cigar. If you like to put just a sit back, put your feet up on a desk. That's the way to do it. Sit back. Take your shoes off. Take your socks off. If you like if there ain't nobody around. Take a nice big one and pop it in your post. And just sit and puff away with a big smile on your face. That's what life is all about. A little relaxation, a little bit of pleasure. And every kind of great imported premium cigar from all over the world. They got him at Mike's cigars. You like Italian cigars. They got Italian cigars that are so Italian that they're made in the USA. That's what it says in the book. They got Hugo Csar. They got Hugo Csar. They got Hugo a winner holder. They got Victor Hugo. They got La Finca made in the Nicaragua made by hand in the cigars too. They got La Dilegencia made in or that Dilegencia. Sorry, made in La Repblica Dominicana by a bunch of real slime balls. They got every kind of cigar you've ever heard of and I'll guarantee you many that you never heard of but we'll love to try at Mike's cigars. If you're really getting into cigars like everybody in their brother is now, you got to go over and see this amazing place. There's no place like it anywhere. There are 10 30 cane concourse in Bay Harbor. They're open daily till 6 tonight and every Monday and Thursday late till 9. And if you want the brand new winner catalog, you know how it works. So you got to do this pick up the phone and they'll whip it out to you in the mail. It's just loaded with all kinds of great stuff in date call 866-2277. That's 866-2277 from date from outside of date toll free from anywhere. It's 1-800-96244-271-800-96244-271. The best in the universe it's Mike cigar. 610 WIOT. Hey, Neil. Fuck you. Who is so much man ready to save it? Party. I got to feel that party party. Who is? Touch this party party. Who is? I said party. You got to touch this party party. Who is here? Oh, party. All right. Who party? Who yeah? Tom Cruise. He wants to be a macho man. Making bad venos with your cold kid man. Duncan Boots in the morning. Go, Tom Go. Don't lose it now. You better go slow. He's on top because he's a macho man. And of course, he's put it in. Hey. Hey. Hey. Don't fall out. Man. You got to leave it in. Don't fall out. Man. You got to leave it in. Macho macho man. Tom Cruise was the... How much man? Macho macho man. Boy yeah. He wants to be a macho man. Who yeah? Who's his breath? Okay, 11 48 at W. I.O.D. We got all the Broward lines open. 7679463. We got 48 open lines a day. You continue pumping and pushing and praying and hoping that anybody. And then Adam was just telling me about his experience of the game on Saturday. And about the fact that there were not only in 124, but now was 204 to 05, 205. Another bunch of assholes up there in that section who are starting the same thing. See, the monkey seem monkey do it because they don't understand what's going on. So if somebody else starts something that they think knows something like the rat man, all these assholes start doing the same thing. And they're all mocking at the end. And until a minute and a half left of the game, Darren Pup has got a shoutout going through the Tampa. And there are Pup! They're mocking him and he's playing a great game. See, they just... they don't get it. They're just doing under... they's zigg when they're supposed to zag. And they zigg palpy when they're supposed to... you know what I'm saying? They don't get it. They don't understand it. And nothing I do where say is going to change that. Here's a lady in Vointin' Beach. Hello. Hey, be real. Yes, man. Oh, I had to get that. Neil, oh, I forgot what I was going to say. Oh my god. I'm from Charlotte, North Carolina, and I adore you. Yes? What's not to like? I don't know the lady from Jacksonville, North Carolina couldn't stand you. Too bad, let her blow it out of race. I've been to do it North Carolina believes me. Yes, it does. And I love your attitude this morning. Yeah, about what? I don't know. You're just back to the sweet, wonderful Neil. It seems like the last week and a half or so. You've had a different like attitude. Well, I do. Last week and a half. I'm in the driver seat now, sweetheart. Well, you just... I got my destiny in my hand. You sound wonderful. Yeah. Too bad the audience has said you're a bunch of deadheads. You know what? I'm having the time of my life. And these people are like, they're all waiting to drink the cool aid. You put us all in the good news. What time do we pass the pudding out is what they're waiting for? The ones that love you. God, if we could just bring bust loads of new people out of this town, this could be paradise. You know what? If we just bring some living and breathing people out of this deadheads town. I love you. Okay, sweetheart. Bye. Bye bye. My now. Too open lines of day. 6, 2, 2, 2, W, I, O, D, one at Broward. 7, 6, 7, 7, W, I, O, D, two on a green lines of Palm Beach lines. The other town lines. I'm, I'm doing it. I'm on top of the world. I'm singing a song. I'm rolling along. I was here this morning with my check. Which he was so, uh, she was so far tumult this morning. She hands me a paycheck. I opened it up and she's wandering down the hall. I look at it. And it was like, uh, Adam, not Adam, uh, our Adam. Like, what other Adam do we have working here, by the way, in the building? Not here. Somebody I never heard of. So, wasn't even for an Adam in this building? Right. How do you like that? And it was like for about $1.75. I said, hey, Wendy, Ron, check. As I followed it on the hall, tackled it right there in the middle of the kitchen and said, Give me the right checks, we'd art. Okay, here you go. But other than that, I mean, what the hell, what more could you want? What could you possibly want more than that? Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. I got mixed emotions about the spectators. I call them instead of fans over there in the, Chronic. Chronic. Chronic. Chronic. Chronic. I can't get a ticket for nothing. Yeah. No, you didn't really have to pay for it. It's pretty hard to get a ticket for nothing. I don't mind paying for it. I like what my name is thinking. What do you think I press fans for nothing? Yeah, right. What you got on this board and he is. When you got these guys in the only spectators that go there, it's incredible. That's why they start with the poop bottle. But they have no idea what it's like to be a fan of anything. Right. But at least they're consistent. At least they're consistent. Yeah, you're right there. J.B. Brown. He was one of the best. What are we going to do without him? Okay. Get out of here. Two open lines in day six two two Wild. Two and Brad. We're going to be doing music from noon to two ladies in gentlemen. Welcome to our new Wild format. Walter Wall. We're doing it. So tonight we got Brooke from six to nine. I think tonight's like the official last week was just a warm-up. The night and midnight we got Kathy. Okay. Karen. Karen. Karen. With passion clones. Now tonight is she going to talk about something different. She's doing Walter Sabo. Please do it, Karen, because everybody tells me you're a wonderful person and they love you profusely and they're pulling for you and praying for you, etc. and so on. So we want you to do a bang up. I mean, a real solid fantastic great job for else. So that's tonight nine to midnight. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I was one of my favorites to take on tonight's game with the ping with the net. What does that mean? My take on the game. What does that mean? Well, what you think about it and the fact that we'll be planning against our former teammates, William, and two Barnes. Yeah. And I was just wondering in your opinion, do you think we should rather you'd rather see the ping with you in the first round of the Rangers? Now that Yagres back out on all, they played a pretty good game on Saturday. All of a sudden with him back he had two assists and Mario had two assists and they're it's hard to figure them. It's really hard to figure them out. Okay. I also wanted to go. But I still say I'd rather play them because they got no defense. We might actually be able to score some goals on him. Whereas if Richter gets hot with those Rangers, look out. You know, I sound agree with the German. I just called before you know, you know, it's hard enough to get a ticket right here, especially with all these people who jump on the band wearing whatever they win. But you know, leave some tickets for the real fans for those who support the team when they won't. They lose on the way all the paraphernalia. Right. That's his spectators. Amen. All right. And back to you. All right. Well, let's get somebody's phone is out of there that don't even know what they're going on. Just to stand there and have everybody see that there there. You know what I'm saying? Like the silver fox. There's a good example. Just stand there and is anybody looking at me? You're looking my big ring. I'm very impressive. Here's my silver hair. And I'm a real hot shot. I'm a very important guy. And I got passes to the to the big team box there. Whatever it is. Who cares? Nobody cares. We didn't come there to see you. They're all there looking. It's like the old luck I said before. The women with the main coach that used to come in Toronto and Montreal and sitting the first three or four in the luxury seats. Oh, look here. I am. Here I am. I don't know what's going on. But I'm here with my main coach. Same thing. Let's get some main coach for somebody's guys. Dave County. Okay. Let's get the music ready here. Okay. We go on these. Okay. Get the music ready. From noon to two. Because it's really grim. The man is working his brains out. He's doing everything. But drinking a cyanide and cool it and taking the jello putting pops on here. And these bastards still don't care. You can't get a rise out of these people for a lover money. Here you go. Last call of the day. It's up to you folks like Rick Nelson would say if he could be here to say it. Six two two. W I O D. Any other facts out there that you have a crush on Rick Nelson. Let's hear it. Six two two W I O D in date. Broward County. Two big open lines there. Like a big gaping wound. Like a big oozing sore. 7679. 463. What is it? 767 W I O D. As the man once again desperately tries to beat life into this town. We should have played a tape today. If you would have just called me at home and said Ron and Ron are on tape today. Because they worked on a Friday. What am I a chop liver? How come we didn't play a tape today? We worked on a Friday. Worked our ass off had a great time here on Friday. I think. Here's Miami. Hello. No. Yes sir. I do not. Okay. I'm doing great. The audience sucks. I'm doing great. The audience bites. That's good to know. Yes. I am. I'm walking through the house earlier today and my mom's listening to a Spanish radio station. Papa Papa Papa. Yeah. How come they can see the shot word but you can't. Because the FCC figures they leave Malone. If you're leaving Malone, it came off a banana boat. They don't know any better. Can I see the Spanish shot word? No, you cannot. You cannot say me or down the air sir. Say, how go into my days what they were saying. They can have some, some former uniform laws here for every language. Right. Amen. And for their uniforms too. They're the goose stepping uniform right okay No, tell your mother to get with the 20th century and stop live it in a stone age I love you too, buddy, you know, she can't keep up sometimes like I said give her a big kiss for me all right I stick at your me this bye bye Okay, here we go two open lines in day. We're gonna give you like 30 seconds and that's it 622 W-Y-O-D and day we got two open lines there. We got one in Broward 767 We got the green lines. You out of town lines. It's strictly up to this audience Whether they're capable of like having a little verbal intercourse or not That's where it's all about I'm not gonna sit here and do a monologue for four hours I'm a dot ring old fart, okay? I'm not gonna sit here, bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap I could every single day we could just yank the phone right out of here But that's not what it's all about that's not what they're paying me the big bucks to talk to a bunch of goofballs every day And we can't get them out of there on Monday impossible impossible I'll wait I'll wait till hell freezes over how do you like that damn it? I'll wait till god shan god changes his name damn it to Carimad dual that was the first one that was the one that started all this crap was Muhammad Ali and Carimad dual jibbar with all these stupid Idiotic names There are the ones that started now we got a Sharif and Raoul and all the other Raoul what does that got to do with it? Well, I don't know he's in there too We got names that haven't been invented yet god sham god and people are sitting around like it So that's the way things are supposed to be They ought to be like they ought to be sitting there like falling and they're falling all over each other and laughter when this guy's out there Here's a guy whose name is god ever here anything so stupid Exactly, I rest my case I'm gonna you know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna legally change my name not to Neil Rogers. I never did that. I'm gonna change my name too. Oh good. Why not? Would that be impressive on a credit card or what? Well, thank you, Mr. God you're welcome my child Wouldn't that be great going to hotel give me your credit card? It says right on a credit card. Oh good. I was wish my name was he Zeus that way I'd be Jesus Rodriguez Mia kind of rhymes what if God was my middle name in my last name was Damn What would that make my name? Well, we'll think about it. We have an open line still in date We're working on your fever. Sleep we're beaten you were pounding you were big and we're pulverizing we're wrapping it. We're tapping it You think I really care of course not I don't give a crap who cares who cares? It's the same old town It's the same old place like going on vacation and coming back and expecting that somebody with an ugly stick Touched this town and turned a miracle here. It ain't gonna it ain't gonna not gonna happen It ain't gonna happen boys and girls. It's not gonna happen. This is Miami This is the home of dead people and illegal aliens period end of conversation Did I say 1158 that I mentioned on this is Eli again. What are we gonna do about that little puts Eli? I say strapping to a board with Michael Mayo and just beat the crap out of each other strapping together on two gigantic boards on two racks and just turn like on a spit like a hog on a spit And put them over a slow roasting flame the two of them together Strap on your two belt. We've got work to do 16 U-I-O-D Miami Fort Laudered in I got nothing with the Panthers are ready What the hell those are baseballs is a big end on here? Why I what's the matter Bill? I want to give to the sperm bank but with my busy schedule What about weanie express weanie express isn't that for a hot dog? You kid no, it's new from federal overnight services next day nut nectar and for the price of penthouse and a wet nap Hey, where you going? Jump on the weanie express. Hey mind if I tag along you got to make it a positive too No Weanie express from federal overnight delivery when your seat has got to be their absolutely positively overnight great service No jerking around 1203 a W-I-O-D happy Monday to the market is down 127 and a half points after a little bit of a comeback now. It's really sliding all you fire fighters out there can relate to the market today It's sliding down and they don't even have a grease up yet. It's sliding the hard Okay, here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello Hey Neil yes sir. Mow green. Yeah, I had to flap afraid all around He was doing all the cocktail later says Yeah, well, I know I want to see the guy father yesterday down in Miami. Yes, sir and it was good. It was about half full and there was It was half full. It was half full and he afternoon met NAY It was living and breathing people and there was that plus 100 so yeah, it was yeah a mixed group in area But it was only half it was only half full. It was half full. It was the man It was Easter everybody was at church Neil you got oh God All that going were a church They were praying. Yeah for what More pudding They were playing for the spaceship Okay pal Take the gun Eat the canoli. That's what she said. That's what she told Eli Wallik take the gun eat the canoli in your case We have all the brow lines open 7679463 767 Wiod On a bitch of a mundane man, and you know something this when you sit here and you look at this phone It's the most accurate reflection of what's going on in this town. I mean deadly It is just you can walk outside right now I don't care whether you're like in market with you don't even candle I don't care if you're like in sweet water just walk outside right now and take a like that and you can smell the death in the air You can smell it you can actually see it You could cut it with your butter knife Do you hear that What is that Rat no no seriously, but this do you hear that of course I do And I'm wondering why this sounds so funky here today What is that you're not doing that? I'm doing it, but I mean why why is it like doing that? It doesn't ordinarily do that. I I found all my microphone every day this way and it doesn't make those sounds Oh, there is something there is a funguous among you as man guess who we haven't seen today by the way I don't want to mention his name, but how about his buzz? Oh, there you go Open line of date six two two all three and Howard seven six seven W-y-o-d here's Miami on a mobile hello. How you doing? Okay? I got a couple things for you. Yes, I'm long overdue vote. I like to do it guys Really do okay. I'm happy for you. It's my opinion. If you're happy. I'm happy. There you go I have no comment. I went to the game bow by way the people talking about not being able to get tickets Yeah, I have found the sure fire way to get Santa Pettacica's a good one Okay, they don't hear because then it won't be yeah don't do it. That'll be like my going on here and touting the Emerald coast and then being real sorry I did it exactly the last 10 times I've tried I've got to take it for my first try. I was gone, pal excellent But I went to the game Saturday and Some idiots of course, Santa Pettacica way up there some idiots sitting in the very back row Couple sections over from me with their faces all painted Passing bears back to whole game. Yeah, no matter what was going on on the ice if we were if there was scoring chance No matter what was going on there Yeah, there's holes morons I understand it. I don't and the guy up to like you said up to the point of minute 25 left He was pitching a shut up right he was pitching it Probably pitching a fit but I swear I use one of your lines in the in the stadium when I got really His ball everybody started back enough It was like when we had three consecutive shots right at him right that point blank Yeah, I like I said man these guys could score Kathy Willa's house right now and it was drumming They had good chance Yeah, they had good chances to get that bucket man They just couldn't stick it in it couldn't they could not stick it in I couldn't believe it And I hear the rumor that Eddie got benched a Saturday night. That's the one where I'm hearing Eddie Eddie Yeah, it's rock us both be back to mine They they're just holding them out. I don't know. I don't know they're waiting for uh to be I absolutely sure I guess I don't know how you ever absolutely sure Because he's re he's repold that thing like three times now Right, we don't want to see him pulling it All right Neil. I'm a lot of go. I'm glad you had a great time I had a good time buddy. Okay, bye bye. See ya. Yeah, there's something wrong with this this thing is like do you hear that? And even when you do that it's like tinny Boy, there is something really uh f-dupped up in this joint today. Hey, but it's a technical thing don't get started on that The tip off on the technical prowess around this joint is that Ron and Ron were on tape this morning And about half of the especially when they had the guest on on the phone it was like the whole gang was like We're seeing him roll out the barrel As we can barely understand what the hell was going on two open lines in day six two two nine four six three six two two W-I-O-D our pull question today is is there anybody alive in his town of wait doing putting in the apple sauce Two open lines in Broward 767 W-I-O-D Here's Kendall. Hello Yes, how are you okay? You were out of town so you didn't get to see a movie that Louise me got made when you was about 14 or five I've already seen that that's a movie for pedophiles. He looks like a little girl in that movie And you saw you had seen it all right, right? Yes somebody gave me that and I looked at about five minutes And then I said who what kind of pervert gave me this? Does he look like a little girl in that movie? He does he looks like the little that kid who could use a play on ages enough a little kid Remember with the short cut that he had the same short cut will he aims? Oh, I don't know what's his name Will he aims no no, it's eight isn't enough that's the show will he aims was on eight is enough When he was the youngest kid. Yeah. Well, I don't know. Oh, well, I don't know either But he looks like him with the hair cut and everything So if you've already seen it I thought he looked more like Christy McNickle on a bad day To tell you the truth yes, what I got in his tooth. Yeah, again By the way, the good news is Joe Rose got his gap feel and his teeth too Did he have enough force in the fillet? Yes, in fact we had to take three latrines to do the job You know how it is you already think so okay pal Have a great day. Bye. Okay. We have day lines. Why there's something with this thing even the cord like The stuff this is really bizarre. I'm afraid to touch anything in here. I think any second this place is gonna blow oh it already blows Day lines are open six two two nine four six three six two two W-y-o-d Broward line seven six seven W-y-d as this man continues Headily making an attempt here today. I'm working on it God And and listen now now I'm like I better do this. I better take this you think so. We'll switch with the other mic Switch it with what other way. Oh the one that needs suds seat Okay, one moment please Yeah, this thing's got a some kind of disease. Oh, yeah, but this one you got to like Unscrew this whole thing this could take like hours This could take the rest of the show so like I said good idea to want it real hard just see I got it. Oh And I don't think you can do that on this now this one this is not one of those just pull it It doesn't I'm telling you it doesn't work this is not one of those that does that It's got the little d-leather you have to press and then it pulls off there you go One moment please You know Rogers is a set of microphone there he goes how's that? Is that better? Oh much oh yeah, yeah, there's something wrong with this microphone That half a show I done here today with a microphone that's malfunctioning and nobody even knows about it Yeah, now the court. Yeah, there's like a shortened that thing It's like a short thing now we're talking now. It sounds like a real show in here in the audience It's only you know what we're not getting no response they can't listen back now. It sounds like a show God dang it As in Damn We have two open lines in date six two two. Oh, yeah, this sounds more like me now There have been one really been scratching their heads. I've been scratching everything They like a dog doing a flea number this morning What the hell's wrong with that thing? It sounds like real funky man. There's something wrong with w i would it It sounds like broken down that microphone. I think the anti crisis had his testicles a tentacles on it He'd be touching it Somebody's been in here didlin this weekend. I bet you know something he denies it He always denies it, but there's somebody that comes in his joint like on a weekend There lots me. I don't want to mention any names I don't want to suggest it was the same guy who defaced that beautiful picture of right pressman over there at the Iod the packs and headquarters, but somebody comes in here on a weekend and there we come in here on monday and like everything is on gauddittled That's right. It's on gauddittled and ice gauddittled and I think I know who it is But I'm not gonna mention no names on a year Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello Yeah, sir. Yeah, I just want to you like Ricky Martin if I like him yeah, two-faggy for me sir How about a chajan who? Chajan that's the other spig next to you he knows what is I don't know who that is oh he doesn't chajan Yeah, he's he thinks like you know like Like the other guy, I like Flavio Caesar man. There's a guy Flavio, you know who that is? You don't know Flavio, say sir No, no, so it would make you kind of I'm not I'm Colombian. No, no, he is I said all right. Oh, oh the soi. Well, I mean, yeah, I'm a Mexican right All right, I don't know my soy from my beans. Yeah, okay pal Okay, but you okay. There's another recubin of a Colombian flag right there Or he better not go back to Bogota. He gonna get it down there. They're not too big on fags in Colombia. I'll tell you that or in La Repblica do many kind of off of its head Unlike in Braville where even the straight guys are a little swishy We have two open lines in date six to two to and brought my apologies profusely for performing half the show here with a broken down microphone that we didn't realize until it started making all kinds of guttable sounds I think the fix is in you know what I'm saying? I think there's something really Stinks in Denmark you can almost smell it over here 12 14 a w i o d 16 y o d just for snack time anymore I got you down Oh Hi, I'm Aaron Summers and you know what you got me talking The passion phone Tell me the story about how you got flown. I got you down. I like it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow Oh Tell you what smart before I hang up the phone. I got you down. All right The lines are jammed up. Yeah, there isn't a doubt Call up and tell me what it's all about. I got you down Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow I'll tell you one more before I hang up the phone. I got you down I got you down I got you down I got you down I got you down Here on the show there's a new topic each night Who'd you have sex with with a blacker through the right? I got you down Yeah, yeah, holy cow Oh Tell you what smart before I hang up the phone. I got you down don't forget passion tones Night of Midnight tonight with the Karen K following Brooke Brooke Daniels there you go. It's 12 18 at W. I O. D. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Yes, sir. How are you doing today sir sensational sir commustie? The end you say the senior. He's so hey. Oh, I'm honest money all hey. Yeah, have a question cut it up. Yes Before I left because I left the town I heard that you're having problems with a packed-in people So it about your contract I was having problems. I was having problems with home with Well, action Pack-in yeah, and what whatever care about that whatever came with wow I beg your pardon they wanted you to sign something was a last thing I heard and I didn't do it I did two two things I did not sign one was that the language thing and the second one was the contract Okay, so what's going on so I'm here No, I'm have a very nice check in my pocket. I my present contract still is an existence It's still enforcing it So they're still up in the year as far as if you're gonna keep going out just look look straight up in the air. You'll see him All right, good luck man. Okay, and give him a bow all right Okay, I'm in the driver seat. I'm driving the bus okay everybody to the rear especially all you are illegal aliens We have two open lines in date 6 2 29 463 6 2 to all the darkies and illegal aliens way in the back of the bus Thank you We have two open lines and brought on you limpristed queens way way in the back what you're used to that I guess 767 9463 767 I said the way in the back not in the rear. Okay, just don't get carried away Or they could write on top. Let's hear about all those bags and soft beach okay who are down there doing it? They're really doing it That facts I had on Josh Moore by the way was from a thing from a website on the internet about models and stuff Which I would give the website out, but we don't want to get overloaded and the site either Oh She's thank god when I didn't need lunch today. They got nude gingrich on CNN and the market by the way is is Take it a big crap today. Just don't worry about it. Just just keep going on you don't got no stuck anyway In fact, if you don't have even one share of any kind of stock You want to have a big smile on your post right now saying hey, I do dummies. Yeah, that's right You don't have to worry about the stress just take your money and put it under a mattress Just put it in a piggy bank. Who doesn't have stock? You have stock? I have a 401k money market account And then we a money market account. I'm talking about I'm talking about Individual crap right. Oh, God now or even mutual funds Is your money market fund isn't a mutual fund? I got that I don't know where it is To trend when you're dealing with a month this when you're dealing with such Gargantuan amounts is you're dealing with what difference does it make? What's a few thousand here in air? Just like that Wayne stocked by the way, which is in the toilet 32 and something on Friday Thank God they were closed on for Easter for whatever that would good Friday. Thank the Lord You see he has a method in his madness. That's why we all had to take Friday off or we're supposed to because if the market would have been open on Friday It would be two 300 points lower than it already is but believe me. It's making up for a long time It's dropping like a gigantic bowling ball from the Empire State Building Here's Bointon B. Chilo Yes, sir, there's time call a long time listener. All right. How you doing great first one? I'm glad that you're live today I'm sick and tired of hearing all these clips show is it about how much tape maybe too much tape killed the radio Right Donnie Brassquip Yeah, that's what we hear. Donnie Brassquip sucks. Don't waste your money folks We're saving your money right here. Do not go get sucked into that piece of direct Yeah, I was at the I know how you feel about basketball how they're but you're directly altered monkeys I didn't say that sir you said that Well, whatever. I did not say that neither did David Halberstein you said it was this Michael Mayo I'm a one of phone. I think doing a voice Anyway, I was at the game right now. Well, was it Friday and they aren't they were given after you little high drawn things Yeah, I know that you are hot their products all the time I know how could you try and equip with their products. Yes. I am very very impressed good Very good stuff. Yeah, you slather it Yeah, I'm smearing it all over good. Just keep smearing it all right. Yeah, can you do me a favor? Can you play Neil God? I might and can I call someone at this bank? Yeah, Richard I'm not a man of your at there. You're human Was I didn't hear you see we like put your sock over the phone at the wrong time Yeah, Richard Markle Bono And Ricardo Monto, Bono too All right, you have a good day Neil and back to you. All right, bye. Take your Chrysler New Yorker and Jamad By the way speaking of that new Corvette which I do have it back by the way I'm pissed off about that radio and you know something the a delco bows blows thing I was talking about last week They had changed it it was still delco bows the last few years and the radio was great It isn't so much that it's delco bows. It's this particular whatever General Motors decided to do and now all the GM cars even that lumina had that oh Why did they do that The radio in my Corvette I wouldn't wish it on Mark Kony I would wish it on Mike Disney that's how bad that radio is it's a piece of direct I would wish it on the people that just bought surf Oh, I'm sorry they're right up here in the front of the building or the rose Bob and Bob Rose and it Ed Tom and Billy Bob oh that's right Billy Bob is doing the news and Bob Rose he'd be buying a radio station To open lines and what's he talking about? I don't know I have no idea all I know is that the magic marketing people just bought surf for like three billboards It's a big stage. It's part of the Paxon stable ride we believe you how's that planet took How come and by the way how's that WPL all coming how's that 85th morning show coming on a planet? They're really doing it over there baby. Are they up to a point five yet? No Here's Tamarack hello Tamarack yeah, yes sir. Neil. How you doing great? Hey how's the weekend all right fantastic all right Senior. I'm not an o. Huh excellent Excellent great Neil. I just got to tell you story. I was in you ever go to China garden in waterhill China garden. Yeah, no no. It's a oil. You can eat buffet place Chinese place Yeah, and I was there a couple weeks ago and the sky went up five times So about this plate is big these Jew would bald head big bald Jew yeah big fat bald Jew yeah You want a five times You believe that yes, oh, of course. I do unbelievable. I told you the Emerald coast buffet last Sunday I go in there. There's a table full of people unfortunately my audience and the guy comes over and says oh There's the guy that got me into a be a hockey fan. You know he's got a big panther and xx L t-shirt on and these people are sitting there the median weight of the I mean there were you know Nice people but the median weight was like 600 pounds If they it's a miracle they didn't put that place out of business in one sitting Exactly Great okay How about those sanders thanks for the good news Okay, they're all out of material two calls left on the board so I say it's time for The things you what what What do you give me a look like that voice to men? What do you think this is some kind of a fag album on playing here now must be no You don't know who that is? Oh my god. I thought you knew a little bit about music. I do that's why don't recognize that yeah For you I would do anything for you I would do anything That's my new dough No, no, no, I only wish Looks like boys to men from here yeah 3-t Same difference without Michael of course We're gonna play this till 2 o'clock or until we get 400 calls whichever comes Yeah, brings me back to that day when I was sitting there in Europe somewhere in Rome and Berlin or wherever Watching at a great video that music video channel I got over there which is 85,000 times better than MTV Lever Dream of being I think was an Italy and There was that video by 3-t and I just said holy crap. What is that how can you know And then I come back here and I get somebody sent me this somebody actually sent this and they look pretty a growth test gone here So maybe the video was either doctored or maybe this is doctored because the public can't stand it Course Michael is a jealous one of the other maybe they didn't put an out Subtu folks. It's been a rough-go man two and a half hours with a bad microphone with a broken piece of equipment With a broken down bunch of audience out there that just can't get their act together Just can't make up their mind to get with it six to two W-I-O-D and Dade two open lines in Broward 767 9463 Whatever happened to the days when we had our friendly folks out there whatever happened to Paul Harvey Jr Whatever happened to the not slandily he was busy doing everybody's taxes right now Whatever happened all our good pizons out there in radio land. They used to carry it up to send their very best Which was a much but it was something Paul Harvey Jr. Call it earlier to say that boon bent went back to Thailand But he didn't go on here. Well, thank you so much for the good news He wise up and he went back where he came from great family like I said great guy. We miss him, but man. They just Oh, what a disastrous business man. He picks the worst location. He went to Lake Worth with Thai food, okay? That's like taking lots of balls and going to the Arctic Circle And I'm wondering how come they're so hard 1227 a W-I-O-D those Eskimo is man ever wonder why they're so hard all the time 610 W-I-O-D Okay 1232 an honor with the Marlon season which opens tomorrow a norm can't just call it and invited me to go to the Marlon's opener against the cups tomorrow and I said I don't think so Welcome to Florida, Jim Leeland and guess what nobody cares about Facebook And he can get the consumer with the plate in his brain All right Just walk away with it We can't stand you managing the Marlon's mobile Your brothers and sisters back home Oh, you have no sense in it Oh my god, all that way You can 1233 W-I-O-D we got a microphone that works right now. What's that's gonna do you better start to scouring the building at him? Or so it's gonna sound like he's vibrating. Oh, he will be Because we only got one though. I guess maybe we can use that one and something because this is Amazing and guess what somebody with the mustache ain't here today. Oh, it's right. It's uh Eastern number two. Sorry Here's earlier. What? He was here this morning. Didn't come by and say hello to me Didn't come by and wish me a great day Didn't come by here and ask if we had any free food or we knew we didn't here's the West Palm on a mobile. Hello Yes, sir. Thank God happy Monday to Lord and thanks a virgin Mary. We have you on the radio. Yes, sir God bless me The Rick and saw show yeah, anyways, they figured out the plot behind the world far We'll try together the half a last month. Yeah, all that money was going to the Virgin Mary up there in Orlando Tampa wherever the hell was knowing clear water and clear water right man you're gonna be in purgatory if you don't get a right And she's on a side of a bank building. Yes They're sending to happen in LA The guys couldn't afford a sex change So that's what they ended up doing a fascinating themselves when it doubt cut it out Yeah, and guess what he didn't have cancer All request 30, but can I get a request for you? Yes, good. I get jack in the box The bit or the you got it. Thank you. Okay, get a new phone. Okay, I'll get a phone in the box. Okay, but what a bad phone Oh, we're on our plan. Is there we we're not playing this? I plan Hey, how the hell are you? Great. Welcome to jack in the box. I'm jack now. Be happy to fill your order You know what I mean I'd like a jack burger in a large fries. Sorry, now we're cleaning the grease fryer We don't have any french fries today. Okay, the just give me a smaller to a fries please Look, Chief, maybe you didn't hear me and I said we don't have any Fries today, so I'm at something else Okay, then just give me an order of fries Listen up, hell, who put the straw and straw berry did you do that's right nature did No put the apenate brocott Nature does right nature did now listen carefully who put the freak in french fries There ain't no freak in french fries That's what I've been trying to tell you but breath right no freaking french fries Look at none of my sight before I shut your teeth so far down your f*** throw You'll have to sit on a jack burger to eat it. Oh Have a nice day. I have no life. 1236 at Wiod so where did you clip this from because I heard it over the weekend? In case you missed it woman stoned to death Some of that good old-time religion the Islamic religion again one of the most repressive in backwards and acid I'm religions in the history of mankind and Think of that basketball player Karim Rauf Duberg Thank god he ain't standing for no national anthem okay, and they treated his ass away Because it's an insult to that great religion. We don't want to be repressive in this country. Do we like the So anyway in the Kabul Afghanistan Taliban religious rulers on Saturday stoned to death a young woman who tried to flee Afghanistan with a man who was not her relative as in Oh Under the Taliban strict interpretation of Islamic law a woman found in the company of a man other than a family member Found in the company of a man not necessarily cohabiting with found in the company of a man other than a family member is guilty of a crime punishable by death by stoning So she did a Steve Nicolander she got stoned That's right to tell a bond run radio shot a yacht. I didn't find the woman only his jamilia It said the stoning occurred on Saturday in eastern log-mon province, man Is everybody having a good time in Afghanistan? I'm right Here's Davy. Hello Great show Mr. Rogers. Yes, it is you know a phyodede doesn't sign you they may as well just close up their doors and This is Greg co-tex and that's it, man, you know turn the lights out the parties over Absolutely would be and I'm coming every day. I'm showing up here every day Sir, I'm showing up here every morning at 10 a.m. sharp. I'm sure you would have no problem getting out of another station locally if you wanted to I don't know about that. I hope you would decide to put your tough call. I mean it would be like when the red socks got rid of bay bruise Right, that's right. It would hunt them forever. Yep, you know the house that Neil built. Yeah, I can smell it now I look forward to the show most most every day the house that Yeah, good build. No, I went down. What do you think about that you think I'd have changed my name to Neil God? You want that on your driver's license? Why not? Can they put a little halo over your house? I think in a God-sham god and a basketball team on some stupid ass basketball team. Why can't I be Neil God? Well the hoop is what is shaped like a halo too In fact even the people that hate me even my detractors would say I can't stand that Neil God Love it we could have Somebody could be Satan also I guess yeah, like The rest of the people on the show if there was even a station around maybe Walter Sabo could do that It would be up maybe you could be the anti-Christ no station without you mr. Okay pal I'll tell me you said that hold on a second. Yeah. I'm not going anywhere. Okay. I'm hanging out with I'm I wait a shoot somebody for me with your machine gun there. Yeah, I woke up feeling a great mood You know got up early. I had to go to the department of revenue to get a form and Yeah, I'm telling yeah, this way I No, you don't you don't you don't go to go go go out And I waited you know she didn't We are do I go you think we got her yet? Just to be safe in the kneecap I used to watch guiding light and I hear rusty's coming back who rusty who the hell's rusty Reva's son or brother or something oh yeah, right? Remember him. Yeah, sure do you as a cop Telled me want him back for he was there when they had the when Reva's mama died remember mama She died immediately and I stopped watching it for a while I'm trying to get back into my way won't be long before Vanessa comes back Either from her years of medical with her strange disease. She's coming back Now she's in Zurich in Switzerland. She fights she's in Schwarz. Yes, I could live without her In closing meal yes, sir sometimes I feel that life is passing me by Thank you sir. Okay, nice job nice reading as somebody would say Well then just in case your your mission is This person me by Sometimes I feel like life is passing me by When I listen to your show It just makes me smile When I listen to your show It just makes me smile When I listen to your show It makes me feel like a child New Rogers on the radio You Rogers on the radio You Rogers on my radio Okay 1241 a W I O D long time since we squeezed that one out two open lines on the green lines at the one triple eight four seven four nine four six Three since I changed the microphone you know, so we got some people on the phone here Half the show I did it with a with a broken thing Man, oh man, it sounded like crap. It was like really eerie. It was eerie Here's a lady in Miami. Hello Lady in Miami. I mean, yes, man great Listen, I was wondering if you caught the show a couple weeks ago. No, I'm free holders No, it was on a channel 10 with John's bottle They set up a buffet at the fountain boule hotel Yeah, with They had a sign on it that said S N S Members only right and you see all these people eating all this food and they did know that the S N S S N stood for something for nothing right doors and they're just eating others and they interviewed the people Why are you eating and they kept saying because we're members and They had no idea what the test that's right their members of the snores for nothing right It was exactly it was so good. They stole that from me Wow, oh, well how a great day, Neil. Thanks for the good news. See ya Yeah, all you snores down here all you old disgusting fart. Oh, and yesterday we're driving over to Emerald Coast Which unfortunately was aligned from here to you. You was lobbya But at any rate, there's this old old bunch of Canadians in a jucanoo Quebec plate in a big big Cadillac. I mean a big ugly brown jucanoo going about two miles an hour And I can't get around this ass. Well, here I am in my beautiful 1996 purple corvette and I'm following this old older than Mithuysla And finally he makes the left turn and thank goodness. He was going you know that seafood you don't know where it is They got a seafood joint too, which must be a real jury at your place The Florida seafood something around the right in the same place with Emerald Coast So at any rate, he's gonna make the turn into that plaza and he gets about halfway in there He gets this big jucanoo his halfway in there My ass is still sticking out on the street and now he stops because somebody is like a coming across, you know He's got all the room in the world that just make a little move around them and let me get my ass off the street and I lean on the horn And now he gives me a tuted back Give me a little tuted back You miserable old frog go back where you came from and thank the Lord. He made a turn Wasn't going to the Emerald Coast, which didn't make any difference anyway, but thank god He ain't infecting and festing that place. He was going to that seafood joint You disgusting miserable old frogs. I'm gonna tell you everybody I talked to went to rano says keep the frogs out of here a Go back to Quebec and get lost parley will go away a Oh God, they give me the creeps just thinking about the frogs gives me the anything French Anything French except the kiss maybe with the Josh Moro gives me the willys 144Wilday He looks for me. Sonny uniform wen Z Zagu If I was bak petsin And fathers Oh, they longed be the medieval. If I was the begs and going, I'd buy up all the stations. Like the life of Lovin Zeta, I am the anild. Don't be frustrated. I've heard loads of money in the bank. A knowing once I go in like right, I'd have a radio network that nobody carries, but everyone has thought on the spots. TV cable, real estate, I vote home. I'd have a half a dozen big ep stations and 607 AM stations too. Oh, and that's Justin Hall and Delo Lovin. If I was the begs and, we're the leather, you're the leather. All day long, I'd fiddle with my number. If I was my begs and going, I'd be a angel for man. Together, together, together, together, together, together. I've had shackles, you know what I mean. I'd be richer than the freakin' queen. When high Zango would be turning cream, if I was that begs and going. I'd be a 48W IOD, a pair of open lines and brawler. We're not too happy about that. I'm gonna tell you right now, 767-9463. 767-W IOD, if the one thing you take away from the show today is the knowledge that Walter Sabo is the anti-Christ. It'll have been well worth my effort coming in here this morning, okay? Don't ever forget it. Walt Sabo is the anti-Christ. Here's Pompato B, Chilo. How's going? Great. I hear you talking about some guy, a rat man or something? Yeah, asshole. Is that the same guy? That's the guy that was wearing a rat suit and they play off last year. I hear somebody yelling from up in the upper deck. That's him. That's him. Other side of the arena. Yeah. And then I hear everybody say, you suck. Right. That's right. Hey, ref, you suck. They're all a bunch of sheep that's rat man and sheep over there at 124. What's the story with that? What's the story with what? They're a bunch of idiots. They don't understand the game. Even if we come in a flagrant penalty, okay? And they call up penalty on us. Hey, ref, you suck. Or if one of our guys, you know, if the other team comes up with a great body check and just belts one of our guys with a clean hit. Hey, ref, you suck. The whole game is it's like holding up a big sign saying, we haven't got any idea what's going on out there. We don't understand the game we're dumb, but we're loud. We're dumb, but we're loud. From section 220, where I said, I can hear that guy. Yeah. I first only heard you sucked. And now I can hear him. Somebody screaming. I couldn't tell exactly where we've come up with. Well, then the other one they do is whatever the other goal he is like with Tampa was poop. Poop, boop, boop, boop, boop. Oh, that's so it's like something you do with like a kindergarten level game. I mean, give me a break. It's so bush league. It is so bush league. It is. It is. I got one. I say killer rat man is what I say. Killer rat man. I got one thing to say in closing. Yes. I said the rat man, not the big man. Tonight's night. Still we in the Jason Wally up there and Pittsburgh. Let's kick their ass. Okay. Let's win this game tonight. Let's not go into these playoffs on a real downbeat note. Let's score maybe more than one goal would be nice against the team with no defense. Everybody's kicking ass right now except Broward. Broward is in a deep blue funk. Okay. They're all searching for that. We're going to see if we can get a good team. See food restaurant up there in Laudahill where it is Oakland Park. 767 WiodD in Broward 767 9463. You'll have no waiting in Broward. Believe me when I tell you it'll be right on. Maybe in maybe not. Here's Evan Chura. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Is Neil there? Speaking. This is Robert in. Evan Chura. Yes, Robert. I want to know what's going on with the prices of ours. Here's our. There's our. There out of ages. Yeah. Then the quits vocal will be a good idea. Robert. We have an open line in day. It's 622. It'll probably kill you. So quits vocal you live a long happy life. Broward lines. We're still waiting on Broward 767 9463. 767 WiodD. See you ordinarily. I'd send somebody like that to Mike Segaris. But in his case I'll make an exception. Mike Segaris don't want him or need him. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes. Neil. Yes. How are you doing? Okay. I was wondering. What's been going on with these hydroponic growers these days. Being getting coddled. Marijuana growers. What's up with that stuff? What's up with that stuff? Yeah. I don't know. Well, talk to me. Neil, what's going on here? Talk to you about what? These marijuana growers they suck. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And how's your life? Great. How's your life? How's your life? I'd say I'd say. Okay. Go find one. Open line in day. It's like one of those pugs from the light bulb. You don't sound just like one of those light bulb people to me. Pretty, pretty. Isn't he? He should have joined that cult. He'd have been perfect there. They wouldn't have had a waste to dull the knife. Wouldn't have to waste the effort. Because if you don't have any, you don't have to have nothing to cut off. 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 2 bad rickering a bit in that cult. You know, I'm sorry. Justin Joke Rick. Justin Joke Mr. Riley. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach. Chillow. Neil. Yes sir. God love you sir. Yeah, and he does. I'm sure. Yeah. Let me count the ways. Do we have favor? Just took out my paycheck and I counted the ways the Lord loves me. Sir. My sisters in the car never heard you show before. Can you play prison, prison bitch? Prison bitch. Yes. I might. I'd be awful honored. I'll bet you would. Thank you sir. Okay sir. Have a great day. What he said he said something about his sister. I think he called her a name. That was disgusting sir. That's f**king bitch. We have an open line in Broward 7679463 767WI. Oh, D. I think he had a timeline and finally after threatening the audience with 3T with the deadly 3T who are all clones of Michael. They're all clones man. And I think they've all been doing each other but they're much too old for him now. Believe me. And how about how about that baby? Nobody's buying the story and he's not living with this broad. He wasn't living with the other broad. And it just really said thing. To sad story that they just keep trying all these fags man. They just keep trying desperately to put over on the public. And it just isn't working. It's not working. Maybe Tom Cruise. That's an exception. I didn't say Tom Cruise was a fact. I didn't say it. I may have hinted it. I didn't say Troy Eggman. Who cares? Okay. Let him go do each other. Whatever they're doing. Mind your own business. Get a life. Who cares what they're doing. Who cares if Ellen's a degenerate. Who cares about that boring sick ass stupid show. Okay. Ever seen Ellen with Randy Rhodes? I don't mean like nine in that way. Open line and braward 7679463. How's old Randy doing by the way? She's still up there. I thought she'd be long out of there. That's what she was saying. That's what she was saying for a long time. She's getting out of that dump up there. That's what I heard. Here's Miami. Hello. Right. Yes, ma'am. Neil. Yes. It's like. It's what? Yes sir. It's Mike. Okay. Those people that yell that stuff like soup and all. I think they're pathetic. They are. Right. You know, it's like stupid. Exactly. My dad has an 93 Corvette to hate some people kind of awesome. Yeah. Thanks for asking. Right. Okay, Mike. Thank you. Have a great day. See you, Mike. That's Mike. We have an open line of day at 62294636222WioD. So what about that new 97 vet? Neil, if you made up your mind, that no I have not. I'm glad you asked, but I haven't made up my mind yet. I'm still, you know, feeling it. And the car too. I'm still examining and exploring it. Isn't that the way it is when you got a new play toy? You got to examine it, explore it, find it, feel it, squeeze it, dittle around with it. And then you decide, hey, this is not too bad or it's okay or maybe it's great. It looks great. It looks really neat. Everybody gets a lot of looks. I now I got a new deal. I'm driving to work this morning in my new Corvette. Now I got these people that kind of like look out of the side. You don't want to say they don't want to look directly. You know they're staring at the car, but when you turn in you look at them because you know that they're eyeballing your car. Then although they kind of like, oh, that wasn't really looking okay. Especially if they're driving like a red Mustang GT, like one guy was this morning and believe me, I saw your drive it out here on Shuren Street when I turned the corner. No wonder you're driving a Mustang, okay. You couldn't drive your finger up your recto. That's why you're driving a Mustang, you loser. God, a red Mustang actually look pretty good. Yeah, the new Mustang, I got to be honest with you, not that I would ever want one, but you must think people that got a new Mustang, the new real sharp look and what they don't look too bad for like a little kitty car. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil, this is Robert, a hydroponic broder from Alvin, so far. And I'm a huge fan. That was good, wasn't it? That was a good call. No kitty, can you tell me about the life of Sponning? I think when you spoke too much, it makes your voice cool up like Mickey Mouse. No shoot, right? Anyways. Yeah. Oh great. Yeah. I'll give her a ticket, will you? Right. I'm running a red light. Give that bitch a ticket right now. She almost crashed right into a cop. Come on, Porkey. Give that bitch a ticket now. Or at least get her number, yeah. I guess he was going to the donut shop. Probably. Yeah, didn't pull her. Probably, Runchles, yes. Anyways, he closed. I just wanna call my mother on our douchebag. Okay. She believes that crap with the world's Emary on the bank building. Oh my god. And I get to the point, I just say, okay, you believe what you want. I believe what I want. I go, how about the cinnamon roll, too? Well, that could happen to our gold guys. That's right. I didn't get into it because I wanted to get late last night. I put my wife off. By your mother-in-law? I'm alive. Okay. I don't know if I would've got into it, where there I would've not gotten any so far. You wouldn't have gotten into it right. Okay, pal. Good luck there. Congratulations. Oh god, that's good. Okay. Two open lines in date, six, two, two, two, W-Y-O-D. Why the hell can't the Virgin Mary show up on a cinnamon on a cinnamon on a cinnamon? Oh, man. Isn't that what you say when you eat a cinnamon? Oh, god, that's good. That's right. I don't think I ever had a cinnamon, but I smelt him. You know how in all the airports they have, and like in Vegas and the Vegas airport. You remember? They have the cinnamon on his, that's the only thing I hate about Vegas is the airport. Oh, I mean, it's not a bad airport, but it's just a walk. No matter what gate you come in on, the slept from the gate to the, to get out of there. It's like 100 miles. 100 miles. And of course, you got a pass 4,000 crappy slot machines out of way out of there. But god, is that a long slept to get out of that McKeirin International Airport. You're just dying to get in your reddit car or on the limo or the bus or whatever and get to the casino and start losing right away. But man, it is the longest slept. And then you got to walk by that cinnamon and the aroma of that, oh god, is that stuff smelled good? Man. And you can hear people like they're practically swooning in there. So you know that they're seeing the virgin Mary on the bun. They're seeing her buns on the roll. They're saying, oh god. The roast are doing it in the back room. One of the other. At cinnamon, boy, that's good stuff. We should have them, don't bring any over here, please. It's not on the Atkins, baby. Not even on a Skatkins that's cinnamon, but are you just smelling it is good enough for me. And that's what I told the Josh Moro, just smelling it's okay for me. 1258 at W.Y. a day told J.C. that a couple of weeks who asked why we don't see him no more. Hey, if you want to sniff out a great bank, here's family bank. If at my buddy Matt was there on Friday morning when I deposited a certain check George on Friday morning and he was there like real early he had to clock in the drive through like naked. I'm not naked, but I mean, didn't have a suit in the tie-on. And I said, hey Matt, you're looking pretty good this morning. He kept taking more clothes off and more. I don't know if he'll do it for you, but he kind of enjoys when I go through there. You know, especially when I put enough money can make the pay roll. You're going to love family bank. They're like members of your family. That's why I ought to be called family bank and it is. CAUTION. A Delta Linkling Sick Worth. 610 W.I.O.D. Miami Fort Launderede. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. If your car's life is over, go see Ben Dover. You'll realize what you had was pain is when you hop in and ride your rain. Oh yeah, you've enjoyed driving Mercury. You loved your Saturn. Now come and dig Uranus. Love that new car smell. Nothing smells like Uranus. The bendability. No one has ever got stuck in Uranus. Fake the plunge. Now be true, rage. Ben Dover and ride your rain. And if you like a car that holds the road, you couldn't wipe out Uranus if you tried. Uranus. Powerful. Yet Greg with gas. Need drunk space. Rest assured you can pack anything in Uranus. And if Uranus is rear-ended, our well-lover-cuted joints will soften the blow. Come to our show, and pick out Uranus. And leave that messy paperwork to us. Check out Uranus. Fake the dive line, Greg. You can't even go through the rain. Okay, 104WWOD. And yesterday's the Sun-Cental. Big article, Republic's Yellow Break Road in Business Sunday. Big song of the dance about Republican history is a Wayne did this. And Wayne did that. Wayne's going to do this. And that's it. And it doesn't say a damn thing. It doesn't tell me whether the cell is stuck, whether it's going up to 500. Whether it's going to go down to 10. Doesn't say anything. How's the market doing, by the way. I don't want you to panic, okay? You're a DSS. 275 is the new location for CNBC. All are good at it. It's not even down 100. 96.31. And then as Dex down 20, which that's like about 100 points, it's not too good. Not too good. Today would be a real good day to sell. Get on a phone with your broker and Haka Machinic. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello, Doctor. Yes? Any other going? Great. Listen, I just got back for the best. The best. Huh? I just got back from the New York area. Yeah. Watch my elders a kick from the outside of the air. Eight to two, eight to two, what a thrashing. Zigman Palfi gets the hat trick just in the second period no less. More three in the second. Right. The best thing. Do I know what's going on or do I know what's going on, Mr. I got my thumb on it. Listen, the best thing you could have been to that team was for a military group and I wanted to take over the team there. That's right. But Tuesday is. And you know something they're not out of it? No. We're only one point behind it. I don't believe it. Well, there is the I have never seen anything like this. There's like 150 teams vying for the last three spots. Yeah. In the east. Yeah. We got a shot up. And then I went over to the middlelands and I caught the third game. Yeah. Which was kind of nice to see Billy Gurr. I had a pretty good game. Right. Good player. I like Billy Gurr and Hello Player. Yeah. I think the devil can somehow squeeze the pass fully. And we can squeeze the H-border. I think we've got a shot. And how about St. Louis knocking off Philly last night? I saw that game. They beat him three to two. That was a hell of a game. Yes. It was. Grant Fierre actually played some damn game last night. He was unbelievable. Yeah. I didn't. Didn't watch. He made a save off Lindros and last couple of months of that game. Would show you had to see it to believe it. Yeah. Hey. We caught the. The replay of the. If you're game, Saturday, you name when we got back in the game. Don't say your game. Huh? There game. Yeah. Let's try. Don't blame me for that. I had nothing to do with that. That was. That was pathetic. Coma. How many of these coma games we're going to keep playing now, man? I don't know. You guys are offensive. We got to get it going tonight. That's right. Got to stick some in there against the team that has no defense. Not a bad defense. No defense. We better score about five or six tonight. Or I'm going to want answers in the morning. Hey. You think we're going to be pumped up for this game tonight? I hope it gets five. All right. Deal. Have a great day, pal. Yeah. In closing. I have a request. Yes. Can I have the David Vala go over time goal gets to pass? Pretty please. Who? Oh, where the hell am I going to find that? Come on, Neil. I'll look for it. David Vola, at least pronounce it right. Do you think there's any chance I'm going to find that? George. Little kill some good time looking. Oh my god. Where the hell? I know I got it. I must have threw it out. You know something. I'm pretty pissed off about all those cars that we threw out. When Roy was holding a gun to our head, I don't know more cars. You've been to give it all those cars. You got a month to give it to the cars. That was another part of the ass. The ass holding of WIOD was right. Pressmen in here, telling us that we had a certain like the time that we had to get rid of the carts. Talk about an interpret act that was totally unacceptable and grow test. I can't find it right now. This guy's requested hockey calls for like three years ago for quite a lot by the grow test, a Chris Cuthbert of CBC. And what's going on with this? What's going on with this? We had these bastards going again. And now. We're going to be a real problem. Check it out, check it out. No, even I can't listen to bad. Check it out, check it out. You know, I'm going to tell you something. And I want I'm going to say it. If you get pissed off too bad, I have a real problem. Not with black people because black people are like any of these good black people. There's bad black people like white, like anybody else. But with black culture in America, I got a real serious, serious problem with black culture. Many black still call that black culture. You realize what? The normal people don't consider that to be black culture and are offended by it. What? 3T? All that 3T? Check it out, check it out. But that's like 10 steps above rap music. That's like about 10 steps on a food chain above rap crap. It's just slow, small T rap. Check it out. Oh, I guess this is not only 3T, it's featuring Prince Cuthbert. Oh, my God. Is it literate as they want to be? When are you going to stop with the illiterate bull crap already? Check it out. I can't stand it. I have a problem with it. Please help me. We have an open line in date. 6222Wild. We have a parent-brower. 7679. 463. We have an unimobile line. We have a real flurry there. Even Calgary never had a flurry like that. Then the guy called here started talking hockey. They all disappeared. We have a real flurry. We have a real flurry there. Even Calgary never had a flurry like that. Then the guy called here started talking hockey. They all disappeared. I think that's it. No more hockey talk man. These people. They not only don't they know anything about it. They don't want to hear it because they don't understand it. Even if they like it or they think they like it, they don't get it. They wouldn't know Zigman, Palfi from the Zigfield Follies. These people. They're cool as insurers. And by the way, saw Schultell at that game last week. Which game was that? That was that awful Ottawa game, eh? Where we lost three to nothing but we made it look like three to two. It was really the final score but it was really three nothing. Could have been five nothing. It was really pathetic again. Another comment performance. That's why they don't care because we're playing pretty crappy these days. That's why they don't care. Cooper City. Hello. Yellow. Yes sir. Yo dog, what's up, G? K. No, I have to change a piece on here but I was going to ask about the Marla. What is it? I hope it's going to ask you about the Marla. I'm not into fishing. Not at all. You're going to get out to watch anything. I might. Norm Kent called me before he's got tickets for opening date and tomorrow four o'clock against the cubs. What do you think? Do you think I should go? Absolutely. I don't think so. You can sit up there by your buddy Harry. Are you going to be in town? Yes sir. No, I don't know. I don't think Harry's making any of the road trips this year. None. And if he's not there, it's not even worth going. It's right. He's going to get up there in the cemetery and sitting for it. But he doesn't do that. No, not out of town. He doesn't do it. He did that one time and some people got pent out of shape. Why? He's the best. He is. You're right. You're right. I'm a cubsan. I know but bad. But I trust you, Arthur. Right. Well, I guess I answered my next question. I was going to see if you were going to have more of the show while he's in town. But I guess if you have a town that's going to be hard to do. Not really. It was a frost my asshole little girl. Yeah. He's up there having himself a good time. Anyway, my next question. He's only going to be going to Florence, Italy in May. Really? And I was going to ask you how the weather is in May. It'll be a decent. It'll be a, you know, it'd be okay. It'll be in the probably 65 to 75 range. No kidding. Yeah. It'll be like spring. You want it to be. Because it'll be spring. Perfect. It'll be nice. It'll be if you ever been there. No, never. Oh, man. Are you in for a real, sir? You'd never been to Europe. Never been to Europe. Oh, my God, you better strap yourself in tight. You'll find out what the real world's all about. Trust me. Okay. I want to full report. How long are you going for it? I'm going for two and a half weeks. All in Florence? Well, no. I mean, I want to go around. From there, but that's where we're going to be centrally. What were else you going? Um, basically anywhere we need to go. A Roma. I'll go. I'm sure we'll go. I'm sure. And probably, let's see if you're going to be. Probably want to check out Bolonia. I'm going to check out wherever they take me. And maybe Vanice, Venice. Venice? Take your hip boots. What's the best place in the going, Italy? The best place? The best place. Rome. Rome. The best place to be. Like, no much take about. Florence is beautiful. It's great. Uh, well, I mean, I haven't been all these other places, but Rome, you will love Rome. You'll just, you will kiss the ground. You'll kiss the earth. Yeah. So you haven't been there in the pizza loft. The food, that little bit. Yeah. Have a great time, pal. Alright. There's a lucky camp right there. He's going to Rome. He's going to Florence. He's going to Sicilia. Palermo. He's going to a scolidia. Pacheno. Yeah. That's right. A scolidia. He's going to Tadino. He might even sneak across the upstairs, the Switzerland, the Schwarz, the Schwarz. Two open lines on the green lines there. Whatever those lines are, Broward 767-463-767-WI-O-D on a great Monday. God is it a good day. I'm going to tell you something. I get out of bed in the morning now, and I say, every day is a good day. I can't imagine why. But I'm thinking at myself. 610 WI-O-T. Stand major, huh? Okay. One 16 at WI-D. So it was just tell me amazing, stand major stories. I think the only person around here more amazing than stand major is. You're what? That's me. We have an open line in day. 622-WI-O-D. We have two-and-Broward 767-463. In fact, I'm just dealing around not looking for some music to play, because we only got two or three calls on a board. I know we're never going to make it until two without music. I just know what I can feel it. Open line on a mobile, purple one mobile one line. Whatever the hell out is, pound I-O-D. Two-and-Broward 767-WI-D. Two-and-Broward 9-2-2. We had a call. Where was it from? From. And he wasn't even listening on the internet. Portland. Portland, Oregon. Yes, thank you. So, my thought you said parkland. Here's a picture. Remember the guy called about the event that the guy backed over the Corvette? Here's a picture of it. It says, if you think you had a rough day, last week this brand new Corvette owner was in Pembroke Pines to pick up some of John the Baker's great food. When he came out, he couldn't believe his eyes. A mercury stable was actually parked on top of his beautiful car, which as you can see had temporary plates. Oh my, they just got this car. Brand new! Do you know what I would do? Seriously, no questions asked. Oh my god, it says the food at John the Baker is so good. People seem to be willing to park any place to be the first to tell you about, etc. In the Flamingo Pines' pleasant-extra Home Depot. And his jacket is backed up over the top of this beautiful brand new Corvette that still had the dealer plates on it. Yeah, we had a call about it. They've seen it. They were there when it happened. Talk about absolutely unacceptable grotesque life-ending of behavior. That's it. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Great. Great. And we can all right? The best. I've brought you the yoga last week. Oh thank you so much, by the way. I think it may have helped a little bit. I've been here. It's very slow, but I'm getting there. I'm glad to hear it. I think I can't recall you the last week, but did you see who Luis McGill was with at the Oscars? Somebody called, but it slips my mind. Yeah, the girl that was in the Sparado. Some bitch. Last name Haydich. There's some left to go to news. I think it was Greg Fedic. Cheyenne is used to be in Manudo. Oh Cheyenne, I know who that is. Yeah, you're saying Cheyenne, you're saying Aurora. Oh, he was doing that Cheyenne. He was doing that like Chinese. Cheyenne. Exactly. So yeah, they were in Manudo together. Cheyenne's okay. Yeah. Yeah. I just got called. He ain't no here. No Flavio sees her. I'll tell you that. Nobody is. Flavio sees her and his brother biggest dickest man. Look out for them. Have a great day. I'm sorry. See, he's slays me. Two open lines in date. Six to two nine four six three. In fact, Flavio sees her on some. Holy Osopopra. Every afternoon for those of you who speak real. Professional Spick's out there. They're watching 23 and or 51. He's on some soap. And they said that he's having a hard time hanging out with. 767. 463. 767. Well, it is kind of a Roman name. You know, Flavio. He looks Roman. He looks like he's Roman all over the place. I wonder if he knows Luis real well. Here's a lady in Miramar. Hello. Lady in Miramar. Neil. Yes, ma'am. Hi. Is Christy Hawaii? How are you doing? Good. Neil. I hear that. They're going to take you off the radio. No, they're not. What's going on? What's going on with what? I keep hearing this thing that. Who tells you that they're taking me off the radio. Who told you that? Who told you that? I'm asking you the question. Where? My friends. Well, your friends don't know what they're asked from their elbow. They don't. They don't know. They're Adam's apple from their thing. I wanted to let you know that my husband listens to you all day. Yes. And he's always writing around. Right. And I have all my girls here and they want to scream something out to you. Okay. We're ready. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. All right. I need to take care of you. I'm not going nowhere. I'm not going nowhere. Okay. Great. See you. They're taking me off the air. Not you or any other damn stupid thing will take me off the air. Remember Howard Beal? And they said. So anyway, we have, well, he had that thing with birds. Remember said I have this relationship with nature and birds and so on? 6, 2, 2, 9, 4, 6, 3, and day. And we got nothing in day. We got not one call. There's two million people in Dave County. There's over too many people. Not everyone came in on a rubber raft. And we don't have one of them on the phone right now. That to me indicates that a, there's nobody is listening, which I know is not the case. Or b, there are a bunch of deadheads, which I know is the case. Or see there are two busy on a Monday for us, which is also the case. 6, 2, 2, W, I, O, D. You better get with it right now, man. Are you going to have tapes up the ass? Open line on the purple line. That's the mobile one purple line at pound I, O, D. Where's my good friend, Jacob, for crying out loud? Come on, Jacob. Where are you hiding it? Here's Weston. Hello. Hey, good morning. How you doing? Good evening. Well, what happened was you and you moved up to Hollywood, all the day people fell off. They did? I, I imagine. I don't think so. That was a fourth possibility. Okay. I'm, I'm really annoyed, Neil. What do you annoyed about, sir? State police, sir. Yeah. They sucked there. It's gone. You mean the FHP pigs? That is correct. Fort highway pigs, yeah. That's right. They have nothing better to do. There's no reason for them to be in existence. You to understand that because we've already discovered that if we need people to write speeding tickets and other those stupid tickets, we got more than enough to go around to write those. So there's no reason for us to have the Florida highway pigs. Well, you know, if you're broken down, they're not going to do anything for you. That's right. They don't even stop. They don't even stop. They just laugh as they go by with their big 10 gallon Texas hat on. As a matter of fact, when I tried calling you Friday afternoon on my way home at 130 in the afternoon, I paced a floor to pig FHP number 1778. Yeah. And this scumbag. Du Spag. Slime ball. Yeah. He was doing quarter than the speed limit up 75. Yeah. I followed him from where I got on the palm metal all the way up to when he got off at Sheridan Street. Yeah. And all this jerk off did was crawl up people. That's his tailgated. He made people panic and kept the flow of traffic. He came to Sheridan Street and crawled up people's asses, huh? That's right. Okay. So his speed was nowhere less than at least 73 miles an hour. And at times he topped over 80. Right, com. So I just reporting that I lost my case. I know Randy and his folks did the best they could. You lost a case with the ticket defense team. I never heard of that. I did. But that's a rarity. I know it is. Wow. Well, what happened was I was on my way to work in the morning. Yeah. It was a day before Thanksgiving. You know they got that construction. Yeah. All right. You know that the pigs can now pace you. They don't need radar. They can do something that they write on the ticket. They can tell you anything they want. They've always been able to do that. Well, I wasn't aware of that. Sure. They can say whatever they want. Basically these guys. Yeah. And I got it, man. You should have mentioned my name. You should have told them an uncle. Leo. You still be on the inside. Maybe on the inside. Look it out. But yeah. Okay. Don't do it again, pal. All right, pal. Okay. Broward County wide open now. We find a good date straight. Now it's an out-broward goes into a big deep blue. Funking. We're not too sure why. But we think we have a pretty good answer. 767, 463, 767, WOD. I'm in a hallway here talking to a fat boy before. How about that panter game Saturday? And he goes like that. He said, where's the food? If you take a weekend off and you miss a home game and it turns out to be a really bad, bad, grow test, disgusting game. Even if Delta does suck the big one, you think, hey, that was a pretty good choice I made. Nice going Neil. Thank you so much. All I can say is, Oh God. Exactly. Here's a mobile in candle. Hello. Mobile in candle. Let's go through radio away up real loud. Oh, sorry. I need help. That's okay. How's it going? Great. Listen, I just wanted to tell you first I'm calling a long time listener. Excellent. I've been for years. I paid all this crap that I'm here. You're going to stay on. I spent the last year and a half in Kentucky suffering with the draw in like the fetal position. But I let you go. All right. Okay. All right. There you go. Okay. Just blew him a big one and it cares too. We have an open line of day. 6 2 2 9 4 6 3. Okay. Look at Broward. Broward's having a problem. I wonder when. 7 6 7 Wild. Welcome to my car. I think tomorrow we're playing all oldies by request. Okay. And if we don't have what you want, we'll just play what I want. Oh. Holy in the hand. What? Okay. No job. Who did this? Oh Johnny. Oh sorry. I know can't live where I'd will it. Work hard. He got a cool little tick. Came rock in there. King and walk and stroke. What do I hate this? Do I hate this particular brain? Oh. Here's that my one. So anyway, look at that Broward thing there. Look at this Broward problem man. 7 6 7 9 4 6 3 7 6 7. This has been one of the most excruciating Mondays. I can recall in recent memory. This has been hard. It has been brutally hard. I can't even put it in the words. It is so hard. God like a rock like a brick. Just like a brick. Like a lot of those shots that were thrown up in the NCAAs. By the way, he's a little tip for all new betters out there. Wildcat's going to win the NCAA championship. I'll ride. And thank God that Arizona. Thank God they didn't blow that game in the end. They gave it a damn good shot. I'm so sick and North Carolina and Dean Smith. I mean he's a great coach in the yada yada. He's been there 100 years already. Go away, Dean. Go find a life. Go play Majong. Go retire already. He's been a coach there for 100 years already. Go away. And Arizona, how bad can they be with a coach who plays the skin loot? He's got white hair. He's a sweet. He's a sweet this guy, the coach of Arizona. And they actually got a couple of white guys on their team, but they sit on the sideline of course. And they've got three black guys who are very, very light-complexed. Who I think might be related to three T. Why is that when you think it's just a coincidence? There are zone where we recruit black guys, but they can't be like over certain degree of darkness. Because there's all those real bigots out there in Arizona, all those John birds types out there. We'll support your baseball team as long as you don't got no darkies that are like two dark over a scale of three on a Richter scale. So like I said, three team might play for them pretty soon. Broward County, we're waiting on you. I'm going to put this microphone down. I'm going to walk around the room and wait. I want to see an explosion in Broward, likes of which has never been seen. Everybody else is a smoking. 7679463 767W IOD. Our poll question today is, how do you like Ron and Ron? How do you like Rick and SUDS? How do you like the new Vitch at nighttime? How do you like Brook Daniels? How do you like the news guy? How do you like Wandsman Dietta? How do you like David Halberstam? How do you like Michael Mayo? Hold the Mayo? Yeah, let me say it again, in case you missed it earlier. Michael Mayo writes a big column this morning about 10 is 10 is about a pansy sport. About Tomas Fuster, most of what I'm going to tell you guys is, and still refuses to apologize. Michael Mayo, I'm going to talk about this every day on his show. For the rest of my life, I'm going to mention this until you write the apology that you promised. You promised right here. We got it on tape. If we have to dig the tape out. Okay. If I have to dig that tape out and play it every day. You made a pledge to retract that line about trying to get David Halberstam fire just because you ran my time at the time. Because your grandma's name was Mosquevitz or whatever it is, you better get with it, Michael. We're going to start getting pissed off. And when we get pissed off, we might actually start buying the Harold, but I doubt it. 128 to WIOD. 610 WIOD. These are the hearty stations of the American family Federation. I'm very proud of my new nose ring. I think there must be a second ring. I'm looking on the mirror what do I see? And here's from the somehow I don't look like me. You think I have surgery? Lots of plastic surgery. My skin, my nose, my eyes. Watch my ladies, sedely. If Stephen Tyler says me, I can't believe decide. I got the pig lip. I got the big lip. I got the big lip. I got the big lip. So the kids are out of school in Florida. So we went to Don Corley on for justice and George has done it. He got back a little call back on one of the phones that the kids have been potsky right up there in Broward and the mother answered the phone. And she said, yes, I got on the other extension and my son and his punk friend there in between doing each other. They were making crank calls to you. I'm going to take care of it right now. Nice going sweet. One more time. There you go. One more. All right. Punky little kids get a life. Get a life. Two open lines in Broward. 7679 for it. Go get the serious catalog and go lock the door. Can't get do something useful. Get out of our face. Here's Boca. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. You see that show in the morning. I miss on MSNBC. No, I did not. It's on there every morning with his radio show. Yeah. And it's just sitting around. Cron is bored. It's in everybody bastards. He looks at the desk. You never. I read a thing about the last week of the week before he was under a forgot the fact that he was on the on camera and he was like blurt not every four letter. Warden here in the thing. He just like, cue and gun looking at it. Looking at his desk. The whole show. That's what I like to wake up in the morning is watch. Don't I miss who lose a funny guy. But it looks like a dead man. I'm going. Hey, I never have seen the see a see. I see. Can't contact you about putting your show on. Are you kidding me? Come on. For what? For the world. I don't chew gum, pal. We have an open line on the out of town line. One triple A, four seven four nine four six three. One triple A, four seven four W. I. O. D on a great Monday. Every day's a great day here at Paxon Inc. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Good. Good. This is a me. I've been listening to you quite a while. I hear a lot of talk about the tickets and your your colors and you talking about how unfair a lot of this is. I'm sure. Wait a minute. I want to hear what is. Well, that people are receiving traffic tickets. You know, and. You know, you stay keep in mind that are you a cop. I'm sorry. Are you a cop? I'm not a cop. I'm not coming here. I'm piloting. Not for Delta. I hope not for Delta. No, not for Delta from America. Thank God. You know, you've got people. You got 50, almost 50,000, 40,000 people a year. Dying on the Americas. I waste. You know, look at that number. Look at the numbers and cram. And you've got it. And that's because of speed. Is that what you're saying? Well, no, it's for a lot of causes. Yeah. I mean, let me ask you this question. When's the last time you saw one of these old 90 year old drivers who should never have a driver's license? Once the last time you saw one of them pulled over for going too slow or impeding traffic. When's the last time? Well, you're right. I'm not never saw it. Never saw it in my life. I lived here. I lived here for 21 years. I've never seen it once. Well, it's you're right. It should be tell we should have a system in place where these elderly drivers are. They have to be periodically tested when they reach a certain age. But they've got so much. We're talking about people in their 90s. We're talking about people in their mid 80s and 90s. Where getting me noodles by mail for six years. I don't have any problem with that. You wonder why people are getting killed on the highway out there? People deserve to get tickets because they're going because they're going 10 miles over the speed limit. Accidents and their cars and people to get killed. Let me say this to you. If you're going 10 miles over the speed limit, 11 o'clock at night on a road where there's absolutely no other traffic in either direction. I've got to take it for that. I routinely go 10 miles over the speed limit. Right by cops and I have never received a ticket for that. That's not the kind of ticket I'm talking about. Those tickets are written every day. Every day. A little bit of the number of people that are running red lights in this town. How about the people that are driving around Stona? How about the people that are driving around Stona? They're in his town. Well, that's true, too. There we go. The point is, is what is the point? Who deserve to get tickets? Very often. And some people don't deserve it. It's certainly nothing to do with some dough. And sometimes it's just as well. You know, I mean, you know, look at the media attention. We have an airplane crashes and God knows any any airplane It crashes and the kill somebody is a tragic event. Yeah. It hasn't been seven or seven or eight thousand people or less have been killed in the entire history of aviation. Yeah. We have 40,000 people per year. That's right. Because you also got a lot of dough. You got a lot of dumb people out there driving too. You realize that, don't you? Of course. And the dumb are you are the more dangerous you are. Well, that's very much. I say, let's get everybody off the road or step you and me. How's that? Well, I don't think that's going to work. And you start on day now listening. I'll stay in Broward. There's folks that definitely need to be thick of it and you can't always blame the cops. Right. Not always. Just most of the time. All right. Okay. I'll see you next time. I'll see you in those friendly skies. All right. Okay. We have an open line. Not Delta. No more Delta for me. Open line and Broward 7679463. Two open lines in the green lines. The Palm Beach lines. The Worldwide Audio netlines. WWWWWWWWWWWWWWW. Do not go see Donnie Browsco. Do go see Godfather 1. Oh, there's another movie coming out there. I thought it was a look really great. I can't think of what it was. Looks like it was going to be sensational. Looks like it was going to be fantastic. Another one of those mafia type movies. Uh, can't think of it. Okay. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey. Neil. Great. What's going on? Not much. I got a question about that comment. You just may. We're about to honey Browsco. You don't like that movie. I haven't seen it, but everybody tells me don't waste your money. It sucks. Come on. You gotta go see that. Everybody said it. It's beautiful. Okay. All right. Another thing. There's Johnny Depp naked in it. What's that? Is Johnny Depp naked in the movie? He doesn't get naked. Oh, that's very good. Stay away from that. All right. No more. I didn't say that. Hey, get a go catch them. They were playing a hurricane. A couple days ago. They were playing a hurricane? Yeah. Come on. Who won a game? Are you? No, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You don't go to, you don't go to UM-do, yeah? No. Oh, please tell me you don't go to UM-do. Why? Do you see that the guy from UM was among the cult members who often self? Are you serious? Didn't you see that in the paper today? I was a familiar with that. Guy from UM was one of the cult members who drank the stuff and ate the pudding and the apple so us and the vata story and then turns out the guy didn't have cancer after all. But he didn't have cancer. He didn't have cancer. He's over there anyways. Huh? A bunch of liberal fruity bastards over there anyway. Where? You, UM. Liberal? There's liberal people at UM? Yeah, sure. Well, if you find one, let us know. I will. I'll search one out for you. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. The guy's name was David Cabot von Sender in his 48 and he's one of the guys that come and then off himself. He drank the crap. So you think he was influenced by the hurricane? I think he was because he was a hirku. Yeah, that's enough to be enough to make me blow my brains out. Uh, come on. Okay. One more thing. Yeah. I got this dog over here. Yeah. There's a little puppy. Yeah. You know how to dog by what he called it? How's break him? Yes, I do. What should I do? Do you want the real answer? Yeah. You're going to laugh. You're not going to do it. You go to the drug store. Yeah. You get some infants depositories. Oh, see? I know you're going to laugh. Okay. You don't want to have him do this works. The great it's instant. It's immediate within days that dog will never do it in the house again. Infants depositors. The little support. Don't get how what kind of a dog is it? The other tree. My golden retriever hasn't done a number in the house in, uh, since he was an infant. Okay. You take listen to me. You take this depositories. And when you want to put him out like after you feed him about 20 minutes after your feed him. Yeah. You're stochist depository in his. Reck him. And then you take him out. Listen to me. You take him outside immediately. And with an amount of moments that pressure there on his. Reck him. We'll cause him to do the number outside. And then he'll realize that when you go outside. That's where you do your thing. I'm telling you, I know but he wants to believe me. It's the sureest way to house break a dog. You're a victim at the person. Okay. Or a matchstick will do. Okay. Good luck to him. And don't forget it's up to dogs as. Okay. We have an open line a day. I can just see this guy's going to be sticking matchsticks up his. Reck him or suppose it to race. But hey, if you got hemorrhids, it can't hurt. Open line a day six to two. WOD. I see a faint witches here today. See his horse jog five and a half lengths on Saturday. I saw the thing in the paper. I saw a horse jog burger. I'm not much of a price though, but hey, that's what happens. We keep winning. Keep winning. Got a stiff m of you. I mean, uh, open line at Broward 7679463 767Wild. Come on, Richie. Let's stiff m of you weeks in a row. Then we'll go about eight to one. But I'm being down the road. So anyway, did I mention it's 1.41. I think I did. Here's Kendall. Hello. Oh, heaven. We father. Are you doing great. Yeah. That's still gone. Are you? I looked you in a touch at the auto game. And is that cartoon? Oh, yeah. That was great. You like that? That was outstanding. And everyone who says, you know, that you're unfriendly in this and that. I mean, I have read here and you talk to me and you're nice to me. That's pretty unusual. If you got read here, I usually pretend I'm busy, you know? I usually look the other way. Well, the friend of mine that was with me, that was just for a talk to game. It was really funny because he asked me, why do they keep dumping the part down the other end and then they don't go and get it. And like he came to the wrong first game. Yeah. Sorry about that, pal. We apologize. I'd be happy to the Panthers. We apologize, profusely, and also for Saturday if anybody want what I did not. I didn't get it. No. In closing every question. Yes, sir. You play. She had caught for my girlfriend. That's the word she hates. Oh, she don't like chia. Okay, pal. Have a great day. Okay. We have an open line. What? Who would play something like that? Chia-tree and the assorted chia animals. You'll get off on the latest edition to the chia family. The chia twice. Just a chia. Hours and hours of fun. For kids, young and old, it's got to be chia twice. Chia-tree. Simply insert the seed. Moisten and watch it grow and grow into a lovely furry twine. For birthday. Zanniversaries. Christmas or any occasion. Look no further than chia twice. And coming soon to the chia family, it's the chia and the chia. Chia-tree and the musical chia, yoga, oh no. No, I'm not going to go. Chia-tree. Okay, 143 at Wild. 16 Wild. The day that I thought they don't come, any better than coming here. She gained a claim with her breakout performance in the People Vess's Larry Flint. Now, Courtney Love takes the theater by storm, appearing in the classics at the Seattle Reptory Playhouse. Chia-tree and the musical chia family, see her rifting performance as Lady MacBeth in a Scottish play. Is this the mother f*** jagger I see before me? As blanched to boi in a street car named desire. I've always relied on the kindness of strangers. And of course, Saint Joan by George Bernard Shawl. Get that torch away from me, mother f***ing f***ing suckin' bastards. Yes. Courtney Love plays the classics. This spring at the Seattle Reptory Playhouse. Yeah, yeah, yeah, get out of my f***ing face. What are your tickets today? Son of a f***ing mother f***ing f***ing. They say I love his taboo. They're what we're doing is wrong. But I don't care what they say. Cause my love is so strong. Do tell us we should be ashamed. We're not husband and wife. But I've cherished each moment with you. I'm so glad you're in my life. You're new to me. You're my prison bitch. My prison bitch, you're not like a man. I'm glad we share a prison cell. I like to go out and sing. I can't accept who I feel. Now that will be a crime. As long as I am to a new, I don't mind a lifetime. Calls your mind, prison bitch. My prison bitch, and I have no regrets. I got you for a candy bar, and a pack of cigarettes. And first you were resistant to. But now you're all my friends. I knew that I would get you in the end. Oh, prison bitch. Prison bitch. I guess that you were sent from above above above. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. I know you are my prison girl. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm a prison bitch, you're prison bitch. And you're a sex machine. I'm a lonely, hell, but one request. How about some, you best of leisure? I'm tired of this prison cell. I need to get away. And it's sentenced to seven years. Now I'm seven times a day. I'm your prison bitch. You're in fall, man. I can't hear you. I really hate these markers. That you've done to not my back. I thought that I could break away. But now I'm losing hope. I got I'm part of the pin of the soul. And all right. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Prison bitch. Turn up the lights, cause I can hardly wait. Oh, there's a bitch. Prison bitch. When I get out, I'll get you to go straight. I know my prison bitch. My prison bitch. I'll never say goodbye. You're not like all the others. Too bad they had to die. On the second thought I'd live after it. If you want me to. Your prison bitch is never leaving you. And I first knew about you, but now you're my son. That's a perfect man. I know that. No, I know that. You know I know why they call you home. Hard to kill. You're not the find out when you call this the polky. Almost forgot that. Thanks to favorites for reminding me or we'd be in big trouble. Well, kill two minutes. 151 at W. I. O. D. Happy Monday. We apologize profusely for the interpret first two hours with that bad microphone. With the faulty equipment, which is pretty unusual here at Paxton Broadcasting. Pretty unusual for us to have faulty stuff. By the way, did you see one? Did you run into him? One, a man, you didn't see me. He was in here to get his check. One, one's a man, a man, a man. He said he's doing it over there. A channel 7 and they're all smiling about it. Here's my me beach on a mobile. Hello. Yes, sir. Let me pick up your own quick. Listen, a little thing there for you listeners to be low on the lookout for when they're going out to the arena. Yeah. There's some of these guys in blue. They call themselves city of Miami Police Department. Yeah. Well, they're doing a little something funny with those tickets that some folks are considered scalped. Yeah. They're confiscating them and giving them back to somebody they call a scalper to resell them. Hey. Now, don't tell me there's a scam going on out there at the arena. Yep. I'd like to know. A first and my own. A first and my own. A first and my own. A first and my own. They might just be the ones that are taking their tax money too. You know, it's funny because one of my chronic listeners came over in the beginning for the out of a game. And he almost got thrown into a horse go for scalping a ticket. Well, I'll tell you. To find out about them. If you can buy them for below things value, these guys are going to take the ticket away from you. Yeah. The guy who sells them to you just kind of like just wanders off. Yeah. And you know, officer friendly there takes tickets. The ticket is fine. It gives you a few exposures and on to the next corner. He passes them off to Mr. Joe scalper. That's interesting because they do confiscate the tickets. You're right. Oh, they confiscate it. And they also save you got any other ones there. And of course, if you're stupid enough to say, yes, and you give it to them, you're making them some big bucks. I'll take everything you've got and clean your short rack. I'll throw those right back to somebody else. Great. So if you want to let your listeners know that, and I, and I, and I, and I encourage them to call in a little bit of the people know they're not there on the, the, the track too. Okay. All right, man. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Scam. Ticket scam. Arrhenis scam. There you go. Hey, boy. What's that in you out? I was going to say it's six to two nine four six three six two two W I O D on a great Monday on a tumultuous Monday at W I O D where every day is a great day where every day is a picnic without the ants. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I think this way, waterproof, apartment, or a bunch of pigs. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay, Don. Thanks a lot. I was at Don on a phone that was done. That was him. Get a haircut, Don. haircut. Yes, you know. Let's do a poll. Should Don get a haircut. So, Stan, what was this, I'd tell me that stands off that never thing that he head into a big concerto. Thompson with somebody. How unusual. Come on, Stan. You got to put the food on the table. Maybe I don't have any money to be loaning anymore. We have an open line in date six two two W I O D. We have one on a purple, the mobile one line of all places, which is impossible at pond I O D. Yeah, we better have a big night at the track tonight. Fat Rich. I'll tell you that. Mr. Hot Shot there. He's got all the answers to every race. He's got the inside, the outside, the skinny, the fat. I want to tell us this. This is a facts for eight months ago. I called told you that would one facts you this story. And, oh, father Murphy. And it's a poet. Look at the printing there, George. Maybe if I'm like a real good one day, I'll be able to read that. If I get my health back. Here's four-laterdale. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Long time listen. Excellent day. I've got a great cop story for you. Okay. I'm coming home on Brower Boulevard. Yeah. And Fort Lauderdale, east of federal, very busy part of Brower Boulevard. Yes. About four o'clock on Friday. Yeah. When I noticed this commotion up about a half mile ahead, all the cars are stopping. I think it's an accident. But when I get closer, it's actually cop in training, stopping traffic with their arms. And 40 F2 on a Friday. Oh, my God. There were in those little boy. Oh, yeah. You guys neck. Yeah. There were in those schoolboy horns crossing guard things. And they're out in the middle of the street practicing how to stop traffic. What do you want to go out there? Break that **** you guys neck. Yeah. Okay, Wayne. Yeah. And the one in particular, this check looks like she's getting attacked by a swarm of killer bees. Yeah. She's waving all over the place and stopping cars. She's almost caused an accident. And I thought, you know, hey, this is the law. They're all in training. That's nice gone. Yeah. I'd love to see her attack so I was going to work. That's like when they put the trainee board ups on the middle of the day at my show between 10 and 2 in prime time. Same thing. Yeah. George. The other geniuses. Yep. All right. Thanks for the good news. I didn't enjoy that. Okay. In closing, can I call someone to do Spag? Do you my guest? Brad, you are an internet leasing dupe. Okay. Thanks, Neil. See ya. So anyway, anybody seen Brad Pitt's penis on the internet yet. Everybody seen that. Everybody seen Brad Pitt on the internet. Tell you one thing. He may not be all at the gigantic, but he sure can't act. For a kid that looks as good as he does. He couldn't act as a way out of a paper sack. What's in the box? You talk about somebody desperately trying to be somebody else. Now Matt Dylan, that kid always was trying to be a combination between Marlon Brando and somebody I can't figure out. Okay. Always wanted to be somebody else. Brad Pitt in seven was desperately trying to be Marlon. Everybody wants to be Marlon Brando. Which is only one Marlon Brando. And this is which why do you want to be Marlon Brando anyway? That damn fact that I can't stand him. God, he must wait like 700 pounds, not us any? In fact, he's so big they were going to make Godfather four five and six all at the same time with Marlon doing all the roles. Eat and all the roles. Poor Marlon man, they had to kill him off in the first movie. Don Koyong. I am Marlon and grateful that you have invited me to your daughter's wedding. Exactly. One fifty seven of W.Y.D. Do yourself a favor and go see by the way, February's like Donny Brasco. There's one vote from our movie review crowd. Everybody else hated it like poison, except a couple listeners, couple of New Yorkers and Riches from New York anyway. Everybody else said, don't go see it. Go see the Godfather. Okay. Then you'll understand where all these lines are that we use on the show all the time that everybody in the world keeps repeating these lines. How can you understand what we're talking about if you haven't seen the Godfather? For your father, for your father. Right? Leave the gun. Take the canole. Have you haven't seen Godfather? What tell does that mean? Do you know what I'm saying? Come to the park and play folks. Pompatote park where Monday, like tonight, is two for one night. I'm going to be there plunging my brains out. We better win big tonight, Fatso. That's right. You can go to Pompatote park and get two for one with the coupon found in the Race program or in Monday's Sun Sentinel. Two clubhouse admissions for the price of one. Two Pompatote park race programs for the price of one. The top of the park dining room's got two complete dinners for just twenty bucks. Two is from fish, roasted chicken or prime rib. Dinner on the top of the park also includes garden salad, dessert, coffee or tea. Taxing with two of these are not included. Reservations always recommended because the places always packed. Don't forget the Pompatote park Wednesday is seniors night for just four bucks. Anyone, 55 or older. I'm getting close. For just four bucks on Wednesday, anybody 55 or older can buy a ticket to the Grand Stent and Fritz, which gives them admission. Seating Pompatote park race program, two dollar betting voucher, a hot dog and a soft drink. Bring your own bag. Your best bet of the night is the seniors for dollar deal. And TGIF, that's right. Friday is TGIF at Pompatote park, a dollar put-wise adrap beer and dollar all beef hot dogs all might long. So don't forget Pompatote park with full card sample casting, starting at noon every day and advance weighturing as well. Poker every day, beginning at 530 live race nights, no live racing Tuesday or Sunday. Pompatote park, going to be a big night tonight. We're going to win thousands of bring a bushel basket. Take all of it in your home. Pompatote park at Lantic Boulevard, just west of 95 at Power La.