6. TAM WIOD. NEO Rodgers. While you're goofing off in work, yeah. 6. TAM WIOD. You call this big market radio? I don't... I don't... Right night, Tomman, I won't go home. Chocolate boarding, but a pill. Right night, Tomman, you want to go home. Suicide, Mom. It can't kill. Right night, Tomman, you want to go home. And Mr. Horlard, Tally up your body. Right night, Tomman, you want to go home. And Mr. Horlard, Tally up your body. Right night, Tomman, you want to go home. 6. TAM WIOD. NEO Rodgers. Right night, Tomman, you want to go home. 6. TAM WIOD. NEO Rodgers. Right night, Tomman, you want to go home. And Mr. Horlard, Tally up your body. Right night, Tomman, you want to go home. And Mr. Horlard, Tally up your body. Don't man, you want to go home. I'll use you for a bunch of football shots. Right night, Tomman, you want to go home. Seed, there's been risk in the club. Right night, Tomman, you want to go home. 6. TAM WIOD. NEO Rodgers. NEO Rodgers. Right night, Tomman, you want to go home. 6. TAM WIOD. NEO Rodgers. NEO Rodgers. Meal guy. L'icomman, you want to go home. And Mr. Horlard, Tally up your body. Right night, Tomman, you want to go home. This is down. Pellazo, he is down. Pellazo, he is at a shore. He will agree. Pellazo, Pellazo, he is at a shore. He will agree. Pellazo, Pellazo, he is at a shore. He will agree. Pellazo, he is at a shore. He will agree. When we get a soft summer breeze, he can so high for Pellazo, L'icomman, you want to go home. Pellazo, he is at a shore. Pellazo, he is at a shore. He will agree. Pellazo, he is at a shore. He will agree. Pellazo, he is at a shore. Okay, the sky is falling, baby. Make Domestika, about it. Pellazo, he is at a shore. I leave here yesterday, I get in the car and I hear Rick and William Jones, Pellazo, and they are talking about this a twisty and about it's on TV. Take a look at these pictures. There is no question about it. Just look at the front of the sun, it is morning. There it is. Pretty goddamn impressive if I say so myself. Amazing. But. But. Yet another opportunity for certain incredibly irresponsible people on here. I don't want to mention no names. You understand. Certain hysterical butterflies on here. Pepa, pepa, pepa, pepa, pepa, pepa, like the world is coming to an end. The sky is absolutely falling. I mean, you talk about milking something big time. I want to do, I give you the real thing, I need to. Well, thank you so much, Brian. He was on here on channel 4. I'm going to tell you, he was at least 45 feet off the ground. 10 feet more than usual. I mean, he was just floating like a hummingbird and he. Pepa, pepa, pepa, pepa, pepa, pepa, pepa, just over and over and over again. And it was like a pissing contest among the all channels on her to see which one could show you this Twister more. I guarantee even in the movie Twister they never showed anything as many times as this. Over and over again. Did anybody get hurt? Did anybody get like seriously seriously hurt? No. I mean, was it like the end of the world? No. And did anybody really understand what this was all about this act of God? No. I want you to stop and think about it. Okay? Because the God of the Jews and the Christians is always kind of like screwing up. You know, he's kind of inept. He means well, well, maybe don't mean well, but whether he means well or not, he's always screwed up a little bit. And he was so pissed off and why did God some bad information? Why is busy? You've got to understand this. He's all over the place handling a lot of things. But the word was that the heat next game was here in the arena last night, not in New York. And as an act of his to show his wrath to carry out the wrath of the heat fans, the Lord put this tornado right down there downtown, not only close to the arena, but if you look on a front page of the Sun Sentinel, there is look at that from Pier 55 in the port of Miami. There's one of those big cruise ships. I wanted to move on to that one. Just a stone's throw, just a rock's throw from this gigantic big black ugly twister. So not only did he get the wrong information on where the heat game was, but he also liked it was a little bit off. But hey, came pretty damn close. I'm gonna get the crap out of everybody. It was a message for Mickey Harrison as what it was. A message for that goddamn Mickey Harrison as what it was. We got new phone numbers by the way today. We're not really sure why. In Broward 733 WIOD and date 755 WIOD. The purple lines are saying the other time lines are the same. We got brand new date and Broward numbers. And whoever calls in date and Broward are going to be the very first ones on WIOD with these new numbers. Wow, you can write that in your diary. A long with this very important information. You know, I brought up that thing about the heat ticket prices yesterday and nobody. I'll nobody wanted to play the game yesterday period because they were all busy thinking the world was coming to an end. Wait a minute, here it is. WIOD. Yeah, come on, Neil. Our first call on the new number on the date line. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Oh, my God, you realize what an important call is, sir. Yes. You've made it. Yeah, your life now has meaning. Thank God, I'm glad I got through. There you go. Hey, I want to say George Rodriguez is the best guy in the world. No question about it. Because remember that punk, I won the Ed Jovenowski punk. Right. And I got two days later. All right. Yeah, he's on. He's quick. He's quick. It's for the life sizzling a bit too quick, but he's quick. And you are. Thank you, sweetheart. Have a good day. And back to you. Okay. There's a happy camper right there. And I wish one should I take in Broward. Should I do four? Don't touch him. They're all flashing now. Frantically because the audience is trying out. It's like a game. And by the way, speak of numbers. Here's a number for you. 80. 80. Okay. Since these, uh, packs and people are Can't keep this straight answer. They lie. Lying is like a way of life with them. So it looks like there's a possibility that I might actually be stuck here through the 30th of September, which is the last possible day. So I took the Jewish calendar, which on the wall will be here coincidentally. I think it's another act of God. It only goes through September, right through September 30th. You know, is that George September 30th is the last day on our Jewish calendar round of wall. I think it's another act of God, damn it. And so anyway, I just tell it up taking out vacations and no sick days yet. But, uh, because there could be a lot of those. But taking out vacations, 80 shows after today on WOD for us. Max. That's the max. That's a lot. 80. He's a cake. Or I didn't say max, did I? He's gone. But at any rate, so 80, we can count on him. Together, you know, we got that in Sip and Regio and one of many. The one that really kills me is, feel our pain. Feel our, yeah, feel our pain all right. Every time I hear that I'm feeling pain, I got such a twisting in my every time I hear these Regio and it's right down on your calendar right now. After today, Max, 80 shows for Uncle Neil and Georgia on WOD Max. Since these besties want to play the game. Well, we have a right to keep them off the air out the fall. Great. Fine. Great. Good luck to you, okay? Well, I'll start the other joint. You anywhere, the first great way to break it in the new year. But in the meantime, have a little rock money, so they don't have any. They don't even understand what that means. He's stupid, go. Okay, our first call and brought on the new line. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. There you go. Yes. I'm right. All right. Your life is worth living now, sir. Yes, it is. Put this day down in your diarrhea. Yes, so Neil, you've got so 80 is the magic number for you. Right. Yes. And it's very interesting, because that now you're on the 7th or 3 exchange of here. I remember the, the white bulb used to be a 7th or 3. Oh, my God, leave it to this guy to finger this out. It's a packed and plot. They're turning us in a light bulb, junior. That's right. I wouldn't be surprised if Steve came on here like any day now. That's right. When it's go against going to start advertising. Go against is going to be out with Mark Shionbomb. That's right. All right, Neil. I'll see you. You want your school kids, coupons? Sure. Okay, hold on. All right. Ha ha ha ha ha. Anybody want to go to school kids with Mark Shionbomb? All right. By the way, yesterday, I was like, well, I guess all of us were kind of a deep funk yesterday. And the guy called about that traffic right off the bed. I had a few calls about the traffic thing. And I was saying it was the Sun Sentinel. Well, see, I don't read the Sunday thing anyway. The magazine, which is sunshine in the Sun Sentinel, traffic is in a Harold. And if I were to know that right off the bat, which I should have known since they were sucking around with Dave Berry in the Sun Sentinel, wouldn't do that. It was the Harold with another self-aggrandizing piece. The good guys, like Dave Berry, who just happens to work for the Harold. And the bad guys like Neil Rogers, who's we got his head in an alligator, who sucks in blows, even though we can quote chapter and verse everything he says on here. If I would have known it was the Harold, I wouldn't have wasted my time. It was the same Harold that up until today, by the way, since they're in bed with Mickey Harrison, and they have common interest in raping the public in Dave County. It was the same Harold who up until today, very, nonchalantly missed this whole big story about the eight ticket prices. And finally today, finally today, because everybody else in the media is carrying on like crazy, including Dave Joseph. Nice going Dave, another great column by Dave Joseph of the Sun Sentinel, and even an editorial in the Sun Sentinel today, and just excoriating Mickey Harrison, these great robbers with the heat. How many people after last night's debacle are going to be lined up from here to Oca from Vol. 2, Ocalla to go see the goddamn heat for five million dollars tomorrow night. What a disgrace. What a shame and a scam. Get a scam, the scam and a sham. Unbelievable. Raping the public out there, and here you've got these freaks, these freaks of nature like Alonzo morning, who's about nine feet 10, who dunks to ball, looking down where they're the basket. And there, and he's this guy's making $16 million this year, couldn't make a free throw of your stuck in Ozea possessed. And these guys, though, we've got to hit increased ticket prices because these guys are making a big money, and they make more money for the playoffs. Right. So the public is expecting to be raped out there and pillaged and looted these poor work and bastards who I'm not talking about guys like me that are making a few bucks. I'm talking about these four guys with real jobs out there that work morning, noon, and night, some of them six, some of them seven days a week to try to make ends meet to try to stick it where the moon don't shine. And what does the heat turn around and do? They stick it right up with deep inside your echo. That's right. The great heat, which have given nothing but source to the public, for ever since they came to this town ever since they darkened our door if you pardon that expression. Is that a racist thing you bet? How about a white man's for when is hockey start again here for Christ's takes? Oh, we got some more coming up. Yeah. Thank God. Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday for the Fox people, we had to push the next round back the semi-files just to make the Fox people happy so they put that blowing, glowing thing on her again and impress everybody. Look at these lines, flash, your man. They got into it now. They got a new play toy. They got new phone numbers that might actually work. W-Y-O-D on a mobile. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Same old mobile number though. Yeah, I know. That's okay. Yeah, I thought down. I would say yes. I'm just going to say, you know, when the heat loses, we don't get a rebate. That's right. How about after last night's getting out of slice to prices by 90% and say, hey, we've gone to give you a bunch of money back because we suck and we choke. Yeah, even Eddie the Pope said they choked it. It's terrible. And that was before last night's game. How all these proteins slap the fans at supposedly supportive and defaced. Yeah, and then I'm reading about the NBA policy of all these other teams. You know, the good quality yesterday and it was a little bit skeptical because I couldn't believe it. But the other NBA teams, I mean, they announced it ahead of time at least. They don't do it like you're right in the middle like the heat did. But they announced ahead of time. They're all, yeah, it was the further we go along and play off. The higher the prices are going to be. What kind of a scam is that? For these multi-million dollar paid goons. These are literate freaks of nature. What is that? Well, I say this, Andy NBA now. Yeah, of course, too late. You get the feet Dennis Rodman and drag. Yeah, there you go. Like I said, I risked my case. You made it for me. Thank you so much. And have a great life. Dennis Rodman, we need right like we need a lock and cup as they say in the Ukraine. Like we need a lock and cup, baby. Like we need another lock right next to our right. Man, oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, shabby's fans catch heat in flagrant foul. editorial in the goddamn sun sental today. Okay. Dave Joseph with a column, even at little puss that pudwacker Craig Greg Co-tech's in a Harold deceiving its fans. That's the heat ticket as Mickey Harrison once again. First they raped the Saudi the whole day county and especially the city of Miami. And he got the mayor and my mayor of penis in his pocket. Anybody out there got a penis in your pocket. There you go. He sure has Mickey Harrison. He's got a penis in his pocket. It's Alex the penis the mayor of Dave County. Who pledged that he wouldn't go. He wouldn't go along with his thing. He would be the one guy that would stand up at all of a sudden. He laid right down and spread him. Big time. He laid down rolled over and spread him with a smile on his push that Julio bastard. 1015 at Wild. Mobile 1 said it said it in the network is breaking all the rules man. 80 shows in counting. I can see now that we got a reduced to real number. Even though it's a fairly large number. It's like being on death row. It's like he keeps crashing him off and sooner or later. Or is it the other way around. Anyway, mobile 1 said it in the network has breaking all the rules for a very limited time. Mobile 1 is offering to their multi line corporate rate to individuals with only one or two phones. Whether they be digital or analogue. That's right. You don't need 100 employees and 25 cellular phones to qualify for this mighty low corporate rate of only 14. 95 a month. And only 32 cents a minute peak time. Plus you can add unlimited night and weekend calling for as little as 495 a month with Bell South and AT&T. You're getting ripped off. You're getting raped. You're paying 1995 a month and 49 cents a minute. They're charging you a 46% more every month. So unless you're a billionaire unless money doesn't matter to you. In real numbers, you want to save some serious bucks here. The way to do it with mobile 1. They'll save you a 54 cents on every two minute call. Digital or analogue. Call of the day. It starts saving right away. We're talking 20 40 50. Maybe a lot more every month. 1 800 phone M1, but this special offer and soon. So you better hurry and get right on it today. Pick up the phone and call 1 800 phone M1 for mobile 1. 6. WIOD. Wake nice. And more important. What did about people that are so miserable that they got to feel like they've got to say that they've met OJ Simpson? Now this is one thing. It's this was 20 years ago and it's still playing with the bills. All right. Fine. I'll kill the call. Now it's like disgusting. Let me get you set up a do the world tour. We'll start off with Charlie Manson. We'll work on right now. Blocking girls. 6. WIOD. Wonderful. I'll have dementia. 6. WIOD. The module I. Oh, dude. And now the sound of Pamela Lee breastfeeding on the set of Baywatch. Oh, that's good. Pretty good stuff, Pamela. Yeah. Pretty good stuff. 1019 at WIOD. Mickey Arreston is the anti-Christ. Make no mistake about it. By the way, I believe nobody's ever going to tell me the real story on this. I believe that the great ski Anderson probably one of the best talk showhorst I've ever heard my life. I think he was blown out here. I don't think he resigned to go back to Indiana. He was going to buy a house here. Don't buy a house. He was going to buy a house here. And all of a sudden it comes on here Sunday morning and mysteriously after he just before the heat game comes on here. He cast the gates and chastises the unmentioned number one king weasel as Dave Joseph calls him into paper this morning. Mickey Arreston for raping the fans with these unconscionable ticket increases. And all of a sudden guess what the next day we get in the nounce but he's gone. He resigned to go back to Indiana with our dean Taylor. How do you like that? With a banjo on his thing. I don't buy it. I think that he was blown out of here because he had the audacity to hutspa the balls to go on here and rip king weasel. That's right. That's exactly what I'm going to tell you. Dave Joseph should get a Pulitzer Prize, the Congressional Medal of Honor, and a million dollars in cash for his column in a Sun Sentinel today. The editorial page is pretty good to fans catch eat in flagrant foul, which I won't waste my time reading that it's pretty good. But it's nothing like Dave Joseph's count. Forget about Greg Co. Techson and Harold I got no credibility anyway. They tried to hide this till they figured out everybody was pissed off and he better write about it. Saturday Sunday Monday, three days they said nothing about it all he did was a very very Cavalry renounce but like oh yeah tickets go on sale but they knew about the price and increased they know people were getting raped. Everybody else was writing about it and finally very late. The two late to have an credibility is usual. The Harold jumps on a bandwagon with a Greg Co. Techs article which says where is it? Which says, uh, deceiving its fans that's the heat ticket and they got like tons of stuff about cheap hardly and about the most expensive offered exeats in the whole NBA and Yadiyada. And I'm going to tell you even those of you who don't care about the eat which is most of us or basketball or the arena. I want you to stop and think about this okay. All of the things that we are lacking that this whole thing with the arena and the port of Miami and no casino gambling in South Florida. Why? Because of the greed of one man. Because his casino industry man his casino industry which exists offshore on his cruise ships would crumble to the ground. This multi billion dollar empire would right out of the bottom of the Atlantic and the Caribbean if we had casino gambling or there is a one sucker that would get off the airport and go to the stupid cruise ships and get the same amount of money. And the thing that we are lacking is that the casino is on land here. Don't forget the rate. Food on the ships. Then the great food. Well, it's what I'm talking about. Pukin your guts out after you have the great food by the head a couple of drinks to try to notice that the ship is rocking back and forth and you can't figure out is it because you're pukin from the food or is it because the seas are really choppy or whatever it is or you're getting raped and ripped off. King Weasel man for the eras and family. Them and a Miami hurled on day county. They own this guy damn town and they're the reason we don't have casino gambling. And that's the reason traffic magazine takes every shot they can in the arrages because here is the one guy that gets on the air. It isn't the freight open up a big post. It isn't going to be sent on a bus pack in the Indiana dammit. Indiana is so bad. I once lived in Holland. It's not too bad compared to this place. But at any rate. I mean, this is such a such a scandal. It is so outrageous. Here's here is pop a tent over there with his nine billion dollars in Israel. No taxes. Here's the cruise lines all of which are ships registry to some other guy damn country. Paying no taxes to the US. Here's all of these so called tourists getting off of you see him every time you come into the airport for a lot of day or Miami. And here's all these guys with their signs waiting for these big groups of suckers waiting to get herded like sheep out of these cruise ships. Never stop and spend a dime in his town. They never stop here and stay in a hotel. They never stop here and buy a newspaper. They never stay here and spend one thinking rotten goddamn. And they never stop here and buy a newspaper. So, Mickey Harrison and the other great robbers can stick them on their cruise ships. And then once they get three miles outside the limits. Then it's okay to go and plunge your brains up. And they got slot machines which are evil on land but they're okay on cruise ships. Okay, we keep hearing from Bobby Butterworth and a lot in child. Oh slot machines. It's evil. We can't have those slot machines. Don't tell me why I have no idea. Pokers okay but slot machines are evil. It's the work of the devil. Satan likes the slot machines. He gets off every time he hears that thing spin around. And the machine too. But it's okay once he gets three miles outside of the territorial whatever the hell it is. The US thing limits. And you're out there in international waters. And nobody's got any. And nobody can tell you what they do out there. Then it's okay. Then it's great. Then the devil's looking the other way I guess. I mean you talk about a hypocritical bunch of horse crap okay. And now this guy after giving after feeding a bunch of sewage to the public here. And ripping off the public with this arena that's going to cost you four date taxpayers. Hundreds and hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars. Thousands by as millions of dollars over the next 10 years. Which was told to the public and how about that election? And anybody remember that? Oh we forget real fast. How the results flip flop there real quick. And how they got the wording on a ballot backwards. So nobody could understand it. I'm not saying they ramrought it this thing through. Much. And then all of a sudden the new mayor who campaigned against the thing. Well he changed the head of change of heart just before the election. He made him an offer he couldn't refuse. Oh yeah Mickey spent it all money to build his own arena right. The fact that's going to cost the day taxpayers. Millions and millions and millions of dollars over the next many many years. Well we can't be bothered to worry about that. It's going to be great. And here's these freaks of nature like I said, Making millions. Here's the guy making 16 million dollars for Christ's sake. Audit ought to be embarrassed to take the check. Audit be humiliated and degraded. And here's the same Harold and traffic magazine right in about the money that I'm supposed to be making. Which they made the numbers up by the way. Some more power to them. They're all bent out of shape about that. Nobody has to listen to this show. Okay, doesn't cost anything. Listen to this show. It's free. But if you want to go see a bunch of freaks playing basketball, it's going to cost you a big, big bucks now man to see them lose the last game of the series, which it will be. Unfricing, believable and unacceptable Mickey Harrison. Shame on you. And shame on politicians that suck at your feet. And we know about the Harold really need to talk about them. A bunch of grave robbers raping this public for as long as they've been able to. A bunch of virulent anti-semites. There are disgrace to the human race. And of course, then we had to buy me news years ago, which they managed successfully to as their stepchild, siphon out of business so they could have their own monopoly in Dave County. Two million people in Dave County, we got one newspaper that the public has to rely on for their propaganda for their bullcraft. And that's exactly what it is. Unbelievable. And that whole scenario that went down while everybody else was sleeping while the public back here was a word about the early burdenor. And about lottery tickets. Whatever the hell they're worried about in this sandwich I can't figure out. While all this was going on, everybody's looking the other way. While the public is being had. And now this guy comes along and has got the hutspa. And this folksman of his man unbelievable. Unbelievable these comments about well, you know, we're just trying to counteract this scalpers. Scalpers my ass. If you sold the tickets at fair prices, they'd all be gone already anyway. Oh no, but if the scalpers are going to make big bucks like the article about up in New York, you're 13, however, bucks for two tickets or whatever it all was, what we do. So if the scalpers do, we can say, well, they're bad people. They're rip off artists. Okay, we expect scalpers to rate the public, but you don't expect a team to rate the public. That's the point. Oh, we better get the money out of me for the scalpers. Do that's basically what this guy's saying because those nine billion dollars evidently aren't enough. When billionaires start raping you people, that's when you should say, up your ass. Anybody in this town that renews their heat tickets for next season, man, you must be out of your mind. Anybody who's not, what do they call these other people? We're one of the artists, about 400 articles on here. It must be in a Harold thing. The comment that they made about the fair weather, fans who aren't the season ticket holders, but just show up during the playoffs. I guess their money doesn't spend, huh? I guess their money doesn't smell right. They're right color, right Mickey. So all you people, all you fair weather people, don't show up all the time because you can't afford the baggage for season tickets. But maybe we would like to go to again that has a little bit of significance, perhaps, or a supposed to, they don't give a crap about you. You're just a bunch of tag along. So they deserve to be. Let their animals anyway, let them lose their souls. That's what they're saying to you, okay? This is one of the biggest disc races ever to hit this town, man. And it is all over the place. It's on every newspaper, it's on the editorial page. Even a goddamn Harold, like I said, can't restrain themselves. They have to jump on a bad button because it's indefensible and unconscionable. Like I said, let's go Marlins. Oops. 1028, it's W.I.D. Speaking of that, may Marlins fans, sunshine networks, fifth season. Marlins coverage continues tonight. What a segue. Nice going. Thank you. The same place you'll find the Atlantic Division Champion. Mommy Heat. And a bunch of lovely guys and a staff of Sion winners too. Jim Lee Lens, Marlins featuring Bobby Bonilla, Gary Shephield, who's hitting over 220 now, W.I.D.L. and Jeff Kona. The road to the Pented Go is to Atlanta. You better believe that. And the Marlins have their sights set on the division leading braves. Sunshine Network will showcase 14 Marlins games this month. So, and may, if you're looking for the Marlins, look to Sunshine Network. And guess what? I won't cost you a penny to watch it either. The same place you'll find the Atlantic Division Champion. Mommy Heat. The National Champion for the Gators and the Florida State Semitals. Watch the Marlins face the braves tonight on Sunshine Network. Starting at 7.30. And see why Sunshine be the leader in Florida sports coverage. I'm heavily some fifteenier Rogers. So can people believe this crap, you know what? There are other opinions. But not for long. For 6.10. W.I.O.D. I'm dying out of the hands. I didn't know we would dead. The sound of Kermit The Frog. And Miss Piggy. Having sex. And I'm asking for a hug. A hug. A hug. A hug. A hug. A hug. The sound of Marchin Homer Simpson. Having sex. Good. Oh, do we all die of all? Oh, God. God. God. God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. How about the sound of Mickey Erson and Mayor penis Heaven sucks. That'll be coming up next. So to speak. 1032 at W.I.D. We got brand new numbers now. Broward 73, 3W.I.O.D. and date 755 W.I.D. And the others remain the same. Here's Fort Lauderdale on the mobile. Hello. Yes, sir. You're on fire this morning. Yes, I am. I'm pissed off, man. I'm so sick and tired of this town having to be held back because of a greedy bunch of billionaires who want everything for themselves. No, I know. I don't care about basketball. Yeah. Screw it. Did you honestly the press conference last night with Riley? No, I did not. I just have to have my day off when I watched that crap. Well, I've not that you would intentionally have seen it. Maybe slept in through the channel. I don't know. I caught the like about 10 seconds of it on Howard's Darnish morning with they were playing because he was such a baby. He was just outright crying, cutting it, team down, so he had never seen such a poor performance. They choked and he walked out. Oh, must be contagious. Must be going around here, huh? Yeah. Yeah, simply rubbing off. They're all whining and crying. Oh, thanks for the good news, pal. When is the hockey start up again? It's hopefully soon. We have an open line on a purple line. Powered IOD, the mobile one line. We have two and a brawards. Seven, uh, three, three. WOD. I better check those out to do numbers. Seven, three, three. WOD in the one in day. Seven, five, five, nine, four, six, three. I want to be motion out of this crowd today. I don't want another dead head day here today. I want to be motion out of these people of live here and seen all of this and are getting a little bit ticked off who've headed up to their ears already. Just sitting back and watching mercilessly as a group of money grabbers just continue controlling every goddamn thing that goes on in this town for their own selfish interests. This place could be paradise, man. We could actually have living and breathing people here again. Instead of this bogus tourist industry based on a bunch of illegal aliens watching up on a shore and that's a pass is off as something going on here positive. This could be a place. This could be paradise. But what do we got? We got a bunch of we got one news paper in Dave County that believes everything's got to be in their own interests, which they stand to make millions and millions and millions and dollars. If and when they pushed through this whole downtown redevelopment thing there down on the Bayfront for Mickeyerson and his cruise ships. Unbelievable. One of the biggest scams in history and everybody in his town just sits back there, but I like that. That's the reason this town is the way it is because nobody is involved. Nobody gives a flying crack. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Yes sir. I just called said he heard that Riley crying on the Howard's turned shelf. Yeah. He wasn't far enough to figure out that was a rerun. He was crying about the video. He didn't know you're next to the losing. No. Howard's been gone doing his deal. Yeah. Anyway. You mean what? Well, also in other words, it was the whole thing was a tape? Yeah. Well, don't tell us, guy. You just ruined his whole life. No. Okay. Thanks for the bad news. Okay. We have an open line in Broward's 7339463. Very good. I'm getting the numbers right here today. Of course, I never remember as the other ones, so it was a good deal. Now maybe I can work on these. 80 days. Oh my god. Around the world in 80 days. That's a great idea. I just have what a promotional thing. We can go out and take the show under road. There's a lot of people around the world in his last 80 days in IOD. And we can do the show like maybe from money, Carlota Marl. We can join Howard in cans. This. Yeah. And we can do the show. Of course, that would cost a lot of money. We should don't want to do that. We don't want to spend any of the money, but radio money and TV money. Because he's got a lot and buy a lot more stations. So a lot more people can lose their jobs like that TV station New York yesterday. Here's Hollywood. Hello. What's that? God. Oh, Jesus. Oh, I'm a big fellow. I don't know. Yes sir. Two things. Mickey. I think it's so cool. And it's fast before. It's so red. It's a pest. Yeah. Shut up your tuckest Mickey. Shut up in touch. Yeah. I can't afford a good vacuum. I'm going to know that even if I quit I wouldn't go. Right. And the second thing. But I'm really cool yesterday. First off the corner. And the one with us. The guiding light either. Yeah. How do you like that? I go home to watch the guiding light. And we missed most of it. And the Brian or crosses on their repeating the same crap over and over and show that video. If they didn't show that video that the funnel found 6,000 times between 3 and 3 30, they didn't show it once. This man is so out of control. Every time there's a cloud there's a sprinkle in here. This man's on their hyperventilating. You can't even side-close. Nobody died. That's a signature. Right. Right. It was a very graphic thing to see. It was phenomenal footage. But you show it a couple of times. You put the damn show on here. Here poor Reavis getting she's in jail for Christ's sakes. How many people are dying in the city of Miami? They've got to show something that didn't do much damage to her for 12 hours. Right. And we got to miss part of the guiding light. They should hang their heads in shame. Brian or Norcrox should be hung for that. I don't even think somebody for letting us deal with Brian or cross for a hour. Good point. Have a great day. Thank you so much. We have an open line in date. 7559, 463, 755, WID. Those border lines, the out of town lines, the audio lines. There's still a save number. There's still dead. 1 triple 8474946. We'll figure why bother changing those because nobody ever calls them anyway. So why waste our time? 1 8884749463. Hey, the last dawn is on tonight. Don't miss episode number two unless you can. Don't miss that. Why did I write down time Shannon on here? Why did I write that down? I write down John Shannon. Oh, John Shannon, the CBC. That's what I wrote. I thought I wrote Tommy Shannon down on here. Let's play some CKLW jingles. I wrote down John Shannon from the CBC who sent me that. Tape finally after three years. Three years. I raised home yesterday. Listen to all this crap. The world is coming to win. I don't care about guiding light. I don't care about Brian or cross. I flip my bill. He would tape it. I think there. And here's some clips from games. It's from years gone by. They stopped. Yeah. It was pretty weak, John. I mean, better late than never. Who might have complained after three years of weighting, but for it. That was pretty weak stuff. Here is Miami. Hello. And me help? Yes, man. How are you? Okay. I'm listening to the next from the Eloslated Aes. Great. Listen, I know you don't like the Harold. Don't like the Harold. Yeah. That's what I saying. I don't like Hitler. I know I don't like to Harold either. I want you to read great Cody's column today. I just got you talking about that. Oh, you did not help. Finally. Now. I talked about I'm not going to dig the fire him by reading this column for three days the hero that was mum they were the only ones that found a way nothing to say about these unconscionable ticket exchanges and now after everybody else finally screaming and yelling finally at long last the hero doesn't bear us they got to join in yeah he really gave it to him I wish you'd read the whole thing what on the year yeah yeah okay hold your breath okay we have an open line in date seven five five nine four six three one brown at seven three three w i'm going to read Greg Coat Texas column on here if i read anything in its entirety on here will be Dave Joseph common as uncentil which blows all the other stuff away it blows even bigger than that tornado yesterday blows it all away a clear-solid bull crap erasins arrogance inflated just like his ticket prices he says does he run his other businesses this way if you take a ride on carnival cruise lines do erasins representatives tell you when say Thomas there's an additional five hundred dollar charge if you want to return to the port of Miami do flight attend to saske you for an extra fifty bucks on carnival airlines when they check to see if your seat belt is securely fastened no Mickey wins the title king weasel day Joseph said not only for trying to squeeze the last dollar out of heat fans who patiently waited years to save us such a playoff series but for insulting them Sunday with his idea of damage control a couple of Mickey's weasel minions said they regretted not giving notice of the ticket increase so while they wouldn't refund the money the heat announced that would reimburse the differential in the ticket price with a credit to a heat merchandise what they do what a joke Joseph says what an insult what a slap in the post obviously king weasel an associate think this is a great idea they must also think the teams fans are idiots not aware that he will still make money through profits on a merchandise how do you like that and it goes on and on and on and on and on and king weasel is right on target baby and as usual the people in this town don't care they've been conditioned to it like a bunch of lemons they've been conditioned to accept in crap they're like a bunch of supplicants just bowing and kneeling at the foot of the Harold shrine down there at one hero plaza all these great robbers down here that should only rotten hell these bastards that just take the truth and twisted and uh... bend it around and manipulate it to just to bold public opinion you don't have to worry about getting news in a hero baby because there is many all the hero tazzy what they heard once you know for their own fun and profit just like the casino gambling thing God forbid that we have to see those in here we might actually another news paper news down to this place would be booming and thriving who can forget that mark fisher column on a front page of the hero show in a picture of a drift you're out in the desert lost Vegas and that was the one picture they showed the unsuspecting pools down here this is what vagus is about it's a bunch of uh... bombs out there in the desert lost all their lunch money who are panhandling out there in the middle of the desert which quite frankly who are they panhandling from the drain nobody out there maybe some prick wants to go instead of cactus out there in the desert from the hero maybe that's what it's all about uh... maybe elva chapan and a whole chapan family maybe all these other grave robbers down there maybe they want to go out there and sit on a few cacti because if there's any place that a prick can relate to itself it's at the hero ok and i know we got zillions of closet list there they can put all the propaganda they can put all the spew and they want traffic magazine about me they're all listening over there at the hill right now we got zillions of closet list is over there so who the hell are they kidding just once just have once in your life the ball's to tell a truth to tell it like it is about why this town is still like seventy five percent sure to what ninety percent wrote a what it could be murder capital u.s.a. illegal alien capital one maybe we don't have taxes and cus other california lift but we're sure we sure are getting the leg up on everybody else we got a leg up on it and like i said these people see they they count on the fact that most of us down here don't give a crap about this town and so nobody's been doing anything and they've been very successful that's why they have their non group meetings of a bunch of self-employed geniuses who sit around and the decide what's going to go on here for not for our benefit for their own selfish benefit allegedly under the guys as well this is the best for my army and the best for our florida full crack maybe both duty you guys are full of it it's coming out of every poor in your body and then his broad calls me up you'll be a solid dance i should read great code Texas column here after three days of being the only silent media people in town because they're in bed with uh... with uh... Mickey erison over there and then finally all of a sudden they got the big balls today and and you notice it takes a lot of big balls after the heater behind three games to one the right of the series takes the really big balls to start writing stuff right now you jump on a bandwagon what am i getting so psychotic about nobody else here gives a crap out of my screaming about ten forty three a w i o d a the heat's got a boiling nice going nice going mark jacuzzi and the aliamander's a quinoa for you there's a perfect uh... forget about the god damn heat okay let's get down to the real prices down there a candle to it a one of the disassociated themselves from this crap okay not bad enough that wain bought this joint now he's hopped into bed with a son of a guy cut the crap mark okay and by the way get a shave listen to these ridiculously low prices on bread new nineteen ninety seven to it is only a candle to a little brand new ninety seven to ourselves from just ninety nine ninety one brand new ninety seven curallus from just ten thousand nine ninety one brand ninety seven cameras just amazing room and comfort starting at just fifteen thousand ninety one the prices are unbeatable you can waste a lot of time shopping all over town you can get sucked in by the slogans at all these other joints i guarantee a man you can bet your life on it not mine but yours bet your life on it you can't be or maybe even just bet mark Jacobson's life on it you can't be these prices anywhere candle to Yoda just off the day land on u.s. one not far from that tornado by the way prices and food all rebates and incentives out of pro credit quantities are limited limited what do you say so hurry on down six sand wio being where you sit through this i count three pull the finger one two three to get to this what thing i learned when the ring went out of finger i gave it a ring to give me the finger strangely after you said i don't i definitely gave you the thing you can the service of the wacky company six ten wio d i'll be extra barbecue continues count down eight thirty nine seventy eight seventy seven wio d if i knew you were coming i'd a baked decay a buddy i only paid fifty dollars for it is thirty five inch only TV wow how did you get it so key it did fell off the truck speakers a client this very old television TV sonraton you can buy all these goods and a whole lot more or a ridiculously full prices at the film a flea market j m l and his three way speaker fifty bucks only both of this one hundred watt rat system fifty bucks an IBM cg rom four eighty six fifty bucks a six years of pie of ink swabs okay whatever ten forty nine a wio d what what was that that's under m i c areson what is that durge that's uh... fell off the truck stare i know but why is that under that it looks like some old yam e some old job provocative words gotten here in deleted our m i c areson bit from book a brand fire off again what do you find it off again eight one same uh... you want to take a bit to be something different all i thought maybe somebody's like a communist thought to me ladies and gentlemen a common pink of plot but that's okay because i would be surprised if it's on book a brand city which we got around here somewhere right don't wait where's that was a term what i thought it was a term i like i said we don't have it well get time and i'll have it somewhere make no mistake about that here's my mian a mobile hello i'm pissed off and i can't take it anymore new y'all i don't but okay picnic man question if if they would have won the game would they have rave surprises back up probably they probably would have raised a uh... second time anyways i'm out of material okay okay like i said these people are really full of it today they got nothing again seven five five wild two open lines in day one on the purple line of mobile one line pound i would be one in brown in our new number seven three three nine four six three and of course two on the other table in the mobile one line now look at this look at this just like picking up or we left off yesterday we're talking to or preaching to the choir man we're talking to ourselves we might as well just take the putting in a vodka right now and forget about it so i'm just gonna shovel put this off to decide because evidently i'm the only one and day of joseph and even great context and the editorial board of the hero of the uh... excuse me sun sentle or the only ones that are pissed off about nobody else cares because they think it's a basket ball thing which most of us don't care about anyway that's more than that it's way more than that but they don't confuse us with that we got enough further problems two open lines in day seven five five five hello yes ma'am yeah my just more jake hi margie hi um my son's a good listener your show with the background on all day long uh... and uh... tell me you had a germ uh... golden retriever yes i do with uh... you had to get problems on and on and on yeah changed that's in medicine's in food yeah and one have you yeah one help i've got one what are you doing what am i doing with what with food or medications i don't give any medications i changed his food okay to get a good veterinarian you have to get somebody knows what it's all about yes because dogs like people are all different i can't uh... i can't give you a panacea that's going to work on all dogs what are you feeding yours right now i feed him kibbles in bits lean and his skin is lean and mean it's beautiful really but all dogs have uh... allergies go to retriever especially to different things you have to experiment find something that agrees with them and uh... what do you know whatever what are you feeding your dog plan all one of those that you buy in a uh... like i right forget that stuff clusher fortune forget it find a dog food that agrees he's probably got an allergy to it okay better yet find a veterinarian and know something do you or their veterinarians out there that are allergy chrome you know what you know all of the many veterinarians who are prone allergies yes yeah and there's scratching up a storm right good luck sweetheart good luck to you okay oh my god we have an open line hello doctor i have blue lips toxic done what are my good and two what are my good and two toxic done i have blue lips he's a doctor of psychology i don't care he's a doctor of something i have blue lips toxic done twenty one years i've been doing this man and there ain't nothing any different today than there was twenty one years ago the only thing different as i have learned a god damn thing that's something that's different i haven't wise up and learned where i am and look at that john ms is this jacket twenty one years ago looked about half as bad as it does now i i anybody that would wear that thing in public that's right the same public you're right here's a mobile and forlaterdale hello hello this is this is the rocket shelter it's the one it's the geyser it is yes sir i just really find up this mine i thought i caught it i let you know about it last night when john's dot and things that brings you saw paterali has been destroyed like when a fielicant fall of fish yeah man yeah what you think about it and i've been done the next boy is the paterali police yeah he's pulling on my heart okay thank you so much for your first vacation's observation there's a real sports fan for you the man who really has some very pertinent observations on the sociological impact of uh the erison family and patriolian is here honest community thank you so much we have an open line in braward seven three three nine four six three seven three three we're talking today about dogs in their skin we're talking about people with bad complexions we're talking about people who just can't come to grips with the fact that they're not beauty queens here's forlaterdale on a mobile hello yeah i'm i got bad yeah me too i got crappy skin but i'm shimmering that stuff on it good morning Neil when is this and how are you sir great eight um i i do nothing about this tornado yesterday because i was like busy and working yeah and uh you better get with it mister well you better get with it i get home right and my messing with the kid everything getting dinner ready i sit down and my guys these people in channel seven works foaming at the mouth they couldn't wait until the regular news was over to break into a a whole another you know how the other channels have team coverage on all these supposed major events they have screen coverage i screen coverage these people i mean they just sit around they can't every time there's an event no matter what it is yeah yeah exactly i mean it was like a full-blown mini-circle you would have you would have thought that we had another major earthquake at this town or you would have thought that the tornado went right through the middle of a residential area killed 5,000 people and that the entire town was crippled and devastated i mean it was that i will say it again it's a really neat thing to watch you know if you're not as long as you're not anywhere near it it's a really neat thing to see the video and as about the first 200 times but after that given arrest already okay life goes on life goes on brion or cross and all you scream and he bgb's over there at channel seven it was just like going back to the hurricane when we had Andrew come through here it was four weeks before we got any regular program and i'm telling you yeah it was ridiculous yeah but don't you think you know yeah that's right i remember that they kept milky the day they wouldn't let go you're right absolutely right they wouldn't let go of it they had all these people sitting there manning the phone right long after everybody had you know whatever they were trying to put their life back together every channel yeah and then it was like i was like a contest to see who it would endurance contest to see who could keep holding out the longest right it was like it was right around preseason football it was like okay let's watch a football game and get our minds off of it exactly no well these are the great exploiters on under the guys of helping the community and being such a great a bunch of public servants all they do is exploit human misery and suffering which is what television news is all about now you've exploitation man you've been in the town for a very long time and i was born here and i've been here 34 years and it wasn't like that you're going you watch Ralph Rennick and all right that's right that's right got to the point they said what they had to them and boom right people talk about a sense post yeah but now that's this way in america man you deal with it with an average iq smaller than their dick size and this is what you're dealing with in america today man you don't can i ask you favor yes sir when you're when you're up and through in your next five years can i go with you ever great day pal okay no chance we have an open line on the mobile one purple line pound iod by the way the the news guy got very personality was rick rally yesterday and the i thought rick's question was right on target like because we're in cyber like cloistered here in a building in a room we don't even have a window the outside and all rick did was asked like maybe we should if this is like serious enough she would be covering this full time and i'd even do an a show and mister hot shot that you're so enamored without there this guy this hot shot which when you really get to know and love him you won't got very a psychotic about that very up at a very pissed off because he's award-winning that's right an award-winning clown even boson ever had a shnod like that and they won't let him in the building oh i'm sorry they'll even let john eminability for crisis what is that said you okay when they let john eminability and they all let this other guy in the building what is that tell you what we're dealing with huh who i said a little bit worked up today now that we got it down when i see the number eighty sons good to me get the jacket clean john ten fifty eight it's other you why a day if you're trying to getting a busy single every time you try to get online and every time you try to contact you in and that provided to get help to get asked systems here's the answer for you got probably a lot of questions if you're new to the internet here are the people who can sit through all the crap all the bs all the busy signals and the bullshot our friends at bridge net three seven four thirty thirty one give a give those people a call and a lot help you out with all your internet needs they know what's all about and they can help you get connected right away the easy way shifting to the maze of the s dot other people have to go through at bridge net they can help you get your business online they can even help you create a full color storefront for your business they've already done that for cocoa walk for base-eyed marketplace for the streets of may fair and if you call by the end of the month your first month is free so get online the right way with the people at bridge net and say goodbye to bs and business signals forever call them today bridge net three seven four three oh three one the while of brains double y o d Miami Fort Lauderdale six ten w i o d neo rages while you're goofing off it work but what i but when i'm not so friendly either six ten w i o d y o d neo rages the man who runs our cult race our hopes we can't entate me i know the spaceship comes from bar to take us to our fate so i like on my bed on my bed for a full shower on my head over my head i long to be this way that was our dad and like you my cell for two come in runs our cult exactly thank you level of five w do we have an open line on a purple line on mobile one line pound i o d and one in day that's seven five five nine four six three brand new numbers today man and it's only appropriate we should be having brand new numbers for dating prouard on the first day of our countdown which are nice even number starting tomorrow it's eighty i guess starting today right it's eighty a nice even eighty that's the max man that's the number we can look at that's and you can put your hands on it and squeeze it and feel it it's something tangible to deal with by the way something tangible to deal with since nobody cares about hockey since our sports fans here in his town are so great and so knowledgeable and since Billy is playing the Rangers in their semi final series in the eastern conference to see who's going to the Stanley Cup finals John Shannon did set me this stuff yesterday and let me say it again pretty weak after waiting three years it could have been a lot better i mean who do you want to see word cornell and foster he would on there i mean come on already inject and it was been dead for over the years but nevertheless there were some good stuff on here and of course it brings back memories nineteen seventy four my good friend Dick Irving Jr was doing color was bill he would on a game between the flyers and the uh... ruins which the flyers won one denuffin to a win a Stanley Cup in nineteen seventy four it goes into the corner over there is big jiffers effort is being won by bill bire jepery gets away from him get that up on the left wing of jutsick just picked a center over the blue line after back to the president over there or who's been with a shot and right back at the back of the night bill bire that's the other time the day there's a door back for it number four or after one eight team remaining in the penalty abior up to jutty music up will hide behind them and we got to sit on the way to the right six shots and over that this time they lose his rock and they started right back to the blue line right with one go and you're there here it comes take a look now back in the net is a shot come didn't watch you're there fine stop deservedly so bill bernie parents been trying almost all the rage and I come to go depending on the look at this one time johnson's a bro is chatting with pennies is not forget that our goal fender is played as well as he can if you certainly have to agree with that never been as hot like this before act on a good five good five take the time unbelievable baby so we're rooting for the flyers in our ranger series big time except if you're from the europe we understand you can't help yourselves but all the rest of us were rooting for the flyers net series and in the course of lantico one in the sweep Detroit forest rate and sweep by the flyers in forest rate probably so there's still some hockey fans out there some of us were waiting very patiently until Thursday until we get something worthwhile going again while we got all these uh freaks of nature out there plan if you got 500 bucks you can go watch a game tomorrow and I'd probably be the last one for the eight this year anybody want a bet here's for a lot of day hello hello yes sir i don't know whose thumbs what you're acting like this price got you something so new i mean these these billionaires they've been doing this for a while and so another word i should we should just sit back in a set well if no one cares about sports in the town people like me who care about sports i don't mind paying the high five because i know that that's going to keep the troplet ice away i know that there's no other words so in other words a ticket that was like uh twenty nine dollars during the regular scene you're willing to pay ninety dollars in the playoff sure sure because i know that the figure out of your mind man you're out of your mind i'm out of my mind but i enjoy sitting in a seat we're not we're some idiot beer drinkers not spilling it on me and being loud good point you know i enjoy that actually in fact i think you got i think you got the solution for my hockey problems too i'm gonna spend five hundred dollars a ticket and keep all those goofballs out of one oh six excellent point i'll suggest it to Wayne thank you very much we have an open on the seat there's a guy's a massacist you don't care in other words the idea being that all the assholes the scumbags who somehow get in there who run the game for all of us we got to pay some ridiculous price i got a better idea why not stay home and watch it free on tv i'll tell you one thing there ain't nothing like watching these playoff games on cbc which you can't watch into my me arena which they didn't play no hockey there right now anyway last time i check there's nothing like sitting there on your big satellite dish watching the cbc and bob coal and herineal and crisp cut curtain john garrit and all these guys are reading all what it's all about well i still i still got like something on a back of my neck from that bill he would stuff for man it just gives me goose bumps but hey what are these people no man when you got crisp more who needs bill he would we have an open line in braward 733 9463 733 so there's one get that number at last guy to call on there for Mickey okay there's a sucker born every minute that kid says just keeps sticking it in there man it hurts a little bit but i'm starting to enjoy it now hurt so good here's pember pine hello pember pine like i said two open lines in braward 733 9463 733 here's a lady in the grove hello lady in the grove yes ma'am okay what a jerk any help a few things Mickey our listen's got a prejudice he doesn't he grabs money wherever he can this is a gate of kimiki has if you're mother my father go in the cruise and you want to put a present on a ship got to give a five bucks for every present to go in the ship really not only that when they take it up to five bucks for what every present that goes on a ship every single solitary one well in that case just don't give many presents i think is well screw that don't give many presents how it's they take it to the to the dining room they charge the seven fifty to open it's because you didn't buy it from that's okay let's get that last guy on there maybe you can get mom and dad like a hundred presents yeah maybe you can buy the seat next to this guy for 90 bucks right okay okay thank you so much for the good news okay they slip you the Mickey baby the king weasel i love that day of joseph is god king weasel strikes again striking terror in the hearts of people from coast to coast and we should be talking about it on this radio station because of course this is your heat station which just might be well there's an investigating will find out might just be why skiererson is all the way back in the end already yeah exactly because he had the audacity to rip the king weasel on here next to be talking bad about Tony ridder somewhere and that'll be it that'll be the end all yeah make no mistake about that about that kami pinco bastard Tony ridder at the harrow by the way all you hurley oh santa we much of know that they are all run by communists we have an open line and day seven it is it is George said you're right seven oh fascists fall same difference one fascista communista fascista communista no they like to fascist that they look but he's the crams with a fascista and crista seven five five nine four six three we have an open line and they communista communista communista the mommy here all there a bunch of kami picco faggot to be asked me here's a mobile in the grove hello yes sir you're sorry I am you're from mayor yeah right I think you're platform how about Bob mayor for uh I bought bob mayor for mayor his platform can be three telephone books the same one he's been sitting on for ten years mm-hmm mm-hmm well I can find folks to be okay get a phone I'll talk to you someday we have an open line in day seven five five nine four six three one and brought seven three three w i o d r brand new numbers and here's Orlando hello hey deal how you doing okay sir fine a question I know sorry listen that play out series with the troic colorado is that going to be on pass on the SS or blackout. No, it'll be on ESPN one or two. Yeah, but no, but so they can't the regional networks can't do these semi-files. Got a true no pass We're getting two tight. Oh, be honest. We do why would you want to see pass anyway? That guy that what's his name? Mike Goldberg. Yeah, just a watch that does the red wings that he's weak and out of it. Well, you're red wing fan, right? No, I'm just a Panther fan just. Oh, something good because I'll tell you that Mickey Redmond that does the color for the red wings the worst homer in the history of his brutal man He kills me weak off. Listen, I'm on my ass. I can't for the day two and I can't believe how good this is. Yeah, except for the caffeine What's up with that? Can I screw? No, you can't you can't do it drink decab you think that all the way all right? Don't screw it up. It's not worth it. Okay, speaking of getting huge that's all the hip-hop I must do a Kentucky Derrick coverage. Yeah, and I couldn't tell which was which which Uh-huh, so go fires using a monster in the industry. That's what I hear. Oh, yeah, I hear that Well, enjoy over there. I'll be listening. Okay, and Rika at Miss Universe is that for sure. Yes, sir Friday night You'll be watching he's gonna be there. Stark naked. All right. That's the room where I'm hearing shameless request. Yes, gay and VA And honor of the heat. Oh, yeah, I wouldn't be surprised if we might have that around somewhere. Okay. All right, I have a great day. Bye Bye We have an open line in date 7559463 We have both the open lines on the out of timelines the Palm Beach lines the Palm Beach lines the Florida lines the world wide lines The audio net lines. How do you like that one trivalate 4749463 where it's 1115 the WIOD and Let's see pop at O Park is gonna be hosting the first leg of the CKT building's emitter trotting Series that's coming up to the center day May 17. We got the international buffet and full swing of pop at O Park with the 1495 complete the buffet every night I am double UI OD Not like the rest of a radio dial We have different numbers 16 WIOD I You You I was two or three And some friends and more of me Now she's got me with the beef I got him from Linda energy my Moses up now Am I a thinning around and out? Have it's left for three days now Some way road round give me a phrase How many drugs do I have to pay? My hair's all mounted in the North to be The title is the energy You know that my heart's been going far Like I wanted to Just a kid And a competition Not a mention I prepared just things out Failing for a goal day That drops away from the food you're the way For Dr. Huffing and the so-called A sensation Because it's made my Moses up Down Am I a thinning around and out? Have it's left for three days now I'm a thinning around I'm a thinning around I'm a thinning around I'm a thinning around I'm a thinning around I'm a thinning around I'm a thinning around I'm a thinning around Okay, so many kinds of beef Public citizen health research Your voice feels investeele It says do not use Do not use thin fluoramine Combined with Fetra Fenturamin Don't use Pondomin with Ionamin Whatever it is Don't use it And it goes on and on And on primary pulmonary hypertension Is a serious condition Which pressure in the blood vessels of the lungs Why is the level so great the blood cannot flow Freely through the lungs and the heart eventually fails What are the great side effects of this combination of two Great drugs Fenturamin Is pulmonary hypertension Plus that the blood that they may have buried in a wedding dress Interweading gone up in the Wengland somewhere And right, we know it's perfectly safe We know it's safe We know it's safe We know it's safe We know it's safe We know it's safe We know it's safe We know it's safe We know it's safe We know it's safe We know it's safe We know it's safe We know it's safe We know it's safe We know it's safe If such a gay bitch asshole Don't buy that asshole unless you speak a little spick A rare jerk Thought my a jerk Amphole Amphole Amphole Amphole That looks real good A say we're in or your an an asshole I bring your hair old and all your fun I use your paper now to wipe it my greasy but asshole Maybe it's a quintessential asshole Oh he makes icing up look like a god A rich boy Deal my one Well we couldn't have done that better I couldn't have done that better if I had what I tried I was great We had little pause in that's all counts We have an open line on the upper line We have a PondioD on a mobile one line 1122 WiodD on a great Tuesday We're declaring the emancipation proclamation today Okay We're saying goodbye to Mickey Erson We're saying goodbye to the Harold again for the 500th time Go out there and buy some rag Go out there and pick up a free nose paper Pick up news times or something New times And just the stop subsidizing these grave robbers Man who are destroying was strongly horked And as they got us by the neck and are squeezing it Here's Miami Hello Great The circumcised will you Miami? All right I have no force in Yes Rick said she's a child seven Yeah Bill come out If you think this district could pick up a man He should ask Bill come all up He could pick up a man I love it Oh right I doubted But we're going new That was great Oh the good That was beautiful What a setup Thank you so much And they show a trader They were toppled I mean that's not the trader But the car Pick a pick up a man Yeah Got a man He's incredible And you understand that I'm channel for the rest Can Brian or Cross of Eqat Pippin Yeah Yeah Yep Oh That's I'm telling you man It's spreading it's all over the place A lot of blowing going out of this town You're talking me up Hey about the Harold Yeah I got a little flyer here in traffic That showed a Beauty guard beating up a man Yeah And supposedly this was that I had a new paper home by the Harold Up north somewhere And they're beating up the people that are in strike Nice Oh the free president each right Exactly Right Exactly Hey I called you a while back It's for your court and I can see this is your foreign fight And I told you don't do it Yeah you can be a thing in doors And what was it? What was it like? Hey I liked it I liked it Because he knows Yeah He was nice I see on the board of course Of course And it was good I liked it And on the way back I was getting on the plane I sat down And a lady walks in He goes The man I believe you're in my seat I was supposed to have a Passover meal Oh She made a big old fuss about Who's in her seat And everybody has to bring out the stuff There's tickets And she made a big deal And a whole song in dance And she ended up sitting in the aisle Anyway Nice But then she kept on talking to me Why don't you go back That camera there you go That's what I feel like I feel like something Yeah And then she kept on I'm looking out the window She kept talking to me Talk to me talking to me So I would ignore her She talked to my wife And I wasn't ignoring her too But she kept on talking and talking and talking Anyway I want to tell you Tonight on A&E They're going to have a thing about our trajectory Really? You want to talk about rural and dance I semi Exactly And on Sunday they had Vegas Did you see that? I'm waiting for them to open up a new street That might be behind regular boulevard Did you see that? Did I see what? Did you see on Sunday A&E they had Vegas No Mr. You missed it all Probably another one of those propaganda pieces But a lot of mobsters You will never never Never any mobsters in Vegas There was never any mirror landscape on the beach It's all propaganda Believe it or not They were talking about them Really? They said that they were there And everything that put now it's cleaned up And all this, you know But it was very interesting To beg your message And it will be back one time I'll tell you that you keep running it over And that'll be back Yeah, they'll probably show it again And it closes I want to call Victor and Tony To do speck Okay pal Thank you I'll read the letter to you We have an open line in day That's 7559463 Better write down these new numbers And everybody out there is like They're forming it The mouth 7555Wild There's an open line in date I've got a great great letter here From Carl in coconut grow Which I'm not going to take the time to read on here right now But maybe I'm going to say that About it says The date poor and heartless Right on target man About Tony, Ritter and Mickey, Harrison and Mayor Peanus and the heat and all the grave robbers They're in all the special interest In our mind they'll be a doll What about L.S. name is And Goro Vidal Who's embarrassed by the whole thing Here's Hollywood Hello Hollywood Going once Going twice And have a nice life Not we have an open line in Broward 7332Wild One in date 755 Two on the floor To lines the Palm Beach lines The out of this world lines One triple eight four seven four nine four six three They just don't give a crap And we get that bozo to call And you're all willing to pay the 90 bucks Just to get the riff rap Get out of here Get out of here So in other words you shouldn't have the real estate Expectation that you can go to a sporting event Ready kind of an activity and enjoy it But not getting raped and gouged That's brilliant man That is brilliant I sure wish I could find about a thousand guys like that The only cost you a 50 bucks a day Listen to their show for about a week Much I said, we'll cost you about a hundred bucks Then we can cut that 80 down to about 10 George And just skip town sounds good to me Let me 27 of you Wow, do you speak in a being raped if you're big bank out there There is treating your like crap if they keep messing up making mistakes And then you go in there and they're like who the hell are you? Who the ever go into a bank and see Rhonda Wolf standing over there in line? That's like my old days of KT with you cola cats and time going in there And she says And if that's the way you're paying treats you like you're personally like a bunch of cry do love that I love it But at any rate, fire that bank say goodbye Give me my money and audio is blow it out your ass Go to a bank where they treat you great where they give you personal friendly service We're customer satisfaction is their number one priority and that of course is family bank I heard some jackass call on a prick rally yesterday Rick knows that we have family bank on here here But I've already warned them don't take his money because it ain't no good I can't believe that he was listening about there's no other place you should even consider Unless of course there's not a family bank near you And if you live in Broward is bound to be because there are seven convenient a Broward family bank locations all over the place They've got the lowest service fee in Broward they got very very They're loaded like I started to say with all the features like ATMs at every bank Audering press those service in honor And they also have to drive through open data clock at a morning Monday through Friday Even open Saturday morning on the drive through from nine to noon so you can do your banking when you feel like it They get to know you they treat you great even if you get the right teller They put little they give a little sucker there and you're when and they a thing when you go to the drive through So don't be a sucker by going to the big and personal banks where you're just a number and a computer head for family bank Where they really take care of you great family bank member F. E. I see it happens in airports every U. I O. D. More listeners than a cell phone scanner Right boom six-tambable U. I O. D. No pain no pain in the punka There was a lot of those happy seniors that would show much of happy when you come through their back door The doors almost they're headed by the pole they met him to you on a flowery trip for the summer Yeah No, I'm sorry for no see no See See See See See See See See Yeah No No See Oh So almost those happy seniors They would show much of happy when you come through their back door The doors almost they're headed by the pole So 1133 W. I. Do you want to this please King Weasel do we have two open lines in dates 755 9463 755 W. I O. D. And when it Broward 733 9463 here's Laterhill. Hello Hey, yes sir great You know greed is understandable in a certain way. Why is that? What's because unfortunately because people are greedy. I mean it's not admirable, but if at least I'm just the endable But stupidity that's another thing and I think that the most of the thing about the whole business is how stupid they are How stupid they are to do something. I mean how much are they going to make? You know, you have 4,000 tickets Maybe they're getting say an average of 50 bucks extra. So it's $200,000 Yeah, okay, yeah compared to how much they're ripping off with both hands all the time It's nothing and the amount of public relay compared to how many millions of dollars of ill will that they've done to themselves that they'll never recover And keep in mind this is not a team that sold out every game during the regular season This is a team that had like Zidians event these seats for many for most of their home games They couldn't get arrested in a panty raid and all of a sudden they've got the audacity because they made the playoffs And they want to game all of a sudden they're going to jack the thing up in the middle in the middle of the proceedings That's the thing that's unconscionable. There is nobody who can defend that It would be a I mean if they would announce the head of time it's going to be $500 a ticket. It wouldn't have been a good deal But nevertheless at least they were being honest, but they do something so dishonest and so growth test that it is unacceptable Well, I think that the stupidity may come from being in the tourist industry you deal with tourists You're ripping off once they're gone they go back. They don't like it. They don't have to worry about them But when you have local people and you rip them off, they're going to remember Yep Anybody who subsidizes this asshole next season man needs needs mental health I mean personally you couldn't pay me to go to a basketball I agree to pay me a hundred bucks a minute. I wouldn't go for people who do go You know if he paid me a hundred bucks for every free throw that alanzo morning made I wouldn't go with him much You know I think someone should say every day on the radio or on the you could get one of the newspapers to be a little more I remember the playoff say it every day Okay, and the people hit because the only way they're going to learn if they ever learn anything they won't They won't they won't tell me back just like that kid that call before that sucker that's just dying to be raped Just dying to be ripped off. He loves it. You know you could at least use a little lubrication exactly Okay, have a good day and back to you Okay, look at this down to three calls here. I'm all whipped up to a frenzy is this audience. They kept it up for about an hour and a half this morning And now they don't care about nothing anymore. It's so typical like I said 21 years You've been banging your head against the brick wall. Are you ever ever going to learn? No, okay Two open lines in day 755 W. I O. D. Two and Broward 733 W. I would do two rarely use lines in Palm Beach, you even in Boka in Boka One trip like I said we have an open line on the upper line pond I O. D. Brilliant all the rocket scientists coming out today Hope it was good for you. I think he's got a backwards is what it is. I think this guy's got to just a little bit backwards if you ask me Open line in day 755 9463 755 and two on the audio net lines were speaking to the entire world to the universe on those lines Even a people out there and at the in Uranus are listed one triple eight force seven four nine four six three garnish tell them Here's a mobile in Tamarack. What what is with this thing now? Why's that thing so slow? Don't tell me they jack that thing up to 100 like well why oh man why did they do that? Why did they do that at least before when they had it sit down we alone was like a fast recovery time what do they got it said on we got like a 30 second delay now I know it's finally that that took like forever. I could have done 45 spots Now these delay things you don't have to wait the whole time Trust me after our recent experience with the other one when you do your show you don't wait the whole time. Okay, here's a mobile in Tamarack hello Yes, sir. How you doing sir great. Now is this all ticketing and ridiculous it's the public that puts up with this kind of crap every other place in the country You know look at the bull there in the playoff There's even though the bulls are sold out for the entire year even with the playoff whether they go or not They don't jack up to tickify since Panthers go to the playoff to they jack up tickify Well the NBA the NBA you're wrong about one thing. Let's see. I got to hear in front of me was in a hurl this morning in our great newspaper The bulls raised us from 20 to 35 bucks during irregular season these are the cheapest seats in the upper deck in the most expensive They raised from 20 and 35 to 30 and 45 and they announced it ahead of time instead of doing it in midstream Well that's 30 and 45 compared to 50 to $40 to $90 in the Amyamirina $40 to $90. In other words the most expensive ticket in the Chicago stadium is 45 bucks and the most expensive one in the Amyamirina Operating is 90 bucks twice the price for half the team Highest the price when you go to the book and you see a game right now when you go see a heat and you also get to see a free free show to with Denise If she's playing if she's not suspended that night That's true. That's true, but I mean it's ridiculous looking here. We're in South Florida. You know, we got a team that they need to get money They need to get some money baby They're paying only 16 million a year to a guy that's made your choke artist In the shop. Yeah, and you know like I said the Panthers go to their age the Panthers take it twice as nuts And everybody went to the game, you know who got tickets and get time and then take them nominal your fee for it Right, why do you gotta do that because because Mickey Arson is a grave robber man because evidently that nine billion tax free that daddy's gotten his real isn't enough That's true. That's true. Oh, thank you. I mean okay, pal. I don't know. Let's see a Open line and Broward 733 WID hope that everybody whoever ever thinks about going on a cruise ship everywhere Make sure ahead of time that it's not one of those owned by you know who and it's very interesting George and I were discussing this during a break about the mysterious disappearance of that one bit in there Which is why we want to play in that other one that I sent it so nicely by the way nice job. Thank you. You're welcome Because people are slipping stuff out of here. That's right slipping the Mickey and our computer into our DCS How do you like them apples? Not that they're trying to orchestrate what we're playing on here here not that anybody's trying to manipulate what goes on here Who gets criticized and of course we know we know for sure that's key Anderson didn't get blown out of here Just because he had the audacity to speak out of got against this raping of the public right before the heat came on here Here's mommy Beach. Hello Daniel. Yes, sir. Hey, I had a call our couple of cars goes said about the speedy of the team and we can using up to goodwill all that But you know people keep rewarding Mickey, Arson all the time like with the voting, you know to give them all the money for the arena And all that yeah, so it's really you know people have to Well, because people are easy he made this deal with mayor penis right before the election and the mayor comes out to baby for the elections All guests what look at this great deal. I pulled off and Mickey's gonna pay for the whole arena And it's like Santa Claus all over again and then of course they twist the lid they wereting on a ballot So if you're against it, you vote yes, and if you're for it, you vote no and then they do the typical thing They've done in the town of Midian times and then election night the results which it's losing like crazy all of a sudden in the middle The night mysteriously the results make a flip flop totally turn around and hey, I guess what it passed we're gonna do it Yeah, I mean the people in this time for 63 one eight eight eight four seven four W-I-O-D In Palm Beach County man the number of people we got in Palm Beach County good stick in a symbol and have room for what's your name's asked left over Here's a lady in Pemberpine. Hello Yes, ma'am. Hi, how are you? Okay? I'm a little nervous and that you're still up and she on the radio All right anyway, I have the work and so I can't get less and see you during the day We used to be able to listen to you on headphones, but I'm sure that up Anyway, what are you leaving? 80 days or less oh and where are you going? So WQA and five 60 on the dial. Oh, okay, so we can still listen to you. Yes, you can All right, and George is going with you. Yes, he is. That's just you and George. Yeah, okay I guess that's it and one more thing Ron and Moron Yeah, yeah Moron Diaz See he's no longer a little longer with his show man. He never came down here He's no longer with his show and president Lincoln's got a bad headache Oh, say a little bit behind the times I know why I guess that I can't listen to the radio any yeah, but only same with three questions Yeah, prison bitch. Okay, have a great day not two open lines in Broward 73 39463 73 3 Wiod That's it. I've got little lipstick. That's it. What have I got to do? 21 years and it hasn't changed a bit, but it's me on the bad guy. See I'm the one who's head is an alligator right On the evil guy with all the mallities, okay, and the mallity lingers on They should build a goddamn statue to me and his town for surviving 21 years of this bull crap We were given away crap on Friday boy never had an open line never had an empty line even on those out of town lines even upon beach people love their crap How do you like that the people who wouldn't talk to me today for five bucks of pop? Well, let's give it a shot Two open lines in Broward 73 3 Wiod 2 on the out of town lines. We're gonna get a call in Palm Beach today If we have to go up there and beat the snout out of somebody just to get their ass on a phone and then make them call after that one triple eight four seven four nine four six three One eight eight eight see they don't care again They're the arrogant bastards that moved up to Boka to get away from all of this. They don't give a crap They got their big plastic town up there in Boka Plastic is the operative work. It's a miracle at whole town don't melt in the summertime But it gets up to about 98 in the shade and the humidity is 140 percent It's a miracle at Boka just doesn't turn into a gigantic puddle of puke Oh, it is 1144 it's Wiod if you're trying to get a busy signal when trying to get online a busy signal when you try to get help from your internet Provider to get online or maybe you're just thinking about setting up a storefront for your business Maybe you're not even on the net yet because you've got so many questions You don't know where to begin well if any or all of the above our true in your case Here's the answer for you are knowledgeable folks over at Brits that they can help you with all your internet needs David Marcus and his staff over there. They know it inside out upside down Call him a 37 430 31 your reach a real person bridge that will help you get connected immediately if not sooner At Brits that they can help you get your business online They can't even help you create a full color storefront for your business They've already done that for Coco walk at base side marketplace and the streets of Mayfare And if you call Bridget that by the end of this month your first month is absolutely free So get online with the people at Bridget that 37 430 31 that's 374 30 3 1 6 10 the Hawaii O Day the 15 50 mix up today's here That is people now are circumcised. I was one of the lucky ones that the hospital to get it You just mean no members that thing about it though You know there are guys that only get their circumcisions when they're adults you've heard this right? I have no forestand You problem and yesterday's favorites. Oh, do you hear that? Oh, I snotted all over the mic Sorry, I just did I snotted all over the mic. Oh, if you get a cold and die sweet art the South Florida 6th Ann WIOJ