So anyway, I'm in Vegas and I'm not doing too bad and I go to the ex-caliber.
See, this is where you people are wrong. Everybody that's called in here and said the ex-caliber was disappointing.
Your taste is in the same place where the mercury is, okay?
Too many fillings. You don't know what they're like. The ex-caliber is beautiful. It's magnificent.
We're all castles and you go inside. It's just enormous and the casino is beautiful with neon and billions of tables and slot machines.
The sports book may be disappointing. I don't know because I didn't stay there long enough. It looked okay to me.
There was nobody there planned it. You go up the escalators and upstairs and ex-caliber is like Epcot.
They have all these different international kind of restaurants. There's a Japanese restaurant and a German one and an Italian.
And of course they have the Big Buffet one, which all of the casinos have those great buffets.
I ate at the Appalachian buffet, by the way, is the best of all. It's called the feast.
And that thing for like $3.95 for lunch and $4.75 for dinner is just incredible. Unbelievable. I'm not talking just about a lot of food but good stuff.
Great food. Fabulous. And I ate at the buffet at the, where else?
At the Aladdin? Excellent. See, what I found is that if you go around to a whole bunch of different places because roulette,
I had, I was losing my ass in roulette. I can't start it. I have no idea what crap is all about.
Crap, I know. Crap's I don't know. And Blancjack is a rip off. Okay, I mean that's so fixed. You gotta be an idiot to play that.
So all I'm left with is the sports book and the slot machines and the slots I'm doing great.
I find a dollar machine at a loose machine at the Aladdin. I go in there in the morning, eight o'clock in the morning.
As soon as I get up, I go in there. I'm there five minutes. I got 205 bucks profit. Unbelievable. Incredible.
I go to the sports books. I'm making money. I'm betting Garden State. There's Jack Moisef at three to five, two to five,
winning every race. I'm betting Joe Mark Jr. from Yonkers. That was the greatest sports book. Anybody I don't care what Hank says.
He likes Caesar. Caesar's got a good sports book. But the best one is at the start. The start.
The start. Man, they got it all that you've got the metal lands in Hollywood Park and Bay Meadows and Garden State and Yonkers.
Okay, you won't find Yonkers. It's too many other places, too many fixed races. But the bottom line is there they got Yonkers.
There's Walter case junior winning like 85 races in a single night. Joe Mars Jr. at a desperate drive winning in Pan 6 bucks.
In the week and a half that I was in Vegas a little over week. I never lost once, betting the horses.
Now how come here? In fact, you know one of the only races I lost? Now what casino was this in? What sports book?
It must have been it was either at the Aladdin. Now it was at the start. And I hear the wonderful tones.
I'm sure he's listening right now. A Phil Saltsman. They got called her. They had called her at the start.
That was the only race I lost. I bet the four horse at the call to five to one. He's still running out there with Richard brought you in a desperate drive.
He's whipping and slashing. He's going backwards. So whether I'm here or whether I'm in Vegas. I can't cash it.
But Garden State. I'm when he left and right. Yonkers. I had I didn't do too bad.
So to make a long story short, I left a few bucks out there. I came home a loser, but not that much.
I brought home most of the money that I took, which for me is a miracle. Incredible. The food was incredible.
It was fabulous. The places it would jam pack, but there were no problems. The valley parking every place you're in, you're out.
It was great. People out there know how to drive a little bit. Even those cowboys. They know what they're doing.
Now I realize I wasn't as exciting as this. And that's why I'm in like this. I'll tell you it's either because I've come back to the realization what a boring God forsaken place this is.
Or it's the Mercury in my mouth. All you dentist out there, man, they're killing us. We've got Mercury in our mouth.
All those Mercury vapors are just seeping into every part of our body. That's why all those psychics I figured out.
That's why they say Mercury is in Uranus because by now probably is. After all these years, it's reaching everywhere.
Man, you dentist ought to be ashamed of yourselves. I want these fillings out and I want them out now. We should do it on the air.
I bet you by the time I get those out, I'm going to feel so much better, have some strength. I probably drop a quick 20 pounds.
Stop all that neurotic overeating. Just get that Mercury out of your mouth.
Man, they should have taken who is doing that? Was it Morley Safer? No, was it? Not Ed Bradley.
They should take, they should take, they should take our Cineo haul and strap him into the chair and just fill every one of those.
Can you imagine how big his teeth must be? Let's fill them all with pure Mercury. None of the other crap. Just stick Mercury in there man. He makes me sick. He's nauseating.
Everything that's wrong with the Mercury today is our Cineo. It's 1032 at W.I.D. and did see Nuts landing last Thursday night. Pretty intense there at the end. Pretty interesting.
Saw Friday's guiding light which I missed a whole bunch of good stuff in between. They go and they catch Gary while I'm not watching while I'm on vacation.
And then to top it off, I had a bad day Thursday. Lost about $450 gambling through today. All of the slots because the sportsbook I'm winning.
So I was a little bit depressed because I thought, geez, I was doing so great. And maybe I should leave it day early. But instead Friday I go back and I go into Palis Station again. My old stand by and I'm taking $1.
First of all, let me just suggest this to you. Slots are a sucker bet unless you get lucky. But quarters are the thing to play because the jackpots are just as big and you don't have to invest all that money.
Dollar slots are for suckers and most casinos. But anyway, I'm playing the dollars. First I played $70 and quarters I lose it all. Like in five minutes. So I go, I have the buffet. I'm depressed. I get $100 in dollars. Silver dollars.
I'm going from one machine to a machine hopping. You know, I put in three or four here, three or four. I'm machine hopping because I figure I'm going to hit something. I get out of my last $3. I put them in a machine, bingo, 60 bucks.
Okay, I don't mean the last $3 in my pocket, but that I had that I was going to gamble. Now I get out about my last 20. I hit something else another machine, 90 bucks. Okay. So now I'm like ahead.
So I'm wandering around and play a few more dollar machines. I finally am down to my last $23 that I'm going to gamble at the release. That's what I said. I get to a machine. I hit two crazy bars in a, what do you call them? Those bars, the three bars.
And I don't know what it's going to pay because it's got two little crazy bars. It doesn't say up there. It's 120 for three triple bars, but this is like better.
480 big ones. 480 dollars are pouring out of this machine. Outstanding. So to make a long story short, I did pretty well. Had a great time. You can't beat it with a stick. And this town here is so dead and so depressing. God.
I got off the plane and I've said I've been, I've been in a deep depression, even watching the dolphin game. I watched on a satellite yesterday. They played fine. It was terrific.
Marino was fantastic. Poolet was terrific. Tristrad made up for that horrendous muff with his running. He was terrific. Offered all played a great game. Macchair. What can you say? Still depressed. More but now I look at the paper. I see Gregory had those two long shots at Pompato. I'm suicidal.
So it's either because I'm back in Miami or it's that damn those mercury vapors turning loose in my mouth again. That could be it. I'm getting all those feelings yanked out because that's our motto at W. I. O. D. When it doubt yank it out.
OK 1035. I understand that Mr. Riley was the hit of the party at the Christmas party. Not only was it terminal and boring. So I understand however he was dressed like a fashion play. I'm playing with my nose. Yeah, that's what they all said for like three four hours. So I do want to mention I opened a few envelopes. One of the $200 check from Jimmy Hummel a K a Ricky Tiki Shaw. Thank you Ricky. What a guy 200 big ones. OK. What a guy.
And we're over 74,000 because I'm opening up some envelopes here and got a waste to go yet. So we want to get to 100,000 days. December 17th should have no problem. Right. We got the big thing coming up this Friday, which Mr. Denenberg. I'm sure wants me to mention often.
I'm just out of breath. I'm really am. I got so much going on so much to talk about. And those vapors are just killing me. We're dying over here. And it's all you dentist fault. The doctors are bad enough, but the dentists are the killers. Oh man. Even Michael Jackson made an album about it. So anyway, the big news while I was away, of course, and I talked to my good personal friend and attorney, Norma Elliott, can't on the phone yesterday. WFTF.
They're doing it. Forty Watts and a pop up toaster. In fact, they may have a problem. They may have a bigger problem and Steve realizes because a lot of people have been picking it up on their fillings.
And if the show of a lot of people watch 60 minutes last night and have their fillings taken out, that could cut their potential listening audience like a 10%. They could be down to like 45 people. I can hear it if they take all those fillings out.
So anyway, here's the lineup starting January 1. And we got that day off. Some of us, right? I got Christmas day off and New Year's day off. And boy, I'm going to get up real early in the morning on New Year's day. I'm going to pretend I'm in Vegas. Now let's see. I'll pretend I'm in Europe because there it's later.
Because if you pretend you're in Vegas, you get up in six in the morning. It would be three. I'm not getting up at three in the morning, even for Norm Kent.
Unless he brings somebody special to my house and drops him off. But anyway, Norm is going to be doing mornings. Alice, Rand, tell midday.
Oh, that's a wrong card, but I like that. I like to beat. Where's the cart? We haven't even played it yet. Cheers.
Okay. Steve, of course, Mr. Contraversy will continue in the afternoon just devastating the community with his contrived debates.
And from six to 10 p.m. because Debbie, she broke their heart. Debbie couldn't fit into building there at FTL. She had to go to Nashville to the WLAC. She's going to be doing midday. I promise you one thing. She will be big in Nashville.
She'll be the biggest thing there since I was there and that's a long time. So the six to 10 p.m. guy at FTL Gary Daniels.
Gary Daniels, currently the morning news director at WQA, informally a disc jockey at W.I.R.K. and West Palm Beach. A man who has never done a talk show.
Who I wouldn't know a talk show of it bit him on a cheek and Craig Warding will be doing 10 a night till 2 in the morning.
It's great to see Craig working again a real broadcaster. And then from 2 to 6 in the morning, they're going to have a guy doing sports.
Oh, man. Who is it going to be?
Oh, no. Oh, no. I can't pick it.
I'm reading jikers column. I got news here that I didn't even know, but I knew that he offered a job to LC Hastings and he got turned down.
And I knew of course that his good right wing buddy who's joined at the hip, his male bonding pal Rick Cideman will be there to annoy the hell out of everybody on Saturday.
He get about a point three. But who else do you think is going to be on on Saturday on FTL the Reverend Pat Mahoney?
Oh!
The hiring of Reverend Mahoney, a firebrand social activist according to Mr. Jika is in keeping with cans of out intention to stress heat over light on the new WFTL.
Oh, 10 to 2 on Saturday followed by Rick Cideman 2 to 6.
King Paul, I want to say something new directly. Okay, right on the ear. You're a joke. You're a disgrace.
You know, that's what I've said for a long time. These people that buy radio stations will have gotten no understanding of this business whatsoever.
And they use them like tinker toys, like play toys. And one day we're big bands and we got this old geriatric audience and nobody can hear the station and we got like ones and we're not making any money.
Okay, then we're going to go all talk and we put on a whole bunch of young timetables on there like Norm Kendo's a good lawyer but couldn't broadcast his way out of a paper sack.
We put all these people on here. We got like ones again like 0.5's, 0.3's, we're losing our ass. Now we're back, we're playing big bands again.
Hey, we're going to go back to get our audience for the big band. When the hell did they do that? Like three months ago, wasn't it?
Three, four months ago. Then comes the world biggest BS artist. Mr. Kane comes down to Pikey's desperate for a job. And we're going to go put Steve on here.
We're going to play big bands in the morning. We're going to talk it after no we don't know what to know. We want. Okay, now all of a sudden Steve the program director is going to put all his friends on here.
Bingo word talk station again. King Paul, you're just you're disgrace. You were joke. Go set your cars. Will you stop pretending to be a broadcaster for crying out loud?
W.S. News with their big 25,000 watts signal covering like everywhere. They couldn't make it with a geriatric talk. And because Steve says, where's that quote? I love that one.
I quote from him. Where is it?
Oh, we got so much cramp laid out here. You wouldn't believe it. Where the hell is it? Come on, Steve. Where are you? Here it is.
He says the people who screen calls will be instructed to move hostile listeners to the top at list. Is that sound familiar? Oh boy.
I've been knocked a lot for what is called contrived controversy. Kane says that's fine with me. As far as I'm concerned, contrived controversies entertaining. That's not the part I'm looking for.
Oh, here it is. Some people say issue oriented talk has become boring. It isn't the topics that are boring. It's how you program them.
If one of my hosts want to talk about abortion or gun control, fine, but they better have as a guest someone feisty who doesn't agree with them.
Everything is going to be adversarial. In other words, contrived controversy. Well, I know for you, Steve, how many times can you argue back and forth the left against the right, the abortion, the pro-life, the pro-choice, the right, the left? It's boring, Steve.
You can chop it up, you can chew it up, you can even put tons of mercury vapors in it, and it's still boring.
Okay. And Alice Rantell, not a bad guy.
Boring. Terminal. Winy. Boring. One-dimensional. No sense of humor.
No, I'm Kent. Great attorney. Not a broadcast. Okay. In the morning, you want to hear Norm Kent whining and carrying on about politics in Margate.
And this guy from QAN, the morning news guy, by way of West Palm Beach and IRC, wouldn't know a talk show if it bit him on a yes.
This guy's going to be a talk host on a signal at night that can't even reach to the outer limits of I-95 and commercial Boulevard. Come on.
Craig the highlight of the whole station, 10 to 2 at night. Maybe if I'm in a car, I'll have something to listen to at night. After Hank.
Ooh, I almost forgot we had Hank. Well, Hank is never on anyway. We got ball games coming out our end.
Did we figure out what the coach's name is? His name is Leonard, isn't it? We don't have a basketball coach named Leonardo.
He may be a little on the artsy krazzy side, but I don't think his name is Leonardo Hamilton. Is it?
Oh, man, is this place one good thing you come back and still all screwed up. Thank God for that.
For example, here's a memo. I open up an envelope, station envelope, and it says,
Neil Rogers, locker number so and so, Ray, jock office lounge. The lockers, see they finally, after two years of bitching,
they finally have a room where the talent can sit down with a desk and a typewriter and a phone.
The lockers are now completed in your area. Above is your locker number and closes your key. Well, guess what?
There's no key in this envelope, baby. Whoever this is from, the locker is for you to keep your headphones, coffee cups or anything you want secured while you're not here.
Should you loose your key or leave something here that needs to be retrieved while you're not here. Cheryl Wien has an extra key than these lockers in a secure place.
Cheryl has a key in a secure place. I wonder where Cheryl is hiding him.
Enjoy your area. It says, but where's my key? Oh, man. These people are so screwed up.
In fact, there are like five people in this building, you even know what day of the week it is. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. You bet, Mike.
And then this morning as I was punching around to make sure I was in the right town coming to work, I hear a Budell for a couple of minutes and Jeff Chase boy.
I knew I was back in the right town. They are still so boring. Greg, I got no, you are so terminal and they're trying to be funny and trying to do stick.
And most people think it's Budell. I don't want to sound like I'm trying to cover up for him. All of we might get a check from him. I doubt it.
But Chase, Jeff Chase is so terminal, even Randy Martin couldn't stand it. And if you're too boring for Randy, does that say it all?
I mean, he is just terminal, pathetic. So everybody else is going on vacation and I'm back. But the good news is on layers, Chuck Meyer, 12 noon bulletins at once. I'm Chuck Meyer. Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Do you know what's going on in the hallway? I have no idea. Do you know that all of the paid help here who hang on your every word on these newscasts and who enjoy here in the frivolvee money, hear the whole report of my vacation? They got Christmas music piped in the hallway.
I just heard that they're forced feeding Christmas music in a hallway. Not the coast. We'll have to check it out. Okay, it's level 05. Well, we can dispense with the opening, but I just thought that that was pretty heavy duty stuff. They're making them listen to Chris. How about all the Jews out there in the hall? They don't want to hear that Christmas music? Do they? How about the La Hanukkah music here? I some equal time. I got an idea. Let's forget the music and go with with that. Oh, did that thing run out?
I thought that was a loop. Damn it. Oh, the lovely Elaine is here with her hair still looking as frizzy as ever. Nice to see Elaine and her geriatric boyfriend send his regards from let go from Levin Weinstein. What do you think about this thing where we got the Christmas music in the hallway here? Huh? Boy, leave it to Cox Broadcasting. Leave it to the Irish Mafia to come up with some real goyish or thing like that to make the whole building the force feed him a bunch of Christmas carols. That's my idea.
I'm not in my opinion. I'm like Disney. You bet. Boy, does this sound like I'm doing a lot of heavy breathing today? It's causing that metal in my mouth. You know, I think might help just a little shot.
Oh, in fact, isn't that one of the sounds you hear in the dentist? Oh, boy.
I feel a lot better now. By the way, where's the key to my locker, Cheryl? I was not in the envelope with all that very important information about here's your key and here's your locker and Cheryl has a special thing hidden away in a very secret place.
Pay no attention. Okay, to play that game.
Some friends in mine they say I've done a big flip flop said no new taxes if I made it to the top. Well, change the mind deficit grows every day. Here's what we need. Everybody has to pay. That's why we pay. Oh, yeah, we pay.
We got to pay just to make it today. That's why we pay. Oh, yeah, we pay. We got to pay just to make it today.
Saddam Hussein thinks he can do whatever he wants and bussiness chops cost more than I thought. Now read my hips. Isn't afraid I should say.
Election day come 92. That's when I'll pay. Election day come 92. I'll never make it this way. That's what they say. Pray. Pray. I ain't got a prayer. I'm out of here.
Lemon 17 and she's in Sheryls insisting the key was in at Amphorop. What am I that stupid that I wouldn't find the key. She says it's a little key. I can relate to little things honey believe me. I can find it.
It was not in there. There was nothing in there tonight on NBC share the warmth of the season with the first family. A festive holiday special. A White House Christmas.
Taxes and videos and higher gas prices. Blackly new English the middle East crisis national anthems when Rose and Bar sings. These are a few of my least favorite things.
Join President Bush singing all your holiday favorites. I think Barbara looks like Sandy Claw. Yes, it's true. There's no house like a White House at Christmas time.
God rest. She lays the congressman then give yourself the race and don't miss special guests like Robert Reagan.
And then he's coming to town. Richard Nixon.
Little Saint Dick. I'm just a little Saint Dick. My fellow Americans we hope you'll join us for a White House Christmas.
That's right George and don't forget about Millie's song. Oh my or White House Christmas tonight at eight on NBC some type available on the
Christopher Columbia like it's in there. Okay, 1127 at W. I. D. We're going to get that line fixed because I get the withdrawal when I see that line like that. Boy, I get real nervous about that.
We got 74,642.85 cents as of this moment. That's right up to date for Camille. We got about a month to go. We're going to get over that hundred thousand dollar mark.
If we have to squeeze money out of Sally Fitz. How's that? Where's your check Sally? I wonder if any celebrity sent in money while I was away like Bill Tanner or Don Cox. Greg B. Del. John Hamburg.
You think so? We're waiting Miami. Hey boy, how you doing? Boy, that was 88 yards.
And they got caught me from near the only guy that caught me from behind. We look like you tripped over the invisible line.
But you're dealing with me from behind. Well, don't tell anybody about it. 28 after 11 at W. I. D. We have an open line and day 751. Bow is God. He knows Sammy Smith.
Oh boy, you see Sammy cough that ball up yesterday. There was on the ground again right after offer. All made that great play.
Looks like everything was going great. And there's Sammy again, coughing it up one more time. Man, Sammy, you really bite the big one.
I see at a big game against the Eagles. What do you have like 17 yards and 18 carries? He is the best. He's no bow.
And who's that big guy for Sandy for Seattle running back? What's his name? William B. William something like that.
It's 1131 at W. I. D. We have an open line and day 751. Man, that Mercury is starting to get down into my ad noise.
God, if you didn't see 60 minutes last night, you don't know what that's all about with the drilling. They had this big long segment on it.
We ran like a half an hour with morally safer. Can you imagine how many real teeth he don't have to. He wasn't going about it. He's teeth are in a glass.
They're soaking right now. And it showed how the Mercury that they put in the fillings. They mix up Mercury and a bunch of other crap, which is exactly what it is.
And they jam it up in your mouth. What are they? What do they call it begins with an A? A Malcom boy. Is he sharp or what?
That George is sharp as a dreidel today. And they stick that crap up in your mouth and the Mercury releases vapors.
And they showed people who had everything from piles to multiple sclerosis and everything in between. And they went and they had the fillings removed from their mouth.
And as one woman, she who had MS who could barely walk, she goes out dancing like the next night with morally safer. And said, by the way, your breath is pathetic.
But I feel a lot better now. Seriously, just one of the great scambles of our time, probably the best segment they've done on that show in years.
And I want and this morning I look in the mirror because I haven't had any fillings in a long time because I don't have that many real teeth. I got all these caps and crowns.
But when I was younger, I had like millions of fillings. My whole mouth is like Mercury.
And I look up in the mirror and I see all this. Oh, I can feel it now. I feel like crap.
I can just feel the Mercury vapors seeping into every pore of my body. I want those fillings out now.
Man, can you imagine how many people are going to be running to their dentist and say, pull it out right now?
And you know what happens to those dentists who do pull it out, don't you? Straight to the Husqaw.
It's 1133 because that's another story. Let's go to Cutler Ridge.
Neil, how many home runs is George Bell going to hit this here?
46. We got Danny Jackson. We got George Bell. Man, we are going to kick some serious but now.
I think he's going to out home or strawberry. Who?
I see the dodges got Brett Butler and Brett Butler and Dirl Strombaery. Well, congratulations to him.
Now what happened with Fernando? Did they ever give him a contract or not?
They gave Kevin Gross like $80 billion and that guy couldn't pitch his way out of a paper sack.
Yeah, Fernando's slipping now. He's not a...
He said to see the LA papers out there. They were foaming at the mouth of the gave gross all that money and they don't want to give repaid Fernando for all his great stuff and all the good meals he's eaten with him.
Did you want to go to Lasorda?
Yeah, and I was hoping that the White Sucks would get well, but he's back with Oakland.
Well, he said they got the good stuff in Oakland.
Yeah, that's true.
Okay, sir. Go Cobb.
Have a great life.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah, we got George Bell and we got Danny Jackson and we got Jose Nunez. What the hell is good you want?
We have an open line in Dave County, 751.
I think on the first day back from vacation, two hours is enough, don't you?
Man, I'm exhausted. I feel like I've been working at a fever pitch here all day.
It's either I'm out of practice or it could be that.
I wish we could get a dentist to come in here. Maybe we could do it someday this week and yank out all my fillings right on the ear.
I'm not joking about that.
I bet you if we did that at 10 o'clock, how long do you think that would take? How do they do that?
Who do they have? Do they use that little thing that they scrape with?
You know, the all the dead is to it. I mean, there's not one that's pleasant, but the one that bothers me the most is the little one with that sharp little hook on the end of it.
And they go in there and they like scrape stuff.
And even after they put the filling and after they poison you with that mercury, they smooth it down with that little thing.
And you can just, oh, man, can you feel all the mercury that's being released all through your body or inhaling and breathing it into your lungs?
Well, they're scraping that off while they got a mask over their face.
Now, what is this about Rick Sanchez striking up a pedestrian after the dolphin eagle game?
We have to check into that.
But in the meantime, we have a great American ladies and gentlemen, a man who's heard from Vegas to Miami, to every point in between.
Neil, welcome home, pal.
Yeah, sure. Easy for you to say.
I would have rather heard your voice in Vegas again today.
Oh, I guess I wouldn't have heard you today. How about tomorrow?
Tomorrow, you'll be hearing my voice right where you are.
But I could hear you in the other start-us. I could be on a plane this afternoon, about 245.
I could be out there tonight by 8 o'clock Vegas time. I could hear you tomorrow at post time.
I didn't know that they were doing cold or anything.
Yes, sir. They sure did.
Oh, kidding. Did you have any luck on that horse?
On any horse.
In fact, well, I had a lot of luck at the sports boat, but not at the corner.
That was the only track that I lost at. I bet just one race, and I said it was nicer in Phil's voice, but let's go on to bigger and better things.
That's amazing. That's the only track you should have done some good at.
Yeah.
No, actually I did okay, but a couple of races at Hollywood Park in one.
I was betting Garden State and Yonkers in winning.
Uh-huh.
Biscayne in winning. It was amazing.
That's the one you're a harness man anyway in your heart.
Yeah.
Uh, you know, uh, I don't know where you with seizures at all and the sports put there.
No, I didn't go into seizures this time.
Uh, that that's a great sports.
Yeah, I've been in that and it is a great one, but the stardust, I don't know.
They're just something about the stardust. They just have the right combination.
They got colder.
They got Hollywood. They got Biscayne. They got Garden State. They got Yonkers.
I mean, you'd you understand what it's like, betting Jack Mosef and Joe Marsh Jr. at the same time for me.
I mean, that was like dying going to heaven.
I know it's our gas, man.
Oh, God. And they both won.
Were you staying at the stardust?
No, I was staying at a, uh, it's called the, um, Romade in Centro Pays Suites, which is not a casino.
It's one of those all suites motels.
Was it on the strip?
No, it's off the strip as a matter of fact, it's on, um, carbon avenue.
And it's right off. It's like maybe a mile, a half a mile off the strip, but it's right near the Aladdin.
It's right. It's just in a great central location. It's right off Paradise Boulevard.
It's across the street. I'll tell you from the hot rock cafe.
Well, I'm not familiar with that. The last time I was in Vegas was about four months ago.
Did I say hot rock cafe, the hard rock cafe?
The hard rock cafe.
My mind is just, in fact, slaughter was there the other day.
The last day that I was there on Friday and all the kids were there in the media.
And that place is just happening 24 hours a day. It's incredible.
Was it hot?
No.
It wasn't.
The weather was so perfect. It was just incredible.
It would be like 60 in the daytime.
Sun shining, not a cloud in the sky.
Crisp warm, nice pleasant. And then at night, it would be cool like that, a 35 or 6, but not windy.
There was no breeze at all. So you could almost go out without a jacket at night and not be freezing.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
That real dry, cool air.
Actually, that's a great town during the day when the weather is not too hot.
You don't need a car or a cab. You can walk from place to place.
It's really very easy.
Yeah.
Everything's so close to you.
Well, not when you're in a big hurry to lose your money.
You walk slowly. That's all.
Yeah. And that will end up with more money.
It was just great. I must have hit about a dozen different casinos from the Aladdin to the barbaric coast.
And the amazing part of it is I was winning in almost every place.
The only place I lost the Mirage when I first got in there, I lost about a quick 400 up to slots, which I always do just to be a good guy.
And I think, and at the ex caliber, I think I won about 100 and a half.
Because the place was so exciting, I stuck around and gave it back to him.
You impressed with the caliber.
I thought the ex caliber was sensational.
A lot of sportsbook didn't, I don't know.
It didn't look like all that much. I mean, it was nice, but there was nobody added.
So that's usually a pretty good barometer, whether it's really a happening sportsbook.
But the rest of the place, the casino part is just electric.
With neon and, I mean, just far beyond anything you've ever seen, just enormous.
And then you go upstairs and they have all those restaurants.
It was just fabulous.
I think that all these people have been knocking the ex caliber.
I don't know what they're looking for. I thought it was great.
I don't know. It took a lot of knocks.
I was there in August just before it opened.
But on the outside looking at it, it looked so unbelievable.
It is. It is. And it's just gigantic.
So naturally, you've alley parked there.
You go right in and it's, you can spend a whole day there, easy.
That's the one that's got that humongous sword, right?
Right through the courtyard or whatever.
In fact, it's pointed in the, just the right way.
So if you have a real bad day inside, you come flying out
and you impair yourself right on the sword, it's all over.
It's great.
Well, it sounds like you had a great time.
I'll be looking forward to you picking horse.
Maybe there'll be a horse tomorrow called Vegas Gambler or something like that.
Yeah. That you'll be able to play.
Well, it sure won't be the one I bet on last week.
It was one of those two-year-old maiden races.
And they bet the seven horse down right at the end.
In fact, the funny part of it is the horse that had the lead all the way.
You'll remember this.
The two horse was the horse that beat me out one day a couple of weeks ago that I picked.
And Gera rode the horse.
And the horse, this horse, led all the way.
He said a real slow pace.
It was a mile in the sixteenth and he went the half and like 49 and four or something like that.
And the two horse had lead in the stretch.
And the seven with Michael Lee came from out of the sky and one.
They bet him down to two to one at the end.
Unless it was Vicks and girl.
No.
Well, I can't remember off the top of my head.
But there are so many horses that go through my head every day.
I'm sure there are.
You know, it's impossible for me to remember one.
But anyway, I'm looking forward to you calling tomorrow.
And we'll get back on our winning ways.
You bet.
Okay. Whatever you say.
I really missed you, pal.
Well, here I am.
Well, for better or worse, yeah.
Thank you. And we'll talk to you tomorrow.
Okay, Phil.
Okay. Have a good one.
Glad you had a good vacation.
Thanks.
Bye.
1147 at WI.
Don't try to, don't call here and try to cheer me up.
And I'm back in his God for sick and depressing place.
I know where I am.
I know what my lot in life is.
We have an open line of day in one in Palm Beach.
Boy, Steve must be really excited.
I just got heavy duty time.
He's got Gary Daniels.
And who's that sports guy that's coming on overnight?
How come I can't find the name of that?
Bill Gardner.
This, Jackie, another guy never did a talk show in his life.
He's going to be doing a sports talk show overnight.
It's just amazing, isn't it?
I mean, WS News with all of their power and all of that company's money.
They couldn't do it.
And Steve, the rationale is, well, we saw in spots.
We're selling live spot.
Well, the audience, I hate to break the news to.
The audience doesn't care how many spots you've got.
The audience wants to be entertained.
They want to be amused.
They want to be, they want something interesting, okay?
They want to be entertained.
And they don't care how many spots you're selling.
They're not interested in just supporting you for the rest of your life.
They want something that's different at exciting and new.
Not the same old rehash contrived crap that they've heard 50 million times before.
I'd rather sit and listen to that all day to be honest with you.
I'm starting to get used to it.
I kind of like it.
Every so often an artist comes along that captures in song the true spirit of Christmas.
Now that hallowed tradition lives on.
Because here he comes, the honest working man in snow business.
My godfather of Noel, Mr. James Brown.
And that's the holy NASA.
All is calm.
All is rat.
See the vagim.
Come here Tim.
It's giving up on you.
Let's go wild.
Woo!
Here's the song.
A James Brown Christmas song.
But to record set that puts the soul in your white Christmas.
He's the same.
And you better watch.
Hit.
Been in that training.
Been in that battle.
Killing you white.
Sand is gotta brand new back.
Why be good for Christmas when you can be bad?
Start watching your stockin' with a James Brown Christmas.
Wow!
Happy hearing.
And your thing.
Glad it's you.
Happy Bond King.
Christmas in America.
I feel broke.
Okay, 1154.
Well, we got a lot of mail every time I think I got the latest tally here.
She hands me another stack.
Speaking of stack, here's the not-slanding lady.
Hi.
How you doing?
Good, how are you?
Ah, I'm okay.
I have to be back, huh?
Oh, yeah.
I'm readjusting.
I'm just readjusting to my environment.
Well, you missed a good and a fairly good episode.
No, I saw Thursday.
Did you?
Yeah.
Did you see it the week that you left?
No.
What's the good episode?
No, I didn't see that.
I saw last week, though, and I see that Val is crazy as ever, which I don't know what the
big deal is about that.
She's always been nuts.
Yeah.
She's just a little worse than usual.
But then what happened there at the end that kid he went to the house and there's something
going on inside of the game?
The father is, it's how the beast deal.
Oh.
The father is abusing him.
Really?
Yeah, so, you know, good old Mac to the rescue, I guess he's going to adopt this guy.
Oh, jeez.
Oh, man.
And at Linda, what a slut she is.
Did they see what I thought?
Did you see when the guy asked her about the ring was that last week or the week before,
that guy from the other company?
Yes, her, oh, are you engaged?
She says, oh, no, that was my mother's ring.
No, it must have been the week before.
Yeah, I taped that one if you want me to send it to her.
She is a real slut.
She's like Mindy on guiding light.
She's just like the town tram.
Yeah.
I don't like guiding light, I guess I should.
Yeah, it's well, I think you missed the best parts.
It's all over.
All the assignments over.
Ah.
But anyhow, did she disappear?
Can you believe that?
She took like a deep breath.
Are you there?
I'm here.
Well, you got cut off there for a second.
You got that crappy mobile phone.
I never know when the hell you're there.
This is it.
This is it.
Don't laugh.
If you could hear what this sounds like on the ear,
you would just, you would want laughing gas.
Oh, God.
I'm going to get my filling steak and I right now.
I think it's starting that Mercury vapor is backing up into your phone.
See ya.
I can't, I can't keep her on.
It's just hopeless.
Get a new phone.
Well, yeah.
We love her, but her phone sucks.
We have an open-line in date, 751 and 1 and 1 and 1.
524, WIOD.
This is not, this is okay.
It's about what you expect on a Monday.
Oh, gee, it's Monday.
What do you expect?
Geez, I've been away for a long time.
We had one call about our horse yet.
About the big thing with Christmas list at the Pompa-Dopark.
Did we have one call about that?
Nothing.
Did we have a call about Rick Sanchez hitting some pedestrian after the Dolphin Eagle game?
Nothing.
Did we have one intelligent call about all this incredible radio stuff that's going on in the market
that's almost worth talking about on your molar station WFTL?
I'm serious, man.
If we have an epidemic of people having their fillings taken out there,
whatever number they would have had, like a one, it's going to cut to a third.
They'll have like a point three.
Because that's where a lot of these people in the condos pick up FDL, Zano's fillings.
I'm playing with my nose.
Oh, really?
Nine minutes after noon, let's go.
Now, wait a minute. She's already gone, right?
Not slanting, lady? Is she back?
You're back?
I'm back.
Wow, it sounds so much better.
Yeah, I have a better connection.
Would you do a pull out a couple of fillings during the news, Ken?
That was it.
I took your word for it.
So I found the seed.
You found what?
Oh, is it back on?
Yeah.
When is it on?
It's a weird time. It's on, I think, P124.
I'll check and let you know the mob for sure.
But I'm pretty sure.
P124 is seven in the morning on Thursday.
Oh, so on the same day?
Yeah.
Well, that's not bad.
Well, we could talk about a Thursday.
Yeah.
I said a Friday.
Great.
Yeah.
Well, that'll give me something to get up early for.
Oh, I was all excited because you had said you were going to be on Thursday.
Two weeks ago.
Well, I was going to be on, but then I had the whole bunch of stuff I had to take care of.
And I did it was on for like 10 minutes.
Oh, so I was all excited thinking I was going to call you with all the info.
Oh, so you had it, huh?
I had it.
But I taped it if you want that episode.
It was a pretty good episode.
Was it?
Yeah.
We had about two minutes of Pat.
Hmm.
Moe saw me in the elevator last week.
Right.
In the elevator.
But it was still pretty good.
It was pretty good.
The past couple weeks had been pretty good.
Well, I'm getting real tired of the guy and his daughter.
You know who I'm to what's his name?
Yeah.
The black guy.
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh.
All of those are some interesting people in school there, but that's another story.
Yeah, except for her boyfriend.
Nerdy.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Oh, she's got a little problem.
Yeah, a little bit.
A little bit of problem.
Well, I'm glad you got your phone straight now.
This is sure a big improvement, a big turnaround.
Yeah, I should have let you hear how bad it was.
Now I'm going to.
Ooh.
Yeah, was that bad?
That bad, huh?
What is that in the bag?
They heard your drill.
They're screaming.
Sounds like a scene from the exercise system.
Yeah.
They're really good.
We'll have a great day and I'll see you Thursday.
Okay.
Bye.
Bye.
For years, one world has its going to the mountains.
Today, he visits Capitol Hill.
Why, there's say, aren't you Juan Baldez?
Yeah.
I didn't know you're a Democrat.
No, no.
He's my borough.
Introducing this street of Columbia Coffee.
Oh, I say, well, what can I do for you, Juan?
I would like to know who's counting the beans.
You know, that's a real good question.
Developed through years of extensive research and cost over lots.
The district of Columbia Coffee is the richest, most expensive kind of coffee you can buy.
Yes, very much.
Here Mr. President, I tried this.
Oh, sure.
But it's not strong.
Why?
Because you people need to wake up.
The district of Columbia Coffee from general foods.
Because Congress is just full of nuts.
Oh, I'm here for a thing.
I'm here for a thing.
When it's time for a salad, nothing beats the convenience of the salad shooter.
Just aim and shoot.
It's great.
Yeah.
If you're a leaf-botten-root-sucking-bedhead,
but when you've got 40 pounds of ground chuck-staring you in the face,
you need the big, more power of the meat mortar.
Move from kitchen commando.
It's the mother of mother's helpers.
The meat mortar is the only dinner delivery system that can fire up to 20.
I have the rounds per second.
Just insert your meat.
Meat in the hole.
Set your gas or electric range finders.
Wax and loaded.
And your dinner's on target.
It's coming.
And the meat mortar's just one weapon in our arsenal of meal-communicians.
You can also get the beef, fizzouga, the lunch meat launcher,
and the semi-automatic pork pistol.
Real defiance is a real people.
And only from kitchen commando.
We're ready to bust your jobs.
Well, Debbie's going to be big in Nashville, isn't she?
WLAC?
Wow.
Is she going to love it up there, huh?
They can bring her to work in a pickup truck every day.
Just haul her ass right in there.
Talk for me.
Mid-Jet, Kelly LeBron.
Barbara Hershey, Julio Robert.
What made them so rich in things?
Talent, hard work.
Well, be parent.
No, and it's so obvious it's right under the nose on your face.
They all have big fat lips.
And now you can do.
Introducing Le press on lips.
Yes, go from thin lip lonely, and stuff full lip fantasies in just seconds.
Watch the full lip press on lips.
Hi, Alden.
Oh, hello, Elizabeth.
And after.
Hi, Alden.
Liz, did someone punch you in the mouth?
Le press on lips.
Come in all shapes and colors.
Blue lips for cold days.
High lips for the office.
Blue lips for naval operations.
And if anything ever goes wrong with your lips,
bring them in for our exclusive lip service.
Cool, stiff, Vicks.
I've worked on it myself.
So, kiss thin lips goodbye.
And lock your lips on this.
Le press on lips.
Thanks to us.
There's a pocket-borne every minute.
Okay, you can say that again.
115 at W.I.D.
Look at us.
Somebody sent me some pictures of loose, finer, deli and Detroit.
Man.
Also in the mail, along with some more money for CamiloSaus,
is a give-through certificate, a hundred bucks at Barren's Men's Stores.
Nice that we're going to give away as one of our door prizes and charcoals on Friday.
And, you know, we got a short turnaround.
Monday is already shot.
So, we got Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
And if there are any merchants out there,
any people who want to donate, like the nice lady that gave us those plane tickets to Europe,
which was just a dazzler when we did the thing that it's fixing the sawgrass,
and we'll try to come up with some more dolphin-cult tickets
and see what we can come up with between now and Friday.
There's a little enticement to get a whole bunch of people out there at charcoals.
Okay, it's 116.
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail.
Okay, what's the price tag on the dentist drill?
I'll give you $500 to come to the house.
If you give me that tape, that way I know it'll never be played again.
I can't take it!
Time to get in the answer.
I can't take it!
Get in the egg.
Okay, 116.
We have one open line in date and one in Broward.
Look at that.
That volume, people are real slow on the update today.
I'll tell you, 751.
Of course, it just as well, because I'm like a little on the weather.
Man, slow.
Maybe I'm finally fitting in, you know?
Get real slow, lethargic.
Kind of crappy, you know?
Maybe getting the flu.
Now D, and let's take a call.
Oh, you're still on the line in Cleveland, right?
Yeah, I was just wrapping up Sally Pizzis.
Sally Pizzis, present.
Okay, okay, let's make sure you're put into batteries.
Hold on, let's go to Dennis and Ojas.
Hello, Nidmitha Rages.
Oh, boy, yeah.
Yes.
Come on, you can do it.
I'm at dentist and I thought I would call for some equal time.
Okay.
You know the irony of this thing is right now is we're sitting here without electricity.
Yeah.
None of my equipment's working.
Why is that?
In Ojas?
Well, at my office, I don't know what's happening, maybe the FDNO people are working.
Maybe OPNL, maybe Ojas power and electric is on strike or something.
Either that or they watch 60 minutes.
Yeah, could be.
But I wanted to say.
Maybe Marley Safer is outside of your office pulling the plug.
That's very well possible.
That's very well possible.
Could be.
So what do you have to say for yourself, sir?
Now that you've poisoned all of the public and have all this mercury running around in our systems, what are we going to do about it?
What do I have to say?
Yeah.
I think you should worry less about mercury in your mouth than your reinies.
Oh, okay.
It's something to think about.
That's the best I can do.
Thank you, sir.
Like I said, maybe someday we'll hear from a real dentist.
127.
You see, they wouldn't have the balls to call now because there are.
Can you imagine the dentist of America today after that show last night?
They probably all got that sh- that shingle out.
Don't panic.
I wasn't going to say what you thought I was going to say.
Shingle starts with an SH, but they probably got that out too.
They're probably doing it.
Man.
All these nasty calls.
That's what I would do if I were you folks.
I don't want to start like a big thing.
But I'd get on the phone right now and call your dentist and raise holy hell and carry on like Rumpel stills going on the phone and jump up and down and make a big scene.
And act like the world's coming to an end.
How come you're poisoning me?
How come you've been sticking all that crap in my mouth all these years?
And the mercury vapors are seeping into every pore in my body.
I want you- I don't want you to get too pissed up, but I want you to just stop and think depending on how old you are.
If you're old like I am like late 40s or in your 30s even.
Old.
Ancient.
Every aching pain that you've experienced over the last 10, 15, 20 years might be- I didn't say it is, but it might be directly attributed to the mercury in your mouth.
And your miserable money grabbing.
Dettist.
Who doesn't give a damn about you, your kids, your family, anything.
Doesn't care about your health.
All he wants is your dollars, okay?
All he wants is your hard earned money.
So I don't want you to get too upset when you call and you carry on and throw a fit when you pit your fit on the phone.
And say, what are you going to do about this doc?
Ha!
In fact, maybe we could start selling portable drills and you could take like- maybe Sally's got one.
One of those battery operated deals.
And you could take into the dentist on your next appointment, okay?
Have a little surprise.
Go into the office and just whip it out yourself.
Say, here's a little dose of your own medicine doc.
Strap him in the chair and just go crazy.
Just drill every one of his goddamn teeth.
So he throws a hole in there the size of the grand canyon.
And then just slab that stuff in there, man.
Pounds and pounds of it.
Be sure and bring your gas mask.
Maybe you can borrow one from Saddam Hussein.
You see that thing on the news in Iraq, they're showing everybody how to put that gas mask on.
And quite frankly, most of them look a hell of a lot better with it.
129 at WIO.
Do we have an open line in date? 751-9463.
A mobile pig report? It says?
No, no.
Yeah.
Hey, welcome back.
Yeah, so much. Thank you.
You know what I tell you, OK, real quick, 75, as you come out of the term pike.
As you come on?
As you're coming off 75, getting out of the term pike, going south, there's two quick ones.
This is pretty up the bottom.
Well, screw them.
Yeah, they just said my exact word.
Yeah.
You know, I'm starting to listen to this with the wood.
Let them go out and do something really constructive like arrest all the dentists.
Yeah, there's no crime.
Right. That's right.
OK, they're just getting their quotas.
How come when I go all over the rest of the world?
I don't see this crap going on.
And you come back here to South Florida, and they're all sitting out there with their damn radar
and their vast car and their weapon, their weapon.
You know what I saw yesterday?
These cops in Margate, they were hiding two of them, or motorcycle cops, off their bikes.
They both had the radar gun.
And they were hiding behind this bush, and as cars would come around the corner,
they would point it like a gun at you.
And then the third cops down the street would pull you over.
Yeah, it's not nice.
And you know what this one guy did?
I saw him get a ticket, and I went home and I made lunch, and as I was coming back,
I saw the same guy pull over.
He made a sign, and went all the way up to the front of the road saying radar trap just around the corner.
Good for him.
And he came and arrested him.
For what?
For, um, I guess, the obstruction or something like that, because I pulled over.
So listen to what was going on, and the same guy that got pulled over for the ticket was gain handcuffed
because he had a sign up up the street, you know, before the radar truck.
Unbelievable.
Hermann Gehring would be proud, so it's all I could say.
I saw what Nazi Germany is alive and well in South Florida.
You know, I'm going to call my judge.
I just had a root canal that a little bit ago.
Yeah.
And they didn't fill it with the, you know, how the filling is, it's a dark, like it looks like metal.
The mercury rather?
What they filled it.
It's white.
And it's...
Of course.
Yeah, I don't know.
And that's all he said he's going to do to my tooth.
Well, thank God, man.
I'm calling him today, and I'm going to ask him because, you know, I got my mouth like yours is loaded.
I was a candy freak when I was little.
Really?
And basically, I can feel the mercury dripping now.
Can you?
I can.
Yeah, I can.
I can feel a dripping too.
This is Tony from Berkeley, man.
Okay, Tony.
It's about time we stood up and did something for ourselves, okay?
Yeah, listen, this is great to have you back.
Have a great life.
Take a light.
See you.
132, it sure is...
Now, I don't understand something.
Oh, I'm on the wrong break.
I don't even know what the hell's going on.
I'm so confused.
And you know what it's all about.
It's all in my head.
It's all from that mercury poisoning.
We've all been poisoned by our dentist.
I want everybody, if you didn't see 60 minutes last night,
we ought to like read a gigantic auditorium.
Maybe the orange pool.
We can put it up on the screen in Joe Robbie Stadium.
And jam 80,000 people in there and make everybody watch it twice.
And then go home and open up your mouth and look inside.
And see all that mercury, all that crap that's in there,
that they've stuck in your mouth that's releasing those harmful poisonous...
Let me say it again, poisonous vapors into your body,
poisoning your system and shortening your life and making you sick at a wretched and miserable.
They can you feel like crap.
In fact, you don't even have to call up your own dentist.
Just open up the yellow pages of the phone book and start calling around town.
Get them on the phone.
Say thanks a lot, Doc, for making everybody feel like crap.
For putting poison in everybody's mouth and then going out and spending the money
and going off to Reno and Tahoe and having a good time.
At our expense, you bastards.
Let them have it.
And if they don't like it, you tell them I told you to say so.
Tell them Alice Rantell told you, okay?
He knows a lot about stuff that drips inside your mouth.
133, well like herpes, stuff like that.
At WIOD.
Doesn't he?
Well, he might. He's done enough of those doctors shows.
Anyway, Christmas dinner at the Spice Dapel restaurant is going to be something mighty special this year.
And they want you to join him.
Oh boy, I just saw a sudsus in the building.
I didn't have the heart to tell him.
It's not bad enough that they're up against Mr. Ego in the afternoon.
But this week, heavy duty competition coming from the North.
Randy Bart, pulling in for leaf honor.
Can you believe that?
How are they going to handle that?
Man, can you see Mr. Riley cracking out of the pressure?
Not only knowing that he's got Mr. Ego on there just kicking serious butt
with those contrived controversial shows.
The only problem is these put all of his guests on his host now.
How is he going to have those people on the air on his show?
Not only having to deal with that, but also,
Randy formerly Mrs. Jeff Chase Martin.
Oh, did he hear it? Don't tell him about it.
I'm playing with my nose.
You may crack under the pressure.
And I'm up against her right now.
I had to deal with two hours of Randy from noon to two.
They got the heavy duty about two to three.
She ought to be wound up like an alarm clock.
Man, she ought to be just on a roll like a Kaiser roll.
Are you still there?
What, Sally, take over this collar one?
Oh, are you there?
Yeah, I was just checking Sally's presence.
Okay, hold on.
Let's go to a high alia.
Hey, Neil, what's up?
How you doing?
Yeah, long time no talk to you.
What's happening now?
Hey, what are we doing at, sir?
The show's almost over.
I'm going to go home and check my alarm clock
to see if I'm in the right time zone.
Yeah, anything about the golfers, huh?
They're kicking ass, sir.
They look pretty good yesterday.
We had a few nervous moments, but they looked okay.
We're 11 and three, sir.
11 and three, we're going to go all the way to the...
All those doom and gloom people that said,
boy, we're not even going to make the playoffs.
What do they say now?
You realize that we could get lucky and beat the bills next week
because Kelly, of course, isn't going to play.
And we know we're going to beat the Colts on the last day.
And we could wind up 14 and three.
Hey, Neil.
Would that be something or would it be something?
Yeah, let me tell you something.
Tell me something.
Tim Moby's going to save himself a lot of money
because he's only going to rent a bus to go there to Tampa.
So I'll save him some money there for the Tampa.
Yeah.
Hey, Neil, what's happening with the bus?
What's happening with him?
Yeah.
He's on his way to your house.
141 at W.I.D.
because he figures you've got the same kind of sense of humor he does.
We have an open line at Dave County, 751-9463.
Let's Stephanie Bromfield.
Do I know her?
Well, I mean, is she been here?
Is that somebody new?
Stephanie Bromfield?
Is she ever done the news on this show before?
Well, it's not really on this show.
It's like after this show.
What are they saving her for Rick and Pud?
What do they got like their own news person now too?
Just because Henry's on vacation.
And poor Chuck E. Meyer has to get up like at four o'clock in the morning.
Man, the library looked so squirrely today.
He was just his eyeballs were just rolling around like pinballs.
I thought I was back in Vegas.
Man, it was like a lemon in the cherry on the side of his nose.
Davey.
Hello.
Oh, what?
I've been waiting and waiting.
Well, it's your turn right now.
Don't start doing the heavy breathing routine.
Chris and the showpers are driving me crazy.
I've been stepped on, pushed on, walked on, knocked, hit down, and besides that,
my teeth are dripping all over.
With Mercury, yeah.
Yes.
And I have a question for you.
I better check.
You better check with Dr. Bendova because there might be Mercury in your reinus.
I'm telling you, it's everywhere, babe.
Yeah, that's what Mickey Daneson.
Oh, I'm telling you.
I got a question for you.
Okay, we can handle it.
It's a biggie.
Really?
Who is this guy that you played on your show with all back?
It's a song called Up the Road.
Up the Road.
What the hell are you talking about?
Maybe I heard me.
You've been listening to KISS?
Well, you know, it's during the holiday season.
No, I'm half nuts.
I can't write everything down.
Now, you're probably talking about the Mike Roberts show because that's where he's going up the road.
Him and Bob Gordon and all those other people at FTO.
It's by Johnny.
Don't you feel bad about that, Steve, about all these people are going to be out of work because
of you and all your meddling over there.
People like Bob Gordon will never get another job in a business as long as he lives.
All these people need to feed their families at Christmas time, no less.
It would be almost like we letting the bird go just before Christmas, like we did last year.
Are you following me?
I'm right here.
Well, let's go.
Okay, well, you hold on a second.
Okay, we'll come back to you.
Let's try a mobile from Delray on a starline.
Wow.
Yeah.
It's just kind of scary this dentist thing here.
Not for myself.
My mouth isn't full of fillings or fillings.
The sounds pretty full of it to me so far.
I'll tell you that.
But what scares me is my girlfriend's been going to the dentist quite often.
Yeah.
Is there any chance that I heard her?
Has he been drilling her?
Oh, well, I don't know anything about that, but I know she's full of fillings.
Yeah.
But is there any chance that me and her like topulate?
You know, with my thing in that, can this thing be transmitted through, you know, you know what I'm trying to say?
Mouth to mouth.
Wow.
Or, or, or, or, or.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Is that a term of looking for?
Yeah, you might have Mercury Vapour's grip it all over God only knows where.
Wow.
Now, this is scary.
Who would you recommend as a for legal assistance on this?
What?
I call up Norman Kent.
He knows a good drip when he sees one.
145 at WIOD.
We have an open line.
Mr. Kent, can you believe that?
Lawyers doing talk shows in the morning.
Scream at about politics and Margate.
Satellite dishes and plantation.
Alice Rantell doing those geriatric health testing spots in the midday.
Who?
Mr. Ego with his 85,000 best restaurants in town in the afternoon.
And then people we never heard of before.
Gary Daniels.
Am I promoting the hell out of them or what?
Don't play moths when they go down and flames in about six months.
Gary Daniels.
I mean, what the hell are they going to get?
They're going to sell spots there and poor Craig.
He's on another death wish.
But thank God, at least he's working from 10 to 2.
Let's promote the hell out of the Craig Worthing show because he's a good guy and a talent which is very unusual in his business.
10 p.m. to 2 in the morning.
You can listen on nights when Hank isn't on, okay?
And you can listen when Larry's on anytime because we don't give a crap about Larry.
146 at WIOD.
Everybody likes to challenge the challenge of the chase and the thrill of the win.
Come to Tropical at Calder.
We're gleaming thoroughbreds.
Test their strength and stamina to put you in the weiner circle.
Okay?
For those bells do it for me.
I'll tell you.
149 at WIOD.
Our total we have surpassed last year.
I think we ought to have like a fanfare.
Well, that's the closest thing we got in the machine.
76,762 dollars and 85 cents.
Not bad.
You folks are really coming through.
And this is any year when there's a recession and nobody's got any money and everybody's depressed and everybody's whining.
And we still are almost at 77,000 out of way to over 100.
For Camilla's house and the homeless and then we're only eight days away from Christmas.
Reach down into that wallet.
Okay?
And get more than just Lint and Naval here.
Come on.
Come up with some serious bucks.
Make the checkout today to Camilla's house and set it to Neo Rogers WIOD.
Miami in the zip is 331-41.
Here's a mobile and Kendall.
A pedestrian.
A pedestrian.
You're no political radar.
I hit him.
And he flew very far.
Okay.
Thank you, Rick.
Now what's a real story?
Do you know the story about Rick Sanchez hitting the pedestrian after the year?
What do you want to know about Johnny Dark?
Do you know the story?
Well, how come we don't have the story?
Are we supposed to be the station that's always got the story behind the story?
Or behind the pedestrian?
What the hell happened?
This is because the guy made fun of Rick singing.
Oh, that would have.
Well, let's probably celebrate it.
151 at WIOD.
Hey, he said, thanks for the memories.
Ricky Tickie.
Do you hear about Ricky Tickie's $200 check for Camilla's house?
What a guy.
My favorite.
Even if he does play a bunch of crap on the areas, the hell of a guy, okay?
Wonder how many fillings he's got.
Can you imagine?
Eh!
Can you...
I can just see from his brain.
Under that cap, I can see all the stuff draining down.
Either the top, or the top of his teeth.
I bet you they ever cut off his teeth at the roots, man.
Everything would just drip for days.
Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm doing it.
Did you enjoy your week off?
Oh, man.
I had the greatest time of my life.
The only depressing part was coming back.
Oh, well, I understand that.
Now, if I would have had another...
You see, I was going to go into this today and I forgot.
You had to refresh my memory.
If employers were smart, I know this comes off sounding ridiculous.
But if employers were smart, they'd give their help a lot more vacations.
Because then you come back and we're willing to work.
Well, no, but I mean, you have a great time.
You recharge your batteries to Sallywood's engine.
And you feel like you're on it like a newly sunlight.
Well, I've found a few things that Europeans do have on us.
Is that they have more vacation time and more leisure time as part of their work.
Right.
Set up.
Exactly.
What I call about though, is that I don't know if anybody has told you about this because you've been gone,
is that on Wednesday night, there's going to be an auction club new to raise money for Camilla's house.
Right.
And the items that are being auctioned off are some paintings and also some art to wear jackets that are hand-painted
by the students of the new design high school.
Excellent.
And I thought that maybe some of your listeners would like to know about it.
What kind of...
It's from 18 to 10 p.m. at the auction begins at 9 p.m.
This is a club new on Miami Beach.
Right.
It's being presented to a Gillian Boss design.
Fantastic.
I know that that's one of your pet projects.
You bet.
Wanted to make sure that people heard about it.
Excellent. Thanks a lot.
Okay.
Have a good one.
Okay, you too.
153 at WIOD, $76,762 and a very important 85 cents we are really doing it.
I haven't even...
Every time I did the mail today, she'd come in with another stack.
It was like some kind of a game that event was playing.
I finally finished it all.
If she has any more mail when I get out there, I'm going to punch her in a mouth.
I haven't even delighted we're doing so well, but enough is enough for one day, okay?
And I see Jay finished up.
My car is coming with the keys.
We got our lockers.
Do you guys from the coast have a...
You got one too?
Wow.
Eat your heart out.
Glenn, whatever your name is.
Glenn, thank you, Jay.
Thank you.
Oh, Gary, I'm sorry.
Gary Daniels, whoever you are, leave it to Steve to put together a staff of real stars
there, man.
Gary Daniels.
And who's the overnight guy that's going to do sports who never would know a radio from
a pop-up toaster?
What's his name?
Paul Bronstie?
No, I think he's the owner.
Bill Gardner.
Oh, yeah.
I thought he did a gardening show.
And who's some of the other repat Mahoney?
Man.
Are they going to have a lineup over there or what?
Rick Ciderman?
Wow.
God.
I think it might spin down.
I'm putting the business.
Waterhill.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Boy, I'm telling you.
Yeah.
Steve Cain.
Who?
Steve Cain.
Oh, yeah.
Mr. Rigo?
Yeah.
The day you left, he was ready to give a commercial on that jewelry store, you know, he's
got.
Yeah.
That sponsor?
Okay.
He says, boy, I'm going to give a commercial, but he said, I want to tell you one thing.
Neil is stealing my sponsors.
He said he sent Denon Bird, wherever he is.
He said, you sent Denon Bird right over to that jewelry store.
Well, I hate to break the news to you, sir, but National Pond and jewelry has been out
with me every Christmas for the last three or four years and will continue to do so.
And Julie is a good friend of mine.
And we don't need to steal any sponsors from WFTL.
In case you've been listening, you know, this.
We got lots of sponsors.
All right.
And we had lots of sponsors before Steve ever came back on the air, but if it makes him feel
better, you bet Steve, we're going to steal all your sponsors, okay?
And 20 bucks a spot, just out of spite.
Oh, and he said that he was only a fraction away from hiring somebody from WJNO, which was
Lee Power.
Yeah, what a bad break.
If they could have gotten him, man, that would have been completed the deck.
And he said that he'll let us know and there's going to be a lineup that will knock your
fuck off.
And that Jill Gardner, I don't know where any socks are already off.
Johnny Dark just took him off.
Look at that.
Our guy's socks.
I haven't seen those since high-button shoes.
Meal that Bill Gardner.
Yeah, who's that?
He's the DJ that's running the records from 12 until 6 in the morning during the week.
Oh, he ought to be great.
He ought to be fantastic.
Yeah, what's he going to do?
Because it says it's forchos, you're going to be like we're a jockstrap during the show.
He's got nothing about sports for crying out loud.
Yeah, well, it's okay.
There's nobody up at that time anyway.
Can you imagine what their signal in those hours the more?
If they had a point one, it would represent the number of people in this studio at this
moment.
And do you know that he had a man on it was talking about Mason's last week?
Mason doing?
And was within an inch a throwing the guy out.
Well, I've heard that show.
Well, I can't wait.
Didn't you have a show one time with a Mason on that you had a Mason on?
No, we had the urine lady out with a Mason jar, but that's another story.
Have a great day, sir.
We're delighted to hear the Steve Kane report.
Now, what is your story?
I kept looking.
I didn't hire me to do sports over there.
Yeah, how come Johnny dark?
Well, that's because you know me.
He wouldn't hire anyone.
No, seriously, he wouldn't hire anybody I like.
Although I like Alice.
Alice is okay in her own in his own way.
And Norm can't say good friend of mine and my attorney.
But you see, he's just got to surround himself with all his little lackeys over there.
I mean, this Reverend Pat Mahoney and Rick Siderman and he wanted to see.
Haste to them.
Where is the credibility in that?
Pretty soon, I'll probably have a Fred shots on there.
Man, this party was great.
I heard it sucked.
That's right.
I heard they had some ridiculous.
This psychic was the most amazing guy.
I heard that everybody was terminally bored by it.
They all went running out screaming and puking.
Leave it to you.
In other words, the food was good.
Is that what you're trying to say?
Suts was actually dressed.
I heard that Rick Riley was dressed in a pink outfit that the people were just jumping
off the other going up the elevator of the top floor and doing leaps and bounds.
Amazing.
Was it?
Suts had a coat on, a sports coat and sneakers.
Yeah, that sounds like him.
And what the hell is the deal with these Zuba pants and Cad Play?
I mean, it was fun in the beginning.
But now all these ugly people are wearing.
Like Rick Riley and all these people at the ball games.
You see these fat coaches with these.
I mean, there are some clothes that are only meant to be worn by people with reasonably
shaped bodies, but all these big fat, aad gibber looking guys on a sideline.
And they got those big size 85 pup-ten Zuba pants on.
Come on.
Give me a break.
They're like some Jack S wearing a cap doing a talk show.
While we're on radio, they can't see it.
While I had to wear an enement set it over and they're doing this real good thing, proud
to be me with kids and with the drugs and all of that stuff.
And then this morning, I'm watching the CBS Morning News and they have a thing about
huffing.
Okay, did you see that?
It's not enough that we, the kids haven't figured enough ways to commit suicide yet.
Now they got a new one where they start huffing and puffing on this like a cigar lighter,
cigarette lighter.
What do they call that butane?
Mudelle.
They start turning on a waxy in the morning.
I listened to Greg butanele and they start huffing and puffing and man, bingo, they're dead
like in 30 seconds.
It's incredible.
Now seriously, they sent him a vacation for two weeks to get him out of town to find
a cure for it.
They said there's only one worse thing to hear in the morning.
And that's norm can.
Those of us who tuned in like, what is it?
Could you briefly tell me what the story is with this mercury stuff?
60 minutes had a big expose last night.
The mercury vapors and the mercury that's in a film, it releases vapors and like sometimes
they do like into your mouth and into your system and one woman had multiple sclerosis.
She had a phillics taken out.
She was like better in one day and people with arthritis and lumbago and piles.
Your dentists are killing you friends and if you don't go beat the crap out of them,
I'm going to be really pissed.
Okay.
Wow.
Stephanie Brownfield, a wonderful American who used to bring me the newspapers in the morning
and Zated.
Remember those days?
Oh, those were the days.
How's the bird doing?
Stephanie's got the two o'clock news.
Rick and Spud's are going to be along next and boy, they got a new star student lineup
that they're going to be announcing for WIOD and management.
Don't even know about it yet.
We got Mr. Weaver with the very celebratory sports talk from Boodles at 605.
The coach Leonardo show at the 720 UM and Dartmouth basketball 730 and in progress, the
Giants and Arams two night on 610 WIOD.
