really need calls today will take a couple here in there but boy this article by
ken ratter regays in a herald this morning
and pay for the beer
the most stupid article i think i've ever seen and said that's covered a lot of
ground in the herald
goldberg makes night of it talk host gives up security
for more willing for a freewheeling format and we'll get that minute
speaking of sports
uh... i must say and i say with chagrin with egg on my face because we've
you know when you're in this town you get had over at over and over
and uh... this hockey thing they had the press conference finally yesterday
afternoon
and uh... all of a sudden the guy who was supposed to be the big financial
backer was supposed to have backed out tonight before now he's back in its
the old in and out
if we can say that
and godfrey wood now he's belly aching about well the only problem is we've
only got a little under five thousand season tickets all
well you had a little under five thousand tickets all
shortly after the game here they whipped up all the enthusiasm we all got
excited said in the money
and then we're sitting in waiting
and if he thinks in these next three weeks they're going to get another six
thousand people to send in money for season tickets
they're not
because uh... the credibility factor at this point is minus infinity
so if the uh... national hockey league decides to give us a franchise and
could be because of godfrey wood in this group of mysterious in a closet
people
it'll be a miracle okay
we're still a name from the baseball team up there from uh...
mike veck we had a calm the mimey miracle
because that's what will be if we get the hockey team i have
well i should say i've never because i've seen it over and over and over again
in this town all of this time in the beginning
it appeared
that just maybe they had to craft together and uh... we had the game and it went
off i mean we had some ice problems but nonetheless we packed the arena was
great everybody was enthused
and now you just have that feeling that you've been had again you know what i
mean mister wood godfrey
never trust the guy named godfrey especially on my mb beach anyway
hank goldberg as you know and fact randy martin's last show
tonight
can you handle it can you handle one more
no
come on you can handle one more three hour show all night
night and the mountain again
randy left me a check for come on the souse this morning uh... too late to start
sucking around now but thank you randy
now seriously burning the heat mascot and the mighty maniac the hurricane
mascot are going to be her guest and i wonder what they're going to be doing
with randy
eight to eleven tonight is kind of a big send off
and hanks starts now monday night we have money night football
which just happens to be the dolphin raider game
and then twos day starts the hank goldberg show eight to eleven now this can
rather
rade rade get i can't say it after a day can you say it after a day
rade rade get i can't do it see i just don't my tongue is in shape that way
after you to piece of hollip offers to do it
anyway ken rod rig is right this uh... stupid sports on a air column in the
herald pretends you know something about the broadcasting
ken what you know about radio
i'd say he and boy gary are right on the same part that later is not going to
work George it's dead
kind of like the randy martin show it's it's not going to work you can shake
it and you can quake it its history
you know what we need in this and look at that iliana's wearing suspenders today
boy is she officially in that programming department now or what
wow it's the boy gary syndrome w i d george's fitling with his lighter
hello
hold on
anyway uh... what we got a bunch of calls on there but we're not ready yet we'll
get to you just relax you're not going anywhere on a friday
twenty five thousand six eighty five for comilla sounds that's incredible
three years ago
our total in two and a half months i think was about ten grand
in two and a half months
when we get the mail today it'll mean at the end of the day it'll be two full
weeks
and will be close to thirty thousand dollars and the most amazing part about what
you folks are doing
is that we're in a recession folks just ask anybody in retail and they're all
dying out there there's crying and just have it a fit
nobody's buying houses nobody's buying cars nobody's going to fancy restaurants
nobody because everybody's uh... in a panic
and a price of oil is gone through the roof and uh... the air is our look at the
dowels down up up nine points now but kind of sliding from that good start
people are just petrified
and in spite of that people are really shaken at loose
with the dollars for comilla souse in the homeless this year and that's great
i'm sure rush limbaugh wouldn't be proud of it but screw him right anyway getting
back to this column up i'm tempted to read it'll take a minute to get all these
and calls on their south Miami
deal yeah okay uh...
on rainy leaving her
well she says she's not really leaving she's going to be hanging around the
station i know what that means
kicker out of the city can be a dumber to his sister
carl the desert
don't give her a man
alright um... now he's gonna replace her
what do you mean who's gonna replace where have you been there you like an
ostriches your head been buried in the sand sir
chubby hank goberg is gonna replace her eight to eleven star that just got
through sand that's a Tuesday night
and pay for the beer
hank goberg right
oh my goodness bring back i'll spend it no kidding
just for a minute sounds like you know this sounds like to me
i'm afraid
super day no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no it's not
super day no let's take a poll hold on second is it super day
hello
he's not even here hello it's super day
hold on okay what do you think i think it's super day
okay what do you think
i don't know okay and you
i think it's super day
right is a big
to spag
okay and what about you
he attained
haha you've had it pal
no no no no no no you're hissed it's a super day
uh... it's not super day i bet you hang around with gale garden in the news
room that's all in the background who
big now
big out it wants to be a radio station person this is super day get out of here
twenty one after ten at wio d our audience is a lot sharper than i am i'll
try to that they know you like poison man
what was it
for me
by the way if you need a good twenty second car Roger
for your right here
he'll label off that sucker okay
alright Rick calm down rick sanchez really doing it
anyway he said he's bringing a checkover for a criminal house today so let's
get the and by the way somebody from channel seven spoke to me this morning
she was very pleasant and bubbly and ever vested
i guess we're going to change their attitude in the hurry okay ten twenty seven
okay i got to get to this article what
what was the uh... deal here i don't understand it
after all that brilliant stuff you've been to all sooner later we all hit
like a little vacuum
what
uh...
uh...
all i see okay get it out here
put in the desert
anyway uh...
well you know this
that's our chance of a lifetime all right we have an open line to date i'm not
taking too many these calls but boy will be a lot of fun being on hold
anyway goldware makes the night of it rights can
uh... just can't do it right riggas
well i'm sorry okay maybe i don't need enough black beans and rice and not
into that crap
i notice you've been in anything we bring in here is not mister choosian air
mister uh... professional cuban in the a control room
anyway talk host gives up security for more free free or freewheeling format
this is the most stupid bunch of crap
first of all i call bird works for beber silver steen is got more money than
god he makes more money at the track every week that most of us making a
damn life time i think that the beer exactly
and uh... the the he writes this article is though hank has been making a living
his whole life is dependent on doing a couple nights week on that in
ciphad stupid sports talk show rally talk about is the dolphins and hurricanes
and ignore all the real sports
anyway the bombastic voice booming out of your w.w.w.s sports talk radio dial
has been silenced he writes outrageous gone and with a day stream of sarcasm
cynicism one-liners and double on tans
i paid for the beer hank goldberg yaps no more between six and eight p.m. beginning
to the heaps from eight to eleven p.m. on his own show goldberg at night
now wait to listen to this
what this means for listeners of south florida's highest rated sports talk
radio show is a gentler friendly or less controversial program what this means
for callers is less provocation is this guy nuts
a kinder gentler hank goldberg this man's nuts i paid for the beer
and it goes on and on and out says the loss of goldberg south florida's most
compelling sports radio personality will hurt but sports talk will survive
and it alters line up slightly and goes out of this big thing about jose a gaki
who went to boy giri and recommended that hank do eight to eleven at night trying
to get because uh... joe wants him off that sports show that's obvious
he's tired of being shown up and it even goes in here it says the gaki and goldberg
are fast friends but sometimes there was enough room on the show for both of
them
i thought sometimes i hindered hank got in his ways a gaki said sometimes he can
be very domineering
there were times where he would take over the whole show in the worst thing you
can do is get in the way of it
i think hank is going strong enough to carry the ship at night i think he's
going to be magnificent
and a couple of other quotes in here too about uh... how the where's that other
quote
oh yeah he says uh... we're going to have content will be stronger than ever
zagaki says the people to an effort to address style your full of crap joe
they like hank
they think you're boring
and uh... then the guy goes on and on about sports talk and he's tremendous
ratings it about uh... the highest rated sports talk show about about about
i mean sports talk it's like threes okay
once in a while to make it a four they get like threes
no problem
anyway
well listen i'm under a lot of pressure here today
i just don't understand this and then he goes on to say uh... the move is a
gamble for goldberg this is the part i love he leaves the security
of the markets highest rated sports talk show for a slot in the dark
i didn't pay for the beer a three hour period that you an average of only sixty
eight hundred listeners twelve and older per quarter hour in the latest ratings
book sports talk to an average of twelve thousand four hundred per quarter
hour from six eight p.m. whoo boy
will be
big deal
i mean sports talk in this market is a limited thing okay this is just not a sports
town
just eight
and uh... hanks still going to be talking sports and personnel is going to bring
on some real heavy a hitters like Wayne Newton
and the people like that
i mean this is just dumb
dumb and of course the fact that he's taken over a slot that's been dying over
here means he's got to improve it and what is the big deal in addition to
which it's still like only i mean the guys on channel four he's on the dolphin
games he's over there uh... beber silverstein he's over the track making ten
twenty thousand every five races what the hell is this guy talking about
giving up the security
of the sports of the market's number one sports talk show for a shot in the
dark shoot this can
what you know about radio this guy knows about as much about radio is bill
margel
washer miss them don't you you know how we've been flooded with call since they
left
joy and bill
we've been flooded the switchboard is lighting up like a hana cabush and heat
we want to be back
and of course it's been russ oasis and all the people at the ad team just uh...
making those lines go nuts i wish they had some work to do over there
okay let's take a call from palm city
yeah what did you do give joy one of those maps
in fact he's in Saudi Arabia right now
that's a good place for them
uh... so anyway
anyway uh... i have uh... the unfortunate even this guy sounds like super
Dave now to the name
i think i think it's a disease i think this is worse than uh... kino show
unsuffylibus
i uh... had the misfortune of hearing mr. leaf gallery yesterday
oh my god talk about stick in the desert
the topic of talk about a pig report
man topic of conversation was one thief came
oh i wonder why those two are joined at the lip
but he said that uh... can use to work for him
and he's on a downslide slide of his career i guess came was ripping him the
other day
yeah well listen he can't get any contraversy going with us and i was going
to do with his buddy lee
all it like i said the word for the day airs out things are not what they
appear to be sir
have you ever seen steven lead together with millie finnelly
yeah i think there were the ones that the uh... they did the records that's
right
good job to by the way
have a great day
ten thirty three at w i would be we have an open line and broard five two four
and one in palm beach where we already had that's assimilating exciting
caller you just heard on their almost put us into a coma six five five nine
four six three
six five five w i
o d
now what do you people listen to sports talk for you listen for the content
or for the personality for the style don't come any better than the
r i just
or any fight at and hank go back
right in paper the beer
uh...
some friends in mind they say i've done a big flip-flop
said no new taxes if i made it to the top well
change the mind deficit grows every day
here's what we need everybody has to pay that's why we pay
all-year we pay
we got to pay just to make it today that's why we pay
all-year we pay
we got to pay just to make it today
satin who's saying things he can do whatever he wants
bust in his chops cost more than i thought
now read my hips isn't a phrase i should say
election day come ninety two that's when i'll pay
election day
come ninety two i'll never make it this way that's what they say
pray
i got a prayer
i'm out of here
and
that's only pray okay so i'm going to seven
and w
and
and
and
and
and
hollywood's greatest movies taken unexpected turn for the worst
all this week on
bummer theater
monday night it's marry poppin
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
last day here is
one
and
and
Of course not your little twerk. They're just you.
And Friday, usher in the holiday season with Miracle on 34th Street.
I'm Santa Claus.
Yeah, yeah. I am. I kill you.
It's your pop and I don't re-energize a bunny.
Now, how's the bout a little shock?
There'll be the light of Santa's nose.
Here we go.
You'll know you won't when you tune in this week too.
Rubber, hair, too.
W-I-O-D.
Andrew Dice Clay Fire Report.
Oh, what?
Andrew Dice Clay Fire Report.
W-I-O-D, what do you want?
Oh!
Yeah.
Anyway, there's a thing out there in West Alberta, Canada.
See the referees in the junior vacuoleague?
Yeah.
Have an enduro tape of Andrew Dice Clay saying,
Unbelievable.
Hey, roll it.
Don't be talking about my good friend, Neil Rogers, like that.
Oh!
When they rule against the Cess catcher on blazers?
Yeah.
They play a tape of Andrew Dice Clay and now the guy at the top says
they can no longer do it.
Oh!
So he's out.
Wow.
So what kind of a world is this anyway?
This is the Arctic Airman.
Oh, yeah.
How you doing? How's your ears?
My ears are just a little waxy build up.
I can't hear a sign in a garfunkle yesterday on the radio for the 400th time.
You know the thing of it is, I like Simon in a garfunkle, but after the first 2000 times Cesselia gets a little old.
Yeah.
I found together back in 68, just the two of them in one guitar.
They were just unbelievable.
They're great.
But I've never seen Art Garfunkle in the one of the hotels out in Omaha when you were doing the College of World Series.
And they were doing all this construction in the hotel and he was just bent out of shape in psychotic and carrying on and rightfully so, by the way.
I guess old friends, you know?
Yeah.
But how about that Millie Vanillian?
That's something.
Air Zots, pal.
The thing is, what you think it is, okay?
They got to give that Grammy back.
It's really Dave Gamer and Debbie Ellis did the music to that, but they couldn't get him in the studio for the...
No, they couldn't get him in the studio for the video so they had to get a couple of people smaller.
Unbelievable.
Yes, sir. That's what the Dice Man would say.
Oh!
The Neil, I-75, Anne's right at 136th Street.
Yeah.
It just ends there. You just get off and just go east.
Really?
Yeah.
I thought it was 138th.
Well, it ends there.
It's a grant New York reticulate.
It turns into 138th?
Huh?
Well, like magic.
You're on it and all of a sudden, it's like 163rd turns into 167th.
No, 136 turns into 139th Street and Highly is 133rd.
You know, you people over there in Highly and Miami Lakes, you're so screwed up, you don't know what's going on.
Yeah, it's the best thing.
They got a whole bunch of names for every street just in case they figure one of them might be right.
I got the map right here and you should be okay if you just go right to the end.
You got the map?
Yep.
Well, we got Randy Martin over here.
Let's make a deal.
Have a great day, pal.
All right. Talk to you later.
North Miami.
The other day I called and got chewed out by you because I asked you about your separation from your wife.
I didn't get chewed out.
I didn't get chewed out.
I didn't get chewed out.
I don't know how to tie the plug or what to what to do.
Okay.
Now I would like to put my two minutes worth in without interruption from you.
Okay?
I'll be the judge of that.
And since I got the...
Can't stand a heat gun, I'll be kidding.
I'm amazed by your career.
You were living in the fairs, plain in Miami.
Gambling, passing beer checks.
Never now, hold on.
Stop.
Never did that.
So you start off wrong.
It's good night.
I got to be right in the ocean.
Oh, man.
Oh, God.
Never gambled, never passed a bad check.
Never told a lie.
No wonder he's got that panochino.
Look at that.
Oh, man.
They got two cameras now, Adleri.
Just to keep track of that nose, it's growing so long.
Unbelievable.
You can't stand a heat gun out of the kitchen.
That's what I always said.
Wow.
You notice how he sends them on their way real fast?
I mean, like...
Bingo.
Can a day when New York, hello?
Silvestre Silone, strapping on a guitar instead of an automatic weapon.
It's the Rolling Stallones.
When I blow you up.
When I blow you up I just can't stop.
The Rolling Stallones.
I know.
I'm only Rocky Bible about a Laker.
That's true.
Or that gross millions.
The music that grossed out millions.
Here it comes.
Here comes my 19th Rocky movie.
Here comes my 19th Rocky movie.
Here it comes.
Oh, man.
Rocky Part 500 this weekend, right?
Which goes to show you the Dumbord is, the biggest mashing is just looking to reckon
such show it to this afternoon.
Hollywood.
Hello.
Oh, you're there.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
This is Adam from Miramar.
Boy, you're a little slow on the uptake today, Adam.
If you guys hadn't had a host by the hour I had to click over and call a friend and see what was happening.
Well, what was happening?
Nothing much.
Okay.
I had just a basket full of material today.
You had a basket full?
Yeah, I was listening to that very...
I'm not touching that line, Adam.
I was listening to the Larry last night and I heard that.
Probably Marvin was over there in Miramar sticking things...
Well, go ahead, I'm sorry.
And I heard the section on OpenFullers America that the caller played earlier.
Yeah.
And I almost fell off the roof.
That was the best.
It was.
We got to have that on tape.
I mean, when I read both his books and he just said...
Never did that.
Never did that.
He says in his books that he had gambling problems.
You know, that he was bankrupt and had to leave town.
And I ought to say that he didn't do it.
And then to do it that.
Oh.
Is he...
Can I make a complaint?
Yeah.
You know how late at night lifting to IOD...
You used to hear those promos of Berniery and yourself and Rick and Sud.
Yeah.
What happened?
What happened?
I don't hear them anymore.
I have no idea.
I'm not exactly listening to IOD at those hours of night.
You know what?
Well, I have a company.
I have a heart.
I'm sleeping, so I have to.
Do you?
Why is that?
I don't know.
I guess it worked too hard.
Speaking of which, you know I've got the new job at Service Merchant.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
It's okay.
I listened to you while I'm there and I'm off the day.
But yesterday I had you playing and this lady came up and she's about 80.
And who is that?
I've asked Neil Rogers, oh, why does he talk that way?
I wouldn't listen to him for a second.
Yeah, right.
And then my manager comes up and says, well, we're sorry about that, ma'am.
But this is the official radio station of Service Merchant.
You almost fell out of her chair.
Outstanding.
It was something else.
Stick her in Mount Sinai and give her some soup.
And don't give her a map.
Right.
But listen, so my donations coming in for coming with house.
Great.
I got your letter that you sent me in the mail and it was okay.
Yeah, why great, but it was okay.
Yeah.
While you were watching Notch Landing.
No, I was not watching.
Well, why are you...
Well, while I was thinking about how glad I was that I was missing it.
Okay, I was watching my first Jeff Stryker movie.
What?
Yeah.
Oh, man.
No wonder he couldn't sleep all night.
Hey, let me tell you, let me give you a name.
Francois Papillon.
Yeah.
He's got...
...on a scale of 10, 86.
And a half.
Mm-hmm.
Well, I have to measure that closely.
And, uh, well, that's something I think about, huh?
Okay, probably brings back some memories from the movie.
Yeah, let me ask the question.
Yes, Adam, ask anything you like.
Did you move here that you were talking about?
What was that?
The name of it?
Network?
Network.
You haven't seen...
I mean, you act like...
I'm 19, without 15 years ago, give me a break now.
Network?
Yeah.
Your life is meaningless until you've seen Network.
Well, oh, I read the day Palon's book.
This has got nothing to do with that.
Will you forget about Jeff Stryker for just a minute?
It's got nothing to do.
I'm telling you, you must see Network.
Okay, I'm going to go out there and rent today.
The entire world, all the truth of the world, is right there in that movie, okay?
See, can you show fine?
Is it like something I can watch around the family?
Like what?
Something I can watch with the family.
With the family?
Yeah, with the rest of my family.
I mean, it's not a porn-o movie, but it's got some...
It's got some language in it, but it's great.
Okay, they can do that.
Nothing they haven't said to you probably last couple of days.
Yeah.
Oh, and you know that that, uh, the couple got killed a few days ago?
You know, that's right up the street from where I live.
It's like I can throw a rock there from my house.
Well, that's very depressing, Adam.
Well, it is, but I just thought you'd want to know.
No, I don't want to know. It's depressing.
Well, it is.
But, um...
Adam.
Yes, sir.
Butchah.
Hey, can you give me another book?
Last time I talked to you, you gave me the day-pollon book and I wanted it.
And I read it.
So, give me another book to read.
Go out and get the movie Network first.
Okay, one thing at a time.
Go out this weekend.
One thing at a time.
Okay.
Have a good day.
See you.
Oh!
Oh!
W-I-O-D!
W-I-O-D!
What do you want?
Oh!
How you doing, there?
Well, what a greeting that was, Alex.
Well, is this, uh, this isn't all the mayor, do you see it?
Hey, I bought those made-belieze.
You got it all sorted?
Wow.
Well, we did a big day yesterday.
What is it?
How about they made-belieze?
Yeah, they're hot.
They're at Detroit tonight.
They're playing the Red Wing.
Wow.
Kind of a mediocre amount of mail today, I would say.
Although this can't be all of it.
Hey, no, you're too bad.
We're going to cut up that tape, finally.
Did I sent you?
Did I take it?
What tape?
What tape?
It's still in the cupboard.
Just relax.
Just the wall.
What are you going to do with it?
Sell it?
You and Rick Sanchez together.
Boy, wouldn't that be-can you just hear that?
Yeah, that'd be great.
Alex Jr. and Rick Sanchez singing...
Oh, God.
Oh, we can sing.
Oh, we can sing.
All right, doing the 10 o'clock news, you know?
You just sit on top of that table there.
And wait till the stars move out.
Oh, man, I can't handle it.
It's just too emotional for me.
I heard what's his name like the Old McDonald's.
Did you see network?
Yes.
Oh, boy.
Of course I saw network.
Who has it?
And...
Great movie.
What are the greatest along with the gun?
I'm sure I'm putting my window right now and screaming.
Yeah.
I'm at his hell and I'm not going to take it anymore.
Well, he said something else over the air, which I won't repeat.
Yeah, he said crap.
Right.
Or something like that.
Yeah.
He said life is bull crap.
Right.
With an S.
Right, bull...
Yeah, that's what he said.
That's what he said to Superman.
Life is bull crap with an S and he looked down on his chest.
He said, hey, you're right.
Hey.
Okay, Neil.
That's it.
I have no more material.
Captain Marvel was Canadian.
Woody has said Shazam, a...
Boy.
See ya.
1243.
All right.
Now I know I played that whole other cup, but as long as I found the CD today, I did not
found it, but I kind of like dug it out.
Can we hear like little bits and pieces of some of these other cuts?
Because we haven't heard the deal Frankie, the Dion stuff.
In a very, very long time.
In fact, so long.
He said, hey, I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I want you to step on it here.
I think a helicopter, all of a sudden.
You notice, kind of, backed off on it all.
Oh, I'm taking this home.
It's the plant lady.
Hey, here she is.
She's ready to win that 30 million in a lottery this weekend.
Let me ask you a question.
If you win the 30 million, will we ever see you again?
Really?
One last time.
How is she going to do something wicked on those plants that one last time?
And then she'll take off for never to be seen again.
Pop it out.
Oh, it's the clicking line.
I love it.
Like I said.
There is a single thing that I wouldn't do.
I'm trying to get...
Boy, I tell you one thing about John Hambrick at Channel 6.
He has excellent taste.
Not only does he sit next to Giselle Fernandez,
pipping shorts on the news every night, but he loved this album.
And actually, grace this with a call.
I wonder how many people remember that.
What we were playing this in Hambrick called in was blown away.
And went out with his own hard earned bucks.
He only makes what, two, three million a year,
and bought his own copy of it.
What a guy.
What did I say?
We're going to fans, my door, fans.
Well, that's been a long time.
We're choosing sides to keep the case.
We're really back to seeing those kids.
We're not so far away.
Okay, he's no Rick Sanchez, but he's okay in our book.
Cutler.
Let's take a call from Vegas.
Behind you.
You're in Vegas?
Yeah, and I'm on the other line calling back.
I'm on both lines now at once.
What did it call back? What?
I'm going to hang up on that one.
I was on hold here for a while.
I didn't know if you got to me.
Hey, we got to you right now, sir.
A great American in Vegas and a real living,
and breathing, and shaking, and quaking place.
He's doing it.
You got it, but it was great here.
Where were you standing?
I'm standing right now outside.
No, no, no, no, not where you're standing.
Where you're staying?
Oh, I'm staying at the Mirage.
At the Mirage?
Where you're standing?
I'm standing at the payphone outside the Hilton.
Wow.
So how's the Mirage?
How is the Mirage?
The Mirage is beautiful.
They had the volcano last night.
The, uh, the panel is just booming.
They had a gigantic eruption at the, uh, Mirage last night?
They what?
I say, uh, you're having a great time.
Yeah, all right.
I could only hope it was me, right?
But, uh, I'm not sure.
You're making any money, of course, not.
You're making a nice donation.
Actually, I did pretty good.
I won $60.
So, for me, that's a, that's millions ahead.
You won $60?
That's right.
I know somebody, uh, sitting right here
would like to have a little piece of that, sir.
Yeah, but, don't be 50 dollars.
I'm out here doing my show, and I've got a show on Sunday,
since there's no dolphin game.
I'd like to plug it.
Okay.
At the North Miami Beach Auditorium.
Don't be 50 dollars.
What is it?
Carousel.
What is it?
At the North Miami Beach Auditorium.
Three o'clock, Rogers and Hammerstein's carousel.
Okay.
That's what I'm out here doing, providing entertainment for this week,
at the big convention.
But I missed you.
Yeah.
Anybody in Vegas who misses anything about this place,
whether it's this show or, uh,
or the early bird special is really, uh,
you know, yielding the lily, sir.
But you know what's funny about it, since I've been on home for the last hour,
so it gave me a chance, and you really, you don't think about missing your show
while you're out here, because there's so much to do.
Yeah.
It's only when you're holding it on the phone.
But once you get back into the swing, and you walk back inside
and get out from that pay phone, and you realize that there are all these people
having a great time in the bells flashing, and lights going off,
and the belly dancers running around are all the naked people,
and, uh, it's just a different story.
Yeah.
Well, listen, have a great weekend.
All right.
All right.
And a great life.
All right.
Boy, why is he in Vegas, and I'm here?
Some of us might just be going to Vegas, by the way,
in a couple of weeks when vacation time comes,
like December 6th.
Not just might be, but some of us are heading for Vegas.
Boy, I'm going to take about 40, 50 grand, call a punk every night,
plunge our guts out on the year together.
It's the van to Tuahua!
Hi, Vege!
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
Cape of부gett Austin ll
Buglinsway.
Cape of부getlevel.
Cape ofbut'veje.
Cape ofbut'veje.
say at the here we hope our circulation is good
but it's a great
by the way uh... joe zagaki was in the reset that the can route regga's uh...
miss quoted them in the article is full of crap
tell can to tell joe to get a son and
and joe said that if hang does good is taken all credit for him but if he brings
way newton on the as nothing to do with it you know that right up front
joe's been looking a little peek at these days
yeah
i got a look he's got that rick sanchez complexion now
talk about rick sanchez i got a great mix you could dump these tapes together
make a song out of it
you know
uh...
you know
okay ready you played the end
done in the dot in song with rick sanchez and that need
a hunky song
yeah
a little bit of each one you know
gotta be like a you know gold record
okay there's rick on the phone for his gun offer you can't abuse
that's not rick that's joe looking for an interview okay
easy
yeah joe zagaki said the can route regga's miss quoted him and he's full of crap
and uh... whatever else
and he wants all the credit
except
it's a bunch
why everybody
it's for you your fudge man
who's the first one to try one of my
there's a big white truck on the side of the road
as he cracks the smile he says
you know
you know
and bring your
rock
back
is a big white truck
you can
way
a
bunch back
baby
I'm sorry
I couldn't
what do you want?
wait let me get the bed over here a second
oh sure we have that
just come on around back
how the heaven is third year
baby
bunch back
on sale
no money here
heaven for nothing honey
one fifteen
and our total we got just under a grain of the mail today twenty six thousand six
forty for Camilla sounds candle
yes sir
is it a meal?
I think so
I was so surprised to have you come on so soon
why is that?
why do we put you on a order?
no no no it's less than quite a scope
by Sergeant Pepper
back in the sixties
Neil
I worked and I slave
too much Sergeant Pepper here I think
and I go ahead
two times I've
slave my transcribing
a tape on a cassette
by whatever the woman that went out to the pool
last week
she called I'm going out to the pool
she told you about her husband who worked and
slave
but many many hours
vaguely yeah
to put a tape on a cassette
that was just out of the genre of that
flat shlatch line contest she had
there's like BBC
it's like the BBC kind of sound old radio
crackly
yeah
it's the same exact genre
and was then by Karl Reiner back in the sixties
it's called Lieutenant
Rudder
yeah
about this flying ace
he's come back from the war
and he's
and they're interviewing him
and I thought you'd probably just love it
it just fits in with your show
well where is it
I say mail it to you
didn't get it yet
well no I'm
mail that you had probably about three weeks ago
what is it like it?
three weeks ago
yeah two three weeks ago
no no way
Jose never got to me
really
I'm dumb heart problem
didn't have like a real crackly sound
yeah
real
oh no that's the FTL card I'm sorry
it was Professor Bordello
and it was a Lieutenant Ronald J. Roto
never saw it
well I'm going to have to re-dub it
you're going to have to do it again
I'm just on Dine over here in New York
sounds like I'm upset
okay get busy pal
I'm going to do it
okay promises
117 at WIOD we have an open line in date 751
we got a mobile on the star line from P-Rine
go go
okay
how you doing?
wow this is a shocker
you know what I've been to like Maui
to Waikiki
and to Kiwis as I talk to you live
I believe it
and uh...
have you really?
what?
you're kidding me of course
I'm kidding I'm serious
what about guys called you from what an excuse me
I'm sorry
um...
what about guys called you from Maui don't you remember?
the Fel Dean Man from Maui?
yes
not really did we have a call from Maui?
yes he called
I had a listen I'm telling you two o'clock
it's all I just erased it
I have a bigger racer and I they call me a racer head
I kept trying to call but that time change over there was
what is his five hours?
five hours different
how was it?
it was gorgeous
there was a hi-hat it was nice
with three thousand drug reps
could you imagine such a thing?
the hi-hat on Maui?
the hi-hat on Maui?
oh man incredible
it was nice
we had Dick Clark there
we had uh...
Dick was there?
Dick Clark
uh...
and who else put with our entertainment?
um... Smokey Robinson
and in the next week the pointer sisters came
we had two weeks of meeting
just like here all the big name entertainment
we got Eric Lambert
uncle Moisha and the midst of painters
I'm calling because I'm putting out a little
I'm gonna give a hundred dollars to Camille a pound
great
and I am calling because there are about
there must be... I mean I run into
the decline of all drug reps all day
so there's at least about
two hundred of us in the day
in the Broward County area
who at least matched that contribution
if not more because there's plenty of people
that make more money than me
of course I only felt felting
by the way speaking of that
I was at Pompano Park last night
and nobody brought me over any checks
from any of the other horsemen
Kelly Shepherd who's got a perfect season
going over forty four
was able to come up with a fifty dollar check
how about all these other horsemen
that I begged and pleaded with
to bring their checks over to Alan Finkelson
not one check
not one dime
for Camille's house okay
come on Mr. Paivia
and Mr. McNichol
and Mr. Faye and Mr. All-You-Wether Hot Shooters
up there Mr. Wallace and Mr. Harmon
let's get with it
get with the program
yeah
really
and Mr. Rick Shout
so tell me what's the deal tomorrow
where are you going to be
and Raymond Scholar
and Donald Brainer Jr
are you making these names up
well kind of we're going to be at Flanagan's
and Miami Lakes tomorrow
oh that's right
we have 700 different directions
and how you get there
and I'm Gratney Road
right it is Gratney you know
well I you say Gratney and I say Gratney
and I say Gratney and I'm sorry
I just can't I can't say Gratney
I can not I don't care what it is
it's born and highly highly highly
I can not say onion soup Gratney
that's very good
with Parmesan cheese
oh yes that's the UKing
what it said
yeah
so
so you're going to be there
I'm going to come bring you to check in
great
it's a little Hanukkah gifts
we need 2300,000
you are driving like unbelievable
I've never seen such a good
get out of the way you jackass
and thank you
I appreciate that
wow
that's a little Hanukkah gifts for you
great we need 2360 dollars tomorrow
We got the t-shirts and the tapes and that'll get us to 30 that's not right is it no we need 3300
I'm sorry my arithmetic is wrong 3360. Oh that makes it a little more difficult. Yeah, I thought that sounded too easy
3360 no problem
That's people in high-lear the best
Well, I hope we get more than just the people in high-leg as most of them are listening to La Coobe and Issa right now
They don't know anything about this
So we will definitely see what time is this tomorrow?
3 to 6. I know you probably said it about a hundred times
3 to 6. Let me say it again. It's 3 to 6 tomorrow. We'll be there with bells on. It's like the felby
This is getting to me
Okay, well, we'll see you for sure tomorrow. Okay. See you
Hollywood yeah, I know how you doing great
All right, this is a guy from that talking about popping a part this guy from Valley
Which one?
Finglesons friend
Finkelson's friend. Yeah, you're his only one. Yeah, you're only friend. How you doing? All right? How you bet great?
See not doing too good over there. I am just getting wiped out. I didn't even stay very long last night
I just I couldn't handle it. I just just just not happening
Yeah, you coming up tonight?
Sunday Sunday. Yeah, I am working Sunday. So you're not parking right no more you're parking out
Hey, after those guys did all those 800 donuts with my brand new vet. I figured I better get another parking
We ain't doing our dog. I know it's just a joke, but Alan insisted. I said hey, I'm cheap. I'll take it
Hey, listen with all the money that I leave in that place to least they can do is let me park for free
You know what they're building a whole new near-roger's memorial wing on that track
That's right come to that right and Ted wing to drive in there. We'll donate tomorrow
That's right. I'll burn it at least 20. What a guy great. I'm a good guy. That's what I always said
He hangs around with Mike Finkelson must have a lot of sympathy in his heart
Yeah, that's for sure so is Mike cash this year or what because times running out some middle of November already
I think he had a show back for two ten
Yeah, he's got me Maggie for a 20 bucks to show tonight. He ought to really go nuts
So what else what else is going on?
It's about it. Yeah, man. That's a size of it
All right, as I say in the backstreet. That's about the size of it
All right, so how about that Joe Pavia and Mickey McNichol, huh? Yeah, Mickey Rose jumping on their source
They got all those X's on the program man looks like the combat zone
Unbelievable that Pavia boy. He's up in the air everywhere
How about Kelly Shepherd? He has a few ways. Hey, well, he's got one for any what? Oh for 44 the man
I mean even even Don Larson was only perfect for one game
But Kelly Shepherd is perfect for the meeting so far a perfect and I looked at that one horsey at last night in the 11th race
And I immediately said to myself the streak is safe
And I look I looked at the chart in the paper this morning and trust me
He was never within a screaming distance
Well, don't worry bad. I'll come up with a good 40 $50 award. Yeah, just like last year. Okay
Just like last all right. Hey, let me just say something to Jane G. Ardell. Yeah, hey John listen learn how to fix cars
Your dish bag. Okay, I'll see you up there. Bye. Thank you
Suds is in the building. He's a glad it's Friday. He's just thankful
Did you come on 75? Are the stories true at 65 again?
Well, what the hell does that mean? He's gonna be like well, uh
Hey probably came on the sawgrass. He don't know one road from another and probably came on federal highway
Well, they're off
They're what
They're kind of kind of gone like there's one there's one that says 45 and then about 100 yards after that
It says that guy said so there's still a couple of them up, but I but who cares
Hey, you can always say hey, I didn't see that one. I see this one right here
And a pig will say hey, see this
Tonight on the national geographic special
After 14 months in sea
Shakustu observes subtle changes in his cruise behavior as we enter the surrogate saucy
I know this dad philippe as remove his wet suit and slipped into a poor vacative syoktedi with matching french carpendes
I am a guest
But the entire crew of the clip saw has suddenly changed into picabou lingerie and push up pressures
Don't miss the season premiere of the underwear world of janko still the sea is a strange
Missed us and so is my first mate j'enclose
Tonight on PBS 20 till two at w i.o. To starline on the mobile of thing
Hey Neil what's going on? We're just about the wrapping it up here sir time to wrap up the old kid bag
hanging out huh? Yeah, um
The ticket out the 50 hardline tickets from monday night's game uh-huh
$1,500 if i can have chucked out all the uh play by play on my left
And Maria j'en arrow on my right to cover me for right
How about a fric sanchez sings to you and Dave games sit to your lap
paise
Oh i'll tell you that's a heavy duty
Maybe we could raise some money we can have rick sanchez come to your house and sing that to you and person for a couple on
Haven't heard this yet
Just briefly fair with me just can't i gotta hear it
I
Be on you're the greatest make no mistake about that a real degenerate on the phone now a man who hasn't cashed a ticket in
400 years
Michael j'enclose and ladies and gentlemen
I'm calling him between games and high right in the man. Yeah, I'm sure you are yeah
I never did fall off the golf cart everybody's the same i did
Last week it's old news mike we already cleared that up i get old news you got to get with it your pal just called from
Valley parking which i'm sure you know right i just heard him
Said he was gonna give me another 70 to one shot this year just like that stiff that he gave me last year
He's right about to meet naggy race the naggy Simpson race yeah two ten right off there and plunge all your money to show right
And make sure joe pavia drives him too. He can be up in a year just before the start
Right a lot of action like take that toe on bull even wake martin day
I'll never saw as many x's as i know is pavia mcnickelines man
Unbelievable you ever noticed when micky pulls a horse out of a hole to go
He always like jerks him out of the doesn't do it with skill and style like a bill if he doesn't slide
I'd like makes a quick jerk and all of a sudden boom up in the air everywhere
Send him back send him back to the metal lands give him a map big money up there. Yeah
Mike yep good luck to you all right i'll see you tonight you'll see me tonight
You're going tonight? Sunday night Mike all right be there with bells on them bringing 20,000
I'm betting it all on Jeff Gregory in the second race okay see you all right take care
Who is this guy do you know is there something going on that we should know about
Who's the guy out there with the camera
Is that the guy who's got the tape of the thing from the other day let's find out what's going on out there
It seems pretty interesting read that guy in here. I'd like to get to know him better now. What is it?
What?
26,640 who is it?
They're videotaping your show
Pubic access channel 51 are you cereal? Oh
Man these guys are hot now you can't stop them now. They're going to be on pubic access
You can't even kill people
Eat your hearts out Debbie and Alice Alice and Alice Alice whatever your names are
Wow
Maybe I'll stick around a little bit get to be famous famous
Man so Johnny's in here look at that with a new shirt
And new clothing and no pubic anymore just about how much now
21 pounds
Wow
Oh
All right, we're controlling yourself. I know he looks better, but
Things always look greener on the other side especially Johnny has been hanging out by that refrigerator downstairs my amy
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you know that car you got loaded up there with
Yeah, come any better than head Goldberg. Yeah, that was me on the air with Larry King like a year and a half ago
When I was up in games I couldn't believe you're still playing that are you cereal? Yeah, you got me on there
Amazing all these people we've made like stupid stars out of all these guys
Have you got the rest of you got my voice on there? No, that's the only thing we got is they don't come any better than
An ankle bird that said it did me out
Ask him about Hank well
The headcut is grading whiny voice and we didn't think it would be appropriate
I'd like to when you're here now. Yeah. Hey, have you seen a Jeff Stryker one with a pump?
I beg your pardon the guy's staring to tape right now and you're asking me all these filthy Jeff Stryker things now
I don't watch those disgusting things unless I'm alone or with somebody
Love are you reversed? See that's why we had to dump him off the tape too. That's what he said with Larry King. What is that do you hear that sound?
What is that that vibrating sound did she come over from next door when she heard Rick Sanchez singing?
Wow, I knew that she was in a building man. I thought that was the first earthquake again
Hey, I never been on pubic access before I've been on a lot of TV stations
But I never been on pubic access. What's wrong? I'm not good enough of my chopped liver you folks. Huh?
All stuff something in your pants
Especially that guy out there with the camera ring him in here fast
Okay, it's just a joke. We're like but he ran like a bad out of health
Okay, great. We got him a we got a for some hemorrhag pines
Is that the ticking line? Oh crank it up turn up real on for a second
There we okay now and now everybody said for the weekend now
