Matter of fact, I'm going to be as guest of the last two hours on Monday.
There's a plug.
On Steve?
Yeah.
Four to six.
Are you serial?
Yeah.
You want to make it more like I just can't get out of it.
Well, maybe they can simul cast it and interject if you comment or something.
Well, I just want to make it clear right at the outset that Tom and I have been doing these
shows for about 10, 11 years now.
I can reach as low as I can.
And we've had our moments, especially when your wife got psychotic.
Yeah, just read with something you wrote and she had the near-rangers booted on and
were sticking pins with it.
I always think these are about that.
But basically, Tom and I get along great and we'll continue to do so.
And we have some very strong disagreements about a lot of things.
For example, I still am waiting for my dick cat for article to come out.
But I'm not going to give you a few.
I'm not going to get into with feud with you because you and Rick Riley hate each other
like poison.
I am fascinated.
I don't understand what that's all about though.
Well, you were a witness to it.
I mean, the guy could come charge and in the other way.
But you hated him before that.
No, I didn't.
No, I really just liked.
No, I mean, I was kind of indifferent towards him.
He has a very abyssal.
Happy birthday, Avent.
Yeah.
So that's birthday.
By the way, is Jeff bringing food for Tom from Pizza Lawn?
Yeah, what are you going to say?
You're going to start with Phoebe's stuff, a cold.
I'd eat those stuff.
Yeah.
Tell him bring tons of food because Tom looks like he's starving over here.
You know what I say?
And then he came in here and acted like a total jerk.
And I made him up for you.
He was just all upset that I didn't write a column the last time he got fired at the
waxy.
And I made him a promise that when he gets fired here, I'll write a column.
And I doubt that there'll be one before that.
All right, we'll come back to that obviously and spend them more than two, three hours on
it.
But speaking of waxy.
Oh, I think at least cold and all.
I mean, at least you know, yeah, say something.
That was the most embarrassing and I kept waiting to hear you.
And I heard you're like, I mean, I just got mad at by the moment.
And you know, I want to say in the fence of your del.
I mean, he was as annoyed as I was when I walked in in the morning.
You know, I had to get up like quarter to five in the morning to get up there.
They had been promoting it all week.
And I walk in.
He shows me this memo that he's got from that program.
Well, that's so cool program director they have.
We will not discuss other stations.
We will not discuss other personalities.
We will not.
Well, what was there left to discuss the weather?
Whether we're dark or.
Yeah.
And then they would do it.
And Greg had hoped that morning that he would be able to do a show.
You know, so similar, the format wise, like to this, that they ditch some of the music
anyway.
And we talk and we talk like we do about the market and about what was going on about,
you know, what's his name and suds in the afternoon.
Well, why were you there in the first place though?
That's what I'm trying to understand.
Because there was so much music going on, especially after rate 30, which is when I was
legit.
No, it's not.
I'm not denying 30.
I don't think you said anything.
No.
And well, Greg had been asking me for a long time.
Could you come up and I kept putting them off and putting them off.
And mainly for no other reason, I had to get up at quarter to five to get up there and
made for a real long day.
So finally, he called one up again and he said, listen, going in, I promise I can make
it.
So I said, okay.
And we made a date.
And you know, like I said, they promoted it all week like I was going to have a role
in the program and really have nothing to do.
They played 20 minute music breaks, they had two minutes in between.
And all they had was that people calling up one to know what the magic money phrase
or whatever it is that gimmick they do.
That was the only cause we got.
And there was other calls that got well set up, right?
Which ones were that?
Oh, there were a few calls I heard like from, oh, I don't know, different characters.
There was one.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
It was all set.
It was what's his name.
It was all phony.
And Eric Lambert called him, which I didn't hear thank God, but it was all set up stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah, there was nothing like what I thought it would be.
And again, it wasn't Greg's fault.
He thought I'd be able to for that one one and they'd make an exception, but this guy
runs that.
He's a, I talked to him after the program, not about that about other things.
And I, ooh, so what's going on over there?
What is the change?
Does anybody know?
They had a big meeting.
All the rumors were they're going to make a big change in the music.
They were a mute.
I mean, I'll tell you what, the one thing the program director did, he called me that
afternoon, even though I hadn't heard the rumors because I was in the office.
He says, I guess you've heard the rumors.
I says, no, I haven't.
He says, well, they're not true.
I says, well, what's not true?
And he says, when I change anything, the format's staying exactly the same.
Wow.
But I'll tell you what, what's his name left a lot of fans over there because of this
so-called feud that we have.
Rick Rally.
Yeah.
Suds Pardon.
All morning long, people were coming in.
Volunteering stories about what a rectum or a façie is.
I mean, just personally, after person, secretaries, cleaning people, I mean, everybody
over there.
So in other words, if they'll catch you, you hate him like Poison.
Everybody at Waxley hates him like you do too.
No, I don't hate him like Poison.
Close.
Yeah, like bad tasting medicine.
OK.
Do we have a book by the way?
Can we get the summer book?
Shall we get the book in?
And have you seen it?
The whole book?
I only see it.
They sent me the 12 plus.
No, that's always the whole book in here.
When you come here, we do it right.
We give you pumpkin.
We bring in pizza law.
Where do these come from?
The pumpkin.
You were at the breeder's cup.
Yeah.
All right, cried like I was thinking of you being there when I watched that.
I have never in all the years ever go to the track for 30 years.
And I've never seen so much so bad happen in such a short time.
Not only you had three horses destroyed,
and with a broken collarbone.
And then the finish of the first race all screwed up.
Because you had to go to the other job and just shout out.
Oh, yeah.
And it just seemed like the whole day it was like a cloud hanging over it.
And then they had only 50,000 people.
Because the weather was garbage a day before.
What a disaster.
Oh, it was just a, you know, if we don't get the breeder's cup back
after the last side of the day, it just was so totally unplayed.
When I left for the track in the morning, I left early because
I anticipated cry, which turned out not to be that great.
Anyway, it was 36 degrees.
That's no way that a cloud would have a good time.
I suppose they had seats there for 18,000 people.
And the worst thing that you could do, you could not sit in those seats all day long.
You think I sound, if you were to die from pneumonia before the afternoon was over.
Because the way Gulf Stream is built so that the sun is not in people's faces all day,
the sun sinks over the grandstand by noontime.
So you were an absolute shade with this wind warping by the wind shield
fact it had to be in the 20s.
Nobody with it had, you know, besides what happened on the racetrack,
it was impossible to have a good time.
You mean, you said Gulf Stream was a Freudian.
No, yeah. Well, like, and you know, one of the things that's kind of amusing is
Gulf Stream had all those problems last year with the racetrack.
And who did they bring down?
They brought down Joe King, who does the strip at Bellmont.
And, you know, after what happened Saturday, you're, wow,
but he's the guy who's redesigning the rebuilding of Gulf Stream.
Oh, you were there, so you didn't see the TV thing on NBC,
but they kept like they were talking to a Greg MacKeran
who was out on the outwriter.
And he kept saying, well, you know, there's got to be something wrong.
And of course, the Dewey and Lucas went nuts,
took us the day before they had had horses that had that broke down.
Oh, two of them went dry.
I had one of them.
Yeah, why not try?
I had. And then Lucas lost earlier in the week.
A failure was a full sister at a house, but what is she worth?
And she broke down and he had this track of real deep.
I mean, you know, it's hard to tell on television, but it was awful.
Well, it was real sandy.
What, what had happened was on Monday, I didn't go up until Wednesday,
but on Monday, they had had seven inches of rain overnight.
And so they didn't really put much water into the track.
And so it just got real deep and sandy.
And it was just speaking of sand anyway.
Yeah.
So it just wasn't good.
In defense of the track, you know, two of the horses who died,
Mr. Nickerson took a heart attack.
He can't blame that on the track and and shake a knit,
tripped over Mr. Nickerson.
So you can't blame that on the track.
But there were two that went down on Friday and the Lucas Philly.
And really what happened was go from one just over extended a self.
And the crime is that like Ruffian.
Yeah, exactly.
She racing against the cold.
And the crime was that that probably would have been remembered
as the greatest race since the firm that Allie, I had by a coer
and I didn't want to win.
I mean, when I had, I cry, I'm not ashamed to say that.
There wasn't a dry eye.
I mean, a lot of people left they said that.
Yeah, it just just put a poll on the day.
And you know, it made it worse.
I was outside for the race and I had binoculars on it.
Oh, and you know, went to one thing NBC.
I remember the one of the facts you were right.
It was over the space shuttle.
CBS Space Shuttle Company, right?
And NBC, they were right up there with CBS.
They showed it over and over and over.
And then it kept sticking to microphone in the faces of like all
the all the connections of Go for one.
The groom and the trainer and the owners.
And I mean, she's obviously these people
are going to be in shock and crying and hysterical.
I mean, that is a pride.
Oh, you watch news any night.
You're going to find, you know, all the way to the right.
You know, they have these streaks and football
like an end is caught a pass in 82 straight games.
I mean, you could do the same thing.
How many straight nights do you have somebody crying
at some point in the news?
I mean, it's, you know, it's very dramatic photograph.
But what happened was when she went down,
I knew I had to race one with Biocolor.
I had no other perfective involved.
I only used, so instead of watching Biocolor,
I kept it on her and I started to get up and try and run
with the leg flapping.
And I just dropped my glasses down and the tears
just all the horrible things.
And I turned around and I walked right into the stands
and sat down and put my head in my hands.
I cried.
And like I say, I was one of 50,000 people crying.
Yeah, it was terrible.
While there will be a lot of people crying
when they see the numbers in this book,
but you look at it while we do a little break.
Tom Jikers here, the radio TV writer
for the Fort Lauderdale News and Sunsemble,
Rick Riley's close personal friend.
It's 21 after 10 at WIOD.
You want to tell you about the Amadillo Cafe.
Now what did I do with that little thing that I had?
I heard him say it the other day.
Howard?
Yeah.
He's going to be on an LA.
Yeah, now he's on in Washington, Philadelphia, New York
and he's going to be on an LA.
I guess they're going to try and syndicate the show national.
Watch out, Reneerie.
Anyway, it's 1026, Tom Jikers with this now.
I'm going to where to start.
I really don't.
We did the Videl thing.
I don't want to spend four hours ripping Rick Riley,
but you do obviously.
Now you're looking into book.
Yeah, did you look at any of the numbers for the afternoon?
Did you see it?
Oh, and you guys really had big numbers.
Oh, they did.
I get about personal.
What about you?
Well, wait a minute.
That's what bothers a lot of people is that they feel.
I think this is what bothers him.
He can handle people hating him because a lot of people already do.
But when you give the impression that you allow your personal feeling
is to cloud your judgment.
In other words, you hate somebody.
They get a big book and you don't want to give him credit.
Now when you say anybody who follows Neil gets numbers,
why ain't nobody gets a number?
But the number can be like a one and then it certainly didn't get a number.
In fact, he brought the whole station down.
The station was dying.
Yeah, dying.
Well, now, Alex Benning.
But he shot himself and the foot.
He was on here and now I think every day he was leaving.
I understand that, but that was still a byproduct of whatever his act was.
And what he did and the station was dying.
These guys came along and it took a while.
It took it like anything does, but they'd like I kept saying leave somebody's,
you know, leave it alone for a few months and give it a chance.
Yeah.
And the audience likes him.
They love him.
And they're doing, you know, whether you like him or not, they're doing well.
First of all, and I'm not just saying because I work here,
because I'd be the first one to tell you that Alex was an abortion
and that some of the people have been on at night.
I don't want to mention a particular name, but I'm not too crazy about it.
But they're doing it.
Yeah.
First of all, two things.
One, that they got, you know, that they totally overlooked.
And I can't believe that it wasn't intentional.
Is I write an opinionated column if they don't know that.
Then he's an imbecile.
I mean, I am, I report, but I have a sig.
I write, I am the TV radio columnist.
My column, anyone who reads my column, knows opinionated every day.
That's first of all.
Second of all, he intentionally missed the point of that piece,
purposefully missed it.
And in that piece, I said they had an impressive book.
I did, right?
And black and white.
He can bring it in here and read it.
I said they had an impressive book.
What I was saying was, and the whole purpose of the, it was a small,
actually, wasn't even a column, was part of a column.
What I said was that they shot themselves in the foot.
He had not carrying the baseball.
That you want to be the sports station in town.
Well, that was a separate thing.
I said that first.
That was the first one to set up.
And everybody had an air.
And he said it on the air.
And bear is right.
And that was the point of the column.
But you got to remember that that's an nature of the business.
And again, I'm not covering up because if it was grow testically embarrassing,
but like I mentioned, QAM carried a meds all season long.
They were still in a write down at last weekend.
It was touch and go.
And then all of a sudden, the last couple of weekends,
they don't carry day games on a Saturday and Sunday
because they had one day they had FSU football or some other thing.
And that game, by the way, was on sports channel in New York.
So 99% of the people here couldn't see it.
Yeah, I'm out there.
Yeah, but at least they did it.
They had a commitment to Florida football.
I would rather see the meds, but you know,
you could make the argument more people.
But it was sports for sports.
What this was, this was the playoffs.
And they had you had the right.
If you don't carry the play, how can you call yourself the sports station
in black people out of the play?
So that was the point of the column.
Now I call Gary up and the reason that,
yeah, I got to hair up my behind because he's thought,
you know, generally we have a very cordial conversation,
but he got nasty as soon as I call up on the phone.
Not really.
Yeah, he did.
So and so then he says to me, he starts this crappy,
well, Rick and size audience wanted them on.
And I said, well, when was that poll taken?
And he says, wow, it was the rating.
So all I was saying was the point of that was that the reason
some stations don't want to pull somebody off the air for a couple of days,
is you're afraid, you know, so their audience will drift away.
My point was, as long as these guys are playing behind you,
they're not going to drift away.
You're going to deliver an audience.
They could be gone from month and the audience is going to find them again
because they're going to come in behind you.
I would tell you this, if Alex Bennett was still in the station,
God forbid, I'd still have a four, maybe a three by now.
I believe that.
I don't.
I think that book was an aberrate.
Now, to some extent, I mean, granted there was a lot of bad ethics
sampling and Brad was under sample.
We've been through that a million times,
but I'm telling you, we were going through tough times.
We talked about it on here every day.
Things are not good here.
Everybody was fighting with each other.
You can't survive that way.
I mean, if it's done and fun, that's one thing.
But it wasn't fun.
It was painful.
We excruciated.
Oh, yeah.
And like I said, the constant hopping,
I'm not going to be here tomorrow.
And like you do things in jest.
I mean, he sounded every day.
He said it.
I thought he meant it.
I really did.
He sounded like he meant it.
There was no humor in it.
There was, you know, so.
But, anyway, to get back to these guys,
so what did they, they had a big book, right?
Yeah, but they just coincidentally,
they had a big book behind your biggest book.
Now, let's see if your number slipped a little bit.
I guarantee you there, number slips.
So, in other words, you don't want to give them any credit.
I give them credit.
I'll tell you what.
Let me ask you this.
I'll translate what Rick Riley said.
Now, give him credit for that.
Congratulations, Rick.
You're a giant.
You scared away fewer of Neil's audience than Alex did.
All right?
That's what he's talking about.
Roodle.
That's what he did.
Roodle.
Alex Bennett ran away.
Hand of your audience.
They only ran away.
30 or 30.
You're going to mownue the man is still brutal.
It's incredible.
I, like I said, the other day when I put those two guys
behind Debbie Ellis and they're a hash mark.
Well, let put anybody behind Debbie Ellis
and that you can't even see him.
Okay?
You could put all these pumpkins behind Debbie.
Nobody would see him.
So, in other words, as far as the show is concerned,
forget about the personalities.
You think they have a bad show?
No.
I don't.
It's a show that's one old on me.
Maybe I'm too old for them.
I think, you know, I think they're talking to audience.
Well, there's no question.
I'm just going to have to leave more people.
18 to 34, I think is more than that.
More than that.
The bottom end of that.
And like I said, I mean, you know,
a squirt might come down.
Back in the middle of the 30s.
I think that little back can go a long way.
But then again, Friday, now you weren't here.
I heard it was one of the greatest radio shows
in the history of broadcasting.
And that's it.
Well, I was involved in it, but because it was significant.
Well, the blinds are.
Squirrel finds an acorn every now and then.
I mean, he's the one who's right here and ripped me
for four hours and he ripped me over looking
the purpose of the column, distorting what I actually do,
and allowing these jerks that called up, you know,
to make all sorts of vile threats for four hours.
Threats?
You know, you know, somebody ought to take care of that time,
jicker and things like that.
And you know, he's the one who did it for four hours.
Not me.
And he's the one who came in here like a moron
the last time I was on here.
I'm under the day.
I tell you what, nobody's got that.
Nobody's got that.
The last three times I've been here, I've been attacked
by them.
Well, that's why I said that.
It just gets to be.
See, when he first came in, I didn't realize
that was going to happen.
Nobody could have known that.
I thought it was going to be a little fun.
It wasn't fun.
I'd be glad to sit in a microphone and debate with him,
you know, and, you know, person to person intelligent with.
But I mean, the way he came in, you know,
roaring and calling, you know, name calling and things like that.
And he's the one who did it for four hours.
I didn't start this.
He's a hothead, don't you understand?
Exactly.
He's a hothead.
He's temperamentally hysterical.
He's a maniac, but they're kicking ass.
So he doing very well.
And I said that in the column.
I said they had an impressive book.
It's in the column.
Let him come in and read the column
and show me where that's not.
He can't do it.
It's in the column.
You feel better.
But he never met.
Yeah.
He came in here with sick as a dog.
Even his hair is back in place now.
He's like the old time jitter.
After another hour of this, he'll be feeling great.
I'm getting as hysterical as him.
Yeah, that's good.
We like that.
1033.
We got keen to talk about.
We got WS news.
God, I can't believe it.
I think that, and I ripped you good this last few days.
I heard that the guy goes up there to the breeder's couple
of jacket I understand, because I love racing.
I tripped for long.
I understand that.
But just bad timing and all of a sudden all hell breaks loose.
I mean, we got WS news.
We got Steve going back to FTL coming back on the air.
We got the funeral on Friday.
If I had Anita the size of Riley, I think that they did it
for that reason, because they knew I was out of town.
But I don't have any angle that nobody has any.
He goes that's probably not even came.
Now you're really.
No, not well.
Now you're losing a lot more pleasant to deal with.
I guess Egos that it's well, this is going to see now.
I'm going to say this again, because I don't like getting sucked
into things where I take a position because somebody else
wants me to do that.
I just refuse to do that.
No, I'm not talking about you.
Keenan, I have had, as you know, times when we hate,
well, I can't speak for him.
There were times I hated the man like poison.
I mean like poison.
I know.
I don't, I don't, not only don't I dislike him.
Now he showed up at the thing on Friday.
Yeah.
When we got over there and we were in a big empty lot, I like Steve.
I know he's got people and I see a lot of people in the audience
and say, oh, geez, we can't believe we're saying.
I do not, I mean, not like a close personal friend.
I don't look upon him that way.
He's not really a bad guy.
He's got his things like all of us doing a business
where all of us screwy.
And he's his own worst enemy.
There's no question about that.
But I don't dislike him.
Yeah.
And that bothers some people.
And I'm not going to say, well, I hate him.
I hate you just to make anybody else happy, because I don't.
Well, and I don't wish anybody in the, for all the kidding
around I do, I want to make it clear.
I don't wish anybody on the talent end in this business
bad luck, whether it's Al.
Now, I like Al.
I mean, I give it to him all the time, but that's the business.
That's what I do.
Sandy, I don't even know her.
OK, Debbie, I've never met her in my life.
What do I know?
I wish all those people good luck.
I would like to see if I'm fine work.
I don't dislike it.
I had a little bit of a few drawn with Debbie.
I don't even remember how that got started.
But I mean, personally, I have had your blimp ever
goes down.
There's always something like that.
I mean, I hope she finds work.
I just hope it's somewhere far away from here.
Exactly.
1035 at WIOD with Tom Jicke.
And we'll be right back.
Yes, that's the day.
WIOD.
22 to 11 at WIOD.
Now, let's talk about WS News.
Like I said, you missed a great day on Friday.
People still work on getting laid over.
They're going on.
Great radio shows of all time.
And I went through that long list.
But the sad part of it is, like I said yesterday,
here's a guy, Dennis Collins, the general mangler over there,
who's been Jefferson Pyle who came into this market.
They bought WGBS, which was a dying giant at the time.
I used to be a big MOR.
And of course, MOR died years ago.
And it was dying.
And they bought it and they made it all talk.
And at that time, it was amazing.
We had four stations in this market doing so-called
topical talk.
We had INZ, this station, WGBS, and WNWS, which at that time
was owned by Neil Rockoff, which is also after I got out.
Thank God.
Did you have, remember, Lee knew Luke Rona,
and I hope you didn't leave his name now?
How could we leave his name?
I even told a story about Jerry Williams trying to turn
the desk over on top of him.
And also the birdsy of the show.
Oh, you were not.
I've ever been forcibly thrown out of a station.
Yeah.
And you're in the hallway hiding.
And he's in there screaming at me during a break.
Cut the crap.
It wasn't crap, but that's the closest I can say.
We're going to lose the license.
Cut that.
And I'm sitting there with a jar of birdsy,
which he thought was marijuana seeds and the Cursette
look-crunk.
But anyway, they ruined GBS.
They brought in all these losers.
They brought in the David Gold.
And well, that was foul as doing.
No, but I'm saying foul was in charge of it.
Dennis Collins was the GM and they put it on the ear.
And they got ones.
They never, they never in that station at that time had the big,
and it still does, seven, 10, which is not radio my big.
The biggest, strongest daytime AM signal of any station
in the market, you can hear them in tapin' the daytime.
And they had a one.
It's criminal.
When you think about, they did not make one good hire over there
and all the time they had the stations.
They think about, they inherited Al.
Al came along with the license in the building and everything else.
And Wichner.
You know, they brought, yeah, well, yeah.
All right, yeah.
And then they brought in a succession of people,
like you say, David Gold and the guy who went up to Buffalo
with Mike Antony.
He was the program.
He was like the producer, but he did a show too.
The kid who got arrested in prostitution thing
up in Palm Beach.
Oh, Doug Young.
Doug Young, yeah.
And him and...
They just, one person after another,
they got rid of somebody and they brought in somebody
even worse.
They didn't make...
You would think just the lower averages
that they get.
What a high-end job for the first day.
Just moving around, changing the hour.
And time slots, Al in the afternoon, Al in midday, Al in the morning,
Debbie in the afternoon, Debbie in midday,
Sandy in the midday, Sandy in the afternoon.
Not only did they bring any new people in,
but they also just kept trying to pedal the same crap
with the same old callers and the same old guests.
And, you know, and then they just can't,
they don't understand.
And they didn't have the nerve.
They killed.
They killed topical talk.
They didn't want to do anything really wild.
And on the other hand, they didn't want to do anything
entertaining or different.
So they're stuck with that one geriatric oriented thing.
Yeah, they died.
Is that a big surprise?
No, if you're going to do talk,
you've got to be willing to take some heat.
I mean, this place took a lot of heat
when you were doing, you know, things.
And they bore the heat and it's worked out well.
You know, you got a big book.
They were afraid.
All it took was one letter and they were just
crapping their pants.
It was that simple and there would be a note.
We won't talk about this anymore.
Kind of like what happened to me on the other show.
We will not talk about other spaces.
We will not talk about other personalities.
We will not.
Well, when you start, you know, with all the will nights
that you want to this, you want to this.
What's left?
You know, the old, the old reliable three,
abortion, birth control, and bio-imbo.
What they got on there now,
this is a great deal of memories, radio death.
I can't believe it.
I am so obsessed with it.
I got to be honest with you.
Every morning coming to work, I listen to Mike.
But now I'm punching over there.
And not because I'm enjoying it in shock,
just to see if this is really the format.
I mean, the yesterday I'm coming to work
if I play in the Wood Chopper's Ball by Woody Brown.
And I tell you, I heard them.
I mean, stuff that's been out since high-button shoes
40 years ago, 50 years ago.
All they got for spots, the public service announcements.
I tuned in yesterday, because you were talking about it.
So I flipped up when you're commercial.
And he is Audrey Meadows doing a spot for the American Society
and behind it, they're playing this guy's in love with you.
Right at right behind the spot,
like it was two radio stations.
And we talk about the things we say off the O.
And during the last break, I said to you,
they can't be serious with this format.
I mean, I can't believe that they...
So that is a bleminal message, you think?
Maybe they're into a little beach reality or something.
I don't know, but they can't be...
Who's gonna listen to it?
They'd be stealing their own audience from a life.
Like you said, yes, these are the people
that are too old for life.
And how can he still be there?
How can that end again?
People think it's personal on my part, they're right.
Because to me, it's one of the most objectionable people
I've ever encountered in this business.
And almost everybody has ever worked there.
We'll tell you exactly the same thing.
I don't know if he's still doing it.
If he does, that's fine with me.
Had people taping the show for a long time, every day,
waiting for me to say something
that he could take legal action on, okay?
But that's the kind of paranoia that exists.
My personal feeling, and it's just personal feeling,
was when the witch hunts were going on,
he had a big role in it.
Like my feeling.
Oh, I believe that.
And I have plenty of evidence and reason to stand there.
Yeah, right.
I have no proof, no evidence.
But, you know, if you put a gun to my head and said,
yes, and no, I would say yes.
And for someone who's running a radio station.
And that bothers me, if you did.
In other words, the message that comes from that
is if you can't compete, destroy the opposition.
What kind of crap is that?
In other words, if you want to do the same format
or something close to it, compete, put some good people
on the air, do something exciting, do something different.
Don't try to run everybody else out of town.
And they couldn't compete at any point.
Well, and it's like, you know,
it's like letting the fox loose in the neighbor's chicken
coop and not having a fence on yours.
I mean, when you're doing a talk program,
talk radio yourself to encourage anybody
to try and stifle talk, it's crazy.
Because it's just going to be a matter of time, as it turned out.
And I don't know.
I do know.
They would never, you know, I did the story with Dennis.
And he says, I'm a talk guy.
I'm committed to talk.
But where was the evidence of that?
He never gave his people.
I understand how I had a piece of Saturday.
I was out of town where he said that he never got the support.
And that was certainly my perception.
And from the conversations I'd had with the people on that station,
that they got no support from the station.
When they got a crankle at it, instead of the GM coming in
and going, don't worry about it.
Do you show it?
We can't have this.
We can't have this.
And how can you do a show then?
When you got to sit here and worry about every word you're saying.
In addition to which they did the thing of KT had done back in the
RGSKT had no choice to have much of a signal.
But basically what they were saying, well, what's wrong with
the peeling the people over the age of 100?
What's wrong with that?
Let's put on all the felting spots and all the spots for
fire and I can't exactly.
And suddenly they discovered that nobody wanted to buy that
audience what little they had and they're watching.
They're going to fire sell rates.
You can't support a station like that.
And you know, another Saturdays,
when as Reagan faded and you know, Reaganism faded
and the country kind of the pandemics kind of swinging back the
other way now.
What do they do?
They put eight hours of right wing lunacy on on Saturday,
right at the time when the country's going the other way.
They put it on and they got Thompson and the other guy from LA.
You know, Mike Thompson and...
Worse being born.
Yeah, right.
I mean, they put eight hours of right wing mania on there
when the country's going the other way.
It was just like, it's like they had a death wish.
They just wanted to commit suicide.
If they brought the ratings down far enough,
there would be no choice and they could throw up their hands
and go, we tried.
What do we do?
They just don't know any better.
That's all they know.
Yeah, that certainly, you know, the evidence suggests that.
But I'm not going to believe the celebrity caller
that's on the bat line now looking for publicity.
Mr. Chica, Mr. Rogers, how are you doing?
How are you doing, Steve?
We're going to start charging you by the minute for this.
What are your charges, Bob, on this?
I was thinking you're taking hands on your show.
You have a large audience, you know?
Yeah, for you, we got a special race.
Listen, I got to tell you, we got to get all this in
before next Monday when I go on course management at FTL
has told me they don't want me to be on your show
to promote an audience for you.
Well, they've done a good job up there, too, Steve.
I really wish a lot of luck.
That's a joke.
You talk about walking into a haunted mess.
I mean, if I were you, I'd spray the microphone
when I get in in the morning because we are in the afternoon.
I don't think the guy in front of you is a big fan of yours.
Oh, listen, they just have to get to know me a little bit.
They all love me.
Who is that?
Who's the guy?
I have a piece tomorrow in the paper on your Steve
and you might be interested in some of the things he has to say.
I'm sure they're all glowing.
Yeah.
In one way or another.
Listen, one of the words.
The reason I called it was listening to you talking about
Dennis Collins and how they didn't give any support over there.
The great story, I just wanted to bring it back to mind,
was in the height of the AIDS epidemic.
When I, you know, wanted to do something innovative,
like bring a person with AIDS in the studio.
Well, that's when following that.
You know, well, the sour and, you know, Mr. Thompson,
Mike Thompson was afraid that the AIDS virus would get
in the air conditioner.
He told them.
And so, you know, that he might care something like that.
But anyway, you know, the thing went to Dennis.
And believe it or not, for the longest time,
Dennis refused to let me have anybody with AIDS in the studio.
And I said, Dennis, you know, you keep building this
with a public service station and we're here to help them.
We're community oriented.
I said, what kind of a message is this?
We're sending out in the height of this panic.
And it was only after the story was getting ready to go
on 60 minutes that he finally relented.
But not what you'd call a great, great...
Well, you got with them all over the edge.
Have you ever get any support on any issues?
The interesting thing is, I got with the, see,
that the AIDS thing was the beginning of my,
the deterioration of my relationship with Dennis.
I used to get along with him pretty well.
I found him pleasant and I had really nothing bad to say about him.
In fact, we even parted on pretty good terms.
But the station took so much heat.
You know, I think what happened is Al leaked to the weekly news
that Dennis wasn't letting a person with AIDS in the building.
Although, Dennis has told me, he says,
I know there's no chance anybody can get it.
But I have to be concerned with the feeling
of my other employees, which didn't hold a lot of water from him.
Which, and there was also one of them too, by the way.
They didn't want to come in the studio.
Yeah, that's a surprise me.
It was a crazy...
He put a shot to James.
There was for right with his 45.
Anyway, I don't want to hog anymore here, Tom.
Thanks for letting me on.
Don't forget, next Monday, Tom,
Jacob, I guess, an FBL 1400 of a dog.
Jesus, who can handle it, Steve?
All right, Gary. Thanks a lot.
Okay.
Now, what other station in America would allow that?
I can't think of one.
Dennis won't probably won't either.
It's been nice working here.
Anyway, it's 11 to 11.
I knew it was going to be.
I think it's the Oracle right at this moment.
Nah, relax.
Everybody's under control.
Right, Rick?
Huh?
Where's that card?
Okay, let's tell you about Toyota Hollywood right now.
Great news for Toyota.
T.
T.
T.
T.
T.
T.
T.
T.
T.
T.
T.
T.
Walter futures?
Yeah.
He just really picked up two newAM curiosities from the
Inaudible Col wife and mark.
Well, my only big talent here is, like it was a drops in
an hypothesis, my biggestkte name in the NAVI had discovered
and informed me for me, you know, he wrote a letter that
would find the way I did, Liura, Ross and Justin.
what every player in the dolphins make and what every player in majorly different
ballman.
Different show business.
So anyway, the deal he worked out with them is he gets 50% of all the revenue he brings
in and he says that he's already got $300,000 for the first year signed up, signed
sealed and delivered.
Yeah.
So if he does, he's going to be making a real handsome salary.
Well, he must be going to run a lot of spots because if people are going to pay the kind
of rate that that would translate to, I just don't understand it.
What?
A minute.
What a dollar a minute?
No.
How much?
100 $100 a minute on FTL.
Boy, we ought to hire him here as a salesman.
If he can get a hundred bucks for a spot on FTL, he has to be the greatest salesman in the
history.
Not just the radio.
He says that he's incredible.
I mean, I have this on.
Anybody in this community there would say, and it's not a knock on Steve, but let's face
it.
Well, I'll give you his explanation.
No, wait a minute.
Let me just say that.
Let's face it.
Well, that station is a zero.
And they got about a one now with their big bands.
But you know the damn well of people who are listening to the big bands are not going to
be the ones listening to Steve, okay?
No, I'd say that.
He has to build his entire audience from around zero.
Now if he's got that many people that are willing to spend that kind of money on a station
with limited signal and starting from zero, all I can say is, well, I'll tell you.
Again, this is not absolutely incredible.
This is all in the column tomorrow.
But Steve's argument is that most of his, a lot of his sponsors, certainly the ones
that he's taken with him, most of them are Broward restaurants.
And he said, when they were buying him here for approximately double that, it was spending
a lot of their money on people who are unlikely to be the customers.
I mean, if you live in Kendall like I do, you're not likely to.
But how many people live with them three miles of the tower?
No, no.
If you're in Broward, you can get FTO anywhere in Broward.
It's got a good signal in Broward.
It does.
And so his argument is that they're getting Steve came for half price.
They're reaching us.
It's like a double TV.
You realize now that it's going to be.
Now, even though it's up into Bocca, you can get it like between five and six PM.
It's going to get in Bocca in the winter time like in November, December, June,
and February.
But I'm ready.
What about the point is you have to cut your power down when you're like we do.
You have to change pattern at sundown.
And as you get into these months of the year, I'm not trying to create a bad situation
for Steve.
I'm just laying it out like it is.
After five or five, fifteen, which will probably be in November, December, you can't hear
it like anywhere except for Lauderdale parts of plantation.
I mean, it's really a marginal situation.
Again, if you know that, then you know more than I do.
But again, that's one of the years.
This is how Steve is selling the program that they're getting Steve came.
And that basis, it makes sense.
You know, you're getting them for half.
Well, okay, let's turn it around.
I will look at it from this standpoint.
Whatever he does on there is going to be so far in a way, the biggest thing that's ever
happened on that stage that he's certainly going to do well.
If he can sustain the record, that's a program.
He says he's bringing in more money the first week than they started in the year.
I believe it.
I believe it because the station is a zero.
I know that they've had real financial nightmares in that place.
I mean, it's been talking.
I mean, I have quotes in the column tomorrow with the owner and Mike Roberts, you know, almost
say in terms of, hey, it was this turn off the transmitter.
I mean, they didn't quite say that.
But they say, hey, we had to do something.
We had to keep the station vibrant and alive.
Steve is bringing in a lot of money.
And they're not on half.
But isn't it interesting, though, you say that Stern is going to be on an LA?
Isn't it amazing that people who do things that are different and radical and exciting
and fun and interesting?
Those people succeed.
People who want to keep doing the same boring crap and try to shove it down to public
throat and force.
Feed them.
Fail.
WLS in Chicago, all the CAHPS city stations, W-A-B-C, New York, they're trying to do that
same old boring stuff to public spread out on it.
They don't give a damn.
They don't care.
People are looking for excitement in their lives.
Most people have very mundane lives and they're looking for excitement.
It's the same thing on television.
You do something, well, I shouldn't say that.
This is the things that are doing different.
But even for a while, the moron, which one?
The guy with the screamer by my brain.
I'm on some, yeah, right.
I'm on so much medication for this.
Call them.
Anyway, Mortar, he can't even for a year at work because he was different.
He was, there was some life in the show.
It was a horrendous show.
I agree, but it was different.
You didn't know if the guy was going to self destruct on the air.
I got back to Australia, I said often when, when Evil Caniva was jumping over the snake
river and he said, you know, well, who do you think is going to come to see this?
And he said, well, I'll tell you who's going to come.
He says 10% of the people that come are going to want to see me make it.
He says 10% are going to want to see me fail.
And the other 80% of there, just in case they fail, they want to see me die.
Go ahead.
And that's it, people.
If a guy, the Howard Beale thing, you know, he takes the guy.
You're tuned in just to see what he would do.
I mean, I think that's part of the appeal now of Dan Rather.
You know, tune in tonight.
This might be the night that Dan loses it.
You just don't know.
And people will tune in.
I hate to even say it, but the thought occurred to me when I was trying to just gather my
thoughts and think about the breeders cup that because of what happened this Saturday,
the audience might go up next year just because there are people that tune in at a
ghoul in their curiosity.
And I don't, I almost like the season, you know, say, we don't want you.
Get away.
You know, we don't, if that's why you tuned in, don't, you know, and I'm not being like
the other, do you order races love to say, well, people don't come to see the accents?
You have right.
Sure.
Yeah.
If the Indianapolis 500, David devised a way that there would be no accident, you know,
you couldn't get it on WFTL.
Never mind network television.
Okay.
We're at the end of the first hour.
We had a momentous first hour here.
We got a lot more to talk about.
And Tom jickers with us, food from pizza loft to becoming any minute right.
We're getting some good chow for Tom here.
Have a report.
I've never reported.
He's got another call that off the air will be discussing and seeing what's going on.
Could be private in which case I want to ask you too many questions.
Anyway, we got Henry Barrow standing by.
Of course, Henry kind of takes this all in stride.
He's seen it come and go 26 years.
He's still waiting for that hurricane.
He's been leading newscast.
26 years.
The man has been here and they still won't let him back in the stadium.
It's just incredible.
They have his picture like at the racetrack, right?
Undesirable.
Exactly.
With bars across.
Well, the all the band is them and told if you spiked this guy tournament.
It's a picture.
In fact, Henry right on the back of Mr. Weaver's chair up there.
If you've seen this man, it says anyway, Henry's got our 11 o'clock W.I.O.D.
News will come back with Tom jica at 11.05.
Two of Tom's favorites.
Dick and Dudle be along from two to six this afternoon.
Video expert, doctor G Glenn, former vice president of CBS Research Lab.
And Janet Van Ranzberg editor of Video Times Magazine to talk about Lady's video gizmos.
Exciting pay phone challenge.
14 B sports talk.
Setting in joy at 6.05 and Randy at eight.
South Florida's news.
Traffic and weather station.
News talk radio six.
Ken W.I.O.D.
Miami Fortwater Day.
News talk radio six.
Ken W.I.O.D.
Present the Theal Roger Show.
We get in touch and talk with Neil.
Dial 751 W.I.O.D. from Dave.
Inbroward is 524 W.I.O.D.
Palm Beach 655 W.I.O.D.
And bell top mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star I.O.D.
The opinions expressed by the guest poster colors are not necessarily those of this station.
Now here's Neil Rogers, a news talk radio six.
Ken W.I.O.D.
Tonight on the National Geographic Special.
This is 14 multiple.
He's a crystal observed subtle changes in his cruise behavior.
As we enter the Serra gas or sea, I noticed that Philip as a move is wet suit and slipped
into a porra cadet of soft teddy with matching French cup and this.
I am a gas.
By the entire crew of the computer soul has suddenly changed into peekaboo lingerie
and for shab par a ears.
No miss the season premier of the underwear world of junk.
You'll see is a strange mispress and so is my first mate.
You'll crawl.
Does your man get it down tonight on pbs?
What are you guys talking about?
I should just let him go.
Should I?
I should let him keep going.
What is Halsian running the board now?
What?
She's shaking her head like I don't know what I'm doing.
What is going on here?
What is this like ding dong school?
Come on guys, give us a break.
Cut it out Halsian.
She's a wonderful little lady but that's not screw up the show yet.
Maybe it's sabotage.
Maybe it was sending people over here.
Or somebody from the afternoon show.
Well could be.
Well we'll find out I guess.
Is your mic on?
Is it my gun?
Is it on?
Come on.
Okay.
Well just checking we want to be real professional because we have a lot of people in the business
list.
I think we have everyone in the business from the calls would be.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
Well so we left some stuff out.
Is there anything else we want to say about the WNWS may have rest in peace about how
they drove it into the ground and about cheese?
And of course I went there the day was on the air and I was there in Charlie campus and
Stan Major and Mickey Dane and I thought there was another one.
She called in the other day.
Yeah.
See last Thursday and Friday we didn't know it was coming.
Well she's still trying to figure out who's with the B.
Oh.
Like Barbara Studdly perhaps that could be it.
But anyway and I did this thing I still have them by the way.
I'm never going to throw this away and we kept adding to the list of all the names.
God the bad man.
Who'd worked there.
What do you mean?
That many I got pages and pages and when we did our little when you think that they
think over there I read them all off.
If we had some appropriate music and I read all of these names Arlene Wolfe.
Bob is here to do a parrata.
Oh God what a list this is John levit.
Wow.
Wow Stacey Lieberman.
Man Nancy McCartney.
Oh I'll tell you a story about John levit.
I go up the you know I stayed in my mother's in Jersey.
Uh huh.
Who moves in next door to her last week?
A guy named Al Gordon who used to do traffic or something he said on your show and he's
like I he knocks on the door and he says your Tom joker says yes you know when your
mother moved in I saw the name I knew it had to be you know or somehow relative and
he came in except for about an hour tell you going over all and one of the names he mentioned
was John levit and you know and I was telling him because I just got north of the phone
with all the nonsense going on down here and he says well I was hoping to come back down
to the market.
He's doing some kind of a Jewish ethnic show on Sunday at some obscure station.
Yeah and he had John levit.
He said wow.
I work with John levit when he was there on the board and everything.
Boy that's the big time.
I want to tell you one of the great stories in history as long as we're doing the snails
in the coffin.
Also yesterday another name came back to me.
There was a young kid of salesman Milton somebody a glasses.
He was like from you of Emmer something and I left him off the list.
Somebody will call in maybe Alimax.
Well you even did the behind the bat line.
Maybe Alimax would Milton's last name was because I'm trying to complete this list.
Oh yeah.
Everybody office people Jean Miller the old guy in continuity who was just a funny great
guy and Contita Ruiz one of the news people.
I just named the shafa Tom Shafers.
Of course.
But anyways speaking of John levit this may take too long but it's a great story.
Chris well John levit was my producer.
Bored up and John was just basically all this kind of from the Rick Riley school personality
offended a lot of people in the building.
A lot of people crazy and when hurricane David came and went was either hurricane David
or was not maybe a milder one a lesser one.
But at any rate he was a meteorologist evidently.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
And was driving the news department crazy.
I mean just running them around like he had some kind of a title or something and I don't
think I was there.
I think I was on vacation or something at the time.
So wasn't hurricane David was another one.
And to make a long story short the staff was ready to lynch him.
I mean just just go and crazy and writing.
They didn't come to the whole news department put together a letter to him like so anyway
he resigned in very dramatic fashion.
Oh with the expectation that we would come running to get him back.
Well at that point I hired Chris Loner then became my producer.
Proud of remember Chris and Chris did a fine job and one night I'm on the year doing
my show.
Oh Chris is sitting in there and control room running the board answering the phones.
And John comes in with his friend Dennis who was another former board off there.
Dennis was the blood off of my show.
Right.
They come in and he sits down.
Remember there were like a couple of chair decks to where the board upset in the control
room.
It sits down waves and I wave back and I'm just doing my show and I'm talking to the
callers.
And we go into a break and this is the last spot we didn't have rejoined jingles.
His last spot would end over there.
The board up would give you the cue to come back your back on.
And now I'm watching I'm getting arms in stereo.
Chris Loner is pointing back and now John Levitt sitting next to me it's like wow it's
like old times like he's just going to move right back in and chair.
He's also cueing me.
I'm getting two arms.
I have never seen anything he sat there for like the entire show.
Cueing me to come back on assuming that well he was just now he was ready to come back
and we welcome him back with open arm.
It was just which needless to say we did not.
Did you talk about the time?
Chrome got stuck and that crime Jerry gets stuck up.
I was very waiting.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
That was another great WNWS while I was on the year.
Yeah.
And it's the stuff coming out when I was there the 10 12 weeks that I was there was when
everyone was getting sick with the.
Oh yeah.
We also had the disease in the air conditioning events.
I forgot about that and there was something in the events and all of us were getting this
awful illness and we couldn't I did two hours into Sunday night and I couldn't talk
till Tuesday every way.
Yeah.
And the motto over there was there's a fungus among us.
Yeah.
And go out with that.
Nothing and nothing.
Nothing.
Little did we realize that after some of us left the fungus would grow much more intensely
of course they were in the same building I don't think.
When did they go?
No.
It was quite a while after it was wasn't it?
Did we get Milton's last name?
Did anybody what was it?
Milton Fisher outstanding.
Hey wait a minute let me write that on my list.
All right.
Are we doing it?
See this doesn't have any security.
Oh man.
Just unbelievable.
Camille San Son, Ellen Morphonius, Cabe Aroni.
I might just read them all off again.
Paper on that's right that was another that was another thing where I got in the
Albright and Graham.
I think I got involved in it's feud with Conlon.
Was it Conlon's a follower over that one where the way they fired her?
Oh yeah.
It's all over there with that.
They were going to make a serious director and they let us serve as acting news director
for eight months and then when the stations combined they're like every Sullivan was
put in the driving the news van here at the library.
Because there were a few people gotten screwed here at two folks we don't want to go into
that because we don't have 30 hours.
I talked to Jerry for about an hour about two weeks ago.
Yeah.
About the whole city.
He said he'd love to come back here.
I don't want to make boy Gary nervous or anything but he said that boy Gary will be
good and Detroit.
Anyway, this Friday night the biggest sports event in South Florida of the season.
It's the breeder's crown.
Unbelievable to certify vacations breeder's crown with eight division championships more
than two and a quarter million dollars in purses all in one night.
Sixty eight of the most talented pastures and trotters in racing were compete for the
crowns in the three year old and age divisions.
Friday night could become the greatest night in the history of harness racing as beach
towel attempts to become the first standard bread ever to win more than two million dollars
in one season.
Tom Pearl be racing to become the first Philly pace to win breeder's crown championships
as both a two and three year old in the great peace core returns to popular hardest looking
for a third consecutive breeder's crown championship.
You still have time to get your tickets for the certified vacation breeder's crown reserve
grandstand and box seats available.
The breeder's crown ticket office opened daily 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. so get out to Pompato
Park today for the best seat selection.
It's right off the Atlantic Boulevard exit of I 95 and just before minutes off the Pompato
ways of the term pike.
The names again incredible not just the horses all the top drivers in the sport will have
a Michael a chance in Ron Waples and John Campbell and Bill O'Donnell and Jack Moisef and
you have a Corp.
Who is it?
You Bell.
Yeah, you Bell.
Here you go.
We're going to bring him back.
Oh geez.
You had to throw that one in there.
I don't think the red man's going to be there, but we'll survive without him.
It's going to be great.
It's going to be the night of the lifetime in hardest racing.
So make your plans now.
Don't forget early post time and early opening for the gates gates will open Friday at
five post time for the first race.
Seven.
So come out early and have a great time at Pompato, hardest this Friday night for breeder's
crown night.
1117 at W.I.O.D.
We had a great time.
We'd be remiss.
There must be something going on in TV because you're calling them in the paper this morning.
What's all about TV?
The sweeps, what I was saying was it's probably the tamest November sweeps that I certainly
I can.
There's only two two two two pot mini series the entire month in November.
I mean, this is when you used to have the Alonsoont Dubs and the Warren remembrances and
you know, the really great multi pot things.
The networks just aren't spending the money anymore because they don't have it.
The biggest events, which is the lead on the piece that I did is a regular series episode.
The 200th episode of Cheers.
There's a couple of Larry King is going to be on Murphy Brown if you can believe it.
Why why?
I mean, he's everywhere else.
Do you want to spend an hour or two critiquing a show which I didn't want to play?
I was on the plane.
Oh, you didn't.
You missed it?
No.
What a bad break.
Yeah.
Well, I missed all the excitement last weekend.
But as you said, I'm like, what is it?
What is it?
I thought I'd put it that I would.
Larry King?
Yeah.
He wants everything.
I mean, basically that thing.
I mean, the guy's making more money than God.
He's got more luck than probably anybody, all of any thousand people you know put together.
He's certainly taking a little bit of talent a long way.
You got to get credit for that.
You got to get credit for that.
Yeah.
Got to be the greatest BS artist in the history of the human race.
Yeah, what does he do?
But what does he want?
I mean, how thin can you, the guy already had what?
One or two heart attacks.
Yeah.
How thin can you spread yourself?
How many different things have you got to do before your satisfy?
I guess they want to say, you know, you who says you can't have it all, certainly not
Larry.
I mean, the thing with the Ted Turner and those games up in Seattle are worth it.
That was the biggest bomb in history.
I can't.
I really, I don't know why they're bringing them back in four years.
I mean, those games were created when the Russians and the Americans weren't talking
each other.
You know, as I said in the column before they came on, goodwill was the worst thing that
ever happened to the goodwill games.
You know, we don't have an enemy anymore.
You know, maybe if, you know, Libya had a team in the games, people could get excited.
But here we are.
We're all loving it.
We're all loving everything, you know, all of a sudden, Russia's on our side and everything.
They must be going crazy down in a little amount of, you know, the worst thing you can do
to people is take their enemies away.
Be like a brick rally left the market.
What would I do?
Oh, geezer.
Do we want to spend, I mean, if you want to got more to say, I'll just be back here.
I'll not be here any minute.
I'll just let you go on because obviously you guys just hate each other.
Like Poison, I don't understand it.
Well, I didn't hate him like Poison until he did that four hours on me that afternoon
and did it in a, what I thought was a very unfair and unprofessional way.
Totally overlooking the purpose of the column, leaving out things that I put in there that
would have greatly changed the nature of what he said, I said.
See, what bothers me about this business, for example, you talk to Al during the news,
you know, private, which is fine.
What bothers me is that some people, this is the one problem I have with Al and I know
he's listening.
And this isn't a defense because I've taken some pretty nasty posts, but none of it meant
to be personal.
In other words, if there weren't certain things that he did on the air, a lot of the
stuff I've done, I never would have said.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't want to get into the specifics.
But the bottom line is you've got to be able to discern the difference between what somebody
is doing as part of their job and taking it so personally.
I know it's only that bothers me because I like Al.
I really do.
I mean, he's not a pro.
He's not a pro.
He's not a person you really would have a reason to dislike.
He's a good guy.
I like him.
But nonetheless, when I'm on the air, I'm doing a stick.
I'm doing my thing.
Okay.
And I'm here to win.
I'm not here to, you know, in the nature of this business, look at all the people sitting
on a sideline right now who should be on the air.
I know you could make a whole radio station out of just the people who are out of work
in talk in this market right now and have a damn good station.
I know show business.
And I know when that's happening into a certain, like if he came in, he wanted to take some
fun, just great.
You know, that's what I thought was going to back and forth.
I thought it was going to be a boy.
But it wasn't.
It was very, very nasty and very, very personal.
And that's when my opinion of him changed.
I mean, even that day came in.
I was annoyed when I left, but I didn't hate the guy.
And, you know, well, I felt that was a little bit of show business.
He certainly provided a great lead in face show that afternoon.
Well, here I am.
You know, I think he's got to be careful to understand.
I'm not trying to lecture him all over.
I'll do my best.
One book doesn't make a lifetime.
Exactly.
Or one or two books in other states.
In other words, the ratings, you know what I think of them.
I think they're garbage.
Even though I had a great summer book and all of that, I think they're crap.
I think they're erratic.
I think they're sampling.
It's just a nightmare.
But the bottom line is over a period of time like take-wary, for example, whether you like
them or not.
Over 15 years in a market, the man is a monster in the morning.
Okay.
Yeah.
He had his down periods too, but the bottom line is right up there.
He's got a six eight in the morning, which in this, a six eight in the morning here
is unbelievable.
I mean, nobody can understand the list during the business.
What a big number that is.
And over, if you can sustain it over a long period of time, then you got something to
start blowing your horn about.
You and I had some arguments over the years about Ralph Renek.
And that's exactly what I was saying.
I was never a fan of Ralph Renek the way he does the news, the centaurian thing.
But I respected tremendously the fact that he was on top of his long period.
You can stay under here in this market 30 years doing anything, even picking your nose,
man, more power, too.
And that's how I always felt about Ralph Renek that give the guy credit in a business
where at 13 weeks is forever, he was on for 30 years.
And the same thing, Renek, in the morning, you've got to give the guy credit.
I mean, think of all the high price talent they've thrown in against him.
I mean, you know, they're the sunny foxes and the, you know, Tanner and Cox, you know,
they've all taken their shots at the guy and Rick and Suds is another one that, you
know, they were on opposite Renek, in the morning and Hermenemick being and all the others.
He's right there, book after book.
He might have one down book, but for me, he always found this right.
I'm thinking about the station now, if I can just, which I usually don't do, but that
I'm excited about.
He does his thing, which is totally different from anything that I do.
I do my act.
In the beginning, when they came here first, because they were just thrown into it, they
were playing my cards and doing a lot of my stuff.
They would, you know, because they filled in for me when I was sick back in the spring.
That's how I got the job.
But now they have developed their own thing.
They do a totally different thing from what I do.
And that's great.
We've got three completely unique shows.
The audience is happier than they have been in a long time, at least today, who knows
about tomorrow.
And that's great.
That's what it's all about.
Well, I give, you know, again, I listen to this show from time to time.
I mean, I'll be honest, when I'm when I'm in hearing range now, my first choice will
be Steve, but he does a lot of things that I know.
I mean, I turn it if he's doing something.
I'd listen to that.
I'll also say this in spite of what I said before, I listen to these guys on a way home
every day.
Okay.
I listen to them when Steve was here.
I would listen for 10 or 15 minutes.
And more often than not, I would change it to something else or put on music, not because
they don't like Steve, but because of the repetitive guests.
I mean, cheese.
I mean, and if he learns a lesson fine, I know this is a tough market for guests.
This isn't New York or LA.
They're just aren't all that many great, exciting people available.
But after you've heard the same number 4,000 times, you just can't stick with it anymore.
Wow.
As I've said many times, I don't get to hear a lot of the whoever's in that hour because
that's generally the time.
I mean, the office, a lot of days I leave early, you know, 5, quarter to 5, and then I
get to hear an outer show.
I turn rickensides on even now with the dispute.
I listen to them.
And as your blood boy, you get a little bit of help.
I'm upset.
I'm upset.
You start like punching the video.
What they do though, I don't think if I was available to listen to the show for a lot
more, I don't think that I would listen to it over a period of time because putting
with creamy your pants is not something that I find amusing more than one.
Unless you're doing it.
Yeah.
Okay, let me do a little break.
It's 1125 at W.Y.O.D. here is a special message from Lojak.
All of you folks out there in your cars making the most of South Florida's beautiful beaches.
If you think your car is safe away from the city, think again.
Barbara M found out the hard way she went to the beach for the weekend at a brand new
Camaro.
As she drove up to her hotel, she turned the car over to the valley on duty, checked
him.
After freshening up, she went out to get her car and asked for the valley.
What valley asked the bell boy we don't have one?
Surprise, Barbara.
But luckily, the Camaro had Lojak installed.
And if the Lojak signal was activated by the pigs, the car was recovered with hardly
any damage.
The Fone Valley was busted to make a long story short.
It turned out to be a happy ending instead of a nightmare.
So remember, just like you flocked to the beach to enjoy the sun, so do the car thieves
to enjoy the parking lots full of cars ripe for the picking.
So now let's do some douchebag ruin your weekend or your life.
Protect that investment, which is often a big one, with Lojak protection.
It makes all the sense in the world.
For information, or to arrange convenient installation at your home, your office, or
a new car dealership called Elaine.
Right now, she'll be waiting for your call till 6 o'clock tonight.
1-800-LO-JACK.
That's 1-800-535-6522.
One of the most important calls you'll ever make.
If you missed the Rick and Sud show yesterday on 610-W-I-O-D, you missed the adventures
of Sir Lance Lyte.
What?
That's right.
We also went over some phone calls in regards to Friday's funeral.
It's wanted to comment on Friday's show.
Yeah.
Incredible.
The radio history is certainly was.
Radio history every afternoon at 2 with Rick and Sud here at WIOG.
Hello?
Hello?
Hi.
Bay-Bud?
I said booty-low.
booty-low.
I was like, booty-low.
Oh, man.
Uh, limping guys.
Hat-false-tool.
It's a bowl for you.
It's an excellent show for you.
Don't miss today's Rick and Sud show it too.
I'm South Florida's news traffic in weather states.
News talk radio.
610-W-I-O-D.
That was the best for a while.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There is a lot of people on the phone just a couple of minutes.
We've been calling, and we've been blowing them off.
We're busy.
But I want to talk about the TV news, because I keep given my opinions because I got the
cable a couple of months ago.
Finally.
Not even.
Maybe a month.
Finally, they got it by me, in Plantation Acres.
And watching local news again.
And like I said, during the break I think Channel 6.
They don't get a lot of publicity for some reason.
But I think between Hamburg and Giselle Fernandes and Marberry's slow, and Ken and Marberry
and uh... mats
i think it's a much of an excellent before them are really good
yet again i could live without
of the sports guys uh... the sports guys yeah
i hit what a terrible promotion that is the terrible
and there aren't you know a tony uh...
aside from some time being silly
tony and i do a fine job on four yeah
but they just have never been a good spot
this is one of the weakest down for sports tv personalities ever seen well i
started about sports and
we'll go to the bruh and thought of it
saturday night
and home the breeder's cup eleven o'clock comes
i had no idea how anybody had done
you know football that day because i just really wasn't paying attention we
went out to dinner after the breeder's cup
i put on the eleven o'clock news guys on his truth
on NBC in New York
they gave no college football scores only like columbia
and like stony brook
and marist and for them
and say they didn't tell you here they didn't even tell you how the top ten did
no scores
i saturday night
on the nbc on station in the largest market in the country
no college football
i can remember during baseball season watching uh... the news on p.i.e. x in
new york on the satellite at night and they'd give the anky and a med school would
give no other major league baseball i think because they were shipping that
thing all over the country and they didn't want to know this is i'm no i'm
talking about their local news not the uh... the whatever they know now
well that they're definitely news that right
ten o'clock
whatever
you know set maybe they didn't want to give partial scores
but we're talking about i'm just speculating
but on it and network on station in new york city in the height of the football
season
no college football scores none
zilch and of course the only thing they show the breeder's cup was going
for one break and down
they know yeah and brito wins you know all of them they have to show it over and
over and over again that's never gonna stop yet you got to get a good
one of winds the breeder's cup classic and that that's all right now this
signal problem six seems to be mostly fixed at least continental cables got
excellent
cable effects if you've got an antenna still a problem are they making any
enrolled you they still well they're in good shape because in brown county about
seventy seventy five percent of the people have cable
but i mean terms of numbers six making any in real time oh yeah they're
finishing ahead of four some nights
c-force problem they they brought some people in
cali craigs a little too cute be dollar
i think she's she does some good things but you know she just has that
because of it you hate to you hate to stigmatize somebody because of their
parents because they happen to be good looking people
but you almost got the feeling that's the sole reason she's there and that's
probably not being fair to her
but what they've got to do whether it's cali craig and tom reyland they've got
to leave people there there another one like in w-s every time you turn around
is a different and
news is like soap operas people get comfortable with the weather some nights
brine or cross like they're like the way it does brine Alan brine
no no well and and when steve abrums and brine Alan i mentioned this last week
are trying to do that the five thirty to six on channel four is the worst
afforded both of you the bro and are trying to be funny and are you talking
about their tie that they're wearing and oh jeez i mean steve abrums not a bad
news guy but he's about as funny as cancer of the toning
well it's just not a funny guy we can
ahead this conversation fifteen years ago we can have it fifteen years from now
this is all a product of consultants to tell you and again it gets back to
the comfort factor that people want to think that the
anchors all of each other in point of fact in most studios there's more
backbiting going on it's like this radio you know in a radio station
these people hate each other if they don't hate each other they dislike them
and if they don't dislike them they at least nervous about them to look
and get their job but you got to have this nice sense on the air you know how
you're doing and everything else i mean a good example was when uh... uh...
it is always here on on channel uh... ten you know you'd see and him kibbits
and back and forth they hated each other they hate it but they had to do because
the consultant tells them that's what you got to do
uh... when they start out uh... going into the new weather for example i can use
on a monday and he says well how is your weekend i don't care how his weekend was
i want to know how the weather is going to be i don't i don't give two
crafts about how his weekend was and neither does anybody else the best weather
and the most efficient weather we was on sunday nights with before they had a
weather man uh... when they were waiting for no across the city out is is no
compete and they were trying to get sports extra on they would have to guide
whether it's all you know what's his name
house ideas or bloods that it
yeah they would have him on and you know like two minutes before the sports you
go uh... tomorrow be eighty eight the lobby seventy two with twenty percent
chance to rain small or exercise question and then it going to go into a big
song about the weather anyway i got to turn on a weather chain less in less
is uh...
in less is a hurricane something coming in as i said many times if there's a hurricane
coming to trans and whether it becomes news so that's all you need but now you got
that brine no crest on their way funny hats and dancing around walking through
windows that don't exist and
no cruises a nice guy but i really resent what he's done now and what they've
done with him and they turn entirely too much time over to that
the good uh... consultant again they'll tell you and this station up as long as
we're picking on everyone this nonsense with these promotions are adding news
weather traffic you know what that's a product of this is going out in the street
saying to people what do you want to hear in a radio station most people don't
know what they want to hear that jesus i don't know that's like you know
pornography i i i know what it when i see it i know what i like when i hear so
what it will you want to hear news weather and try to get what i want news
weather and traffic that's a bunch of crap they put news weather and trapping on
here and take you off and i'll get a ratings low but you know something that's
the nature of the radio business in no matter who i've worked for it's the same
thing they despise promoting personalities because
they're always afraid that somebody's going to walk out the next day or drop
did or do something horrendous they're always terrified of that so if they can
stick with things that are generic things that are institutional they'd much
rather promote that than promote personality the same way i and z it's the same
way here it's always going to be what you have less time five five average the
station five three five three all right i'll tell you what five point two of that
was for you was for what's his name inside was for for sports talk in the evening
was for an area certainly i don't mean they're overlooking i mean i listen to an area in the
but anyway and point one of it was the news weather and traffic and if they don't
well everybody everybody has got news weather and traffic everybody's got
any traffic in the market 90 percent of the stations it got your brinning the crowd up there
who aren't there half the time and i never write the weather i spent two hours a day they never
ever write when they say there's an accident go to that area because you'll cruise right
well they bid off more than they can chew that means the accident happened an hour ago
i mean we can call it sky watch six ten or up your nose you can call anything we want but
everybody in a market knows that they're on channel four and channel ten and they're on this
station and that they're all over the place and then net net that someone like us i spend
about twelve to fourteen hours a week in the car because of my commute and they're never right
ever not one out of a hundred times by accident they run into one time jikahs with us the outspoken
mr jico is going to really open up when we come back let's open up the phone now let's get some
calls on here how see how much doing seven five one w i would be in day one music on and eat
uh... well it'll give them a chance to talk about where pretend we're listening to them five two four w i d and
brown or star i would be on the bat line and six five five w i d and pombi if you're one of those
folks out there who is sick and tired of being forced fed why do i say that while jiff is standing
here from pizza lot unwrapping and just going nuts look at that if you want to stop the fat if
you're sick and tired of walking around looking like uh Larry Kent and drag the answer of course
is newtris system and let me say it again you can be in perfect shape for the eating holidays
you've still got a month to go till thanks giving in two months till christmas and hannigan new year
so now it'd be a great time to start and get like a head start on everybody else with newtris
system my psychotic wife did it did she loved it how much she lose she lost about twenty pounds
even johnny dork one of the real porkers in radio history came in yesterday's lost fourteen pounds
already starting to look almost human and you can do it to the safe effective way with newtris
system and right now is a great time to start because now get three weeks of newtris system
program services for only fifty nine bucks newtris system really succeeds or diets failure so
call them till free one eight hundred three four four thin one eight hundred three four four
th i and i be sure and tell them that former porker deal at w i o d told you to call
got
got
got
it's eleven thirty nine launches being served here by Jeff from pizza loft incredible
come on top cut it out all our time lost a lot of weight
now i haven't really not that well since i first knew you all you have to be for key to talk
about breathing heavy anyway we've opened the phone so that we got four lines to open here now
don't hold back i've lost my touch for you don't yeah don't hold back i mean uh we don't want
you to make some kind of verbal abuse here but of whatever you want to say uh we're here to do it
right yeah and if Debbie wants to call i mean it's this up first up we'd be honored yeah
we have to use the big phone mobile hi hi i think the problem with dick and most critics is that it's
one person personal opinion absolutely that's why my name's on it and but but you obviously don't
have any idea what's happening in this market is witnessed by the fact that Rick and suds are
very popular and if he came was boring repetitive just over and over the same screaming and
harring and hanging up and rudeness in the afternoon when we're all tired of that we get that at
work we don't want to hear that on the way home man we want to laugh man have you ever heard me say
that they have a bad show have you ever seen me write that they have a bad show now you just you
want to feed them to just personally uh i think he's the one who started that i think it's enough
if not them though is they did four hours on me that's right yeah that's right i want to
at present the way everyone always does but suds is a nice guy and that's really that when i came
here sud came in first he says hi i'm sud you know nice to meet you we've never met i enjoy your
column and he the absolute gentleman and the other guy comes in here like a raven banshee
so i know what you can't take it you can take it i can take it i can take it
you use your column to dance man i did when when i understand that you um you never
read my column i have read your column well then well then tell me when it is you heard me
bash them because i'm on time well then when did i bash them name one time one instance oh so you
did do it no i'm asking you i i i never have i never have and in every chance every show the
them up are you and your husband dinner in any restaurant in town you can pick it if you can
find the column where i i criticize their program any restaurant that's on the air this
50,000 people are hearing it one column where i bash them uh their program at any restaurant in town
you don't bash Rick to this morning i did hear personally not professionally every program that you're
on man i haven't been on it i was on waxy and they wouldn't let me talk about it this is the first
moment let me let me say this i'm not here to defend time because you can do that in some book
you in other words you want him to express the opinion that you like is at it no i'm not saying
that i don't saying that once in a while it would be nice if he would admit that in spite of
what his opinion is the general public seems to think that there's a terrific show on on the
afternoon on w i o d man the only column that i've mentioned that man since they've been back here
had the line in it that they had impressive ratings in the spring book or the summer book whatever
book it was i said that when i didn't and i didn't say anything at all about the program itself
now what and what i said just a few minutes ago if you're listening is i listened to the program
when i'm in the car what more can i say when did i bash them but you did but you did qualify by
saying that you know anybody who follows nil gets a number right i did say that and what was in
it was also a book in a long time etc and so on and that's what i think grind grind some people
okay because it really takes away from getting them credit for doing anything on their own well
again it was in the context of criticizing the station for night carrying the baseball and
and and and he'd like them maybe you would write a little more than oh and they do have some
impressive numbers in the afternoon well that was the other thing i think they disappointed a lot
of us including me as a usually there are two columns i'm still waiting for the second one the
first one with the preliminary numbers for the entire station and then the second one is a big
article which even won co-texted this time in a hero and when he scoops you on anything that it's
got to be a sorry day in health because it almost never happened where we go into detail say he'd
Tanner had this in the morning and hot had that and Rodgers did this and whatever one of the
never happened yeah no that didn't and i explained that and it's not going to satisfy you the
explanation but this book happened to come out in the midst of the period when all the new shows
were coming on i was writing three and four reviews in a space of about three weeks i must add
22 columns in the paper so i gave sure to shift shift unusual to to the radio ratings yeah that
did happen that i'll admit but that's why it happened but as far as criticizing rick and so it's
never happened okay thank you you see this is something that's exactly what i'm saying that was a
woman who's only listened to their program and got their information from the distorted version of
Rick and because she obviously doesn't read my column if she says that i constantly criticize her
she can say she reads the column but she you know there's the offer it's still out there bringing one
column where i criticize them well hello yes i hesitate to even call and i wasn't going to but i
think maybe a couple of facts need to be straightened out you know you don't know who this is
the voice sounds familiar would you would you like me to not call i mean you can come
you are like this how do you do either Rick or it's Greg B. Del one of the other not Greg
Greg Donald is straight me up okay well i just since Neil was an observer when i came in that day
i you know i kind of get tired of hearing me coming in like a screaming band sheet i walked in very
quietly and didn't i shake your hand yeah okay and then and uh and uh what's his name uh Douglas
and uh hola field shook hands the other night too well Tom do you want to take off on your little
things or do you want to just talk about some facts here good i'm listening okay did i not
well it does a band sheet walk in and shake your hand i walked in and i shook your hand and i sat
down on the seat very quietly because to tell you the truth i thought that you guys were expecting
me to come in because i had some things i wanted to talk to you about apparently i was off base
but i walked in i shook your hand i sat down on the seat very quietly because you're in the
discussion i didn't say anything and i waited until i was acknowledged that i was there and i
spoke and there was no screaming and there was no yelling you know about columns that i had written
and not not writing a column when you when you got fired at waxy wait we're talking about that
then i only wrote i only write columns about people i like which means i must like all a lot of
people because there are three hundred and thirty eight columns we don't have a disagreement i mean
i thought that was what the discussion was about what about the friday when you spent the four hours
okay let's go to that yeah let's i timed it and Neil listens on the way home i didn't say anything
it first and i you know i kind of look at you to be an arbitrator because tom and i are in this and
it's a lot easier to observe i mean one lunch when you say at first what do you mean the first
thirty seconds the first forty five seconds the the first was listening to that program Rick
pardon me the first about ten minutes i did something else and then for about the last 15 minutes
of the first half hour i ripped you and that's it that's it and then you open the phone do you call
is your it's the car the car did it often on sporadically till three fifteen or three thirty and i
put a stop to it no you didn't put a stop to it till you had the wrestling guy on and when you had
the wrestling guy on your side here and said well i'm gonna back off here and let's side-hand
elizcus i really know nothing about wrestling and then three seconds into the interview you said
one thing i like about wrestlers is they good role models for kids what can i not speak
it's my show too well i mean first of all you're right talking about us tom i'm just i'm just
you i was listening to that program Rick i heard more of that program than i hear most of your
progress i'm about to be off that tom stick with the facts you said i ripped you for four hours
and i didn't rip you know right away you said that i've got wrestling guy on for now that
knows it wasn't an hour's half right are you rip me for three and a half hours and tom you're a
liar okay and not only that i want to tell you that i called over to waxy this morning after
i heard that there was a steady stream of secretary of everybody including secretaries to use your
words of telling me that i was a rectal office now one person is allowed in that studio in the
morning unless you went the hallway looking for for people to find stories from your liar and
also there is not one secretary because i talked with the assistant program director michael warred
who is working there that was there what i was your liar tom okay you right Rick yeah i just made
that up right off the top man nothing else to talk about so i made that up graded grade would
probably not have many good things maybe japan probably dawn but steady stream and about three of four
what a rectal office they were about eight people they were about eight people in the office
that morning and six of seven and i'm all had something nice to say about you there's nobody
working there that was i was there until almost eleven o'clock Rick i was there until almost eleven o'clock
Rick at i.o.g you'll find that believe it or not i'm a pretty nice guy
well i'm sure you think you are well you can take a poll if you'd like tom since that seems to
be what you're into i just wanted to clear up a couple of facts you're living in fantasy we're
certainly acting like a real nice guy right now you're the guy is a star i don't like to sit here
and see your meat you know you can pick on me maybe i don't but it's okay when you do a meat
before you have a program every day Rick what do you say you're up right here for i never once said
any disparaging thing about you as a person and i never one right anybody i hope what you
think i hope does not attain that program would be real embarrassing i never once said that
anybody ever said what you were like i kept it between you and me i didn't bring out you didn't call
me tom jerker why didn't you didn't call me tom jerker well so what oh but you didn't say
anything bad about me now you just you made my name you called you and even twisting it to tom
jerk but i don't know you didn't say that just like nobody at what everybody you're right Rick
i made it all everybody at waxy love you um you refused to give me any credit and that's
that's my style i was talking to you tom i wasn't talking about you i was talking to you what
you don't like him i don't like what he does you don't like him and when i sat in there with you
and you'll get it looked like there was going to be this fight i just thought it was going to be fun
in the beginning let me just say this to you okay you know how many guests i have i'll write like
three a year show now tom has been coming on his show for 10 years and he and i have had some
wild disagreements in spite of the fact that some people think we have this incestuous relationship
and he thinks the world the sun rises and sets on my ass or whatever it is but the bottom line is
when a guy keeps coming in and every time he comes in which that was the third time in a row
was once with dick fero and i forget who the second time was three three times in a row come
in and somebody comes in and again i thought it was going to be fun so i take part of the responsibility
which Bennett did not let fero come in here make a circus out of that show well you know i get
kind of old it reminds me of the days when i would be on with steve and all of a sudden cider
man or someone those guys would invite himself to come in after i've been invited to stick around
and come in and sit down and plop down and start a big fist fight on the air it just it gets old
you're right i apologize i thought that i was expected to come in because we knew that we had
nothing to apologize for but the bottom line is you guys dislike each other intently
i know that though i thought that you do now the point is i do not know i didn't know the man
until that now it's personal and ugly and you hate each other like poison well you know i think
we should agree uh to hate each other is basically what it's all about you know but when you say a
steady stream of people come in and say what i don't want an ass i am and this and that and
there's seven people in the office and six and i'm say that but the fact is that people weren't
allowed in there but can i say something great deal of friends over there Tom and nobody
no secretaries would have let him know it i got to do a break let him say this
can i say something if you call if you if you say the bad somebody anything and the guy calls
you up and says did you say that about me what are you gonna say are you gonna yeah well i did
yeah i told time you were you whatever it's a back fighting business Rick okay trust me just
keep it in mind i mean what are we gonna do i have a trial i'll bring in my witnesses i'll bring
in Greg and the other people are there to tell you yeah they did the fact is time that you're just
taking people coming in let me ask you let me ask you let me ask you this Rick let me ask you this
day i was there that someone came in one of these nonexistent people that don't that weren't there
that day came in and said you know what time Linda Thornton when she was writing the the herald
radio column what at one point said that uh that your show was mildly amusing that's what she said
mildly amusing that wasn't good enough for you so you spent about a week ripping hers that's
true or not that's we took we did not top the auto we took her apart on the air just for saying
that you were only mildly amusing you're displaying right now what you are you're you're a hot head
you can't take any criticism whatsoever you did four hours on me facts we did not rip you for four
hours okay four hours minus about 20 minutes you talked to blood and solely and commercial time we
said Gordon solely uh doing a play by plan yeah thanks for the time the lia apologize calm down i'm fine are
you okay great okay thank you it's eleven fifty two at happiness radio w i o d who won the
lottery right back news talk radio six ten w i o d self-flardas news traffic and weather station
now with even more traffic coverage first we'll now hear more traffic updates every seven minutes
to keep you moving seconds we report from three planes flying over self-flard to keep you better and
third traffic reports to get it five a.m. ending late in the evening go with your schedule six ten
w i o d now with even more traffic coverage we're self-flardas news traffic and weather station
near talk radio six ten w i o d
uh
is there a happy i have my testimony ill to Rick i don't know i guess Friday's calm and
i i'm let me see i have to call on the greatest thing since macaulney i can't say his myelia
me isn't because Linda said that say ripped up for what he said he didn't know what's
happening are we gonna do two hours are all these calls gonna be about Rick Riley and Tom jikkin
World War three is that what this is gonna be okay he said none of these people who actually tell
i'm a liar no one at waxy told me he started the one starry i gave him oh yeah well i did do that
so where did i make i made these things up how do you call somebody up as apparently he did close
off at a waxing goes you call me an asshole i mean oh yeah well i did Rick i actually what do you say
of course you say no sure also lunches great sunrise oh boy i'm waiting an hour and now listen
well you're probably an emotional age right now yeah i am but let me give you i want to talk fast
i know the news is coming up so i'm really upset i don't have a lot of time here it is
first of all i want to thank you uh nale because uh i really have to hand it to you that you
did a nice thing with w w n w s and i am a listener of all stations including you and them and everybody
i just got back into talk radio a couple of months ago like over the summer and i even i'm a writer
and i even wrote an essay that i hope to get printed in one of our local papers because i mean
it's been a wonderful thing to be available have available okay so i'm very yes very devastated
that w n w s i i switch back and forth i'm a switcher i switch hitter wherever you want to call it
but in any event i'll tell you a little tidbit first then only one thing to the end um
i reconfudge right okay i was from way back i've been here almost 10 years i was into waxy when
the first cantiflora i listened to it every morning Greg and the gang right now i had a personal
feud with Greg mind you but i still you know like the day crew there and it was a good show
now and i'll tell you honestly the minute the second that that he went on despite my argument
with him and i had a real feud with him about something they promised to do for me do for me
i did not ever listen i could not get into work and start to not knock in that one you station
but for the point of view of this the only thing like my two cents fits in here
they're on the afternoon on your station if someone isn't looking for that but they do want the
other type of talk radio now we just have wjna which is you know okay like you and then it's
you again i see you starting next week but we foul it no but yeah i know well you know i just
heard from producer a jurist show i'm not going to say who earlier today want to try to get on
i couldn't get on that i shouldn't even bother listening to you because he's not going to be my
cup of tea i'm only thirty eight like i'm like when i'll talk to him you just heard that from who
what do you have male producers there if i don't even bother because he's like not going to be
your thing he's going to be very um set up i mean the person who answered the phone
nobody i'm not saying who i don't even know the person's name all right hold on you've got to
hold on because you've been on here for four hours anyway right no no well i got to do the news
oh all right hold on i don't want to cut you off in mid-stream okay like you're in there all right hold on
okay she's on four will come back to everybody is so damn what can't you become like me for crying
out loud huh what's wrong with you people you know you have blood pressure the way you need
but open line on the starline star iod tom jica the radio tv provocateur of the four-hour
day on news and sun sentals are guests hope the food wasn't doctor rick and suds two of tom's
very favorites of the long video expert doctor g glenn latest video gizmos joe and sunday on sports
ca. 6.05 and randy at eight south florida's news graphic and weather station news talk radio
610 w i o d my m e port water day at 12.05 the temperature in south florida 80 degrees next news
updated to a clock bulletins at once i'm elaine at tour for south florida's news traffic and weather
station news talk radio 610 w i o d
news talk radio 610 w i o d presents the neal rudgers show get in touch and talk with neal
dial 751 w i o d from day inbroward is 524 w i o d
bombies 655 w i o d and bell top mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star i od
the opinions expressed by the guest host or callers are not necessarily those this nation
now here's neal rudgers a new dock radio 610 w i o d
i'm a tonneware to tom to stick them up as this and they'll always have them
okay i have no idea who she's talking about it's 12.06 and w i o d tom jica is our guest
the radio tv troublemaker of the poor waterdale news and son sentinel we have a lady has been so
patient that he's probably forgotten everything he was talking about i'm gonna sum up because i
think it's rest to go to work now here's the thing yeah so i believe you both agree there has to be
variety i mean it's nice to say everybody should listen to your show and what it's
of course all right and those people don't like like i've always said if you don't like this show
turn it off find something else yeah well you want to know the honest truth i i got used to you i
sometimes know i want to call complain and you you know i i like the format of your show
uh more recently rather than a few months ago but i'll tell you the truth there are times like
it's like you said you have three guests a year well if i read you the list of the people i have
gotten to speak to important people i even ambassadah from my rap i mean whether i like them
or not it's very exciting i have to tell you the truth on the talk you know radio where they have
the guest and the issue so there is room for everything i think jeperson pilot and i've been
advertising they are neurotic beyond all belief yes i don't know how they think anybody who is
going to buy supplies on a m radio on a music although don't get crazy i do listen to jerry a
little bit i you know it night because it's like it's interesting everything's different but um
but a m is not the place for music as far as i'm concerned all right it's strictly for people
like you or issue oriented shows and i'll and so therefore that's a complete error what they did
as for this reconciling a lot of the personalities uh i have found all the idlers thing to do radio
now they get some of them admittedly do get an attitude in any kind of show this right
well rick riley and i like that i like reconciled both of them but i will be added as rick has an
attitude there's no question about right so i think you would have no young you know and he can
call it too called the call before rick riley what you were saying about me bashing i've never said a
cross word about rick riley in my car because i don't even know no i had a column yeah well no it
been how i rule yeah the same place he did to me yeah but rick riley's problem and this goes back
to the original time when he came in here the the last time i was here is that i've never written
a column saying that he's the greatest thing since light beer that's his problem he needs that he
just admitted that when the court and was used at the harrow wrote the night mildly amusing which
is kind of a compliment and he ripped up for a week he said he's on words i didn't know what i have to
question about how old is he rick old enough to know york a final i jacquim i really don't know how
i hold it about 40ish that's about 40 days between 35 and 40 yeah well then he's really old and i
thought he was tell you the truth one last twenty nine i think what last thing and ask a favor i
wanted to tell you one last story yeah i was in my army seventy four to seventy five or seventy
five to seventy six and that was my first experience at talk radio and i was a big day vote day
vote day of larry i was a regular on a show when he was on io d on your station okay and i have
a nickname i'm not going to say what it is because i'm doing business with him now all right larry
was one of the great entertainer right he got started here he'll call the so i mean he may be
over you know spreading himself to thinnages i'll tell you one of the story though i could i
talk to him about three weeks ago from his home are too lucky well i kind of felt i was um this is
if you would call me from home the thing is the thing with the show we did you know the Sunday show
and i like what the end of it unfortunately but i'm the lion tell him i saw the whole thing
but he was asked to do that by his age and bernie brilstein said it up he didn't go looking for
that to the best of my knowledge he just did it one shot it is no contract with NBC or any thank
well you know whatever but the point is uh i i kind of like him and he's had his problems and so we
all so you know i guess you'll get fun at it but you know i'm not each other i mean everybody
about each theme on this on the radio well that's what makes some people handled it better than
that when you can when you can deal with it for what it is you're a lot better off and when you
start taking it personally and getting hysterical you know what it's a self-sufficient process to
less thing it's to this day i am not clear as to whether Neil really does or does not like
rent i'm not sure if it's a gag or i'm not sure i really can't tell you want me do you want me to
answer the question very simply do you all right i like to know you sick are you the desert
don't give our a matter have a great day okay hey we like musical responses to everything on a
station it's 10 past noon on radio hysteria where we just make your blood boil where everybody
hates each other and we're happy about it is it evidently that way jeez i'm in a good way i feel great
i feel excellent today we have an opalign on the starline at star i od i will say this i hope that
i i just i don't know why i'm compelled to say it i hope rick riley never forgets as long as he
lives the joy rentals rust oasis episode if he ever doubts that i support those guys any afternoon
i mean i went the extra yard because that pissed me off the i think anything that i've ever been
involved with in this business that was one of the worst that they conned me into this clandestine
dinner and allegedly for then they denied that there was ever any saddle idea that no no no
and it just the most blatant blatant attempt for me to go to boy gary and get them can so he could
get a job because the man's desperate for work a guy who couldn't even get a one on the weekend
they can't have a card board audience on radio oh jeez joey you're the worst she's this almost
like the old cane shows you know let's you in him fight yeah anyway it's 12 minutes past noon we're
here with tom jica the mild moderate the market's on 20 points of the sunsendle the news and for
lauderdale one more reminder that if you're already wearing your own Halloween costume when you
look down you don't have to put anything extra on if you're looking like Debbie Ellis in he
the answer is neutral system stop being a fat pig all you're like you notice how good i was
i had my eggplant yeah you really behave you don't go crazy that's right is there no no sir no way
Jose because fat is out from a health standpoint from the way it looks it makes you a mental wreck
you feel like you want to stay in the house and never go out again so if you'd like to go out and
have a little fun next Halloween and look human have to really put on a costume neutral system can
make you wear some real size clothing and join the crowd over here at wio d like Wayne Arnold and
bouncer Smith and the bob sopour and soos and sofour and sunny hersh and the list goes on and on and
right now get three weeks of neutral system program services for only 59 bucks you can't beat it
because neutral system really works it succeeds where diets failed so call right now and stop being a
big fat one eight hundred i mean who do you want to look like algal steen and drag one eight hundred three
four four thin that's one eight hundred three four four th i in and be sure and tell them
that mild-mannered comm reasonable meal at wio d called you to call neutral system
this year the harnigan hamster light hurricane hotline has a new location every Thursday evening
throughout the college football season will be broadcasting live from on these rob are in coconut
grill a spectacular location out of doors and on the water so we can accommodate more hurricane
fans this is your chance to ask questions and hear the analysis of each game by the head coach of
the defending national champion hurricanes denis erickson twenty five fans of coma receive rider six
ten wio d sports fan bags stuffed with hurricane memorabilia the party breeze your hats and other
prices you can also register to win gift certificates from monies and hurricane t-shirts it's a great
time so i hope you'll join josegakey coach erickson sam jankovitch and me sunny hersh this Thursday
from six to eight p.m. live from monies rob are brought to you by harnigan and am still light on
south florida's fort station at six ten that's wio d
you were saying twelve fourteen at wio d let's take a call from four miers
yeah this is not very king thank god i've got a i've got a few uh... this in the share i'd like
to suggest your honor all those who contributed to the demise of w and w s
this your john mcq john harper you know what john mcq you know that ain't john harper
john harper was my first board op at wk two this is john mcq how about steve Gilbert this is john
mcq can you believe it oh unbelievable well what is this at the seas something like it yeah
what was the last one steve Gilbert oh my god let's him
oh jeez wait a minute let me get my lunch i don't know where i got john harper
there are four miers there in kid corral they managed to persuade somebody to put up eight hundred
thousand dollars in buy wdcq yeah and they're busy doing the same with it destroying it
well listen there's great satellites here this out of calirado man they got this uh what he
hurt what he heard me stuff it's fantastic this poison love that you i'm not on anyway another
contributor to the demise of the w and w s of course was the infamous fruit cake fruit cake
oh he was out of him he was in town you know only a couple of weeks ago he was on leave you know
he's in the Israeli army now i know that and and he was in town he called and more should i
answer pretty upset about it yeah well if war ever breaks out over there fruit cake's gonna
have a hand in it yeah is this really john mcq john mcq he is uh not what you ask working part-time
weekends at the great talk right here at station and fort miers w i m k the big wink the big winker
yeah as opposed to the big big oink oinker yeah yeah i've got the resources to do it right one of
these days yeah okay well get out of that trunk john it's great hearing from you okay yes yeah
john mcq yeah you know that list that list you ought to mail to every broadcast school in country
Gilbert oh do you remember Steve Gilbert oh geez they hired him i forget there was during the late
period when i came back from Nashville and chrome was busy trying to destroy the station and they put
him on on the weekend and he was like doing some fill-in and weekend he was one of the worst i have
never in my life he may joys seem like uh David Letterman i mean this guy and i'll never forget the
night he was on here late nights i think it was doing like midnight to six or something 12 30 in the
morning he calls home and he's got like a nine or ten-year-old kid he says Tommy did mommy and i
get divorced because i was in radio he's asking his little kid why oh geez i mean this guy so
Steve Gilbert w and w and he never he was like sandy paton and drag i mean that monotone oh geez how
could i have left him off the list that's like calling somebody and calling waxian saying my
nice guy between Milton Fisher and Steve Gilbert novelist is rounding out nicely my Emmy hello yes
yeah you know i uh listen to uh what's been going on here and of course the thing that i would
ask for to you because and that's the economic side of the argument as to why why the station died
the and i make reference to uh that's why uh you're a bastard the uh what's up sir
the uh the thing that that used to confound me is kneels big numbers and all the criticism uh
where you guys were talking earlier the station's got to stick by and uh you know to go ahead and make
make a good show or make a good reputation and but i guess the thing that i'm asking is is
there's was a demise because they couldn't sell the show but yet neo haven't you uh talked about
how uh management doesn't go along with you and yet you're pulling out the big numbers uh uh what
drives the the the reason for talk radio because i think i think i have it said management doesn't go
along with me i said management is dumb which they are and they don't listen to your suggestions which
they don't but in terms of um interfering with what you do or just totally putting the clamps on
you they don't do that um but but still if you've got the good numbers that means that you've got
a pretty good sense of what the uh the market is about and so that if uh i mean if i was the
guy that was uh holding the uh the purse strings and so and you come up to me and said okay look
why don't you go ahead and do a format uh that does this this and this uh for example when you were at
WNWS uh and then they said yeah but that was de cassebur and they did it you see he listened and
the station went from no from point one's we finally had a six point four was the the glory book
that we had like an uh 81 in the spring of 81 a four from nowhere yeah the the thing with uh
WNWS is that they're owned by an insurance company in north carolina and there's nothing more
conservative than an insurance company uh and and they would just they didn't want any controversy
and you can't do that without having contact with them let me let me give you another example
when i was at wyng i did eight to midnight okay and it was um i had some younger people but mostly
that topic uh or issue-oriented geriatric talk okay then i convinced them finally because the
news numbers during the daytime were dismal put me on and the daytime kickass we did i want
to put in one book and nine share okay then i went over to zeta did the same thing kicked everybody's
answer but the bottom line is that guy gannett broadcasting out of Portland main not unlike
jeferson pilot is a very yahoo a conservative outfit they were terrified and petrified by the
controversy by everything that stand and i were doing they didn't have the stomach for talking
at least to their credit i mean in in a perverse way at least they finally in as much said okay we
were all news we want to be all news we don't have the stomach for this everybody go have a good
life and we just can't handle it anymore and they couldn't yeah but if there if if i'm making the
bottom line okay if you if i project and i say okay we're making uh because of uh the recommendations
that i'm taking from the guys that are in the seats and they're saying okay i'm getting a good
rate of return on the investment i'm saying hey go out there take the eat now but a big company won't
do that yeah what i'm not sure if this is what i'm not sure how about infinity broadcaster and how
it's stirring that's not a little bit like that. Coxbrook they've always been the for foxes
different situation too and that it's family held and not answering the stockholders and that
makes a big difference. But the profit isn't enough then to go ahead and listen to what works.
They just don't want the controversy feel that they can make the money in other way these
organizations they make so much money in their other mainline of business that you know it
really is. Just enterprise versus the other interests. Yeah they just don't want to fear afraid
that and the people who orchestrate these type of campaigns what they do is they go after them
where they live they say not only will we destroy your radio station will destroy your insurance
company and they get nervous. They don't want it. They say well there's a lot of ways to make money
but even but you're giving them too much credit even forgetting about people that go after them to
use that expression before any of that ever happened they were losing maybe they had that
geriatric audience they don't know I mean we're making it too complicated they don't know how to win
they ruined WGBS which is a major station with a big signal they ruined WNWS which a lot of us
had worked hard and built to a major factor in this market with big numbers and demographics they
weren't all geriatric we had a lot of living and breathing people and they destroyed it and they
wouldn't change and they wouldn't even run anywhere. When you say they destroyed it okay they did. Yeah
but what I'm saying is as that happens doesn't the dollar the economics come in to say hey you
know that's a dumb move but they don't know any better they don't know any better and they just
kept going with it and going with it and going with it waiting for some miracle to happen which
never did so now their answer is to can almost everybody to cut the to cut the overhead down
to virtually nothing and so even the minimal billing that they've got they're going to cut their
losses on an AM life has got big numbers with their music on the FM that's how they're going to
make money another way they got that AM license they don't know how to make any money with it. Bottom line
I go ahead and say okay I'm going to buy a station you know what is it take to put a station
to buy one by that and then a monthly operating cost and then what kind of a percent profit on your
return. The cost you're about a million dollars per cheap station and AM station and then
I'll put what's a monthly operating. Well that's the point it depends you know you know what if you
want to buy an AM station the best thing to do is do like the people at VWVCG it has no public
service value broker the time sell it to the Haitians and the how this group and aggregate the same
thing broker out the time religious nuts whatever it is get the money from them you've got no overhead
they put on their own programs you make you make a fortune the people that don't on WVCG are making
over a million dollars a year clear profit and what they got on the year I wouldn't wish on anybody
okay but that's unfortunately what radio you know. But what I'm saying is that I think it's really
stupid when I when a guy that has demonstrated your track record and that you you know because
I always wonder why you you don't do the talk topics the issue or any stuff. It doesn't work.
It's history doesn't it. Great. I agree but I don't need money here one day about three years ago
and I said this is even boring me so I remember I would never go back to what sir you've got to
have a feel for what goes and you come to feel and that's a really amazing that people don't listen to
you to take it back then they never will. Listen we're doing okay. Yeah continue success. Thanks.
24 afternoon at WIOD we have an open line of dates 751 9463 751 Recreality is God
Unicorn Village is celebrating their 11th anniversary tomorrow Halloween day with a gourmet
tasting fair from one delayed and you'll find some incredible stuff boy you don't have to go out
and trick and treat you can get free some of the great goodies from all the departments at the
Unicorn Village restaurant and market for example the Deli the bakery or they've got
baked goods over there just beyond belief they got cream puffs the size of your head they've got
incredible baklava they have a carrot cake that I would kill for all their baked goods are just
fantastic they use no garbage no natural sugar no we find anything in any of their products
seems like brown sugar and they have the Coleman beef with no hormones and no garbage the seafood
department the poultry department and grocery department I'll be providing goodies for you to
sample in the best part is it's all free all day tomorrow you'll see all the employees in
costumes dressed up like a Brian Norcross including the biggest pumpkin and Florida even bigger than
Debbie's right cheek so come to the best trick or treat in town at the Unicorn Village Marketplace
with their unbelievable Halloween party and gourmet tasting fair one delayed tomorrow Halloween
day it is going to be sensational the Unicorn Village Marketplace they're just east of Viscan
Bolivar just go east on north northeast 207th Street in the waterways in Aventura
the mild mannered Tom jikies our guest is 1227 at WIOD a troublemaker radio let's go to a mobile
and Jupiter all right yes sir speak to me hello Neil yes yes I was just calling to have
Mr. Jikap if why doesn't the subject matter work on talk radio they work on TV with your
open and all the rest of them well you know and that's part of the reason that is exactly part of
the reason I mentioned it in a column I did you know a month ago predicting what would happen to
W.A.W.S. and you know there's your base core topics as we say abortion done control by olingo
there's some all those things and then to take some of the eduof that you fill in with some of
these bizarre shows and those are the people now that you're getting on over and done in you
you know the transvestite lesbian midget nines and all that other crap and because they're there
they've stripped away a lot of the guests that used to hit the talk show circuit you can't do
on again every day you know herald she might see herald will claim that he was going to clean up
his jacket all that last I turned it on yesterday and he's doing a rape on college campuses rape
and violence on college campus which is I mean granted so legitimate topic but just to see the way
he exploits everything you know he's not kidding anybody margate hey there yes sir yeah I got
an answer to the rick ralley time jk a problem okay I think what we need to do is we get both in
the desert don't give them a man no no we need a wrestling ring gonna have the wrestle we'll have
Gordon solely referee it I got a better idea than wrestling why don't we get the farting post
well rick rick the those wrestlers are good role models for kids you know the violence is the answer
and somebody the somebody's different kill them they're wonderful role models we have
figure we can kill three birds of one stone because we can air this during the ranny martinjo
yeah there you go I'll tell you what rick's got me out way big I mean I don't know if you know
we're in different weight classes and different we'd like to let him fly him up the time
George and Tom go ahead at first they're about the same size then we'll work up to him we could
have the movie like the defiant one show handcuffed the two of us together and put us on a train
yeah and that and I think Steve Key is gonna do okay and then on fpl because he's you know
we the firebrand he's different well let me just say the reason I have no no problem with having
him call in and promoting the fact he's gonna be honest because I don't think he's gonna take five
of those years that rick and suds have an apno because that's a totally different kind of audience
yeah the people are listening to this station our people are not interested in hearing the
year-end lady and the brevrens and the ministers and the hellis Ruben and those people who want that
stuff they'll go over there and more power to them you know I think that's fine why use to listen
to them way back I speed delivery driver and sometimes I had to turn it off because some of the
guests he had were really just too far out I mean you know it's like if these people are like
drills oh yeah you know they had a bna breath in the head of the cooklux clan you can bet David
Duke will be on which would be a good guess that yeah David Duke on there with you know probably
off the title bomb yeah be good you get some yellow and some screaming some hatred
I said today and you know it's all gotten lost in this I said that a lot of days I used to listen
to Steve but a lot of days the same as you it would be so far out that I would turn them off
and I'll turn to everything about Steve too and talk about people doing pouring things when he
was at WNWS before Fowler came in he was a lot more controversial a lot more emotional a lot
more exciting on here and then Fowler came in and performed the operation I like to call it yeah
and even over here he never really went back to that kind of you say firebrand I wouldn't agree
with that word maybe we'll be now but I never want to know before it's time boy hungry now he's
like I got to make a living yeah but I think he was at his best though on this on your station
when he didn't even have a guest on when it was just him and the callers and you know that wasn't
always his own choice unfortunately the powers that be here felt that without a guest he was lost
that was their feeling and so they force that him to have guest after guest after get and a
problem like I said and I know it because I did topical talk for uh 12 years in this market
they just start that many good guests here there's nobody here who you gonna have on after you
have the mayor and the dog catcher on a couple of times uh there's nobody left there is nobody
here that that's it for as far as your topics because I mean you can you know watch TV news
or any of these other you know donnie what you wind up with is you wind up with whoever's on the
circuit selling a book yeah that's pretty much what it all is and people get sick of it I mean it's
like this um the thing over in the Iraq I mean you know it's on 24 hours a day seven days a week and
you know you bring on like the Iraqi ambassador like Kinghead who cares yeah you don't think
guys gonna sit there and say oh we're we're right you're wrong you know see another thing that
happened when GBS entered into the uh marked picture here is that really helped to kill I mean
good competition is one thing but when you have too much competition and too much of the same
thing and a lot of it is bad it kills it and then you wind up with the same old voices you could
when we had the four stays into a talk you could literally turn from one station to another
and hear the same old chronic regular five minutes later here among another station saying exactly
the same thing yeah that was not it wasn't on you to go to offer a guest to be on say this station
the morning with Andy and then on at night with uh or or if there was something hot like uh
immigration or bilingualism you could go from morning noon and night and every host on four
different stations all talking about the same thing and that's what happened nationwide with
topical talk may and became so desperate that most of it went either to news or talk and as a result
people are talked out they've heard everything said about the the death penalty about abortion about
any of those tried and true 20 topics there's nothing left to be said it's all been said a thousand
times and it gets real dull well hope you guys have a good one in time you know I still want to see
the wrestling match and I do think you know and such should they do the commentage with Gordon
Sully referee and you're in a Randy Martin show well I'll concede Rick would Rick would kick my butt
well we can do much too bad I want Alex Bennett yeah well Alex Bennett I went you said if he had
the ability he tear the hairs right off Alex who said we did that again that white white
in the I never did I understand white any habit you know white any just take him out in the
parking lot because he's a whim right now you know it's been it yeah I have I was on his second show
I went to one of those um audience things he has because I was in the area and I wanted free food I
mean call me a mouge and we've been my friend went down there and this guy is sitting
because how those sucking back all right he looks like it's about to fall asleep he's taking
two only 26 going on 12 going on 12 well he he was taking pills and washed him down a diet you know
a diet coke and you know you know he dab was on the air person Alex had his greatest moments at WMCA
in New York during the drug culture years when he had on you know if he leery regularly no no he
looks like he matured minutes he was hanging out and ate some brownies and a few other things yeah
because he was gone I mean this guy would get off the air and like he wouldn't talk to any
of the people that he invited over he'd like just avoid him ignore him you know and all you know
all he would say he was like please bring more friends I need ratings that was all he you know
and then he was like lost well he's back in Israel they love him out there and work
in San Francisco have a great day I go love him back there I have a friend is TV critic in San Francisco
he's you know what you talked about when he went back and what had happened here and everything
because he was doing a piece out there and they they but out there he's got a better like he's
that a better class of guess that Robin Williams because out there it's a major market and all his
big stand-up comics that he's into so much all the big names are out there yeah and he has an
opportunity here he was desperate he put any schlepper in the world and Eric Lambert seriously
ought to kiss the guy to go out there and kiss Alex on the forehand if it wasn't for Alex Bennett
Eric Lambert would be still be schlepping they stand up routine up there and brow at these flop
houses so so he gave an opportunity to a lot of people who are terminal who are when anybody who
worked at a company exactly bring him off the street and it was just deadly it was just deadly but
you know that happens to a lot of people and that's one reason that I'm real reluctant to leave
here I've invested 15 years in this market next March first will be 15 years and yeah I'm doing
fine okay but you never know you can you can be the greatest things in sliced bread you go to New
Yorkers your connoisseur this place or that place and if they don't take to you right away or if
you have to suddenly make a big adjustment of what you used to do doesn't make it anymore you
could be all through and if he would have stayed here he'd have been people out here and I question
all the time why doesn't he'll go to New York ago and I've that's exactly what I've told you you
just don't know where your act is gonna play in addition to which you go to New York you got to
make two or three times the amount of money you're making here at least just to be in the same spot I
don't know you know I hate to be in New York fashion because I live there and everything but even being
up there for this four days how those people put up with a day in and day out that hassles the
traffic the holes I mean when I talk and pine holes were talking craters craters and this isn't even
a snowy season it's got to get worse now these are the ones that are left over from last year and if
you want to go across the George Washington bridge I had to go to the airport something I had to
look at you two hours to get eleven miles it's how and and this was a Sunday night with nothing going
on Sunday night at seven o'clock why should the George Washington bridge been busy there was nobody
there was nobody coming home from the Jersey Shore stand it you get to the tribe or bridge it's
you know you got to wait you're about 60th in line to pay the toll and you got some person in there
who hates their job and makes no effort to do it fast and they count the money as if you know
they have arthritis and they don't give a damn that the traffic is backed up into into the
battery just doesn't matter to them everybody's got alarms and bars on their windows and you know
three German shepherds in their house and speaking of German shepherds in their house then they take
the German shepherds out in the street you got to walk watch where you're going to walk I mean I grew
up in New York and I wouldn't trade it for nothing but anybody who talks with any kind of romantic
glowing times in New York is out of their mind that New York doesn't exist anymore that's what you
mean says the same thing when I came back then the New York that people sing about does not exist that's
Camelot. 1237 at W.I.O.D. time's going to give us some opinions in a while we have a hard time
getting them to do that Rick and Suds will be here at two to six this afternoon probably with a
couple of opinions of their own what is that no that's not right or you want me to let that it's a
piece of copy time just relax your so damn hyper calm down it's 23 pill one at W.I.O.D. and we'll be right back
1241 at W.I.O.D. let's take a call from Sunrise now yes sir I talked we told a little TV anything
you want why is it what's the reason with these networks telling October and already Murphy Brown
and one to use is a rerunning just the the one week well the one the years last but I wondered
about that myself because it wasn't supposed to be a rerun they had a different show list and
TV guide they ran into some production problems and they thought they would be up against the
world series so they stuck in a rerun figuring you know nothing nothing gave nothing lost and
they save an original episode for later in the season Murphy Brown last night was this was the
last week before the swings you see what is you mentioned two good shows the good shows take long
and a make they put some care into them quality takes time so they don't get them churned out as
quickly as the shows that you you know who cares so every now and then they get backed up in
production rather than have these people operating with a gun to their head they give them a one
week break and and then they can they can operate it a human pace if you let somebody operate it a
human pace they'll do better work what style of this excuse for way until November start oh that's
simple there was world series games on almost every you have every you see what they didn't want to
do they could have put Dallas on premier week in September but then it would have been on for a week
and then it would have been off for three weeks then it would have been on for another week and
off for another week and because it's a serial they thought the best thing to do was wait started
fresh and and then just play it right through because it's it's harder to preempt a serial than
just a normal episode because there's that continuity like Neil gets nuts when nice landing disappears
for a couple of weeks yeah you can make people wait a week for it to see the story get resolved but
when you ask them two and three weeks at a clip and doing it regularly and at the first time one
network ever had to play us in the world series he had almost three full weeks of baseball all right
well you would have a lot of job they do with that well well talk about not planning I saw a movie for
HBO deception with neglect Sheridan Harry Hamlin that was HBO that was showtime showtime I rented it
can you explain it no I had no idea what happened I just loved her because she was
unrest from up the movie exactly I'll say a story back there yeah I have no idea I just want to
yesterday I'm trying to explain nothing in the movie well yeah let me tell you we were uh she was
just in this thing lucky chances that NBC had so they had her out in the press to a last summer
so after the question and the session for uh for the NBC miniseries a couple of critics who
felt the same way we all watched it for the sex scene and uh none of us knew what what what so we
we caught her afterwards and we said think like could you explain the plot to us and she just laughed
and she says oh you're about the hundredth person who's asked me didn't make any sense to us either
because when they shot the husband you're really shot exactly and she did it and
and the guy did come in and he was going to attack and all the scenes when she was alone with no
camera it was just the camera and her it looked like she was really afraid she said the best and
remember now she's in it and this is the guys on a shoot these are on words she said the best
she could figure it was originally it was supposed to be in a dream and then in the middle someone
forgot that and took it in an entirely different direction she looks good though no they don't
shoot these things in order you shoot you might shoot the last scene of the movie and then two
middle scenes you've been in the corner knows that the best days in our planning was two seasons ago
and Nicola Chirden and Pat Pierce and we're rolling around naked on every episode that's when it
was great remember on the what you call a croquet course which had the strip croquet with the
sound of it yes sir that she rolls around naked with Harry Hamlin which means she has that very good
taste and she doesn't have anything to worry about oh we have a great day okay so 1244 trust me at W.I.O.D
we have an open line and Broward 524 9463 and also on a star line at star I.O.D if we have any more
radio celebrities they want to call in we've had John McHugh we had Steve Kane we had Alice
off the air with little a tidbit or two boy got only knows what it'll be next maybe Sandy I got it
and talk about people saying bad things what about oh she didn't look too to her effect she had
those dark eyes on and I'm just talking about the way that they a ripper hear all the people
used to work with her oh man unbelievable and I'm sure she called them and asked them they'd
all deny it they'd say oh yeah we said that homestead hey Neil yes sir hey Tom okay uh before I
wish Rick Rattie what they called I think he just made his casing it worse than it was before
yeah well at least you know he I saw that thing the name on the screen and I deliberated for 20
seconds and I thought well let's give everybody their say and get it over with yeah I wasn't
wasn't the essence of his call that he's not a hothead oh yeah no doubt about it not you know
I'll tell you some uh I don't think says just you're enough credit for making that sure what it is
sides is such as the humor there sides is a real gentleman too yeah he's a laid-back guy and he
he does have to play off Riley real well then if it was Riley without Sudd there wouldn't be a show
yeah but see I think that's the part about that show that makes it good is that they're both
different there's a chemistry there and Riley's the hothead and Sudd is like laid-back and
real low-key and it that's that's what makes it I mean nobody says you've got to be Mr. Mello or
Mr. Perfect off the earth I have a great show it's like the cops the good cop bad cop thing but
sure yeah time they'll go 15 20 minutes and you hardly won't hear a word from Sudd and then
it'll just say something that's so funny you want to drive off the road well he's he's the one
that comes up with a funny stuff what I call to ask and he's a real gentleman too again I stress
oh he is no with wf you and was it ever off the 790 frequency was it ever 710
not what wf you and was it always 790 yeah I'm sure it must have been I think it's good yes
gbs and nws to combine okay well one wonder is like you know we used to go here host
to we used to get wf you and wq a real strong right but the tower used to be on candle for
acumen oh I heard that's before I came here I know the office was on the office was on
sunset drive yeah all I know is that by the time I got here just before it switched to wnws
the signal of f you went and deteriorated so badly it was almost like off the year terrible
I always just wonder about that all right you hear one more question now the target audience for
for you know so and so and shows is like 25 to 54 right that's the one most advertise is one
okay because the welfare general had about a week or so ago that 55 and older control most
the money in this country this guy I was arguing a word about especially when they do but there's
a difference they don't spend it right no they do spend that they spend more than younger people
I mean you know they what the hell they're gonna take a with them the problem is that the
perception of advertisers right or wrong is that they're setting their ways that they're not
as susceptible to new products and most of your advertising is done for for new products
all right okay well when you go into a car dealership for example look around and see what the
median age of most of the people is you're not going to see too many people 75 buy a new car every
year that's true okay me and she's what do you think this count do once I I turned that on once
the sun came up down here because you know we're we're way far south of that transmitter up there
and there had to be you had to be you Johnny may I guess what are you gonna do with this fail
do you gonna take your blame or what are they gonna do I don't what did Joe and apparently is selling
a combination right I mean this thing is gonna have if it's possible it's gonna have demographics
even worse than W.A.W.S. had yeah yeah I absolutely they're gonna sell it in combination with WLIF
which I'm gonna call it they're gonna call it life and death well have a great day 1248 and WI would do
it time jica and we'll be right back news talk radio 610 W I O Z covering the big stories from
around the world and South Florida I know if you'll think they may have the fire under control at this
point and they've been working hard to contain the blaze to the Jefferson evacuating here by people
buildings and keeping the flames away from some of the unpopulated buildings he might be
fired department clad the red cross is after the an access to shelter people that they thought were
in danger of smoke inhalation
the location that the crash stopped them and with red and with the rest of that they were
provided such affairs with now news traffic and weather news talk radio 610 W I O D
sure 252 at W I O D with Tom jica hi alia how you doing neo high okay hey I'd like to
start up by saying I hope lot and child walked all over martina today that guy's an asshole yes
sir I vote early and often folks very much very 400 times meal time's gonna vote for lot and child
yes are you sure you bet and coming from him that's a miracle probably be the first time I voted
for a top of the ticket Democrat in my life I voted for many Democrats but not top of the ticket
my brother wants to have Tom something go ahead doc hey Tom yeah I want to know what you feel
about the new episode of the flash I thought the pilot was wonderful wasn't yeah I thought the
pilot was I think you know it gets all real quick how many times I did the effect are real good and
you know I've been watching lately and you know I would think that they would die down use the
same you know from the first one the same effect but it's been quite pretty well with it yeah I
was predisposed not to like that show because I'm not a fan of that that kind of science fiction
but they impressed me I gave it a very very favor review I love it I love it hey Tom what do you think
it's when peace I think it's bizarre I don't I don't really care who killed Laura Palmer I find all
the people fascinating yeah that's the same way I feel I think if it's gonna laugh yes the
deal with crazy people it's kind of kind of fun yeah you just can't take it seriously all right I hope
I hope it lasts well it will the demographics are very good you think even on Saturday the last
yeah don't look at the ratings the demographics for the show to refer they're getting people there
that they never got before it's for the same reason that NWS had problems because their ratings
weren't all that bad but their demographics were well the same with with twin peaks their ratings aren't
that good but the demographics are good advertisers don't buy ratings anymore they buy certain audience
segments I mean even when I run you know I run the the 12 plus ratings when I do my rating story
because you know that's kind of like the horse race competition just overall viewers but you know
that's really misleading the same as on Thursday when you get the TV ratings the overall ratings aren't
all that important like Cosby has been beaten the Simpsons regularly but the Simpsons has more viewers
than Cosby and you know if you want I'll take a half hour and explain to you how that could be
but essentially what it comes down to is that Cosby in a lot of those homes there's only one or two
people watching the show where the Simpsons they find this four or five people watching so the
rating you see in the paper is a household rating they got to multiply that by the number of people
in the household so the Simpsons actually has more people watching than Cosby I don't like
guys that want them very much yeah can I say hello to some of my friends please yes sir
Chris Bob pop George sounds like Ramperoom and Chris over there and hi George yeah Carlos and Herb
you guys are all chronic right material okay trust 55 at W.I.O.D Miami Neil when is this how you
doing great leading I'm listening remember that and Neil I wanted to ask you something I had a great
time on Friday and I have a copy of the channel seven thing I don't know if you're interested I
could send you a copy yeah I'd love to see it okay I'd love to see it oh really I was out of
it was kind of short but it was really funny I tell yeah well I can relate to that okay I'll you
gonna be going to Sunday's game of course can I give it to a Rick or a Sutt and they'll take it
to upstairs or you mean the tape yeah the tape or you want me to just drop it off the station you're
to them is Rick on it a lot uh is Rick on it no he's no no no no here it probably stand jump on
come on come on come on cheese give the guy a break that channel seven they just won't give him credit
he's not that bad no why do you think channel seven must hate him are give Rick the tape but don't
mention Tom's name when you do it okay I'll never see it okay all right Neil thanks a lot thanks
1256 hostility radio 610 WIOD let's go to Hollywood yes hey how are you great listen I have a
couple questions I want to ask you yeah okay the first one is what do you think of the the local
news team do you think that they should be replaced by network news team what the anchors all right
like on channel uh you know let's bring in Dan Rather yeah I'm sure Tom Brocle is just anxious to
come down here and work on child floor I mean to hire executive like NBC news team instead of
hiring local people that live here do you have any concept that television works yes I do I don't
think you mean by executive NBC news team what does that mean well I mean uh people that you know
work in the field like uh doing national news like on NBC or ABC but what would they know about
this community but what's wrong with having you know people that know you know like network news
and you know what do you want what I don't know it makes no sense to me we have local people who do
the local news and we have network people who do national news and they're pretty simple
isn't it right do you want a guy in New York right in the back next Tuesday's election in
high alia no well that's what you saying well I'll scratch it I have it okay let's move out of
the next one it's got to be better it is what do you think about scrambling I hate it you know but
I hate it for a selfish reason did you think that they're gonna start scrambling am an FM radio station
I think they are oh well he's having you know you know the spot that says this is your brain
and yeah that there is the guy yeah let's go to pomp it up I remember when you used to do nights
and topics and sometimes you get some of those women who are into the bottle you know what did
you do time yeah this guy he's got an early study must be Hannah with Henry hello hey
how's it going good hey Tom with shaking oh me uh because I actually think we out of people from
time and news week right in the local newspaper here yeah Rick's got to be in here in a little bit
so I'm shaking yeah Tom I was wondering is the satellite seeds that they're using on AM now is
that like the wave of the future or oh I've been doing that for years it's just a you usually
in a market this size you don't get radio stations doing that they program their own I mean I've
even heard news that was satellite on certain stations almost all the news you hear is satellite it
I mean it'll be a mutual and everything comes from the network is now on satellite what would
stereo AM like would that inject new light into AM would that save it I don't think so how would
it save it well I know maybe the music sound would be better it would be what sound just like FM
the only problem the only problem is then everybody in America would have to go out and buy a new
radio in order to be able to pick it up that's that's a problem you need a wide a band don't you
no well I mean no it's just you need different receiver that's all it sounds just as good as FM
I mean if they did go to AM stereo would would there be a or stations on AM would that sure
why not I suppose there would be sure but one of the reasons there's no big push for it is that
there's no shortage of space in the FM band yeah and I'm not going to do this digitalized thing
which you I don't even understand yet so did you all know yeah anyway we'll come back for our
big one to two are probably some folks will be coming in the building looking in the window which
ought to be very exciting let's get some security in here for Tom the lovely the talented Elaine
Etter is standing by with our one o'clock geriatric news no it's not the news it's geriatric it's
Elaine's boyfriend Zimble come back at 105 Dick and Doug at two sports talks 605
radio six can wio sure why not switch right 107 at the wio d Tom jik is here
sudd was in studio everybody's happy says smiling got it along great how might do why can't we
all get along yeah Rick oh he's always like that we have an open line on the star line at star
iod for our bell soft mobility friends I'm just here to have a good time have a little lunch
and go see mommy Jupiter yeah sir I have three quick thanks for you number one Tommy you were
talking about advertisers don't buy and certainly two the numbers that they they're going for the
demographic even though the number might be row yeah well depending on how low I mean you know
yeah no bulk audience doesn't mean well but even so if you can't be off the can't be all that low
if you got a 25 to 54 yeah you have a one but what I'm saying is like uh twin peaks does like a
you know you drank like 70 second among the all shows in all households but demographically it's
in the middle of the pack well then the syn nuts landing must do pretty well then too because they
only like the last week they were 38th but you know that behind LA law yeah yeah yeah
yeah the same time the same concept the piper radio to yeah pretty much okay okay number two
couple weeks ago I had a radio accident I was listening to Mike Noir and he was talking about
in books and he said we are the number one rated a radio station in the south east when you know
what that means no no I'll tell you why he says that number one talk a m state and the reason
for that is because they're talking to Palm Beach market and in that market they've got a big
share right nothing else that pbr is virtually off the end yeah they've let go just about everybody
I think they only have one live show a day I said yeah they died but everything is relevant I mean
the number of people that it translates into is men's school because it's only Palm Beach County
I mean if whole population of Palm Beach County is all about a half a million people yeah I'd be
like it'd be like Jose Conceco coming down here and you know signing up at a softball league and
hitting 800 that doesn't mean he's gonna hit 800 in the major leagues well I tell you they should
do sell but yeah for a lot of daily area you know on their top of the RID you know just well they
they've got a powerhouse combo them and rm f but they're they're not any factor in this market for
example uh... the boy well about that they're looking at the book they get fractions in the day
brow at books and they're not effective i.o.d does much better in Palm Beach than they do in
Dayton brown as a matter of fact it matter of fact Monday through Sunday 12 plus in this last book
they had a point five a two well I'll give you an example in the palm you know I do the Palm Beach
ratings because uh... a lot of our readership is in Palm Beach and almost all the time four of
the top ten stations in the Palm Beach market a day county stations I get people to appear you know
somebody will say they were number four in the market well hell there's only six stations up here
right well yeah it's about twelve but yeah most of them you can barely hear yeah okay uh final thing
what uh... what they are going to be in here two thousand what's next well i think it's got to be
pretty much what it is now a ban for for ethnic radio for uh... talk radio and for broken radio
yeah broken radios you've got two stations in this market making a lot of money
i mean i know i know the owner of k a t uh... i've known him for years he's a guy i talked to regularly
on the phone how a premarine nil's not a friend of his but you know i i found him to be about he's
a radio maven he knows what's going on uh... and you know all the stations and i i found his insights
to be valuable and when i need you know what what this one's up to and what that that one's up to
how it what that radio station because he always had to dream the program is on radio station
yeah how it's father and law well yeah but yeah the point is he's you know it's his station and uh...
but he found he's making so much money as a broken station that he just can't afford it maybe play radio
nil yeah you know there's really truly just a handful of incredibly talented broadcasters in the
country and and you truly want to thank you appreciate it but what he says is true without
talking about me but there's so few people who are really creative and who are really entertaining
and really whatever and whatever feel to happen to me and and i think now it is showing more
than ever before now that a m is really desperate and people are well there's that new uh... talk to
v network that's going to be coming on first quarter next year cable talk network and you look
at the line up they've got and if that's the best that's not the line and berk is going to be on
over this not there was in the trade publication last week i have the full pay alan berk is going
to be on over night or they still just printing the names that they picked up and they've got the
actual line up they announced it alan berk's on overnight and joy b harazon who joy does and uh...
with bruce Williams is on uh...
i mean i mean i want to talk to you about the i'll call you because i want to see what you think about it
i'm going to write a column on it but yeah no they've got the actual line up they're going to do like two
and three hour block they're going to have a medical show in the morning
oh yeah
hello
back
yeah
all that
she is
alan berk is going to be on overnight he's got like a two or three hours shift like from
two in the morning till five in the morning in the east and midnight you know eleven to one in the west
it's going to be simulcast all over the country uh... they they i and when you look at i said is this
the best they can do
you just wonder
yeah well he sure i'd spend any money that's for sure
twelve minutes out there he can miss that yeah well i probably uh... get his nose in there
somewhere when you notice that big you anywhere twelve minutes after one at wio d and if you've
heard us talk about it a lot of you probably have uh... kind of wondered about low jack does it make
any sense does it work you can go out and spend thousands of dollars for an auto alarm system
literally like two three grand
and think you've got the greatest protection in the world the only problem is when somebody breaks into
car in the alarm goes off number one nobody pays any attention and number two the experienced auto
thief can disable the alarm in just a matter like seconds because they know where they install it they
know how it's installed and so after a few seconds of beeping and hawking and nobody paying any more
attention no more alarm and guess what no more car so i'll never see it again and boy uh... trying
to collect on that auto reveal takes months and months with the insurance company and hassling
and you'll ever get back what you have invested it's a nightmare so get yourself some realistic
protection for your automobile or truck or van that you can afford low jack when you can do most
new car dealerships now you'll see all the big signs they recommend it when i bought that last
corvette the guy says whatever you do be sure and get that low jack in there because this is a valuable
car i know you love it and they really are enthusiastic about it you will be two when you see the
price and the effectiveness it's got a ninety five percent recovery rate you can't beat it low jack
for information or to arrange convenient installation at your home your office or a new car dealership
call Elaine right now at low jack there's no obligation and she'll be waiting for your call till six
in the p.m. call toll free one eight hundred fifty three low jack and check it out that's one eight hundred
five three five six five two two
ten
16
one 16
miami
brings up
idea
it
west
izeigt
ормill
is no real no
now it's like that side of the incident how desperate you are
did you see why palis
and what
white palis the movie with scissors and
now it's about like that you know that side views
lot of rolling in he even but you never really get a clear on shot
but i hate it don't worry about that madman rick riley
biggest problem is
has a poor relationship with father
well i've got all that
i think that's a great let's go to kendall
uh... how i don't know how i'll be in another half hour
the hell's it going great
and i i i don't know if you are
listen to dan rap is coming while you're here mind me about the
that you know the state of america should think twice about dating iraq
iraq why because he's not there anymore
well you know i get to feel like this guy is like somewhat of a supporter of
iraq
i don't think that's true
well i mean why would i think we should i think it's good advice to think
twice before you invade anywhere
i mean when you think of you think of the problems that we had in grenade
or in panamau where they wanted us
you know now we're going into a place where they got a military force of a
million people
and and i still when push comes to shove
no offense but i don't trust all those other air of nations to really stand
behind us
i agree with you but i just thought that for for dan rather the state so to like
that was kind of uh...
one-sided situation
i i think that's pretty good advice to think twice before you book on anything
like that
also rick rally and aliex been and had the same personality don't you think
uh... i always thought aliex had a half way decent personality
well you know he's doing the same things that uh...
aliex did when uh... he said things about aliex and aliex would call him up on
the phone so it's kind of uh...
they have you
only well only rick's got an audience yeah but it's not that you got to realize
the show business
okay guys thanks okay
one eighteen and wio delets go to for water deal
yes i know how you don't
i was wondering i was watching the film in this morning and i'll get better
the testing a new uh... hair product yeah i'm surprised iraq lambor was in
on with him
and he's going to be one of the guys are going to use it and then come on the show
to see if it grew in the air and they showed a shot of
his bald head
and next week he's going to be able to read just they have a new product for a
talent transplant
to be great
i want to talk about
and only like to show evening shade is the uh...
it's good as the amazing teddy b was which also make it
uh... they did
entirely different shows one was brought fast the other cell you know
uh... i enjoyed both shows
i like it yeah
there's no show this year really blew me away
i like pop rock and that's going into the toilet
what do you think of wio you
it's okay
it's just okay
uh... as far as demographics are i think that uh... another example of that
would be uh... thirty something they get uh... not good
right now that's the clearest example
uh... last year
or maybe was the year for a member writing about it the time
the sixty minutes was not was the number four show overall television
and uh... thirty something was number forty five
but they got more money per per minute per commercial on thirty something
they did on sixty minutes
because sixty minutes again sixty minutes audience is all fifty five plus
yeah it was it gets great yeah thirty something gets the ideal
demographics
that that that's probably the best example
i just wanted to say that uh... that show on friday was incredible in the
open with your after loan really
that one about fifteen times when she came by and said we're all the black people
that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that
she really i just made it up
because we were over across the street on the street getting ready with our
up a session and i was just doing a little uh...
fictitious play by plan it was funny and then closing it and and
and i'm a great riley says anything clever it's nearly a coincidence
have a great day okay well a little rick riley bashing that they are not taking
part in this i mean i know it's what you like it well
yeah you like it i mean he's got a committee on bashing probably for the next
four hours
the committee on bashing the next one
well we'll see they got guest today they got the video gizmo guys
doctor g glenn
and uh... janis van randberg
whoo from video times magazine and they got the payphone challenge fourteen
b
with a strawberry parfait in your pants they got a lot of stuff to keep busy
and speaking of guests
randy martin tonight we haven't spoken much about her thank god
female comedians
and the latest in how i think that way and the latest fashion trend body
piercing
on the randy martin joker i watch maybe they can start with randy what do you
and w i would be more be right back
if you missed the twenty five and w i would be with time jica
what is this all good for waterdale
i don't know you got to be right away well well but he shows up at how it's
christmas party out
i don't
yes sir
yeah i don't know it's interesting that uh...
that you've been in this business long as you have any don't know anything
yeah right
yeah i have a feeling of learning all now yes sir a few minutes
you know uh... i i'm kind of in fault that uh... you don't think anybody
under fifty five years of age uh... uh... care that you think about this
country
when did i say that
well that's uh... that's what you implied
no i didn't say that i said that the kind of talk that we were doing before
with the topics doesn't make it anymore that's what i said
and if you go to air and if you go to all the research in every major market
in every small market
i guess they must all be stupid to so i don't you educate as i said a few
minutes ago so that uh... sixty minutes it's primal audience is people fifty
five and over that doesn't mean sixty minutes isn't a good program
it doesn't mean there are some people under fifty five watching
most of the numbers of people fifty five and over
it seems to me like you know people uh... you should be doing like this
already a station such a total waste
what do i listen to it nothing here no then why do you listen to it
what else is there
but i'll come on come on what else is there but i really i was
you can you can turn on you can turn on
wait a minute wait a minute you have cable
there's nothing here so you don't want to have a conversation all you want to
is making a fault you have a do you have cable
no i don't i don't even have a t-shirt
also that you want to lay us on white one of the combat TV gets a cable
watch the span and cnn and headline news
one hour and hours and hours and hours all day long you can watch your
government in action you can hear about what's going on in the world
we can't be all things all this is a really unique i you know that
the something like only one tenth of one percent of the people in this
country dot of it all this is one of them
no i don't have t-shirt there's nothing on there that the
really interest me on your name yourself then you're an
imbecile then you're telling me that the news isn't worth watching
that nightline isn't worth watching that cnn isn't worth watching
the piece of it when when may you get what mtv i said when i did have a
television yeah and when i did have cable in a previous place where i was living
yeah i did watch a great deal of c-band and cnn
yeah so i don't have it now
probably tell why don't you have it now
well it's you know that's that's a personal
question-living situation oh yeah so you can only afford to live a radio and you
want us to you want us to get you want us to gear our gear
live in a cardboard box under a bridge oh wait a minute you want us to gear
our ter radio station to you the hell with the audience the hell with
anything else we're supposed to entertain you right or inform you
the wall i think that your type of program is okay to a certain extent but you
spend a great deal of time you know i think there could be a nice mixture
i'm but you know something i'm not interested in what you think because i've
been in the business for 30 years and quite contrary to what you say i have great
ratings and i'm making a lot of money and i'm very successful and i didn't
consult with you first okay but you're entitled you're entitled to your opinion but i'm not
interested in you got lazy and you just don't want to do the work to put a
topical talk show no i know that's got nothing to do with it the fact is that it's boring okay it
was boring to me and the fact that w-n-w-s just went off the air within their
plane now the 1940s music has to tell you something doesn't it sir let's get that's
get to w-n-w-s okay rest in peace all right w-n-w-s or did you
did you listen to that when it was on uh yeah i did yeah i didn't like that much either yeah
what do you like here what is it that what is it that you do like they didn't have any talent
uh now get a w-n-w-s talent who would you say is talent what they did was a very positive move
because what they had to do uh you say the snow the brain damage snowbirds are coming down
yeah here when it comes to brain damage we finally got to an area you have some expertise in
129 at w-i-o-d we have an open line in brodered 524 there he has ladies and gentlemen all you
just missed him your buddy just waved but he walked by very fast you're safe my amy hi a meal yes man
time check him uh needle up and listen to you when you first start at w-s oh god
well yeah but you were very good you know that's what i used to be good well they're not bad now now
uh but um i was gonna ask Tom and i was listen to when you said discussing
avoid these talk shows of failing and are you know in the wrong country are they really trying
to get rid of mostly talk shows nobody is get trying to get rid of any radio station owner in
America would put anything on the air that worked talk shows are not working now people have
burned out on the topics there's only a few topics and as Neil said there's only a few guests
who can articulate them very well they all have the same people they recycle them you can't sit day
in day out hour in hour out listening to the same all stuff do you think that there's anything in
the world that can be said new on the topic of a blusher anything that could be said new in the
topic of gun control anything that could be said new on what the United States should do in the
Middle East are capital punishment yeah and meanwhile that's versus the right and then that's
what these programs trying to do yeah but at time some of these people like Neil and uh you know
Jerry I've been in a business 30 and 35 years and now WMW MRZ still have them so I mean you know uh
still has what 30 30 years experience what does that mean well I think the paper of experience
show a lot in the business okay have a wonderful day 131 we had a perfected their
Pembroke Pines hi Neil yes sir hey and nobody congratulated you on yesterday showing for a
Monday that was on the wow we're still writing the time from Friday I think the audience is on a
roller coaster I think maybe that's it I got something I wanted to direct something at time I
he made a statement in the first hour you know he said how many you know you were talking about
the racing and how they had you know people would go back just to see you know a horror accident or
or a car at Indie how many go to see just the crash do you think that doesn't that come to play in
in the recent events with the hockey do you think a lot of people wanted that hockey game to see
the fight and not so much I was a small part of it that might happen during the game I don't think
this I don't not the game that we had here I mean it just was a happening it was a one maybe once
in a lifetime thing because right now the thing looks pretty shaky I don't know what nobody's
behind it to for permanency but yet I think a lot of people might have went down there because
they wanted to see everybody do it out no I think a lot of people go to hockey games to see that
in general but I don't think that particular game is a good example okay I got one question I
want to aim at talent I'm I think people go to hockey games in Toronto now it hopes that we might
win another game this season but I wouldn't I wouldn't know of my breath well I'm an islander fan
well I am that you can relate to yeah right I'll tell you it might not be the worst thing in the
world supposedly there is another Wayne Gretzky the first draft choice this coming year oh that's
right Toronto traded it though to Jersey they don't have a draft choice okay okay really the next
Wayne Gretzky supposedly coming out this year what I got one question I'm not I'm not one of those
one tenth of one percent of don't own a TV however I probably watch a TV less than two hours a week
and that's basically because I work midnight and I stay up like during the day when I get home
in the morning too I listen to Neil and I'm home I'm up to about three then I sleep from like three
to nine I don't you watch the news ever a football game maybe some football on a Sunday
you know maybe a one game would be more than two hours a week but anyway I watch very little TV
and there was a show on years ago that I don't understand why they took it off and the network
would never answer to why they took it off they just said it was you know this is to take it off
and it was very popular it was called the days and nights of Molly Dodd can you tell me what why
they the day time cable network now and they're canceling it well why it was so popular back then it
heard it in her it like a thirty five share from she is and took it down to about an eighteen
share and then the L.A. law would come on and it will go back up to a thirty share that's pretty
clear rejection okay well I guess I was you know I don't get me wrong I'm making a quantitative
judgment I thought Molly Dodd was terrific too I thought it was great I don't know I don't
mean yet ratings but I understood from the reading the papers and like people magazine and stuff
after they took it off the they would leave you to believe that they they couldn't understand it
either because the show had high ratings it didn't have high ratings you never read that anywhere
oh yes sir and reasons is because of the fact that she was an attractive woman and she attracted
a you know she had a large male backing audience now that's that's what well he died never had
a large audience and you never read anybody you knew anything about television say that
okay well I just was curious about why that show I probably said it was a good show but they
never said it was a high rated show okay Tom and it's on it's still on lifetime yeah well I
guess I don't get I don't even I barely get three channels here and I don't turn them on 99%
of the time anyway okay well thanks a lot for answering my question okay one thirty four on
all intellect radio six ten WI the intellectual we gotta give you a little bit of that in because
people are have avoidant their lives we have an open line and brownered five two four that works
five times Jesus it looked like a minute where I just had a guy I was a guy I hope not
no why would he be on financial it wasn't Roy but it looked just like he don't say that Roy's
good but I don't want to look at him he just did something about him twenty six till two at WIOD
and we'll be right back twenty two till two our new neutral system post-u-child Johnny darkis
in the building looking slim and trim and still got the same idiotic shirt on from came
arpeggio looks great let's go to bokeh hey Neil yes sir I'd have Tom a couple questions
shoot Tom how long have you been listening Neil Rogers me yeah I listen to you on KAT how long
goes that okay long enough I meet two wasn't a great way to do topics yes it was fantastic and
and he's good doing this and now now I know to someone walking around the hallway gonna go say
he's sucking up to Neil but I got a couple of I may know you know I've been a fan of his for years
yeah so what do you what do you think's gonna happen to Rick Riley's numbers when Steve can get
back on the air I don't think that Steve will have that great an impact they're really know that's
a it's a station that only has a signal in Browell County I think Steve will have an impact in Browell
it not the same audience yeah he'll get yeah I think they're they're what they're doing now
primarily appeals to the lower end of the 18 to 34 demographic I think Steve plays a little bit
older than that I would say if you asked me the average age of of their audience I would say it's
about 22 23 yeah serious I would I'm not I'm not trying to be a smart at here and I want to label
this clearly as my opinion because I know someone's gonna come in and probably come up with all
of sorts and that's my opinion I would say 22 you listen to the people who call into the show
that's how I judge I would say can you do audiences probably closer to the 35 to 40 bracket well I
do listen to Rick and such show on occasion but you know what it is very I know you're not gonna
agree but it is very close to what you do because again it's just another fun show and you're when
you do it it's like you pick you know you pick through the day for that and then here comes
and you're kind of tune in around trying to find something something else because let's face it
since we've been listening to you for so long we like to have a little issue or a little topic
well I you know I am going to disagree because first of all afternoon drive jury Williams proved
that years ago and he didn't do you know bananas split in your pants but he did mostly humor in the
afternoon here's a guy's been doing heavy duty topics and and has gone back to doing in a Boston
for like 35 years now but when he was down here he learned very fast he said in the afternoon
and the traffic and the heat down here the last thing people want to hear is screaming and yelling
in afternoon drive and he was absolutely right he had a five six in the afternoon his last book here
and an afternoon drive that is an enormous number it's incredible I remember used to come in
some days and go I don't think I'm gonna talk to anybody today yeah talk before I was he'd be
anticipating you know what I do think that when teen was back on there after you kneel it was
a well-rounded show a well-rounded whole IOD was really well-rounded I was one of the guys that
was bashing came but that's free left you know where else to go and then you brought in Bennett
and then it was like from two o'clock I'm like radio but I just wanted to you know figure out
what Tom thought about what's gonna happen is radio that thing they're gonna get hit a lot harder
than you guys say well you just don't understand the nature of that radio station the signal is only
in Broward County I mean you know maybe if you're on a hundred and eighty third street you might be
able to hear it but for the most part it's a Broward there's another thing you're missing too and
that is that you know what a lot of management people don't understand is you have the ability to
expand the audience now when I went on in mid days on w i n z sandy and l were on n w s in this
station in mid day and between them they had about a six share okay six and a half three five three
two whatever in the spring book of that year I had a nine share al had a two seven sandy I think
had like a two five or whatever but if you add that up that means like fourteen or fifteen
percent of the audience we're listening to talk in midday as opposed to six and a half percent
that we're listening before so it's not that you're always choosing from the they're dividing up
the same pie if you put different things on it attract a different audience you expand the
universe yeah like during during the world series is a good example the networks now a down to
about sixty six percent of the viewing audience in any given time they used to have ninety percent
but when the world series is on it is a major mini series or even a couple of good tv movies on a
Sunday night the network share of the pie goes up to say eighty eighty five percent sometimes again
so yeah so why couldn't Steve get a job at a different radio station that because we're right to you
well yeah but where where where who's gonna harm yeah sure there's nobody doing talk
this is like you guys do but with space and he not only does he have a good folly he had decent
numbers no but but wait a minute wait a minute once you don't understand is nobody is doing talk
with the last serious talk station just went off the years you know a few days ago who's gonna
hire him he talked to QA and they already just changed format a few months ago are they gonna go
out and hire an entire talkstance so they can put Steve on a year no and the thing with FTL again
they're playing big bands his show on there is so in congress it's it's it's a way it could be one
of a kind in the country but the fact is they're so desperate for money that they're willing to
to prostitute the airwaves to put him on when it's gonna be their benefit and to his because he
needs the job he needs the money and he's gonna do great over there compared to what they've been
doing they got a point eight mid-day in the summer and summer book it's like K18 now you know
the broke it station one how you have a guy doing a program in Haitian the next how you have it
doing in Spanish I mean it's two different audience in addition to which and I said this when I
was on Zade in the morning I said it even before then the FM programmers in this market are so
stupid if somebody had a brain which they don't they would put talk on FM in this market which they
been doing in Philly for years with WWWDB they'd have that younger demographic already locked in
there most of whom already are on the FM band they could kick ass in this market with an FM talk
station we proved that it's Zade in the morning and the people in this market are too stupid that's
why you got love 94 where they're jazz and you got a lot of these other mark like Waxi over there
continuing to try to bang their heads the coast is beating up on them destroying them and it still
keep trying to they're doing the same thing the sub-destructed just like WNWS was doing that WCAU
and Philly they'll be used to be a giant and talk they just dumped out of it they're doing all
like QIS anything anything anything possible I mean I remember when comedy was dead on television six
seven years ago then Cos became a long and that drama's dead you know everything moves inside
if I could tell you what was going to work five years and now I'd be making his $1 a year as a
consultant like Neil yeah right and a great day very Sullivan yeah sure markets down 12 points
let's go to Miramar hello yes sir Tom yeah what do you think of the radio banded on
on ocean he sends me tapes unsolicited and I get I just got a tape the other day from I'm with
a note saying this is the last one I'm sending if you don't review me and I I don't find them all
that funny I think the American comedy now he's got some clever stuff but just because he sends
me tapes doesn't mean that I'm not a review I can't think of a reason to review on how many people
you suppose the listening to that show okay oh of course it was him that's why I was just
awaiting from neither a say something or choke did it which I think it ain't Goldberg so anyway in
the last year if you were buying WFPL in the afternoon you can get off for about $40 a spot yeah
so I have to say no Steve's getting a hundred he says I don't meant I don't I didn't know he was
going about 40 dollars a spot I heard somebody about the rates I just said I clarified no that's
Steve Steve's guy is old all sponsors and he thinks he you know he says he's getting a hundred oh
well that's a hundred yeah he said he he said he was getting about 200 here so he's telling him
that getting Steve came for half price it's 2500 spots what do you mean at 40 dollars a pop
well I know what he mean no he says he's get no not that he's making a hundred grand he's
charging a hundred dollars per spot that's what he says yeah okay but I'm just telling you what he says
I'm just telling you what the what the economics are well you know it strikes me it's certainly never
been tried to a story like that you're gonna check with a couple agencies because you know they do
that on national media stories about projecting shows and things like that they go to agency media
directors and find out what the markets play with Steve Steve is not going out in the street really
he's going to all the people that he used to have here and this you know there's almost like a
relationship there and maybe if he if he gets the hundred now I'm sure whether he continues to
get it will depend on what kind of traffic he said it was a tragedy Saturday oh god I cried I
said you know it was just awful I was in the year with favorite place watching it oh yeah sports
book oh no kid which one I was at the hill how they react out there a lot of disgust and you know
unhappiness people didn't leave they just moved over watch football games and bet on those instead
yeah that's how it was you know I was I was at Belmont and there was some people who got up and left
yeah oh yeah a lot of years in their eyes I mean it was it was a legitimate emotion it was
because that was the race that was everyone was looking for and and and and it was a firm
then Aledar all over again until that happened you know high-neil yes I heard axel on Sunday on ESPN
and he made the comment that they had that the usual complainers hadn't complained about the track
condition there and of course that we know people like Jolly want now yeah who normally are the
first ones the moan if things aren't right and they and in fact some of them thought that the track
condition was pretty good so I guess that's a question that really goes well you know go from one
in my mind broke down because she was trying to lie the other horse took a hot attack right third
horse tripped over the horse and took the hot attack and of all people to be complaining a lot
it's Wayne Luke yeah who has probably broken down more horses than any race track on earth yeah
but now he can go back to his own as a blame on the track right I mean you know Wayne has always
been a better salesman than he has been a horseman yeah so I'm doing great yeah Saturday where
you're gonna be Saturday yeah I don't know Friday night I'm gonna be a pop it out the breeder's
crown yeah I kind of like to come up you know I've been trying to get them to do a thing up there
but I haven't heard anything of course you know I was gonna grace his with his presence up there
who is mr jica well I may just show up myself okay but however I know nothing about these you
know about these trotters and pain you know what like the joke what do I know about hockey that's
always the best way trust me so Neil I'm gonna be depending on your guidance wait you gotta
chance to get even now yeah yeah I have I'll have Steve do the picture in the program uh I think
yeah how's it gonna feel feel working for y100 that's uh that's very funny I can just see
Hank and athletes flip back inside that would have a great act yeah yeah well put your own throne
well would put it be on a sideline analyst or I guess yeah you take Henry Barras but unless he
sits in Rick's chair that he's in trouble and maybe he can get Henry back in that's one way to
get him back in a straight yeah yeah okay have a great life Hank hey Neil yeah I'll see you
Friday night will you be there I will I'll leave a thing in your box okay okay thanks
149 well don't let me forget to leave this big day thanks box yeah you and Hank can be
dates for tonight couple of real good race track degenerates anyway you want some incredible wings
I mean they could practically make you fly wings plus Johnny Dark knows he's nodding as Eddie said boy
when I get off this neutral system in just a short time when I'm slim and trimming like Svelte
with my girlish figure I'm gonna start digging into just gobs of wings plus buffalo style wings
and those great cats feel mountain style garlic make you feel with those cats feel wings like
you're in Monticello punch in your brain they're gonna close down like I said they have a mild
medium hot extra hot and barbecue and you dip those in at blue cheese and you're just in heaven the
greatest wings in the history of the human race also great hero sandwiches like that steak and cheese
and all kinds of other great sandwiches like chicken breast turkey tuna ham and cheese seven ounce
burgers bacon cheese burgers chili dogs great seafood they're tripping the basket or a Steve
would say shrimp in the casket fish per lace sandwich fried clams and clam chowder it is all sensational
he thinks I kill it yeah he'd be two at the same time I can't wait to hear that again Steve
clean up your act okay at least see I don't have to put the cozy over the mic but with Steve kind
of like jewels all over the thing and don't forget the great specials at both wings plus locations
every Sunday all the wings you can pick out on just five dollars and 45 cents all day Sunday at
both wings plus locations eighty seven west prospect road for lottery and ninety eight eighty west
samper road in oral springs both of them open seven days a week both offer free lunch and dinner
delivery in their areas call seven seven one ninety eight seventy seven or seven five two forty four sixty four
the unbelievable wings plus one fifty four at WIO D high alia yeah Neil yes sir yeah listen
I'm not a great fan of the ocean but I have to say one thing at least Neil's the only one in this town
that says something about Rick Weaver and I wanted to ask your guest what's the way back come out with it
with an article on this scene our guy we have to listen to this guy scream people on on on the broadcast
you know he's no hairy carry he's gone by his time well I'll tell you what I'm not I did actually
I did a piece on Rick Weaver I did when I was at the Miami News I did a TV book cover story on him
before one football season and it was a very fragile piece matter fact he sent me a note
thank him before it and then right after that he got mad at me for some reason and we've never
spoken again I don't know why I'm you know maybe you know maybe you know maybe he's a friend of
ricks maybe he'll think maybe he'll know yeah at Robbie's kid on the year well he deserves it kind
of broadcast and the jerk like this I mean come on well I say come out of what you missed your jerk
to use no matter what you think of weaver and I told you that you know I personally I'm not that
big a fan of his he does a good play by playing I'll give you a good example yeah two weeks ago in
the dolphins were playing up at the Thursday night game the only way I could get it on the satellite
was on the Mexican satellite and there's a slight delay about a one second delay and so I put IOD
on the listen to the sound because I don't speak you know no no speak at his Spanish so Rick
Rick was actually calling the play so quick that he was beating the one second delay and I knew
what was going to happen before I saw it he does call a good game forget all the other business
he calls a good game well you never sat in the stadium and watched the player because he's not
calling for you people that are not even on the field well then you have you have something you
saw something like if you're going to cut a guy like like the guy in the afternoon here who's done
doing a show which I think it's good I didn't cut the guy in the afternoon why do we gonna get
that straight you know what this issue is not about me cutting him the issue is that I didn't say
was God Linda Thornton once said he was mildly amusing and he ripped the hell out of hub because that
wasn't enough for him well I think he's very amusing I think he's a good I'm sure well why do you
can listen to Steve King cut the whole roll down well that'll be my first choice yeah yeah
well that that these guys like to each other be boring but wouldn't it thank you okay
and no company say about a guy who likes Rick Riley and doesn't like Rick Weaver
one fifty six at W.I.O.D. here's a mobile in West Palm Beach yeah hello yes sir two quick
comments on the question one I think Neil has probably got the most amazing sense of radio he
knows when it changed the show and that for that two recon says now we thought that one of the
the best things they do is a lot of their humor is visual and they're doing it over the radio it's
like David Letterman kind of like when he used to put the channel 10 news on WNWS yeah well
it's both better the question I had for you was you keep talking about issue oriented talk being
dead there's a guy up here I know he goes down into at least a decimal date Jack Cole who does a
kind of strange show issue oriented I wonder what you thought of him I don't I've heard his show
from time to time I've even been a guest on it I'm not a big fan of it I always I always thought
at least it gave a different angle to the to the issue stuff it wasn't as serious I mean issue
talk isn't dead everywhere it's there are some places where it works but it doesn't work the
way it used to work here yeah I mean like in California W ABC has what they consider issue talk
it's it's so saccharine in bland no you can't listen but you know what they'll tip off in this
market is I was just thinking about what the caller saying about up there the tip off in the Miami
Fort Lauderdale market is with the gigantic older audience that we have here and they still even
in 12 plus which includes up to the age of 300 they still don't have a big number so when you
consider the fact that you know we do have that bizarre demographic that's old and they still
weren't cutting it it's history boy it's uh well yeah you have the older and then you have 40%
of the market and no secret right and I mean it this is really one of the strangest markets in the
country because in the other markets where you have large Hispanic populations New York LA and
some of the place in Texas the Hispanics aren't as wed to their language they're all trying to
learn English where in this market you can do very well without ever speaking the word of English
and a lot of people do and they listen to those radio stations there are more successful Spanish
language radio stations here than anywhere else I don't I don't think New York has more than one or
two stations and they're insignificant and and probably in terms of people they're probably
more exciting than New York yeah yeah you just don't hear it but yet here because the Cuban
population is kind of built in insular culture they do very very well.
Neil thanks a lot okay the mighty show was one of the best thanks thanks okay we're just about
out of time thank you mr. Dick has been really a really a great day yeah you got a lot of
healthier is after yeah firstly some of the early calls one in particular all of a sudden times
health came bouncing back see a Friday night at pompato yeah look at our punch our guts out make
millions of dollars and then just go laughing at everybody by our own radio station would you please
write something nice about Rick like Rick Weaver or Rick Shaw or even yeah everything you know
Dr. Jean Glenn former vice president of CBS Research Lab and Janet Van Ransberg who sounds like
she might be related to Heinrich Himmler she's the editor of Video Times magazine they'll be here
to talk about the latest video gizmos and exciting payphone challenge 14b is they pour 400 pounds
of Hershey syrup into Tom jikas pants this afternoon and then turn loose African kill a beast exactly
and Joseph Gackie and Sunny Hirsch on sports talk at 605 followed of course by the one the
only of us we talked about her at a minimum and thank god for that Randy Martin female comedians
and the latest fashion trend body piercing we can only hope that Randy's gonna be the first
guinea pig right on the air tonight and you'll hear it exclusively
