We don't work together. There's no reason we need to be friends.
So he came in here. Apparently was not feeling well. He sat down. He said, I have nothing to say.
Nothing to do. I'm going to open the phone lines. Give everybody a minute. I'm not going to say anything.
And I ripped him for a half hour. You know, it would be great, which I know we don't have in the building.
Oh, we might. It's a radio station close to it. You know, those halls meant to look this.
Yes. Boy, why don't I have a table? You mean some of those, Neil?
Yeah. Do you have something? I will go and search.
No, I'm not going to be halls, mental. No, but it can't be something with sugar in it like life.
Like a lasage. Yeah. Just for you. That would be great. Okay. Then I could make it till
a cloud. I'll be back. And then you guys could do two to six. Oh, excuse me. Okay, 1047.
I something's going on. I use. See, he's gone. Now you get. Yeah. What?
Look for some car. No, putts. Sit down. No, I'm fine. This is warm. So what happened Thursday? He was in a bad
mood. He was at a pretty bad mood. Yeah. About what? I don't know about what? Why?
Generally, I just said when I was going out the door out of the main door here, we kind of came face to
face. He did an above face and went into the next office and stood until I left with you. Oh, man.
I, gee. What does he want to kick your teeth into? Why? I certainly hope so. Boy, trying to have a sore foot
by the time he gets to. So I don't know what the deal was. Everybody Jim Robinson,
the V. Matt Jim. He's a new guy who books guests on Alex's show and one thing and another. He was
upset and even was upset. And I never saw a new guy that books his guests. Well, what's he going
to do now? I don't know where he come from. I don't know. Nice guy. Yeah, but out of work.
Right? Well, come on. Say something could possibly be. I don't know. I'm not trying to put words
in your mouth. I'm just trying to put your teeth back in your mouth. Okay, that he's going to kick
down your throat. But it was a lot of things. I just noticed for the first time we have a big teeth.
Yes, symmetrical. Good teeth. If you ever put them together, it would say something. Okay, it's 12
minutes till 11 is the mystery continues at W. I. D. The world's best pizza. The world's best
Italian goodies at pizza loft. I understand through the grapevine. Yes. I just continued his excellent
work while you guys were here. Definitely did that and filled your skinny faces. I was going to say
fat faces, but neither one of you is fat. All of you keep it up. You will be. And you're just
going to love the pizza. I mean, it doesn't get any better. Everything is made free. Why?
It doesn't look good. How bad? Why? What have you seen? You saw my number still?
Well, what is overall from a 4 1?
Let me get the actual. Well, no, is it down from a 4 1? How much?
Do we need like how much? How much lower can it get? How could it go down to a 3 something?
Two? I don't remember the. Well, go get it. Don't stand here. There he goes with his rumors again.
It's stinking fat rich boy. I told you the book is going to be bad. Wow. Oh boy. So when
you guys start anyway 10 52 at WIO D Miami. Well, Neil. Yes, sir. This is Roberto Clemente. How you
don't, Roberto? I want you to do your heart of favorite and switch to the pirates. Yeah. Good luck
to you. Neil, they look pretty good though this weekend. I got to be honest with you. I am calling
here from Kendall. I have to congratulations for Alex Benetees. He's going to be our new assistant
manager in charge of French fries. Good. Well, he's looking for something. You know,
a job. We have a little paper hat and a little triangle hat. We'd like to ship to him and
bet him put that on that little ball. Your cruel guy, Roberto, okay? That plane crash must have
done him to you. I have been following every time. I have been following the WIO D sawed
a gravely. Yeah. And the peers that WIO D had hired somebody who apparently has its
tremendous complex, a very insecure person. Who I thought honestly was about to lose it over the
year. Really? He was that man. You know, the thing that I find amazing is all I'm asking is what
happened on Thursday and nobody will tell me they keep making generalizations, but nobody will
tell me what the man did in this chair. Although I noticed there's little marks and spots, but
I'm not sure what they're from, you know? Well, as far as spicking spots go, I noticed that
spots that's most I've never heard him talk. I thought I knew. He's wound up like a ball of fire
today. I guess it's nice to have a job again. No one hit what it is is once you got Rick out of the room
to go get those. Yeah. Yeah. He's intimidated by Rick. You know, how the bird used to say I was
intimidating. Well, it's the same thing with these guys. He's intimidated by Rick Riley.
Well, I do hope and I'm not insinuating anything, but I hope they do find employment
like very soon. They were excellent on Waxi, but I think they're much, much better now because
they're given the opportunity to talk and they do it quite well. Yeah. Mahl, what can I tell you?
Didn't get a card from Ricky Tiki, by the way. I'm a little disappointed. He sends his best. I'm sure.
Okay. Neil, welcome you back. Okay. Thanks a lot. Say hi to Danny Murtau, former. Okay.
1054 WY. Oh, geez. Oh, should I get out the dead? It was really bad. It is.
He's not staying. It must be. What is this? Well, wait a minute. Where's the first page?
Oh, I guess you don't know. Oh, my God. Look at that from a five two in the fall book to a three eight
from a third to 10th. This is the overall numbers. Well, that's the lowest number in a dog's age.
A three eight boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. They didn't give me the first page. They didn't bother. I don't know why.
CMQ FM beat us. Well, let's see. Where's wins? Wins had a three four. We just barely beat them.
How about W snooze? How did they do? They went from a two nine to a two two.
Who Zeta from a one seven to a two three now we better check out GTR from a two one in the fall book to a two oh. So that's that's spin.
That's flat, but boy from a five two to a three eight like the whole audience has disappeared. The entire audience disappeared.
Well, I hate to break the news to you, but I'm not going to make excuses. I already did that before I had my stroke.
I went through the whole business about all the changes and the insistent
jerking around with the audience. Mornings five five to a four nine.
Boy, we're going to start a death knell in midday. That'll be next.
Renery had a four nine. Well, it's not too bad. Not great.
But I think in the last trendy at a four eight so he went back up.
So on issue we must have gone in the toilet boy. We must have gone in the toilet. Man, you guys better stick around.
And the one else midday who be this or in the morning life.
Ornieri went from third to fourth in the morning. That's not so bad. That's not bad.
No, especially when the whole station had a death knell.
And do you think there was a big drop in the afternoon?
Do I think so personally?
Well, I don't have one. I don't know. Huh? It was only one book. So I don't know.
Well, what is this? Okay. I'll say, yeah, I think I'll write that down.
This is I call him and stay away from me. January, February and March.
Now when did he come here? It came January. Alex Kim in January. Late January. Yeah.
So he was here most of the book. Yeah. Like more than two thirds. Well, say two thirds. Yeah. Okay.
I had a five, three and the last trend. It could be under a five. What would that be? A death knell, huh?
But we don't know. Wonder they kept calling and say, hey, don't hurry back. Stay out as long as you want.
Is this bad? A little bit. A little bit what? Oh, no, that's not that bad.
6.0 to a five. One. Well, that's up. What was the trend? A five, three. Hey, listen,
it's better than a chop liver. Okay. When the station goes in the toilet from fourth to fifth,
that's midday. This show 6.0 to a five. One. Call a bird. Get him back.
Now, don't start that crap, man. No way. Oh, God. Talk about having bad health.
Life had a nine, six and midday. I don't know. These are boring, aren't they?
Why do I give these numbers? No, no. Huh?
Nobody cares except the people who worked there. Like at this. Oh, I wonder how did
Calder show up in the morning here? I'm sure he's listening. Yes. One, one to a point seven,
but then he was gone the last part of that. Yeah. It was about the last month. What a bit of a, yeah.
So the only number they've had above a one in the morning was when he was there. And of course,
they treated him like cramp, but he'll go into that when he comes on the show. Who else?
Well, Vue Del called me at home too. Greg Vue Del, nice. Yeah. In fact, yeah. And he said,
I miss you ripping us. So Greg, you're a douchebag. They had from a two six to a two five in the
morning. They're 12 plus on gloves 94. Anybody else? There's nobody else in the market. Is there? How
did the Debbie Ellis or who's on midday? Debbie Ellis? Yeah. I had a five one. Well,
the station had a three eight and I had a five one. Hey, listen, I'm not going to complain about
that. We still got the top number on the station, right? Still working. That's the bottom line.
Oh, look at that. Two five to a three six midday on love. Now is that Irene Richard went to midday?
How long go that? I don't lose on their mid days. I don't think she's been there that long. Nice
go. And Irene will give you credit for boys. They don't want eight to a two seven. They've turned
the corner man. So who believes these numbers? There's nobody listening to that station.
They're still playing CCR every two minutes. WNWS midday two seven to a two six. Oh, how did Alice
Rand tell do in the morning? That's the question. Okay. One moment, please. Let's see if we can get
down that many pages six to 10 a.m. The motivation station got a point six. Let's hear it for them.
They got on the list. K T had a one in the morning. Where is Alice? Oh, Alice had above a two.
I don't know. Wait a minute. This has got to be a mistake. Just a minute. I must be seeing
you think. Oh, here it is three one to a two one. So that is kind of a precipitous drop. When
you drop a whole point, you only start with a three. You're not doing too great, right? That's
right. You know, when you got a six in your drop of point, that's so bad, right? No, you bounce back.
You feel good. I doubt it. I feel I don't think we're finished. Anyway, that that's going to do it
for this hour. A guy named Chuck on a hotline. Well, that's what I'll for off the year. For on the
year. Okay, we'll find out who gave him my number in just a minute. Anyway, who's doing news?
Henry Barrows doing those Henry still here just like clockwork, just like the mold on the floor.
And then we'll come back with more depressing numbers at 1105.
If these people ever appear again on this radio station, I'm walking out the floor.
Oh, excuse me. You'd bad. Oh, that was awful. Why not? Just slipped down. It's 1107 and WIOD.
WIOD. NIL. Hold on. And the number is suck. The station went in the toilet. But at least we
talk about it. We're not going to make any excuses. They made all these changes. They keep jerk
any audience around. We had a good thing going here. And as much as I did, I don't want to say it
again. I already said all of this. And I had a stroke, you know, Kane. I hate him like poison.
Impossible to like. He's a pain in the ass. His guests were repetitive and boring. But he had a
number, a reasonable number. And we had a lot of business on there. Okay. He did well. Station was
kicking ass. And they started screwing around, messing with success. They got a history at all
these stations in this market, changing and changing and change. So when you guys start, it's 1108
at WIOD. And no, that would be a great change. That would be a good change. Who's going to give
me a soda, by the way, died. Oh, the average for me a soda, died coke, caffeine free. What is it?
What is that? Well, what is that? Oh, men 25 to 54. I had an eight six from number one to number
two. But that's not just the number I need. I have to have the women to have to have the overall
25 54. It's not in yet. Adults 25 to 54 because I'm sure that I blew my bonus. Boy,
I'll cry right on the ear. But that's a great deal. You went some, you lose some. Yeah, we just
don't have that loyal audience like they do a WQBA. Now, who the hell is this guy in the bad line? Hello.
How are you, Neil? Okay. Glad to hear you. Who's this? My name is Chuck. You know me by sight. You
would know me by name. Really? Yeah. But yeah, I've been in a couple of your votes. I'm the Michigan
state man. Would you get this number, Chuck? That rich long time ago. Anyway, I wish he was in the room,
boy. I'd give anything if he was in the room. That rich gave you the hotline number.
What you're soda before you bitch him out, okay? Oh, man. I was in the station Thursday when
Alligis is having his cramp on the air and even gives my home number out to people. He was very
Epstein my home number. I couldn't believe it. I just almost had a relapse at the house. I couldn't
believe it. This voice is going on and on and I'm so concerned about you. I said, who the hell is
this? Very Epstein. Don't you recognize my voice? It would be like Gilbert calling me at home,
you know? I was at all the hospital. I'm getting calls from callers. That would be very enjoyable.
Anyway, what's up, Chuck? I was sitting in the state. I'm Chuck. I know. I've only been
enjoying being on this afternoon, I guess. God help us all. Yeah. I was coming to 95. I was working
to work. You think a 3-8 is bad guys? Wait till you see what happened with Joey on here.
Remember the number is it's she? God help us all. You could do a 1-8 easy. By the way, the afternoon
3-5 to a 3-3 and a night 2-8 to a 2-6. Thank you, Melvin. You're a gentleman, a scholar and
a Jewish. What is it, sir? So we can't be all bad. I just wanted to let you know what I witnessed
the balances on the air ramp on Thursday. You were here? I drove by the station. I happened to be
going by and he was just happened to be going by, right? And you know, I figured I'd come in
and be in the audience and just listen for a little while, kill a little time. I weighed in the lobby
then about 20 after 2. It comes down and gets me. I get to the door and Alex says, I'm in no mood
for this. I don't want any audience today. Tell him all to stay the hell out. Didn't so much up
as look up at me, apologize. You're very discurdious. I mean, when your numbers are that low,
you'd better be nice to every listener you got. Yeah. So I like this act, but I don't have any
stomachs for discuracy. And that was just plain rude. But I'm glad you're back. Oh, by the way,
who was it? Give you the bat line number again? That rich. Who just sat down here? That's remote.
Oh, now I got two soldiers. Now we got three soldiers. Look at that. You gave him the hotline number.
That's a croc, sir. What do you mean it's a croc? Oh, this man's credibility on a scale of zero
minus infinity. Oh, the brain trust is running around the hall of programming. People are running
up and down the hall. The sky is falling. The sky is falling. Chicken little chicken little.
That's good. Just keep making those changes, man. Just keep changing the programming like people
change their underwear. We can make a two by the fall book. If you work real hard, is okay?
Hey, Mr. May they put a radio aerobics class from Pudestor? And they're dumping stand too,
aren't they? Isn't that the, I mean, you know, let's keep making those changes. Well, listen,
have a nice stand. I'm glad you told us about fat rich. Glide your back. Thanks a lot. You are
impossible. It was very abstin my home numbers. Did you hear that story? I got a call. I don't either.
I don't want to know them. And then he called here on the bat line. You must have given them that
number two. We need the bird back, I guess, huh? Draft from a six to a five one. But the one thing I
discover on this station, your numbers are like a buy, I said this before, like it's like an accordion.
Your numbers are a byproduct of the overall station. So you can't compare it to what you did before.
All you can do is compare it to the number the station does. So if the station had a three eight,
I had a five one. I did great. So congratulations to me, right? That's right. Right. Yeah. Damn right.
12 minutes. Isn't that right, sir? You got it. Hold on. Hey, I want to talk about the unicorn right.
Now boy, I should be okay, it's 1160. Now what is this? The latest rumor. Alex is out of town.
Warp looking for a job and we'll be back Wednesday on the year in the building back in town,
but not necessarily on the air. Oh, well, what do you make of that? I don't know. You know, it's first
Thursday. Welcome back, by the way. Oh, don't worry about me. Let's hear what you really want to see.
I want to bash him. Now I'm going to like poison. That's what you want to do. I'm done. Basha. It was nice.
He's teethed. You know, he's teeth on his goddamn throat. We know as far as Thursday's show goes,
I don't remember Thursday show it all kind of blends together. No, no, nobody will tell me what's
going on. I feel like I feel like if I remember correctly, he opened the phone for a half hour and let
everybody say what they want and what happened? Well, everybody ripped the hell out of me begin with.
And then what? And then he in turn ripped Miami and how everybody down here sucks and me went in
Oh, by the way, speaking of that, what is this about the billboard? Oh, yeah, you have billboards.
Everybody sucks. They look like crap. No, he said that they have the billboard and that there
was something in my mouth. But the controversy was they had changed the billboard because it's in
bar is open. It looked like something else. What the hell are they thinking about here? They look
like crap. I saw them. I saw the world with the Ranieri. I saw the world with you whoever did
those, whatever agency did, they should be shot. Because they're horrible. Really? Yeah, they're really.
Now, have you seen the new Neil? Wait a minute. Why did you give me a frown when you gave me this?
You already told me what they were. You already said I had eight six. What's wrong with that? I mean,
it's down, but we're dropping like a rock. That's 10 to three. That includes two to three, sir. Okay,
which may have been somewhat down. Let's see a three to seven. What they did 25 to 54. Look at
that. They went up. How do you like that? Five four to five seven up in men. Well, that's because
you had all those naked broads in here. What did I have an eight six? What are we doing in the
morning? Six five to a six three. That's not bad. We kind of held our own in men 25 to 54.
Didn't we? What did the station do? Seven five to a five night. Like I said, death now. And the
seven of midnight seven of midnight two nine to a three eight. Look at that. Stan. Got to give a
Stan something you're excited about. Neil, something very exciting happened last week. I don't know if
anybody's talked about it. Yeah, but the suds kind of always do the deep breath. Okay, now suds
did what? Suds kind of had a coming out last week. I haven't put it back. I bet his wife's excited
about that. No, I heard more from suds last week than I have ever since I've ever heard. Oh, you
mean we're speaking. Oh, yeah, you got to do a great job, by the way. Thank you. All right, don't get
carried away. No numbers are pretty bad. You know, you know, and I could do you guys were cheap?
I tried to help this show and anywhere I could. And they did a great job. Yeah. And, you know,
I hope everything works out for Alex for the best. Whatever that might be.
Yeah, Sammy, can you hear me? In other words, you wish him luck in Seattle. Then wherever you go. Maybe
he can pray to God. Dave can pray to call me too from Seattle. Yeah. See, I'm forgetting a lot of
people works for the front of ours. Yeah, really? The program director there. The program director,
as a matter of fact, we hired as an intern. And now he's a PD and has a job. That's right. In fact,
he was down here just before I had my stroke. And he was getting a little depressed up there because
the weather is crappy. And they came back here for a couple of days and he realized he liked it
up there a lot. Anyway, in closing, please. Dr. Suck, you got to know man, I could tell I
wouldn't be boring, but I could tell you stories. I'd love to hear from now till the end of the day.
I mean, they just don't know what the hell they're doing. And then I had the I don't want to go into
who the personalities, but I want to thank Dr. J Skyler. I used to have my show all the time when I
did topics at the U of M Medical Center and the behavioral research center. He is the best. I don't
know why I didn't call him right away, but I went there last week. And he was he just terrific.
And he's in a lot of good things for me and got my diet straightened out and I'm getting on the
right medication. And you know, it's going to take me a while. How do you feel? Do you feel normal?
I beg your pardon? No, I don't feel a little weak. I feel a little a little weak.
As long as you're regular. Yeah. Every day. Okay. There he goes. The legend in his own mind.
Twenty after eleven at WIODs, we come back to what do they want me to come back? We had the football
draft yesterday, which I noticed is still going on today. Here's Rick Alpo.
Thank you, sir. Okay. What is that? Oh, those could be halls meant to look off. Thank you.
There you go. Thank you very much. Oh, look at that vitamin. Vitamin seed drops.
Oh, halls. Thank you, Rick. That's nice. Natural assorted, citrus flavor.
Oh, don't make my mouth perk up real good. So I have a what in my mouth now on this billboard?
Now it's green. It used to be white. Yeah. It's a bar of soap. It's a bar of soap.
It was kind of like a kind of dubious. I use this as a matter of maybe they have that.
Maybe they're stupid around my bathroom. That's what it is. Oh, that's great. And they suck
according to him before it was ivory something. They sure now how to promote this station. You know,
if they really know how to promote, but I will say this, they were very nice. They sent my
check over with Stan every week and you know, some more than they did for us. Bob Soap
or another superstar. Hi Neil. How are you Bob? Thanks for the nice card, buddy. Oh,
welcome back. You know, Susan and I have missed you while you were gone. Thank you.
Any of us, some people do anything to get a couple of days off. Now, did that rich give you
this number, Bob? Yeah, rich gave it to me. He's incredible. He's everywhere. He's like the plague.
Well, we wish you well and hope that you feel better. Thank you.
I don't have one. Ask you one other thing. Yeah. What the hell do you want? Exactly.
I'm going to ask Disney that when I get off the air. Hi, Bob. Have a great day. Bob.
Thank you. Bob and us. They don't know what they want here. They don't know what they want.
I feel like I'm in on the Titanic like way down in the bowels of the ship, you know.
But I think they're going to make them real good move pretty soon. That's the rumor that seems
to be going around the building. Anyway, it's I think I said 22 after 11, but you can never give
the time too much or the temperature by the way. These guys know that time and temperature,
time and temperature, give it a lot, play those hits, right? Pump them out. These are delicious.
Boy, they're extremely much better. I speak already. Oh, yeah. She's like a white horse. Oh,
God. Yeah. I had three of those before I had my stroke. Anyway,
could have been the ice cream fudge cake in Pompa, no park that night.
Specs music and video has acquired. Oh, I see. I'm reading the note to me from Bill Mullen. Well,
I would be good, wouldn't it? What? No, what they have now, it's specs. They've got the
ACN cassette and CD and all the Dylan. So you can just buy those. Yeah. Well, I mean, it's not all of them,
but it's got like a whole bunch. It's got 10 to 12 ACN bits on it. And you can play it on your CD
in the car or in your cassette if you're a popper. And it's a 50 minutes long. So they're like a
whole bunch of bits that we play on the year here. And you can drive around and crank it up in the
car and open your windows. And maybe that way we'll get a little promotion. You say, hey, this is the
stuff they play on the Neil Rogers show W I O D 10 to 2 6 10 on the AM dial every day, which
would be better than those crappy billboards with that thing in my mouth, whatever it is, the cassette
is only 99. I'm a cup fan and a bud man. And I trust you are too. No, wait a minute. Oh, I see,
we got it. We didn't do that bad 25 to 54. What the hell are you talking about?
Renere estate about the same 6 5 was 6 3. I had an 8 6, which is not chopped liver. Alex went
up in the afternoon and we found one demographic where he went up a little bit. What does that mean?
Is he still leaving? Pretty good. Then why can't we say something? Okay, I mean, this audience
of this radio station has been jerked around so much the last five or six months and they're just
they can't handle it. They don't know they got to have a scorecard. It's like the draft yesterday.
We had what 2000 people there. That's our cue. That's the whole audience of the station. Was
there for the draft? Boy, they're in their office right now. Oh, can't we tell football? When
this football start? Can we play some extra games? Miami, Dave County, wherever the how you are.
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Mr. G here. Hey, how you doing? G good. Good to hear your voice.
I'll bet. Hey, listen, I just want to thank Alex for letting us bash him. That was really nice of
him. He finally stood up and took it like a man. Really? Yes. He didn't handle it too well,
but at least he let us. That's what freeway and spigots said too, but that's another story.
How about them? Cubbies. Yeah, they're struggling. But last year we were 7 and 9,
the first 16 games. Now we're 6 and 7. So, you know, you know, who I saw the way after getting
some good pitching. We just started hitting the ball. Yeah, I saw Ron Santo. Yeah, he's doing the radio
now. Bernie Banks. Uh huh. Louis up ratio. Oh, here we go. John Kissinger. Yeah. Fergie Jenkins. Uh huh.
Neil Rogers. Yep. All great men. Yeah. And Wayne Fontana and the mindbenders. Say hi to the guys.
Okay. See you. Bye. Boy, he's good. Any? It's 1127 at WIO Dean. We have an opening in Dave
County. The book is a death knell WIO D from a 5 1 to a 3 8 were finished. You'll be hearing
Hungarian masierkas tomorrow morning starting at 6 a.m. In fact, they're looking at their
carding them up right now. They're carding up the music. Well, it's been a lot of fun.
Been a year and a half for me. You know, I figured I'd come back one day after my illness and,
you know, say goodbye. Good day to come back. Yeah, it was. Oh, this is this will really put me
to this frame. I can be out of month now. Tell me I had a relapse from the numbers.
Uh, what's Boka? Welcome back Neil. Thank you. Okay. Yes. I've got a story about Harry
returning to work after his stroke. Oh, he was out a long time. Well, and it goes back to 76
when he was the white socks announcer. He used to sing take me out to the bowl game to Jimmy
Pierfell. Yeah. And Bill Vec put a public address microphone in the booth. I know the story. He's
told it a good times. Yeah. Okay. Well, I know. Bill Vec got him started doing it with a crowd.
Right. And when he came back when he went to the cubs, the everybody started cheering Harry,
Harry, and then the cubs came out of their dugout and then the reds came out and he said he was
really moved by it. Really great. Hmm. Well, he also says, let's get some runs. And you know what?
They don't. Yeah. Love a hill. Oh, one, two, three. Later. So what else?
I agree with you exactly what you said about the Met's weaknesses. Oh, man, they are.
They're pathetic. Really? The game. What did you see the game when the cubs won eight to six and
thirteen innings? No, I don't know. And I mean, the Met's had that game won so many times.
And Mitch Williams just pulled it out of his somewhere. I couldn't believe it. I kept
getting raised. Say, okay, that's it. I was kept getting up to turn the set off and go to bed.
Huh? And he kept getting the third out. I just can't believe it. And they are defensively
so bad. And they're, you know, you can't complain about the throwing arms because they don't
have any. They can't throw anybody out. Twenty-one. Joerardy stole a base against the Met's. I
couldn't believe it. My grandmother runs faster than Joerardy. And she's dead. Yeah, Jimmy Purysok
could run backwards and steal. Yeah. That's right. No, everybody talks about the six. And they even
pitched out one player and they still couldn't throw the guy out. It's not fair. It's pathetic. There,
they are. But they got, you know, Viola's pitching fantastic and good and looks like he's coming around.
But basically that who pitched yesterday for nine days, he pitched the good game yesterday. But
their middle relief is a disaster. And Franco, I got news for you since they kicked him out of
Spain. He's never been the same. Well, this might cheer you up. It's going to be a long, it's going
to be just like it is now all year long. It's going to be over. That division is really weak.
And you've got your problems, right? Well, Don Zimmer had his problems in 1982 when he was with
Texas. Can I ask you a question? What does this have to do with Harry's stroke?
Oh, I just brought that up because when he came back, the fans were cheering for him before
the seventh inning. Oh, yeah. And they gave him, and the president called him up. Yeah.
Welcome back. Dutch. Yeah. Yeah. Dutch. Yeah. Screw him.
All right. Just want to wish you well. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Yeah. 1130. W.I. did. We really
got a roller now. Don't we? Well, you guys won't tell me at the end. The audience is the same way.
I mean, I know that some of you people are, we're listening last Thursday, which evidently was the
pivotal day in the history of this radio station. And you won't tell me what the hell I went on.
You don't know. That's that. That was a three o'clock. He came back to his senses and blames on
food poisoning. And that was it. Blamed what? Get that show? The two to three hour. And how about all
the other days? I think he was just concerned with the two to three. Oh, four lottery.
Nail. Yeah. Hey, I'm known as Hurricane Man. How you doing? Okay. But by home.
By everyone from the dances. I'm friends of your dances.
Oh, great. You know, blue slippers. Yeah. Big guys. Uh-huh. The big guy. And I've got your favorite
person on the phone. Can you can you sing Tena Tena? I got your friend Finkelson on the line.
What do you mean you got him on the line? Michael Michaels right on my
line. Well, that's wonderful. Okay, Mike. You're a great guy. But enough is, you know, okay. Yeah,
I don't want to hear about Pompano Park. Last week or anything. Yeah. Good.
Okay. Good luck. I'm glad you're back on the air. Yeah. I'm glad you're back. I was worried about you.
Yeah. I bet. The handle is down 10% since I'm out. Still another week left. Yeah. Good. Have a good
time. Okay. They had a Ron Waples and all my friends up there. I see Donald Brainer to
want to race. I got him. I had a relapse. Okay. That's why I didn't come back last Monday. So
that in the paper had sent me back a week. Okay. Okay. Hey, Kim. Say hi to your dad. Tell him, uh,
don't smoke too many cigarettes. Okay. All right. It's 1132 at W.I. Would do well. I can't
all be great. South Dave. You're the best. I know. It's so good to have you back. I can't tell you
what is this like a little love letter on the phone. Boy. Well, see, I worked the next day over
the weekend so I could have today off just a little. No, you didn't. I swear. And what if I
wouldn't have come back? Well, they said that you're going to be fired your ass. I just said I was
going to be back last week too. And I couldn't make it. I was too sick. No, everybody knew they're
going to say that just to have you just to get everybody to listen to me. No, I was planning on
coming back and I had no energy. No, we wanted to give you an extra week. I had faith. These halls
meant to look to start with vitamin. Thie. They're the best. They are. They're good. So I heard what
happened Thursday. What happened? You ready for the truth? Yeah. About time. It all took an hour and a half.
Well, I didn't. Yeah. That's how long I was at home. Yeah. So hold this. Go ahead, sir. Okay.
You know, he went crazy and then he realized he was getting you know, over his head, Alex. So then
he went somewhere. He stepped into this building. He was getting you over his head. Okay. I got you.
When he sat down behind the microphone for the first time, he was getting you know, over his head.
Oh, is he coming back? Go ahead. Well, you know, after he realized he was in over his head, he said
that it was the reason that he acted that way was because he gets no support from the radio station
and he doesn't feel right being there. And that's the reason he got no support on what he didn't.
He said he had food poisoning. That was poor. Let me tell you something. What that's what he said.
Well, let me tell you something. We guys have been here two and a half months. Every time a pigeon flies
over the building and lets one go. He threatens to walk out. Now he's got no numbers. He's got no
track work. He's got nothing, you know, nothing to base that on. I mean, if you're going to threaten
people, you've got to have something to hold over their head, which I used to have kill his book came
out. After he's now going to be like, please, let me stay here. You know, well, he said to you know,
on the air, he said that, you know, he could really walk out because they had to have under contract and
make it come after him and soon. But everybody knew that was going to be. But didn't he also say
the week before that he never signed the contract? Didn't he say the day that he was going to get
on the plane because they wouldn't let him have alcohol. Steen on. He was quitting and that he hadn't
signed the contract yet. Oh, he says, you know, every day he says he's leaving. But
guess what? Well, I wouldn't be surprised. I think he is because I think Rick and Sputts
did such a good job last week. They opened their eyes. Uh-huh. And ears. And ears. Yeah. That's right.
Got on those. What else? Well, I'm on the Rick and Sputts bandwagon now.
Bless you, sir. Rick. Excellent. But they're going to be a great compliment to this show.
What's your last name again, Rick? Riley. Yes, sir. Okay. Like the life of Riley with William
Bendix. We'll be hearing it on IOD. He was in the Babe Ruth story and hit that home run into the
lower deck in Yankee Stadium on the first take. The kid died recently, you know. You know, what's
been your? No, not on the life of Riley went on Babe Ruth, who he allegedly hit the home run for
that kid. Oh, he died. Charlie Ruth as in route. Okay. Yeah. Well, thanks a lot, sir. You're
finally strained us out. All right. One for Ali. Okay. One for the Gipper. It's 1135 at WID. Okay.
I we had a little slip of the tongue there, a little slip of the copy on that, uh,
CD in a cassette at specs. They're like 50 bits on there, not 10 or 12. Where do they come up with that?
Yeah. Is that Mike on? No. Yeah. He's even good with the mic off, you know. If you spoke
once in a while, you'd be amazed. You could get like a two. And then with his two, you'd have a four.
Oh, we got a celebrity collar on here now. Hi, Uncle Neil. Welcome back, buddy. Oh,
Gilbert, would you please set up? I thought if you I said hello to you this morning on the way to
work. How about that? You said hello to me on the way to work. Yeah. Remember that? I thought
probably you were listening. But anyway, what was this? You know, this morning on what show was that?
No, you know, if Randy Martin might know, I listen to Mike Riner. No, I the only reason I
listened over there was Bill Calder was there. I don't listen to Randy Mark. I'm sure she's a
very nice young lady, but I listened to the Mike Riner show on 610 W I O D 530 to 10 a.m. I know.
I I I featuring Henry Barrows cooking report. Okay, I listened to him too, but anyway, she told me to say hello to
you and I'm very happy that you know she's very nice. He bill had nothing but nice things to say about her.
Not such nice things about management like the program director. What's his name over there?
Steve Brady. No, no, no, not the program director. The operations manager, whatever.
Bob McKay. Yeah. Dooshbag. I say. Dooshbag. And I hear the guy sicker than hell and they send him a
certified letter saying, well, since you can't come back, adios, you know, that that would have been
like by having the stroke sitting there at home trying to recuperate with no energy. And there comes
a knock at the door and it's a certified letter from W I O D saying, well, we wish you well, get
better and the goodbye. Was he not going to come back? You think Alice is going to get a certified
letter? I hope not. Oh, they're going to tell him face to face. Yeah, by the way, we listen.
Gilbert, let me ask you a question. What do you hear about Alex Bennett? Is he coming back?
Yeah, you know, he's probably went to San Francisco. I can't for a long weekend. Yeah, like he
he always say, I'm by the way, I said how lucky when I was at choice remote. You know, I've been saying
low to me everywhere. Good. I think I haven't heard it, you know. Yeah, did you hear that Friday
after? That's why I got better. No, I sure I haven't. Gilbert, have you been listening to me?
Yes, sir. Since when? Well, before when I have spoke to you last, because I know, no, I
think you know, you're in the hospital. How about today? How about today? Yes, I was starting at
what time? Read my, read my list. Read the bar of soap that's going down my esophagus.
I know, but I was really thinking when I had a big fill and you applied my car on the hotel.
I enter. Are we having two conversations? Are you listening to me? Yes. What time did you turn
the show on today? At 10.05 this morning. And what did I say that I say I have not listened to the
radio once since I've been sick? Yes, that's true. Until coming to work this morning, I turned on
Mike and listened all the way in and that's that's it. I haven't been listening. So I couldn't have
heard you with Joey or with any of these other fakers. I know, but I'm not. I'm not. I'm not.
They're all nice. They're all great. Some of our unemployed, but some of our great. Oh, and of course
Craig were then called me several times. Craig is a good friend. I don't want to leave him out of
my list. Yeah, Craig. Don't you, Gilbert? Yes, I know. And you know who told me who said to you.
Oh, and then speaking of that, Craig, I heard I don't want to say Craig told me because that would be,
you know, spilling the beans, but Paul Lyle, who's got to be one of the big douchebags of all time,
is running around at FTL a few days after I would go into the hospital telling people,
all I spoke to Neil on Friday. It wasn't a stroke and about my beep. I've never spoken to Paul
Lyle in my life. If he walked in the door right now, I wouldn't know him. I might kick his teeth
down as God damn throat, but I wouldn't know him. And Paul, what the hell are you talking about, man?
I just another radio big mouth. I spoke from last week. Well, Callamy said douchebag, Gilbert.
Yeah, but I tell him he bites the big one. You know, I think a big grain of Melbourne is listening.
I would like to come down to the production room and make a recording. You know, there's no chance, Gilbert.
No chance. No chance. Wait, let me, I think I'm getting my strength back and took this call to do it.
All right, you know, like take me off the block. Are they, are they sitting shivvy in the conference room
for this book today, boy? They're all, oh, what are we going to do?
Hey, listen, it did drop this station, dropped like a rock from the top of the Empire State Building.
Well, you know, I hope they would promote this station up.
And over in Lakeland, the bird is saying, see, I left that back.
That's true. Yeah, that had a lot to do with it. Didn't it, Gilbert?
Yes, it did. Yeah. Thank you. Well, listen, on that note, have a nice day.
Okay. Thank you. Say hi to Joey. Okay. Bye. Oh, God. Take care, everybody.
Did you hear that at the end to his public? The man is out of control.
What's nice to see the things have changed a lot since I was sick?
1143, we have an open line in day. No, we don't. Why am I button giving the numbers out?
See, I got to get used to that because a couple of days, this will wear off.
It'll be right back to the same old, you know, symbol, bitching,
same old, right? No eating, though, no more food.
The staff will not be quite as friendly in a few days when they decide there
no food coming in this joy. None. None. Zero.
And no matter how many times I said that before, meaning erase all of that from the chalkboard.
Okay. None. In fact, I've discovered that I can't even eat breakfast.
I take my medication in the morning, I eat the breakfast and my blood sugar.
In fact, when I get up in the morning, my blood sugar goes up automatically without eating anything.
Even if I take the medication that goes up dramatically, not to a unsafe level,
but it goes well and then it starts coming down again.
No, I don't understand. Is that good or bad? I don't know. I'll find out.
But see, that's one of the good things about my having that time off is you kind of experiment
and you keep track of the readings and you stick yourself with the, you know,
in a finger's 10 million times, that doesn't look too appetizing.
No, you can't see it from take the glasses off.
They give you some kind of a device to do that or no, you have to take it.
You stick Alex's teeth in your finger.
Okay, smart ass. Do they, you know, you take a pairing knife.
You're taking all AWL and you stick it in your hand.
Okay, and the blood gushes out and you grab a drop and you stick it on your little thing there.
Okay, that's the way I would have done it. I guess okay. Yeah.
Now, what do they call them? Puts.
Champagne Lou. You stick your knife and your little thing and blood gushes out.
Exactly. Let me tell you. You guys are maniac.
You scared the hell out of me.
Why is that? Well, you better lose it.
What happened to you? You better lose some weight, sir.
I stopped eating. Well, good for you because I can't pull mother nature, my friend.
I was in a panic. Yeah. I say, go on my money and bet champagne for Ashley and the woods.
Yeah, while she's a, he's still a desperate third.
I come home. That's your third.
I'm serious note. Thank God you are all right.
I'm okay. I guess.
We're from this big guy.
Well, thank you. Almost big guy.
All the fat guys.
Have a good day.
Okay, Lou. Thank you. Boy, he was probably one of our two McDonald's.
1145 at WIOD and let's take a call.
He was on a mobile. Not exciting.
Here's a lady in Pomano.
I think.
Hello. Hi.
Hi. Hi. Hi, Mia.
How you doing?
God, I'm glad you're okay.
Thank you.
You are the only radio top show person I've ever listened to in my life.
Well, thank God for you.
I can believe when you aren't there.
And if Rachel would get up out of the chair, we can see the 25 to 54 numbers
and find out if there were any women listening.
I'm 31.
No, I don't mean you. Oh, that's great.
Perfect.
Perfect demographic.
I think a lot of us just don't call.
I think a lot of people are bringing Bill Smith and Sandy back.
We want that 90 year old audience, man.
We want the audience that snoozes all day.
I thought you'd build a word.
And it really doesn't do you justice at all.
This is our second report on the billboard.
And they say, Nish, good.
Nish, good.
Is one I hear in Pomano just not far from my house.
Where is it?
It's like a sketch, but it's a poorly done sketch.
Where is it?
Gosh, I really couldn't.
I was looking for a place to eat yesterday that wasn't crowded.
So it's like all over Pomano.
So I really couldn't tell you exactly.
But it's it's a northeast Pomano.
Yeah, I guess.
But anyway, why I called originally was to ask you.
You used to talk about days of our lives.
Did it happen to catch it last week when you were home?
No, I don't want you anymore.
I, uh...
Peter Racco's back as Bo.
Oh, I know that.
I came across it for like a minute.
But once you get away from a soap opera for a couple of years or longer,
everybody's gone.
Even guiding light I caught once in a great while.
And the fact that Roger's back maybe almost have a relapse.
So I can't handle it.
Too much stress.
Even Julie's back, Peter, on that.
Did you have me catch that?
I mean, it's incredible.
All the old people.
Like I've watched it.
Well, maybe they're rising up.
Twelve.
Yeah, some of them even come back to life.
I just I wondered if you saw him come back onto the to the
waiting wait till Papa Bauer comes back on guiding light.
That's going to make news.
Even Channel 6 will have that on.
You were never really happy with the patch situation.
You know, patch guys.
Oh, they were always fighting.
Exactly the way he came back onto the show.
Walked into a bar and patches getting beat up.
So he there they were.
Well, are they bringing back Doug and Julie?
Julie's back.
She got back like a month ago.
Really?
I don't know about the other one.
How about David?
No.
Well, I'm not watching them.
Scott, the son, David's son.
Scott.
David's son.
Yeah, Scott banning somehow they say that he's Julie's grandson,
but I thought he was her son.
Well, only the gynecologist was for sure.
Right.
Really?
Anyway, it's great to hear you back and and I'm glad I have something to do
from 10 to 2 now.
Thank you.
You have a nice day.
You too.
Please stay away from those bad foods and all that horrible stuff.
Trust me.
I won't call you again probably unless I hear you eating on the air.
The only thing that will go in my mouth beside my required diet food will be that barisope.
I'm taping the show today.
So if I hear you eating on it, I'm going to call up and play you a car.
No chance.
No chance.
See you later.
Take care.
Okay, it's 12 till noon.
The people from Channel 6 are here.
This is exciting.
Is this news?
Must be a slow day today, boy.
Must be desperate.
But I do want to thank say thank you to Barbara Sloan.
She is such a nice person.
She sent me the most beautiful plant.
Will is it Easterly?
Is it with a white thing?
You know, a big gorgeous.
She is so nice.
It's frightening.
You know, it's incredible.
Anyway, oh boy.
Here we go with the food again where you can't get away from it.
I can't eat it right now.
Okay, it's 11.52.
Boy, this book is a death knell.
Death knell.
Bring in the Hungarian maszerkas.
Boy, are they psychotic in the building?
Are they blowing their brains out?
Too bad.
Anyway, it's nice to see that the brain trust in our programming
department has really got us on the right track.
Let's take a call from Kendall.
Hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
Welcome back.
Hey.
Hey.
Thank you.
Let me tell you something.
I never thought I would be so addicted to a radio show that I would go
nuts when the host was off the air for a couple of weeks.
You want nuts?
Nuts, well, I think nuts might not be the operative term here, but, uh,
well, from what I'm hearing, there were a lot of people around here going nuts too.
Yeah, well, let me tell you, Rick and Bud sir, are they still in there?
No, they're well, one of them.
Well, kind of.
Yeah, well, let me tell you, they did an excellent job.
That's what I heard.
They did, didn't they?
Nothing like the real host, but you know, you know, as as a feeling, they did.
Yeah.
Okay, I guess they'll be on from two to six now here.
I wouldn't be surprised.
Well, I wouldn't be surprised.
I wanted to say that.
Well, he's out of the room now.
Why did you just go ahead and tell him what's that?
He won't, he won't say anything.
No, who?
Rick?
Put it out.
Rick, they were out of your okay.
Come on, I won't even tell him that you said it.
There's nothing to tell.
Yes, there is.
You just can't say it.
They're all right.
Let me ask you this question.
Is there something to tell, but you can't say it?
No, I'm asking him.
Oh, okay.
See, then you don't have to say, I won't, I won't ask a follow-up question.
That's the question.
There is there something to tell, but you can't say.
Yes.
See?
Well, they start Wednesday.
I don't think really.
Well, I'll be listening in.
I was kind of hoping for Stan to get to the six, but we know what happened.
And you know what they're going to say?
They're going to say, oh, look at that.
Been a win up 25 to 54.
Men and women a little bit there.
Let's not be so hasty.
You know, for you know, it looks like that decision to go with his.
But anyway, let me, I just want to.
I mean, from what I understand, because nobody will tell me exactly what
happening evidently came totally unraveled.
Oh, yeah, he did.
I don't know what kind of environment he was used to, but he sure wasn't
prepared to work in this market.
I'll tell you that.
They were ripping him to bits.
Let me tell you, I thought he was crying on the air.
Believe it or not, I thought he was going to break into tears, but I don't know.
Let's face it, the show sucked.
Well, now that I know that he's not coming back, he, well, he used to say that you,
he was that you were behind them all the way.
I know, Niels, behind me.
Because I had to be behind him.
I mean, we're, you know, we're a team here, you know,
when together, lose to you.
Like the Cubs and the Mets.
Well, like the Reds.
Hey, I'd like to be up.
Yeah, how about him?
Hey, that's my team, Niels.
You know, they've been selling dwellers for the last couple of years.
So, you know, you got to be, you got to take what you can get.
Okay, but like Pete Rose said, don't bet on it.
Yeah, well, uh, including Niels.
Uh, he turned out to be a real credit to the sport, didn't he?
Who, Pete Rose?
Little incompatible.
Yeah, I agree.
Never stole a freight train.
Nettin' right.
Never stole a freight train.
That's the right.
He'll be on Donnie.
I'm next with you.
Say, hey, everything's okay.
He's a good guy, you know?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It sounds boring, but I just, I had to say welcome back.
Yeah.
And tell you that I missed you.
Well, it'll be nice today.
I want it then tomorrow.
They'll be right.
I think they'll they'll nell out, you know?
We kill the whole Monday doing this today.
Thank God I came back on a Monday.
You want to know?
There'll be three calls right now.
Yeah, you want to know what really happened on what this, this,
this, this, this, this thing.
It's about time we find somebody in the honor, in the audience,
with enough honesty and courage to tell me I can handle it.
What happened?
I think that the thing really started on a Monday,
because there was, there was a show that they did.
They started out on a Monday, and they got a couple of calls from people
that were for bashing Alex, and they just said they didn't like Alex,
or what they really said was Alex.
It sucks.
The caller.
And it's right.
And so it wasn't really on the part of the host.
And then on Tuesday, they said that off the ear, though.
No, they, they, well, yeah, but that's on it.
And then on Tuesday, Alex came in at about like one o'clock,
and right after the news came back, all you heard was that little thing
that you had taped there where they said, um, if you guys say,
if these people come back in the studio, I'm leaving or something or other.
And so it's Rick and Spud declared a no talk on Alex.
He said, anybody who calls up, it says anything bad or good about Alex
is getting hung up on, and you're not going to make it on the air.
We have no guess today.
How did this happen?
I'm going home.
Yeah.
So he hung up on all the calls.
The people would go like right through a call and then they try to at the end
get in something about Alex, you know, like they're trying to be slick.
And he dumped them and they, they wouldn't make it on the air.
All right.
Can I point something out to you in the audience?
In spite of these little fluctuations here, because, you know,
I don't know what the hell it is.
But the bottom line is, there are 90% of the audience
hated him to begin with, okay?
Kane's audience is all gone.
So at this point, we have no Alex Bennett audience,
and we have no Steve Kane audience, okay?
We got the micrinary audience.
We got my audience.
And then of course Stan has got like baseball on every night.
So that, you know, like a washout, that's it.
Our quam is like six people.
So we got like what?
WFTL listeners?
Yeah.
If we keep going like this, they make, if they make three more changes,
WFTL will beat us in the next book.
So the one.
So the two to three hour on Thursday was just Alex Bennett's version.
If you remember talk radio, where Eric Bogosian went into that little loss of
reality thing where the room was spinning, you know,
and the lights went down and he didn't know what the hell he was doing.
Yeah.
And this chain smoking cigarette, that was like what Alex went through on the two to three hour
Thursday.
Great.
And it was just, you know, unbelievable.
Okay Charles, you did a great job.
Love your nail.
Talk to you next month.
Okay.
Bye.
Anyway, that's it.
Boy, this is going by fast, didn't it?
Sure is.
Did every day.
Yeah.
Easy for you to say.
Anyway, we've got Deborah Martinez who I understand is going to the big time.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Ron.
Ron, Shane John.
Twelve oh seven.
And I want to send this out to Rick Rally who's going to be the first to be the first
still looking for his degree of a Bill Wayne School of Broadcasting out in Hollywood.
Okay.
Hold on, Ron.
Week.
Very week.
Out of practice.
Anyway, thanks to Robert and Mark at Sports Card Heaven up in Davey for the, whatever the
hell it is.
It's a Cubs Cup mug.
Right?
And it's got stuff in it.
It's a slubber.
Well, it's a tumbler, but it's like, what the hell do you call it?
It's got a little bat in there which they could use at this point.
And it's got fluorescent stuff in it, you know, in the sides of it, but you can still
drink out of it, huh?
Yeah.
And here's a Harry Carey coaster to put under the tumbler.
And thanks a lot, guys.
They're, they're good guys up there.
Okay.
I guess.
Anyway, it's 1208 and WIOD.
We had a death knell in the book and that's good.
It's, it's, see, the audience feels more sympathy when you're under, you know, you can relate
to that.
Let's try Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Good to have you back.
Thank you.
Oh, I have an Alex Bennitz-Piperport.
Okay.
Alex is not out of town.
He's out of his house.
How do you know that?
Well, let's hear it.
Are you outside?
Are you with Tom Feedler now with the raincoat on looking in the window?
No, let's just have my ways and I-
Inspiring reporters at the Harold Wannano.
I just tapped my ways and I found out that he's at home.
Really?
That's right.
So he's listening right now?
I don't, I don't know.
When I said where he shows sucks.
Well, I don't really care.
I know if he was thinking I just-
I know how many of those stand-up comics can you bring on?
You know what I'm saying?
About 15,000 of them have been on my mind.
I'm just gonna stand to that.
Hey, it's got his own four hours in there.
He's gonna stand up or fall down on his own nothing, you know?
That's right.
Well, I just want to let you know that he is in town.
Okay.
Okay.
We've got it noted.
Okay.
Thank you.
Excellent spy report.
You can't pull us, Alex.
Okay.
Come out wherever you are.
Well, would that be great if we got him in here during the one to two hour with Brick
and Puts?
I don't think so.
Huh?
Oh, yeah.
Three out of four falls.
Oh, let's go to plantation.
Oh, go near.
Hi.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
It's so great to hear you sound great today.
Yeah, do I feel a lot better when I first came in.
I was a little shaky, you know?
Yeah, you sound great.
But now I feel great.
Now that I've had my halls mental looked this vitamin C drop.
Oh, great, great.
Yeah.
So you still have your satellite this up?
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, that's more lucky.
You never think a lot.
Never leaving.
I thought about you and that 8 to 6 loss to the next.
No, they want 8 to 6.
Well, we lost.
Oh, I was thinking, well, you know, that may help you recover.
I loved it.
I loved that throw by Hojo in the 13th inning.
They had that game won and then I loved the next day when Marvel win hit that pinch hit
triple with the bases loaded.
It's just a pickup of where they left off last year.
Yeah.
Well, we'll see.
It's going to be a long season.
One thing about the Cubs is just like last year, they're starting out real good on the
road.
They're 4 and 2 on the road and they're 2 and 5 at Wrigley Field.
Just like last year, they started out real bad at home.
Yeah.
Well, we got up there.
Then we straightened them out.
We'll have a good year.
Yeah.
Anyway, did you hit it so Alex, do I have to punch out the stand also?
He's trying to punch out the stand?
Yeah, there was one night that stand came in.
Well, you know, one thing I must say.
And could you see that the management has got this place under total control while I
was out?
OK, I was concerned about that.
I was a little worried, but it's nice to know that they've got everything firmly under
control.
We're going to leave stand alone.
What the hell is this thing?
What's stand now?
I love this one, though.
I've got a week to go.
See, he's hated stand ever since he got, I guess the thing with Alex is that anybody
who he thinks threatens his job, he hates.
You know, I try to give him a chance and I know several people have left.
But he's just a few of me's very good guys.
Yeah, it really is.
What's his problem?
I don't know.
I don't know.
He's a very bizarre guy.
He just cannot, and it's not just me, but everybody else I've talked to and I've made
the comment.
They say, absolutely, you can't get close to the guy.
You can't have a conversation with him.
He's like, I've just never encountered anybody.
I mean, I don't dislike him or anything, but I've just never encountered anybody like
him in my life.
He's just a very bizarre individual.
I'd be confident if he takes it out on everybody around him.
Yeah, well, I hope Rick and Sides get a chance because they really did an ad
more.
Yeah, they start Wednesday, I think.
I think they start Wednesday.
Oh, that's great.
Now I'm going to have to start.
They want to put, they want to put Joey on for a couple of days so that they'll look
real good by comparison.
Well, Rick and Sides are great.
I hope they get a spot on the stage.
They got it.
Trust me.
Oh, great.
That's great.
You got to start the pasta.
And start running around telling everybody, listen to WIOD, we need some help here, man.
You got all the help from my here.
Those billboards with that thing in my mouth, that's not going to do the job.
Have a great one.
Neil, take care and please don't ever do that for us again.
We love you.
Okay, well, listen to that.
I got the book came out.
I can't afford to be out.
Stay well, Neil.
See you later.
It's a 13 past noon at WIOD.
Everybody at the hospital, by the way, plantation general, I send them greetings.
They were all listeners.
And what can I say?
Find hospital, isn't it?
Yeah.
Very nice people.
They don't know what they're doing, but it was a fine hospital.
Anyway, we're talking about teeth before.
While coming back wouldn't be complete without...
He is still world's biggest asshole, Tom Denimer.
Tom Denimer.
Fuck it.
Fuck it.
Guess what?
Look at that.
Broward.
There's an open line in Broward now.
Oh, boy.
Woo!
1216 at WIOD, but we still got...
You got that, right, baby.
1216 at WIOD, your music way.
Ron St. John, cooking good.
Even if I'm off for two weeks myself, Eric Kessu and Fapola Oopman.
Weak talk up, Ron.
That's all the most bad.
OK, it's 1217, but that killed a good minute.
Here's a mobile on the Palm Beach line.
Hello.
Neil, I'm at the point, baby.
Oh, my God.
It's Lee, Jr.
Absolutely.
Oh, there's that laugh.
Neil, I'm glad you're finally back.
I was running out of material.
Oh, but...
Yeah.
I'll tell you what, after the tailor made your last suit, he ran out of material, too, Lee.
Better watch that diet.
OK.
Jeez.
Don't rub it in.
Listen, it may be you always would ask this, but starting Wednesday, I'm going to be
the permanent substitute host on the New Lick and Sud Show.
Really?
Well, that's what we needed some more changes around here, Lee.
Listen, Neil.
Yeah.
We need nothing.
As you can probably tell from the sound of my voice, I'm depressed.
My girlfriend left me.
She decided to finish junior high.
Off the one father just approached him on a relationship.
You know, I kept telling her, don't worry, when your dad is my angel, understand.
But really, seriously, no.
It might not be as bad as everyone said.
Absolutely.
Listen, I heard my concert last week.
I'll bet.
I guess now Rick Shaw finally got his revenge.
Did you hear about the special guest?
The special guest Rick Shaw had on the show?
No, Lee.
He was that guy from Happy Days.
You know, Hanson Williams?
Yeah.
And he said, it's a lie.
I am not a potsy.
Oh, he's been working on these.
He's been working on these for two and a half weeks.
Absolutely.
Yeah, I believe it.
Well, and closingly, yes.
I had a couple of jokes about how it's been.
But I have played, he would trace my number in sumi.
Yeah.
That's his new thing now.
He probably sumi for all these terrible for lack of support.
I don't know which is better.
His skin on his hair.
I've got more hair clogging my sink than he had but his head.
Heeey.
Well, Lee?
Uh, yes.
Save some of it.
Don't you want to hear Debbie Ellis joke?
You'll need it.
See, Lee?
Oh, did I call one shabber only a douchebag?
Twice.
See, Lee.
1219 and W.I.O.D.
Boy, he's good, isn't he?
He's the best.
Did he call you?
No, he wouldn't call you guys.
Plantation.
Hello, Neil.
Hi.
Thank God you're back.
Yeah.
I thank the Lord for the night time.
I have a file diamond on W.I.O.D.
Our new format, Bob DeCarlo is coming back.
I finally got.
Easy hits all the time.
I finally got a taste of what life would have been like.
I think that without Neil would be like.
Really?
And I didn't think I could handle it.
I could handle it for another couple of years.
I bet you would.
Yeah.
If they were sent in the check over every week, I was kind of starting to get used to it.
I got worried when I read that article when you said, hey, life is more than a radio show.
That's right.
Oh, my God, he's not coming back.
No, but it's just that, you know, some people would call me, I mean, with good intentions,
and they'd start talking about the business.
And did you hear this?
And did you hear that?
And I tried to explain to them in my own inept way that after something like this happens to you,
you don't care about the radio show or the radio station.
I mean, you don't even think about those things.
You do everything you can to get your health back.
Because you don't have your health.
What the hell is all the rest of this?
You know, you can't do it.
Oh, and I knew when those people were calling up while you were going, oh, Neil, if you're listening,
I want to tell you, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I knew you weren't listening.
No.
I end up when you're off.
Yeah.
Way off.
Well, I think we're in.
Look at this book.
Yeah.
Well, I think it was God's will.
The death now, man.
Who wants those big numbers anyway, right?
Yeah.
Too much responsibility goes with big numbers.
I think it was God's will that you took that extra week off.
Yeah.
Because if you didn't, that one would still be here.
Really?
He wouldn't have had that big fight with Rick and so.
Well, is that what did it?
Oh, it was the Rick and so I'd sing to push them over.
I don't, but I don't understand what is a couple of people called.
I mean, people call, rip him all the time on this station.
You should be used to it.
A couple of people called them, ripped him and what?
And he went, no.
He went, he came in.
I'm going to kick it.
If I had, if I could, I would.
But what?
Over what?
Over what?
Because a couple of people had called in and they said, oh, Alex stinks.
No, he does.
I think we're really, I think somebody might have said something about two bad you guys aren't doing two to six or something.
And that's what really pushed them over.
Well, isn't it interesting?
Steve was paranoid when Alex came in, filled in for me when I was on vacation.
And look what he thought.
He thought they were looking, he was looking for his job and Alex wound up getting his job.
Now, Alex comes in.
And he's paranoid when I'm out sick and he's guys come in and fill in.
He thinks that they're looking for his job and now they're getting it.
So he has a big fight with him.
Yes.
Then he goes on.
There's one more I'm starting.
You got the tape, he goes on, he's showing.
He says, I'm letting management know right now.
You come on here.
Yep.
And you bash me.
So he says, if these men ever come back in the studio, I'm walking out.
No two ways about it.
And it's very obvious you two guys are out of work and you want the afternoon shift around here.
So they come back the next day and they say, well, okay, okay, yeah.
That was the end of the week.
He thought you were coming back on Monday.
Yeah.
He said, if they ever come back, I'm out of here.
And you didn't come back in again.
So they came back Monday and they said, well, we're still here, Alex.
You know, it's your game.
You're ball game, you know.
I don't get it.
This guy is so, how could he possibly have ever been in this business before?
Oh, so he comes in and he goes, well, I have a contract that I can't really walk out.
But, you know, I want to forget all this and get past it and we're going to declare a truth.
You know, and he just basically had to eat crow that week.
And then, you know, everyone, somebody's down.
We like to kick them.
So in the team, everybody started calling them off and saying, Alex, you said you were going to leave.
How come you're still here?
You have no integrity, you know, and all this.
And he just blew it. He went crazy.
What a shame.
It's the most tasteless thing I've ever heard in my life.
Yeah.
Well, listen to the great job narrating Alex's commentary there and I appreciate it.
I can't wait till he goes back to tell Pendulate about this.
Yeah.
And Al Goldstein won't send me any more love letters, I guess.
Oh, I got another billboard sighting for you.
Are they bad?
Well, it's under repair of the line, see.
It's on the Palmetto Expressway.
Yeah.
Going north just before 103rd street, Nilelia.
Okay.
And I went by there one night and for some reason there's no light on it at night.
So all I could see was the top of your head and I said, Nile, ride your 610.
Something in front of your face.
Yeah.
And I thought it was supposed to be like a gag or like a bl-uh.
You know, gag around your mouth to keep you quiet or something.
And then I heard Rick and Fudz the next day talking about, well, it's supposed to be a bar of soap.
So I drove by during the day to take a look at it and, uh, it looks like a mattress stuck in your mouth or something.
Yeah. Well, the guy was putting up the billboard, dropped the soap there and it's trying to...
Well, listen, have a great day.
Okay, I'm glad you're back.
Thank you.
Okay.
Well, isn't it funny he was talking about that.
Now I got to talk about white huts.
Well, a lot of pressure more than I thought there would be 1227 and WIOD.
We got to get that audience back.
We got to get the audience back.
There's only one way to do it.
Cut.
Cut.
Let's play it till two o'clock, okay?
Okay, one around till everybody to burn his back.
See if I just played it, they'd never know the difference.
No.
Okay.
Look at it first.
I said, uh, he's a douchebag in the background.
They don't know if it's live or on Kurt.
So the bird is back.
Now see Melvin thinks the show sucks without clanting.
He thinks the show is terrible.
It was much better when he was here and he's wrong.
The show was not better when the bird was here.
The show was Phoebe Cates and what was the other thing?
He had like three things.
Tenus, Phoebe Cates and what was the other one?
No, I'm serious.
That's all he had was like three things that he ever talked about.
What was the thing?
No, Lakeland.
Oh.
Lakeland.
Which who the hell wants to talk about?
I'm not Lakeland.
I'd rather talk about Canon Dagel before I talk about Lakeland.
At least Larry King gets some calls from up there.
Right Ron?
That's right.
How about what's turn?
And I'll be on.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're right.
You know, my rock.
It's worth 29.
It's just a CEO.
It's on your music way.
Nobody stops Ron.
Once he gets going.
There's no stopping it.
Oh, did you hear that?
Good one.
He nailed it.
Bad record though, Ron.
Okay, 28th pass known at WIOD.
Here's North Del Rey.
Nail?
Not to be confused with Del Rey proper.
Right, correct.
Yes, sir.
Well, we try not to keep our cell.
We'll try to keep our cell.
I shouldn't say.
Who is this?
A radio person.
No.
Well, you sound like he's got a radio.
Oh, yeah.
Everybody tells me.
Now, what shift would you like?
Stop.
All right, tell me what you know.
We can't, man.
Our desperate.
The weekends on this station have dropped like since the last off in game.
Nobody listens on the weekend, man.
They're like a two.
I'm not a big fan of Joey.
So I'll take his spot.
Well, he's got a lot of company there.
That home?
What?
At home?
Yeah.
He just wants his Porsche.
By the way, Joey, I don't want to make you feel bad because I know you're listening.
But I got rid of the Ferrari and I got a Porsche 928.
Yeah, I feel bad.
Why?
You didn't get a lot of money on it.
Why did you feel bad?
Did you like double?
No.
Come on.
You have to mind your own business.
Time and a half.
So what do you want, sir?
You didn't get the 928 S or the 928 S for anything special.
928 S.
It's really?
Not a new one.
86.
And it's nice.
It's like it's brand new.
It's a good car.
Yeah.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Anyway, I've never called you while I called you.
I guess I should mention Lou Backroad Chevy.
Do they advertise on this station?
Well, that's where I bought it.
They used to have the big nose up on 95, didn't they?
Yeah.
Now that's me with a big borrow of something in my mouth.
I never called you.
I called you about a month ago.
I was going to Las Vegas in Los Angeles.
Yeah.
I came back and you were off the air and people were saying, oh my God, we don't know.
You know, and I was, oh, I'm so glad you're back.
Yeah.
And we got to see, he's back too.
Spread the word.
Don't do it.
No.
I had a great idea.
Listen, I know the way people think.
And knowing the management here in a way they overreact everything, they're going to look at that.
They're going to say, oh, look at this.
There were sixes and sevens and now the birds gone.
He's doing a five one.
Of course, see the bird wasn't on the micronary show.
And he wasn't on an afternoon drive.
And he certainly wasn't on at night.
And he wasn't on the weekend.
So, you know, any excuse they're going to come up with is going to be wrong as usual.
They're always wrong.
They're management and they have to answer to somebody so they're making up what they have.
Yeah.
Anyway, Ceejers Palace is a great place.
It is.
The Mirage was absolutely gorgeous.
And we had a good time at the Circus Circus.
Never made it to the Tropicana to have your...
Rhapsody, yeah.
Yeah.
Never made it there.
Well, it's probably just as good of an idea.
You live longer without that finance foster.
Probably right.
Not that I needed it already.
Stay out of the hospital.
Exactly.
Alex Bennett, he just has a bad attitude, that's all.
Yeah.
That's a good way to put it.
I mean...
Got a crappy attitude.
So, this town is a tough town.
But, you know, you got to be a big boy.
Right.
You got to let it roll off your back.
When you get to be as old as he is.
If you didn't take himself so seriously.
Yeah.
You know, that's the way I...
I mean, how many times can you hear Larry Brenler
and then you stand up comedians who won't stand up, you know?
Exactly.
And who was that guy that came coming in playing the keyboard
and his friend, the comedian?
Larry Brenler, oh yeah, Eric, you're in the air.
How many times did we hear the hair lady?
I mean, they're...
Yeah, really.
I mean, they're...
I'm sure Alex is a nice guy.
It's just, you know, he didn't know how to handle it.
Well, these guys don't think he's a nice guy.
They're giving all kinds of looks.
They're not saying anything but like,
get the clean up crew in here with a pale and a bucket.
Yeah.
Blue tongue.
Yeah, it's from these.
I just think he's...
Oh boy.
Boy, you're...
You have a blu-tongue.
You have a blu-tongue?
I had a stroke and he thinks I got a blu-tongue.
Okay, it's from...
No, they're different colors.
They're red and green.
Don't you understand it's an authority.
No, if this is a side, we should be looking forward to it.
So we came in to be spotters.
Yeah, spot this.
Well, listen, have a wonderful life.
That's good hearing from you.
They're your third.
See in Vegas.
Okay.
Bye.
Don't he sound like a radio person though?
I thought he was one.
Even Boken Palm Beach have been bringing to they.
Now, your phones have been great all two weeks.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
No.
No, really, they have.
Pretty good.
They've been excellent.
Not loaded.
I didn't have any problem with that post-align.
What do you mean?
At all.
Well, everybody goes to it.
So like there's nobody on there.
Oh, there's nobody on it right now.
Here's a mobile O.J.L.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Yeah, I'm really happy to hear you back.
You sound great.
And I hope you stay, you know, fine.
Yeah.
Well, it's an important thing.
I'll feel real good about five to two.
Yeah, that's the best time in the world, huh?
Yeah.
I think Alex couldn't handle the number of sunshine state
but the crappy state.
Yes, I couldn't handle the pressure, I think.
It ought to be.
Yeah, you're right.
It took everything too serious, you know what I mean?
It's the show.
Yeah, just a radio show.
It's the way to make a living.
Yeah, I mean, of course the community and the people were terrible.
Well, he wanted everybody to suck up to him, I guess,
and it didn't happen.
And then he gets all that out of shape and hostile.
And I mean, you got to, you got to, you can't have thin skin
and do this kind of work.
Yeah, I do it.
And it's obvious the name drop, he's in work.
Yeah.
Because they call it other dropping.
And you notice when he would drop out of those names,
it was always one of my very best friends.
I hear that many friends.
I couldn't keep track of, you know?
Yeah, I like how ghosting, yeah.
It's very best friends.
Well, I like Al.
I'm not going to get upset at Al.
You know, I'm not going to mix him in, but you know,
Al is.
He's got a bet now for Danza.
He's a funny guy too.
He even called us.
Did he?
Yeah, he's good.
I like him.
Now, now he made it mistake, he called Rick and Spud.
Yep.
Well, he's just a death.
Oh boy.
He's covering his ass, don't you understand?
Yep, be sure is.
He can't do you call you every day now.
Why don't you end your life?
Just like our management, they're getting ready to do that right now.
Now that the book is in, they're writing all kinds of inter-office memos
and making that paper trail, you know?
Well, they got it just covered in their ass.
They got it just to fight a salary, you know?
This was on Janemberg's house, it's all right.
That's all I can't.
Just like when Steve was here, we had a lot of business, right?
Yes, this is my wife.
Well, we spoiled, but we had a mess with success, man.
We had to change it, screw it around, mess over the audience.
But that's usually a mess with us.
Let's make a few more changes, huh?
Yeah.
When you mess, sir?
Let's add the cups at 9 instead of the Yankees.
There you go.
That'll give him a pause here.
Okay, have a great life.
Anyway, do you ever play a film in a song?
That Denemberg song?
I just played it.
Oh, I'm sorry, I wasn't listening.
I wasn't quite.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
You were in court?
Yeah, yeah.
You expect me to play that twice in the same show?
No, I wasn't.
He was the world's biggest household.
Stop, Annemberg, stop, Annemberg.
Thank you.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, everyone.
You're welcome.
1235 in WI-O, dude, that was a good one, a little duet.
And it sure fit too, Bob.
I'm not even here, five minutes this morning in Denemberg.
Can you cut this copy for me?
You can do, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
You know, I'm sitting here shaking.
I can barely sit in the chair.
You know, and the guy's already in here just...
You want to help him down while you're receptive.
Near death.
And I said, Tom, did you see the bar of soap on a billboard?
Anyway, here's a message from the...
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, I never saw anybody move that fast in my life, dude.
Can you believe that?
Boy, and look at these guys leaning away from...
I'm not going to mention your name, God.
The rumor is that somebody is not coming back any afternoon on the air.
But we'll be in the building somewhere.
Eric Lambert.
Yeah.
And the hair lady.
Yeah.
And Alice Cooper, what was your name?
Alice Colin.
The whole in lady.
The colon lady.
He hangs out with the urine lady.
And to those people are not coming back, I guess.
So, look at that. The Palm Beach Line is open.
We've had all these... I've never given any number out all day long.
And it took like two and a half hours, and that's it in Palm Beach.
Well, that's not too bad.
Coral Springs.
Oh, hi.
Yeah.
I can't believe I got through.
You got through.
And it's easy on this show no problem.
Well, I think I got you delay time, so I had it down there.
First of all, a big welcome back.
Thank you.
I love hearing you back.
I loved Rick and Suz, and I love hearing you back.
And you love Alex Bennett?
Well, he's okay.
Yeah, far away.
From a distance, like in San Francisco.
Oh, he was better. He was better. Why?
I went to a show twice.
Yeah.
He was better on purpose.
I just... I'm the radio. I couldn't deal with it.
You mentioned it before.
Well, that's because he did the show for the six people that were sitting in the building.
Exactly.
The chairs, by the way, are all gone.
Are they gone?
Is that mean something?
The chairs are gone. His carts are all gone.
The opens and closes and intros and promos are all gone from the rack.
What about those vitamins from those like weird nature people?
Oh, yeah. From...
The horseshoe lady.
Uh-huh.
Oh, no. Those are gone too.
Orchhoe lady.
Yeah, lady bent the horsehoe.
Well, it was horse something, but he sent shoes.
Oh, yeah.
To be nice.
Closes he could get.
Well, I noticed on your billboards.
Yeah.
Way up here. They got one on sample roads.
Great.
I swear, first, the first time I saw it, I thought it was like a big piece of paper or something in your mouth.
That gave me the biggest lip.
I've ever seen in my life.
Now it's green, though, isn't it?
Nope. Because the soap screen, the lips like big apple red.
Now that's like that movie shocker that I saw last night where he bites the guy's lip.
Oh.
And the lip just expand like about the old man.
It was pretty big. It was a huge obstacle.
What, the lip?
Yeah.
Oh, excuse me.
I don't want to get too personal, sir.
By the way, did anybody mention to you about the ACN tape they put out?
No.
Yeah, they, um, they put out a call outrageous radio.
I picked it up the other day.
Oh, no, yeah, but no, we did a commercial for that. It's its specs.
Oh, they got it over. They got it.
No, don't mention anybody else.
Okay.
I got it. It's specs.
Oh, okay. I got it somewhere else.
Well, that's okay.
I didn't know anybody.
Next time you'll get it at specs or else.
But I'm sure I paid much, much more than I would have it.
That's right.
They got it at specs.
Yeah.
Okay. Well, good.
No, go ahead.
I don't want to step on your material.
So what? So the billboard was bad?
It was, well, I didn't like I said it's not the most, uh, I've seen your picture.
I went to one of your, um, things.
Yeah. One of you, I want to see your thing.
And I have your picture.
And I saw the billboard and I just kind of had to look at your picture again and make sure.
Well, no, I'm not talking about whether it looked good.
My picture looked good enough.
But with the billboard effective, or was it a piece of mong?
Well, I guess rumor.
I don't want to say who shaking has had no, but rumor is that in the room here is that it's a piece of crap.
Well, it says bad mouth.
Don't you think maybe they need a new agency here in the station and who ever add agency to handle our promotion?
I mean, between the contest of that contest we did the mail out, you know, yeah, I remember that.
I think we had the lowest book the station's had.
I think probably in two years and everybody went in the toilet and now these billboards that were drawn by a Gilbert, I think.
Well, listen, it's very no expense.
Well, I say, um, also, I guess what, then you know, they put bad mouth.
So what type of people are trying to get to listen to you?
Do spanks.
Yeah, basically.
That's what we want.
I fit right in.
Look at you.
Okay, have a good one.
Okay, thanks for that.
Thank you.
Bye.
1242 at WIOD.
We got a mobile on the West Palm Line.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, welcome back.
Thank you.
But you're not the only thing that's back.
Guess what else is back?
The love bugs.
Yeah, I know.
Jesus, I can't even see now.
I can't wait till Spencer gets in here Wednesday.
My Corvette is so filthy because I haven't been able to wash it, you know, for two weeks.
And it's got love bugs and mong and just crap all over it.
Yeah, this is incredible.
I was almost ready to send away for some of that crap they sell on TV where they set the car on fire.
Oh, that's my favorite.
Oh, yeah.
Let me speak to putt for a minute.
Yeah, he's right here.
Hey, putt.
This is for you, putt.
No, no, this putt for you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Did you see that moving?
Did you see that moving last night?
Oh, it's one.
The one criminal justice.
No.
Kevin Pigg.
No.
What's the name Kevin Pigg, I think, right?
What's the Simpsons?
Kevin.
Right to bed.
Oh, these people talking about Kevin Bacon.
Kevin Bacon.
We've been putt loose and he was in that one with the preacher.
Or was that movie?
Uh, yeah, preacher and the film.
No, no, no.
Forget it.
He used to be on a guiding light, Kevin Bacon.
He used to play Tim.
Tim.
Gillette.
Yeah.
Leisurelet.
Leisurelet.
Yeah.
Hey, how about those cubbies?
He used to play poison pen.
What did you say, Tim?
How about those cubbies?
Did you mention the cubs?
Yeah.
When does the season start?
Yeah, all right.
I tell you one thing, Mike Bellucky can pitch to Bobby Bonnier every day.
I'll be a hell of a season, wouldn't it?
He's only giving up three home runs to him in his last four at bats.
But he still looks good.
He still looks good anyway.
That's all accounts.
We ain't outplayed well, but we look good.
Yeah.
When they play a double header, do they get to the stand to make the people leave?
No.
Come back in.
No, that's why they hate double headers.
They used to do that.
They can't do that anymore.
Well, I know the change to that when they, you know, like the hurricane.
Well, they need the money, you know.
They make them go out.
They're really doing it too, by the way, aren't they?
Well, they do, they win every day.
Are they doing good?
They're like 42 and 6, I think.
They're right.
Yeah, they're doing it.
Well, they should be an Idaho pretty soon, then, right?
And the world's great.
No, they could be an Idaho or they could be an Omaha,
Hone of Brasker for the college world series.
Whichever one they, you know, like that.
Yeah, where are the potatoes are?
Yeah.
Where whatever state that is.
Listen, I think you ran out of material about three minutes ago,
but it's been a great call.
One material.
Yeah.
Have a great day.
That's nice.
Nice pocket.
I'm glad they nailed my pocket.
Yeah.
You know, the lady that did call in, I heard that call.
She called in that day that you were spurring your speech.
And she didn't mention that you might be having a mild stroke.
I said that.
No, I wasn't having it.
I'd already had it.
Well, whatever.
But you mentioned that.
But that, that, what's the name Rick kept saying that she never mentioned the word stroke?
Well, you know, the funny, yes, he did say that.
And the funny part is I came in here this morning before I went on the year,
and I said to Melvin, and I said to a couple other people in the building,
I think I had a mild stroke in my sleep, and they looked at me like,
ah, like I was nuts.
You know, he said stroke.
Yes.
He said the word stroke.
He said, T.I.A. is a mild wasn't it?
It was a stroke.
Yeah, but he did say it's a form of a mild stroke.
Okay, I'm sorry, sir.
You were right.
Stroke this.
Have a great day, pal.
No, wait, one quick thing.
Where's the rest of your head on the slide by the Okachobi Road in Palmello Expressway?
Right under the bar asso.
See you later.
Oh, some of these people.
Oh, I munged on my shirt with that.
Well, they did. They had you up, and then they ripped your head off.
That's when they changed.
Well, I said I'm going to kick my teeth down my goddamn throat.
Yes, wrote.
Okay, that's when they ripped my head off.
They're sending it to Alex.
Here's a collect call from San Francisco.
Hi, Dale.
Who's this?
This is Mead and San Francisco.
Welcome back.
Mead?
N-E-A-D, mead.
Oh, mead.
Yeah.
Everybody's mead.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Don't get your hopes up, now.
No, sir.
Not this kid.
Yeah, I'm just, uh, I'm giving up everything for suckers.
I'm just staying home and eating my little, uh, chicken breast, and that's it.
I understand Alex is on his way here.
What is that?
That's where we understand he's on his way back with Tony Bennett.
Tony Alex.
Big black cloud out here.
Hey, Frisco brother, this young.
Maybe that's him.
Are you really in San Francisco?
Yes, sir, I am.
I'll be damned.
How's it doing out there?
It's the cold, always.
Giants aren't doing too good, are they?
I don't know. I'm from there.
I'm just out here on business.
Oh.
Yeah, it's a lovely place.
How about that new hockey team we're in the, what is that league now?
The hockey team?
The global hockey league.
My name is going to have a hockey team.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
We're going to play Prague and Budapest.
Well, it'd be great.
Shouldn't be a problem.
We're going to put a punch around there.
Yeah.
Well, we got a put's right here.
So he'll put it right in.
What the hell is he doing there, by the way?
Well, these guys filled in.
Yeah. Why would you just give, oh, you're not back.
I don't even know what I'm talking about.
The guys in San Francisco.
How was, how does he know so much, though, in San Francisco?
Yeah, how long have you been out there?
I have a spy.
How long have you been there?
Since last night.
Oh, so you know what they're doing here?
Well, no, they came in today because management
was afraid that I might come in and not feel up to doing a whole four hours,
which was possible.
And these here, you know, they were kind enough to come in and stand by.
Well, I want you to know, I guess.
Once they're going to get paid for it.
I was down the street, so to speak, last night.
I was asking several people about Alex Bennett.
I heard rumors that he wasn't coming back.
And almost to the person, they said something like,
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not.
And I think that literally translated means he sucks canal water.
Really?
Yeah, but we shouldn't kick him in when he's down, right?
Only in his teeth.
That's right.
Well, he turned Miami on it here.
I'll tell you that.
He sure did.
He really was wonderful.
He made a big impact here.
No question about it.
Well, he was going up a little loose 25 to 54s.
Look out.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Is he coming back?
No.
Well, this is history.
History.
And we'll never hear him on this radio.
What?
He's coming back?
No, he's not.
He's not coming back, Nick.
Oh, should I cut about him his check?
Yeah.
Good luck to you, sir.
Have a good time out there.
Bye-bye.
But not too good.
1247, the W.A., he's not coming back.
Trust me.
He knows he's not coming back.
And he's putting on a story, you know?
Everybody in the building knows he's not coming back.
And nobody else said.
Because he doesn't know.
Does he know what?
I don't know.
Nobody knows.
I don't know.
Well, it's not.
It's better than getting a certified letter, I guess, like from QAM.
Maybe they'll put them on mornings on QAM.
Those stand-up comics would do it in the morning, wouldn't they?
In Eric Lambert?
Boy, how'd you like to wake up to the hair lady, huh?
Anyway, it's 12 minutes till 1 at WIOD.
Look at that.
We got a line open and date and Palm Beach.
Two open seats.
I didn't even take three hours.
All that big, you know, that big rush.
A lot of talk.
And the big toolmult and fur.
A's back.
You know, it's just, you watch.
Mark my words.
By 2 o'clock we'll be sitting here struggling, talking to Joey.
And so you got to, now your job is to keep him out of the studio before he, before I get out of here.
To a lot of replay of what happened last time.
Oh, God.
If he comes in here and starts kissing again with that tongue and a whole bunch.
Oh, that's right.
Remember that?
God.
Disgusting.
You're nauseating, Joey.
Now, what do your wife slips in another room?
Anyway, we're just trying to find out what the hell is going on, that's all.
And I'm driving to work.
I have a show to do and I'm getting ticked off at you.
Yeah.
Well, too bad.
By the way, you don't have a show to do.
1252.
No, it's just been confirmed.
I don't want to say it just, there was little notes slipped under the door.
Somebody ran down the hallway.
Somebody very short.
It might have been Bob Mayor.
And that's it.
He's out.
That's the rumor.
A confirmed rumor that Alex will be gone no longer with us.
Here's a mobile, no mobile.
What is this?
W-Y-O-D.
Very important, mobile caller.
Okay, sir.
You're on right now.
Hey, me.
How you doing?
Welcome to W-Y-O-D.
Remember us, 610 on the AM dial?
Oh, you had the greatest thing that ever happened in radio.
That's right.
Man, listen.
Sit down a weekend.
I just want to inform you about some information with Jesus.
You're still guys.
They did a good job.
Yeah.
Okay, they did an excellent job.
No show, but they're okay.
And the only thing I didn't like is when they backed off of Alex when Alex asked him to back off.
But Alex was ripping them and then they would back off.
You got to understand that we're just here filling in at the moment.
They didn't realize that we're going to get his job.
They were just here temporarily filling the breach in there.
And we're not in the position to, you know, I'm sure it took them by surprise that the guy came in and went off the deep end.
Tough call, sir.
Tough call.
Yeah.
So they can rip them now.
Oh, yeah.
They hit them like poison.
They did a good job and I think Joey doesn't like it.
Rick called me at home the other day and went on for like a half an hour.
I just put the phone down on the table.
I went out to my medication, had a little lunch.
Thank God you're back.
You're right.
I'm telling everybody up back and now I won't turn the radio off at 215.
I'm just going to be seeing them and listen to them guys.
All right.
Excellent.
Hey, I just want to call Billy to base play a douchebag.
Okay.
Thanks, Neil.
Thank you.
Welcome back.
What are we going to do about these 25 to 54 numbers that went up and after him drive?
Boy, pretty amazing.
Pretty well.
All the rest of us were taking a little dive there.
He was making a little crawl.
Huh?
What does that mean?
Shocking.
Yeah.
You can say that again.
Daniela.
Yes, Neil.
I'm so glad you're finally back.
I tell you, I really missed you, you know, on in the day.
Thank you.
And, uh, you know, who else is back besides the bird that is?
Is Bo Brady's back on days of our life?
Yeah.
Somebody called about that before.
Oh, I did that part.
That's okay.
But, uh, you know, it's really good to hear your voice on there and just keep well.
Thank you.
Okay.
Have a nice one.
Talk to you.
Say hi to Doug and Julie.
Yeah, it's my.
See you later.
Huh?
1254 at WIOD.
Now, what was it?
Oh, I want to thank the people at Orham Jewelers for this nice, a Cubs pin.
Wasn't that nice?
Yeah.
And after they get over 500 again, I'll wear it.
No, it's, hey, listen, you know, I'm not a front runner.
They lose every game the rest of the year.
I'm right there with Harry.
We're doing it all the way, okay?
He's a little confused.
Oh, there was a great bit of game that they got rained out.
In the pregame show, he was talking about.
Harry Wendelstead or snowed out.
Was it a snowed in Chicago last week?
And he was talking about the Harry Wendelstead.
It was the chief upher of the crew who we didn't call the game.
Of course, I don't think the umpire calls the game before it starts anyway.
I think that's management of the home team that has that call, I believe.
But anyway, Harry was carrying on fears about, you know, if they're going to play,
let's play now.
It's not that bad.
If they're not, doesn't candy make the decision to call it?
I'm always plugging his umpiring school and giving free plugs.
Don't go to his umpiring school.
Well, 20 minutes later, the phone rings in the press box and they say,
Harry Wendelstead wants to talk to you.
So he disappears.
And Steve Stone is, you know, filling the time.
It's terminal. It's boring.
And Harry comes back and he says, isn't that umpires?
They're just like everybody else.
You give them 1,000 free plugs for their umpiring school.
They think they got it coming.
You say one negative thing and right away, they're all over your case
and trying to intimidate you and carrying on like Mania.
It was the funniest bit.
If he wasn't in the tank that day, nobody ever has been, okay?
Nobody ever has been.
Anyway, 12th, he's a butman.
All right. Here's a mobile and he was.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
First time caller, long time list.
The only thing better than that was the rain delay the night,
I think it was the night before the night after when Bill Murray was on with Harry.
And it was just, it was incredible.
He had Harry in stitches.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to welcome you back.
Thank you.
Point of reference, the examinations that you took.
Yeah.
As far as the stroke is concerned, that's an ultrasound for your carotid arteries.
Yeah. And for my heart, too.
Well, that was an echo cardiogram.
Oh, excuse me.
Well, anyway, they're in full color and they're, you see your heart in the hole,
but it's really freaky.
And it's interesting.
And then while they're doing it.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
You see it right on the screen.
And then with the arteries, not only do you see it in color,
the blood going up into your brain, but you hear it.
You hear the sound.
Right.
Right.
And every now and then we go.
And but I said, I explained them.
They understood what they were doing.
Well, we don't have anything to do this afternoon.
Yeah, go over and have one.
No, I didn't.
Listen, none of the tests I took bothered me except the, the, the, um,
catskin with the eye of the eye.
Yeah.
That thing is a little bit.
Huh?
That kind of thing.
A little nauseous, man.
And you can feel it going in the white parts of your body, which I can't mention on the air,
but it goes all the way down there and up here and, you know,
my wife does have for a living.
What's that?
Has those tests done on her?
Oh, really?
She gives her, or use the eye on what is X-ray?
Is she going to say this?
She's going to say this?
Yeah, all of those things.
Yeah, no one will say this.
X-ray tech.
Yes, sir, go ahead, Payne, no attention to this, man.
No, no, I, I, I understand.
Um, no, I was listening to the, I was, he's on a power trip now.
He's looking for everybody's job.
Huh?
When do you want to start, sir?
Got a weekend opening for you?
No problem.
I have a, I have a, too.
No, no.
My line of work is ultrasound.
That's why I called you in because I remember, uh, weeks ago, when that, uh,
nurse called in.
Yeah.
And, and she did make a point and she was, I, I thought so, uh, I thought what?
I thought that you had a stroke because the symptoms that you were describing,
am I speaking to it?
Well, you could hear my speech.
That's correct.
You know, and the arm was a real limp, not just the wrist, but the whole arm,
and it was, you know, frightening.
That's excellent.
I wish you the best meal, Anne.
What do you mean that's excellent?
Why do you, now, somebody, you know, said that, too?
You do know you made a miraculous recovery, you know?
What is that?
Because everybody who I've talked to with many strokes, the common thread has been six months.
Hello.
Six months.
Yes, hang on, sir.
Yeah.
Six months.
Six months, yes.
I remember my care so good all of a sudden.
You know, I think I might have to go home.
Okay, we're here.
Yeah.
Well, it's good.
What's going to happen?
Yeah.
Well, listen, thanks a lot, sir.
It's okay, Neil.
See ya.
How do you know?
Okay, well, that's, that's it.
Is that, what was that?
Was that the mobile, or am I losing my mind?
He was mobile, didn't sound like you did?
Yeah.
He was.
Yeah, it sounded like it.
Here's, uh, Miramar.
Yo, Neil.
Yeah.
Well, come back, man.
Oh, thank you, Mon.
Hey, I tell you something.
Hey, Pasa.
Oh, I'm sorry, that's the raw, well, I don't know.
I'm confused.
Hello.
Yeah.
You know, my aunt?
You're in.
I'm with Neil, no.
Yeah.
Neil.
You're with Neil.
That's like, with child.
Welcome back, man.
Thank you, sir.
I don't want to have a, I want to give Rick and Spots of Middleton for the good work that performed.
They were tremendous.
You know, that's, that's come back.
You look a bit too good.
That's what Alex said.
Yeah, they get rid of this come.
You won't hear him anymore.
I know.
I can't wait to tell him that on such an, you won't hear the hair lady anymore, sir.
Yeah.
No more Eric Lambert.
I'm glad for that.
Hey, Neil.
Hey, we can't put a stand out of this thing, you know.
Put stand?
We gotta put stand back in that talk like a while.
Oh, yeah, you just lost all your favor with Rick and Puts.
No, man.
They just said you're number one.
They said you're number one in Miramar.
Hey, but there's still number one, man.
Okay.
But I want to see my pile stand up there.
Okay.
Hey.
Well, he is up there.
All right.
And he ever gets down here.
He'll be with us.
All right, will you die?
I'm telling my glad they get rid of that boy there.
Okay, boy.
All right.
See you later.
Good.
It's a big time.
What?
He called me, boy first.
I just want to clarify that.
I'm not going to let that go.
Okay.
It's a tell your good friend stand a lighten up a little bit.
Wow.
What's he like?
And he hates us.
Oh, boy.
One thing I like about this place, man.
Everybody loves each other.
Oh, we do.
He hates you like.
And we have more failures.
Anytime our name is mentioned, that's all.
Well, that's true.
Well, so anyway, Deborah Martinez has the one o'clock W.
I knew she's going out to the big time.
She doesn't give a crap about any of us now.
She's a superstar.
And we'll come back with our big one to two hour.
And then at two o'clock, we're going to have a draw.
We'll pick one out of a hat.
