One spot was playing I'd have to queue up another real real tape
We'd have like five spots in a row. It was the most ectic the most pressure-filled morning show in the history of mankind
All you did was just queue up spots and then you give the time and you play another spot
And then maybe a record which give you a chance to queue up all four or five more spots
But they had these big cylinders and they had numbers like one through a hundred or one through two hundred and we could put all this stuff on
something like that and just have them in a little computer and
And punch up like number 78
Okay, well get that stuff on for that guy with him
We'll lose all the remaining calls what we've got but we don't care because it's Labor Day weekend
We don't expect anybody to call if you call we consider it a bonus, okay?
Tomorrow is a bonus to you. I yours truly me
I'm gonna be at the fountain shops of distinction and the food courtyard next to corkies restaurant in plantation
A remote appearance in my actual hometown. I can't believe it
801 South University Drive just a block south of the Broward Mall and it's the kickoff for their scheduled weekly
Commend the events that they're gonna be doing every weekend all the way through Christmas for you and the whole family
There is gonna be some interesting stuff like Gula Halloween and a Christmas organ
Concert pet pictures with Santa a sidewalk art extravaganza kite show kids in ponies funny face all kinds of fun things
For the kids for you and the whole family will have free prizes tomorrow pizza compliments of strumbly pizza
We'll have those pictures allegedly alleged
Uh-huh and a lot of those brand new unbelievable bumper stickers are come out out say hi tomorrow noon to three at the fountain shops of
Distinction will be right in the food courtyard next to corkies
And this one is about kids and pets and a situation that we can all understand whether we have kids or pets or neither
It's from a man in Cincinnati, Ohio and here's what he writes
Dear Casey this may seem to be a strange dedication request
But I'm quite sincere and it'll need a lot if you play it
Recently there was a death in our family
He was a little dog named snuckles, but he was most certainly a part of let's come start again
From coming out of the record play the record, okay
Please
See when you come out of those up-tempo damn numbers man is impossible to make those transitions
And then you got to go into somebody dying you know they do this to me all the time
I don't know what the hell they do it for but damn it if we can't come out of a slow record
I don't understand it is down on the phone
Okay, I want a damn concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't a
Being up-tempo record every time I do a damn death dedication
Now make it and I also want to know what happened to the pictures. I was supposed to see this week
It's a god last damn time. I want somebody use this in brain to not come out of a damn record
That is that's up-tempo and I got to talk about a peck and dog dying
Well, it's a
Bondarist man
Bondarist and ponderous another edition of America's bottom 40
Want to you buy the oxy five companies newest acne medication oxymoron five for a pimple-free teenagers
So it goes
Ha
I have to be a little quick on the tape boy
The good show we've got the worst songs in America and we're counting them down record stories are showing them
For some unknown reason you're buying them and I'm using them as coasters
Let's review the top three songs on the charts at number three guns and roses is singing sweet out of mind
Well, if I had a child around the house today I'd have these four words for lead guitar is slash and his chords
Stay the hell away
And number two you a who says they're eating a living in a perfect world and especially not for you
You reasoned you don't speak proper English
And a number one George Michael sings he's got a monkey on his back
Well, I would imagine it's getting a little crowded back there
Oh
But then again you probably don't mind
And by the way George there are these remarkable shaving instruments called razor
One and lose that silly ass
Other songs on the charts the band Johnny H. Jazz with I want to be a hero is moving down on the charts and deservedly so
Apparently Johnny also gave music
I don't think he'll status is eminent Johnny so get a real job
And there is a song I like Rod Stewart's newest release forever young and for a moment I thought it was a song about me forever hung
Now it's time for a long distance dedication
It comes to us from a listener and bastard in the California right to dear Casey
I'm 16 years old President of my class and six foot to I've blonde here way
175 pounds and started quarterback for my high school team
But Casey I have a problem the girls simply will not leave me alone
It seems as though they want me for his my good looks my excellent physique
Why can't they just like me as a friend treat me as a person instead of some sex object and quit hitting upon me all the time
Casey do you have any suggestions
Shine Todd well here's my answer
dear flanking
1127 at W.I.D. I think we're playing both cards. I should get a little more than just a t-shirt. Don't you like something
28 past 11 and the don't forget Rick and suds are gonna be doing their show from Joe Robby stadium
We're still trying to figure out exactly what that means
Dick Clark is gonna be there from three to three thirty
I hope to be involved toly carrying me away at four o'clock the dolphin cheerleaders Jennifer and Mary who are gonna be
Taking it off and doing just wild suggestive erotic things in the booth what you won't be able to see
And Tim Robby is gonna be there
And at five o'clock to really dead in the proceedings
Joe Zagaki is gonna be there so that we can kind of let the sports department take over the control
As we get a little bit too close to a dolphin time before um, you know what I'm what I'm talking about before it gets too late
And anyway Joe and Hank are gonna be doing sports talk and then we got the game at eight o'clock
We have a pressure packed fun feel day today, right?
And then on Monday Labor Day, I don't even want to go into it against. It's more than I can handle Palm Beach Gardens
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey listen. I just wanted to talk about the mess for a minute here
I know it's not one of your favorite topics
But you know yesterday when they went two to one they eat one out last night when they pound them and hit home runs
You know they got lucky
What's it? I also said that I'm nervous that I think they're gearing up and they're gonna win it
Did I say that? Well, I could have said the meds sock. They're not gonna
I think that they're getting their rack together. We're gonna hate to say but I think it's happening all right
Well good. I'm getting good pitching again now even that stick in cone
Why don't like in Fernandez struck out 85 million guys the other night. They're looking pretty tough
Hey, those two guys are the best mediocre record pictures in the league
Well, they're definitely a feared picture now I'd be honest with you if I had a big game to win
I don't think I'd start either one of them. Oh, well cone is good. I think I don't agree with you
I don't like David Cohn
What about this new guy? I'm glad they got darling out of there if this guy goes this week and then against the pirates next weekend
We could have we could really have something together. I think they're bringing back John Matlack just in case
Yeah, I got a ball sign by John Matlack and Yuri Kuzman
Jerry Kuzman and Tom Seever just in case
How listen if Oakland can bring in all these other guys will I McGee at any trade these I just don't understand it
Yeah, what about Gary Gentry?
There you go. There's another name from the past who also picks for the braves didn't they? Yeah, right? We're Mickey Lola
Oh, please talk about talk about talk about the Rick Russel look alike
Did you hear that tape by play to that pirate cub game? Yeah, really that fat Russel was pitching that was 1974
That's like a whole lifetime ago. Yeah, I don't want to think pirates right now. They're getting all the press anyway
Well, they blew that game or no, they won that game. Yeah, right. Well, I'm sorry about that
But at 16 years ago, don't hold it against them now. I don't tell you the more met the poised right what are they game in a half right now?
Yes, sir, they're poised right well, it's gonna go right down to the wire
I said that about three months ago and everybody laughed and thought I was just saying it to be well a dramatic and because it's the corny thing to say
But it's gonna go right down to the wire
Yeah, well that last weekend when the cubs play six against the pirates and six against the met and then
You do understand that those three games have been added on that they have to make up right at the very end of the season
The met and the pirates have a three game series. Where is that you know? No, I don't know
We'll find out somebody will call in that. I mean that is gonna be incredible
Yeah, well the met's right now. I tell you
Home runs there. They're doing good shape. I've been a met man. I'm not just let's see if you can keep Darryl awake for another month
You know, that's a problem with him. He goes into these long comas
Yeah, I think that's just the way he is kind of like the Joseph Gackie of baseball
It was into a long deep sleep
Well, listen, you know, I don't I just don't harbor those hostile feelings anymore
You know, I really don't know whoever wins it wins it and now that David Johnson's gone and they're putting his face back together
Why get upset? Yeah, but I'm in the car yesterday and I'm boiling met and Neil saying they eat one out two to one
Well, listen, I mean, so if you guys are gonna win it at least we give you a little heartache could go along with it okay
It's still a window and the record books where the guy had detects his leg or
That's right even though Sandberg hit that home run last night
It's still a loss no matter what the do you realize that Ryan Sandberg is the first second baseman in the history of baseball
To have two consecutive years of 30 or more home runs and you realize that sir in the history of the game
He's got he's dynamite. I mean, I know he's no Greg Jeffries, but he's not too bad
Well, I caught that on the radio last night your friend Bob Murphy when Jeffries hit that home
Where he wanted to say so bad that he just broke the record for his home run by a second basement for the met
But he was playing third base. Yeah, he like did his tongue right in the middle there
Well no matter where Jeffries plays it doesn't make too much difference here. Yeah, that's true. He could be the DH
Yeah, right. Well, hey Kim Tofu. What about him Tim Tofu? Yeah, he's my favorite. He's a real powder pot
Well, I don't know. It's it's gonna be tough. It's gonna be real interesting and exciting
That's all of counts as long as there'll be excitement
I know it's not as exciting as these exhibition football games, but we're doing the best we can
Well right on the elite a couple positive words about the match will you know make me feel a little bit better
Well, I said you guys are getting hot at just the right time. Yeah, well more can I say coming from me?
I mean, that's a major concession
You better be nice to me because I'm gonna say it again. We got six games against you guys
The last 10 days of the season
Well, that's what I was gonna ask you now if you're very nice if you're real nice
We'll start but lucky a couple of times and we'll bring in Jeff Pico
That's not a good ass if you guys could lay down a little well
I'll I'll see how things go. Okay, well, I could do good luck
Well, there's a good match fan. You got a little sense of humor and he's not all up tight
He's a good guy. Well, how the hell did that happen?
Anybody knows when those last three are gonna be played at the end of the regular season. Please let us know
I mean that's important because obviously the match are playing much better at
Home than they are in the road and the pirates at the moment are like swanning no matter where they are
27 till noon and W.I.O.D. Let's do a little thing here. We'll be right back
And now language lab to show the teachers you a foreign language in less than sixty seconds today's lesson Greek
Listen one strawberry pie
strawberry pie
Listen to apple pie apple pie
Lesson three pumpkin pie pumpkin pie
customer what kind of pie do you have answer apple pie strawberry and pumpkin language lab is a public service
I mean that'd be copied or a thrice for you. Thank you. Okay, let's 37 W.I.O.D. Those three games October one two and three are in
Pittsburgh
At three rivers stadium where the Alligay need the Ohio and the mananga Hela Hela
Converge, okay
Miami
Neil yes, what's happening today? How are you sir? I'm doing great. Well, that's good. Good. You're happy. We're happy
We just want everybody to be real happy, okay? Okay. Let's make it last food tomorrow. We'll look for you down at
Fashion mall right then we can be depressed on Sunday
Well, then we can go back to public and see what's left there. Yeah, I wanted to ask I got some friends coming down for the weekend and
Last year what I think when your sponsors was lots of Bernetta
Mm-hmm
Stolts and colors that used to be is it one is it still is good?
She just brought in Carolyn just brought in food yesterday morning on that the end of the mic winery show
I had a little a total any just a little bite or two it is spectacular
Just a notch, huh? In fact if you listen in the next time going to be doing a commercial
I will be waxing elegantly about a lot of banana great, so you would recommend it highly enthusiastically the best
very good
And the next thing I was gonna ask you how come you're thinking moving from plantation up north to oral spring
Who said I'm doing that you did no, I'm not I was just talking about the beautiful homes at the carriage point
I'm not gonna move. I would I want to move that far north really I might as well commute from Daytona
That's true now that they're finally starting to do something about the potholes and fixing a broward and knob Hill road and all that
Hey, listen, I'm not moving far from my public's in clear a knob hill. Okay. My life is in that store
I love ride across the street from it. I know what your speed really? Oh, yeah
The only thing is I keep talking about I've made it so popular now that it's getting crowded
Well now that the school's open to you it's it's a traffic problem in the morning trying to get over there. Mm-hmm that
Anyway, it's still a good place. It could be a lot worse. It's a great place. Not a good place. It's sensational
Well, that's that's why I like it there
But we'll look for you tomorrow. No, okay. I'll see you at pubics. Okay, bye-bye
21 till noon at W. I. O. D. That was one of my exciting neighbors from plantation
Maybe my good friends from may fair will come by okay?
The good folks I used to live across from who made my life miserable and the gut carried on and hocked a trinic about my satellite dish
Maybe those people will come by and say hi at the fountain shops tomorrow from noon to three
Would that be great? I will put something special in their pizza from stromboli
Okay, don't forget out goldstein's coming at noon. He's gonna be really pissed when he sees that most of the food is gone too bad
Is Jeff coming with more food? Do we know?
Arnold's coming back again Cheryl did you hear that?
Arnold's is coming back again
Murray and Wayne are coming back to bring you
Probably another dose of all this stuff. Are they nuts?
How can they do that? You know he brings in all of this stuff
And you know how busy they are over there all the time and I just don't understand how they can make this much food like Jeff the same thing
He brings in if you could see when they carry all this food and looks like he's gonna feed to all of our troops
In the Middle East I just don't understand it just
HUNS and tons of stuff. I cannot conceive of how long
The preparation time is luckily does the stuff was ricken-mut and you know
It feeds the people on the street court and makes 300 pies in 20 minutes. I don't get it
I just don't understand how he does it
Well look at that already have to do is mention Jeff Cohen's name and he's immediately on the hotline just a pizza maker in heat
Are you doing the okay Jeff on I 95 already with food in hand really?
Well look at the timing of this funny till noon. Now Goldstein will be here at 12. It'll be hot
It'll be delicious and fresh
That's how we do it at the law will keep his monster for a few minutes
I don't leave that but I've I'm gonna let you borrow some of my WIOs
Neel Roger's pictures well isn't that great you're the guy that's got them all huh?
Well I'm glad somebody does
I have them whenever you need them great. So we'll see in about 20 minutes. Thanks Jeff. All right, bye
Well, that should the pacify that fat Goldstein shouldn't
Who's in the limo as we speak or that limo is never gonna be same again?
Can you just see it coming down the road with like the front end? Yeah, the back is like weighted down
The front is like the wheels are barely touching the ground
Miami
Report
79 street
Okay, thank you and Lisa call his topical the time right in let's go to Hollywood hello
Good morning, sir. Yes, sir. Yeah
22 on where you're so called non-listeners non-existent. Yeah, the phantom strikes again
Listen, I'm not gonna be able to listen no more after today. Why's that getting a new job and they listen to classic oldies
What that's what they do over there. They listen to tragic
tragic 102.7 yep rhymes with on 11 as in bread as in Mata
I don't know what you got to be kidding. What are they into Johnny Rivers is that it?
Back Rivers. Oh God money Rivers. I'm too young for this stuff
So what's gonna happen? We're finished with you. You're done. You're writing us off. You're kissing me off and like that
No, you'll have to have your brother tape the show
Or else or how old your brother?
26 I was gonna say otherwise you beat the crap out of him
But I guess in this case that's not gonna fly right? No, not at all well time to tape the show
Are you in ten of your friends will beat the crap out of my house? That sounds good. Okay?
Have a great life. See you
1142 at W.I.O.D. Now, what is that that?
Who's on the bat line? That's not for me. Does anybody I know?
That is Norman Kent. It's probably not in strip not Norman Kent boy
That would be exciting if it really turned out to be norm Kent and
It really is okay here's second well see now
Okay, what did we do to deserve this honor? Well, I want you to be a judge next week in a very important
Contents by the way, where's that check now that it's Norman Kent? Where's that check in the mail? Okay? Yeah, right?
You win Larry King. It's in the mail and wait until you see the new Honda motorcycle I got really but
Surreal we want you to be a judge next week my friend Brian Smith has the
No chance Brian Smith the interstitial you know that the norm can't be seriously
Considering putting Mike Polackie the lucky back on his rotisserie baseball team
No, this is serious. He's putting on a play. I'm still trying to ignore you. I know
But this is an exciting play. We want you to be the judge for the understudy for the play Maryland in her own words
We want you to judge who the best Maryland Monroe
I have a better idea now why don't you have Steve come and walk around naked that would bring a lot more people on
He's already tried that and that play last year and frightened people away
But only because I heard that that baseball card show we had was just a monster success
I
heard that they had throng of people at least three right
But now if you were to judge this Maryland Monroe understudy it would probably be a dream on your park because it's never gonna happen
Never gonna happen. I hate listen
I have to I have to stick with my
Satellite dish and my cubs. I can't miss a second. Well, what if we do videos of these understudy? Yeah, I'll do that
And then you could just sit in your room and decide which is bad exactly no problem
But it's making it really easy. They know me keep it real simple
They should call a theater if they want to be a Maryland Monroe, Jr
They should call what theater the pussy can Brian's theater. Oh Brian's theater
Just like a little plug for a friend in various dorm
Maybe we'd like to talk about norm kids baseball card heaven on federal highway in for a lot of
I'm not doing a plug. I'm helping your audience
Well listen listen the audience can handle it. They know you're in law and they know you're full of crap
So give a plug baseball card heaven for a lot of hell
You've got all kinds of memorabilia and old cubs seats from the bleachers and
You mean the east sunrise Boulevard and for a lot of right where where the road turns around
We're ricking the Spud had Marvin arrested that day
That was a good move by that that was really smart. Well, I put them on the mat
They wanted to get in real tight with the BSL
So
We can count on you then yes, sir. You just bring me that tape okay and put a little mic
Polucky on there too. I'll probably watch it
I'll mix it in with some videos. I've had some some my other kind of clients. I'll bet okay
Okay, that'll make the cheese more binding all right. Okay norm have a great weekend
45 at W.I.O. Du Bois like an old reunion here today, isn't it? God
Even starting to smell like an old reunion. I guess that's from all the food
So I'm gonna listen do not let me eat anymore because I overdid it
I had if I told the audience what I ate just now they would get very upset because my head is already swimming
Okay too much too much
So everybody just enjoy it will put out our ghost in fact
Jeff is bringing an enormous that even Rick and Sud to be embarrassed by this you know the little things
They do out there with a cake in the pie in the face that stuff
He's bringing this enormous that it shaped like a bathtub and all the lasagna and the sauce and the rigatoni and all and the
Mipol and they're gonna put out goldstein naked right in the middle of it and
Then we're gonna have people volunteer and just give him a fork and a spoon
Wouldn't it be great from the Ron Jeremy School of here in my meatball boy. He is just up
He's a furball goldstein a gigantic furball. Let's now see and Wayne is coming back
Miss psychotic he's coming back and you're the one that inspired him okay?
So the fact that it's right gonna be right at noon and he's gonna miss out all that lunchtime business and probably go out of business because you
I wanted your thinking B.L.T
Because the white hots and the Niley burgers weren't good enough for her highness
I don't want that to hold heavily over your conscience because you don't have one because you're Jewish
Hollywood
Yes, sir, yes, sir
I'm at the airport you're at the airport
I'm gonna get the airport Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. Hey, Mr. Rogers. I got a question. Yeah, okay
Yeah, good call 1147 at W.I.O.D
We have two open lines in day two and brown. That's not like you're a witcher's a twin brother that just called I
Dumped it by the way sir. So you really wasted your time and I hope your plane is okay
You anti-Semitic red neck up notches. I must have been Rick Ciderman's twin brother. I think they're joined at the lift
Anyway, as we drive down the Ho Chi Minh trail. It's time to take one of those never-ending breaks and we'll be right back
Okay, 1151 at W.I.O.D. was that on the cart or what you notice every time Johnny's voice is on a spot when the rejoin comes on
There's a little sounder exactly that's right on it anyway. I heard Rick Riley begging shamelessly for something on the area
Yesterday if he can do it I'm gonna do it too. What he was begging for some kind of Canadian
beverage some little sodas or something that is sparkling juices or something
Well anyway, you know, I've gone through all the bottled waters
I used to love mountain valley and it's still great bottled water, but it has no pizzazz to it. Just it's flat and
And I've gotten more into the bubbly fizzing kind of stuff so I can relate to Sally Fitz
I can have a bubbling personality and I went through all the Italian waters, which are good now
I'm heavily in this Quabell QI B.E.L
Because anything begins with QI can relate to and it's from sweet
Sweet Springs mountain and the Appalachians in West Virginia. It is great. It's a little fizzy and they have the different little flavors with the
Essence of strawberry or Tangerina whatever I don't think it tastes like anything, but it's good
So if anybody listening is connected with the distributors for Quabell, Quabell, whatever the hell it's called
Send me over two 300 cases, okay?
Because if Rick Riley can snow around here, I can do it with the best of them mobile on the starline
I need to know how you doing great by the way the last time I tried something that you tell it that you there was not a sponsor
But you just said it was good was the barks root beer what a great what a great
That was barks diet root beer is even better than the regular
The only diet soda in the world that's even better than the regular
I couldn't believe how good it was. Yeah, but anyway, I'm 34 years old
So I don't know if I exist or not. Well, you're right on the borderline. I'm a borrower. So I should I don't right that explains
Well, I'm looking to my mirror and I'll see anything. I got a funny story for you
My daughter is seven years old
That's pretty funny. Yeah, that is a circle, but she always asked me questions. Why did this fly that I got this book
It's called the great big book of why it's like eight inches thick and I've always questioned
So I said, okay, you pick out a page and we'll read it. She picks out at random
She opens up the book at random and it says why does the stroke and
I said I can't believe this, but you picked it out. I'll read it to you. So I'm reading all this
and
And turns out that
I love your vocabulary, but half of things you say I don't understand
It's talking about apple plexi and now I understand all these are not apple plexi apple plexi
And now I understand what apple plexi is what you get from eating too much fruit. That's right
But you're just been saying you've been apple plexic and you're
protecting your own stroke, right? Well, I didn't want to let anybody down, you know
But it was just such an odd thing that as the whole thing folks you pick that out
Then I want to hear what this is
Anyway, that's my story of matrimaterial. Okay, sir
Have a wonderful life and stroke this
Great listen when we have time someday I'll be delighted to hear your whole life story
Have a good day and a nice life and a great holiday. It's a goodbye
Okay, oh look at we've been putting this one off, but I know it's gonna be the best call of the morning
Great
You jealous about what I'm hungry and I just can remember those sounds like they have some alone and I'm hungry
Yeah, right
They bring the vat in
Johnny dark wouldn't be allowed in to eat and everybody be picking out well
It's your last it a long time didn't it three weeks and I was history is the failed experiment
My tube is firm and healthy firm and healthy
Oh, okay, and on the floor as a matter of fact what they do oh my tube is over in the corner
I got it
And Sally says hi to
But yeah, so did you like the that live that stuff I sent you it was great. I better not let Alex get a hold of this
I would I say Alex I meant uh, what's his name? Al Goldstein. His name could be Alex
Yes, hey speaking of Alex. I don't know if anybody told you maybe Rick and Puts did he was on MTV
Yeah, I already talked about that about 20 times. I saw about that. I saw
Oh, you saw if I had the ability to do I take you out here right now take your goddamn teeth
She is
He is girl test looking. Yes, sir. You know I had never seen him while I saw him on
He's got he's got more wrinkles than granny aug on a bad day and Jeff from pizza loft just came up with tons of food here
Oh, man, I don't have it all set up when mr
Mr. Bouncing ball comes in here in a couple of minutes. Oh, man
I think I should be going to visit you today just eat all that food
Well, I'm sure glad you're having a nice day all by yourself
Have a great life. Oh, yeah, I doubt it dream on take it easy. They'll keep a good grip on your life, sir
You're nobody. Hey, that's great. Okay, wow
Oh, they're all losing it out there. They're losing it and yeah, let's get rid of these empty boxes because Wayne's coming back again
How do you like that? This is like a little uh friendly contest that we have here between Jeff from pizza loft and Wayne from Wayne Arnold's
Just almost like in a food frenzy in a little food war
And one of these days when it gets really intense will have them out in the hallway throwing up
Neely burgers and pizzas back and forth that he said ought to be great
So I'm kind of unloading the food for now. Let's al can just eat right out of the big thing there
No problem at all. Look at that the staff comes back in again
Isn't this charming to see all these friendly faces including mr. Hussain Jr. There who's got all my ratings figure out and knows that
I'm never making by the end of the year and
Boy, it's just great. Isn't that look at all of this garlic rolls
I'm sure it's gonna be great. I want to just tell you this the zini. What did you call it yesterday?
The debut form
Base eating with mushrooms and meatballs that was I mean everything Jeff has got as great, but that was the best
Food that I've ever had from pizza loft. It was just phenomenal. What?
What does that mean?
I don't know. He just gave me like your number one or something. I know what he's talking about
But it was just phenomenal and I'm sure this will be too now. There's a couple of pies for Al. I'm sure he'll enjoy those
And Wayne is coming back good leave just a little bit for Al Goldstein like that trough that you brought there
Would be good. I might nibble on that but I ate a lot. I really did
I don't know what's gotten into me, but I'm just losing control
Okay, let's take a call from for Lauderdale. They will never be there. Hello. You're there. I'm here. I'm line six
This is a shocking experience
How you doing? You mean did you hear any like little ticking while you were holding on?
I heard you know your whole show and everything you didn't hear like a little ticking
Maybe like that
Okay, good nothing like that
Hey, um, what I never got to hear the radio yesterday because I was inside all day. Yes, sir
What happened at the baseball game? How many people ended up showing up?
3703 to be exact. I mean I wanted to go
Hundreds more than showed up for the Cardinals brave game in Atlanta last night. I believe that
And the biggest proud ever at a miracle game by far
3703 it was great. You guys own that's almost capacity, right?
Yeah, I think it holds about 5,000. Oh, jeez well
Any I wanted to go so bad, but I had to watch my kids that night because my wife works and and I was like
There's no way I'm taking two little kids, you know what I mean? Why not everybody else did
Well one was I got a 15 month old and a three year old
Come on butch up a little bit everybody brings their babies out and their kids and their teenagers and the kids
They find on the street. It was great. Well tomorrow is the kind of the same situation my wife's working and you're it's gonna be at the found if you don't come by the
Founds tomorrow never speak to you again
Where's okay? It found just on just out the Howard Maltz on university
Right next to cork. You know the fountain shops right next to corkies. You couldn't miss it if you tried okay
I'm gonna show up. It's from candle to or no no noon to three. Okay. I'll show up great. Hey, Neil. Do you have to work Monday? Yes, sir
Listen, I when I see it the thing. I'm gonna bring my kid. Okay. I give you a big hug
Bring your thing. Okay. See you tomorrow. Bye. Wow
Desperado, I think is the term we use for that
Al Goldstein's ping of desperate will be here. We're gonna watch him eat for two hours right now
It's Elaine Etor with the news right Elaine is a wonderful American Rick and suds from Joe Robbie stadium at two the game at eight
Rest of market. This is he was used to flowers and hippie stuff lay back that's history
That's not the style. No, this is the toughest with aggressive town. I you're always knocking radio. You're right
This is I mean when I'm in New York I come back here and I find out who hates everybody the first two hours
It is the most amazing thing. I really think it's management. They want you guys to kill each other. You are likely
It's like a cop fight and then I'm using the clean terms and you know in terms
There's been here what three minutes and he's starting all right
But it's like but you guys are like the roosters and you are supposed to main each other
It's it's extraordinary and it seems that that's what the public likes. Okay. Murray's back from away in Arnold's by the way
The second they were here already this morning
Because we didn't know exactly what time they were gonna get here. So we brought like a refill. I can't believe you came back
That was such an act of kindness. It's wonderful. I bless you
In the birch beer in the frosted the plastic cup. I have great pasta and my honey nut Cheerio is on top of it
Oh, that was just mix it all together because it'll all come out the same anyway
And it sure I'll get her thing on believable these people how would you like to have people come to your house here?
They just forced feed you wouldn't that be great? I've never had to leave the house. Just hang out at the pool
So to speak how you feeling though? It's just I'm feeling great
I ate too much this morning. I still feel good, but I shouldn't do that
I've avoided doing that and you know I would go into a lecture for you
But to be honest with you it's beyond it is pointless
It's pointless because you've dedicated your life to food you said this life here when you were here
You've dedicated your life to eating. I wrote you a letter saying that all your fat jokes are true
That I love food to the point of it being self-destructive. I mean just look around this table
I'm happy we often make a mess, but this is unbelievable. This is an orgy. I really do
I mean I
To have sex now is to ruin a great afternoon
boy barza
And also they have to be an acrobat in your case
And to get a dread you know how rickensud you know how sud every day comes on and does the thing where he used to be
The horse I missed the red or whatever and I'm kind of I said the other day used to be that big
Rover on the prisoner the big ball that used to be on the beach. They used to chase everybody that was you
I could tell by the classic. Thank you, Marie you guys are just beyond the way. It's wonderful
It is just repeating we have we have a non-stop supply just keep gnashing until two o'clock
This is a dream for a true non-stop supply
You didn't know that before
Now you're you're running for what in brow you're gonna run
When is that coming up? It's not for a while. I know I have a while. I'm gonna be in on the on the on the
Libertarian
I need 18,000 names and it's gonna be an issue where my slogan will be screw crime
And basically it's about being left alone whether one is I mean the a sheriff should be fighting crime not not deliver
Of songs and I think largest become the laughing stock of the nation. So I'm gonna know
That's how I do it. So I'm gonna run against Nick and I really think I have a chance to be in him
I think you got a good chance. Yeah, I think your dog can run against it or you got a good chance
When is that gonna be
Yeah, the election will be 92
So I'm gonna basically I'm gonna announce in a couple of months and then I'm gonna permanently move here to Florida and I'm gonna be just like
Kennedy when he ran when he left Massachusetts went to New York City Robert Kennedy
And so people may say I'm a cop at bag of but I think that Nick has made
Florida look ridiculous
You've done so much on the on the uptentative censorship that I know in a believer the point but leave the lyrics alone
I mean, I don't even like them use it, but I just not just obscenity
But wouldn't it be great to have alcohols in a sheriff of Howard County?
Can you imagine the change we get some living and breathing people back in here? That's right
Because I think the safest place to be is at a topless club if you were at the dollhouse
No one ever gets mugged there you could turn on I mean let's make this place a fun place again
Not just for the out the caucus
No, we can send them all up to Palm Beach County. Right. We'll have shuttles. We'll have bus shuttles and move them up there
But these meatballs are good. Let's get back to the food because that's all he really cares about
Anything else that goes that in between is just to fill okay, we're just filling some time
Pete's a lot brought you the ZD with meatballs. What did uh, what did we bring back in from Wayne's?
What did he bring here? Oh, there's white hot? Now are you familiar? Are you into this stuff? No, what a white hot?
Well, I don't want to get you aroused okay, but uh, these are indigenous to Rochester. Oh look at this you brought a whole bunch of
And only enough state in New York and you get them there like brought worth doing them better the spicier they're great
We got some hot sauce. Oh, jeez you've never had one. No, what is the white hot? Okay, I want we're gonna take a break
And I want you to delay eating one until we come back after the break and then we're gonna have like an exclusive
AP and UPI and all the networks might come down here as outgold thing puts his first white hot in his mouth
Right on WIOD this could be exciting
Anyway speaking of food it's 1222. I want to tell you about Lottavernetta now if you've ever been at Lottavernetta Mr. Goldstein
No, I have no oh jeez now. This is your kind of place
enormous portion
gigantic portions you sit down and bring appetizers they have
Like mushrooms and all kinds of and zucchini and all kinds of good appetizers
I'm sure you're not into that because it's probably too good for it
And then they bring soup that you could eat with your fist you can just stick your fist in there
What you can relate to and just pull out all the vegetables and they pasta
The pasta for jewel and the minister on it's the best soup in history and while you're doing that you're shoving the garlic bread
They have the best garlic bread in history and you're shoving it down piece by piece
And then you get ready for the entree and they've got baby cow the best deal in history
They have all kinds of great dishes cooked over angel here pasta. Where are they located?
I'm going to get to that in just like it
Why don't you get it tonight? I know they don't open no five you can eat till two and then they
air out on the way over there and have it in a red fire
I have my cheerios a great chicken and seafood and everything like you're having pasta now the best pasta and then angel here
They have like dishes where they put veal and peppers and onions all over the angel here pasta tremendous
And then when you're finished with that they have a dessert cart that they bring by
And they have like that turumasoo and all these great desserts and by the time you're finished there
You're you could probably last till morning in your case which is saying a lot
It really is great
So if you want to go out this weekend for a great Italian dinner make a reservation it's small
It's intimate and if it all is in there it'll take up half the restaurant seven two two eighteen thirty one
They're at eighty four fifty five west McNabb road and Tamarack they're not far from you at all
You're up in pop it all they're in Tamarack. I'm gonna be the Saturday night. I'm just slightly east of Pine Island on McNabb road
You can't beat it. It's just fantastic. Tell Carol then the Al Goldstein that they don't want to be the promise
Outstanding Lotta Bernetta
Al Goldstein's here. That's his pet pig you really do have a pet and don't say what you said about
Started I'm telling you I almost breathed all over the table all over the mic that was the most gross
Thing, I'll be safe something like but the miniature
Oh, it's a miniature pig no that was now up to 35 pounds patty and I gonna give it away because he's he's too big and they really are not
I don't think you could give it away patty. Yes, but I'm thinking you're
Pissed adorable anyway here now. This is the little thing we want to do on here before we get into the heavy sexual content
Because I know you do okay. I went in front of you on rapid
Can you handle that with your short grubby hands in front of your gigantic puppet?
I'm kind of this man. He may be fat, but he is the classiest dresser
He wore a t-shirt almost the same one. Yeah mutilation with the kids head hanging is really the guy
Some guy a young guy. I then look like a bratwurst. Okay. Okay. Looks like a bratwurst now take before you get his terror
I know it's hard for you to wait and don't mongol over our equipment the engineering staff of Oak Creek
That's it take a little for put that's Wayne Arnold's hot sauce
Okay, there's a place in Rochester called Don and Bob's where you'll probably be tomorrow by the way after you're about this
This is wonderful radio and this is where they started with the white hots and they're indigenous to upstate New York
And now the way to me is taking in his hand
He's got a gigantic smile on his face and if it puts that in his mouth to keep it an animal. There he goes
He's biting into it
The sauce is sliming all down his shirt over the mutilation thing. It looks like blood off the kids neck back there with a rope
Is it incredible?
And loaded with fat too. I just want to mention that to you. It's my cholesterol very good
It's delicious. Did I had my stroke? I had three of those. I just want you to know that but they're delicious
There's Rame Arnold's royal castle now on your way back when the limo takes you back north
You get on i95 and right at the 125th Street exit, which is right up the street. It's about 36 blocks
By by 230 you'll be ready. Yeah, 125th Street exit you get off. It's a block. It's right off
125th so it's easy to get on the expressway easy off and you go and then they got
Neely burgers, which are a little bacon cheese burgers. We're off castle
You remember there was white castle and royal castle and it's the original thing and now he brought these in from Rochester
Because I've been talking about them for years. The greatest thing you've ever had in your mouth
Easily you're not gonna have see she doesn't eat
Then they what is she do she watch you we all day? Is that all that goes on in your house?
She sits around to watch you eat all day
I mean the audience thinks this is sick. It's not sick. The man is just he's just a human garbage
Are you wearing those those compounds today that you wearing the last time? It is a pretty
In very beautiful color coordinated so I started to say at the ball game the other night outcomes on and he's wearing a t-shirt
That's got like mom
It'll in other words you're covered yourself. He's such a slob that when he eats it stuff always who he goes on
He gets t-shirts that already have the stains on him. Okay, so he's color coordinated to start with the man is incredible
All right, now let's talk some raw sex. This is great. This is better than the sex, you know
What's on the open tooth?
They're never close. They're even open on Tisha Bob. They're never you. I thought you were listening to this show
I thought you were
Make that up the mother people up out. I don't think you've ever heard this show
I mean he's in here giving a song and that's about how to explain it
Does the man have talent or what is he lost it? I don't want to get either way an intensive thing about that
But this audience despises the man with a passion. You do understand this. I think you have talent
I think once upon a time I need two nests. How old is he 60? No, I'm not
How I was sitting was he remember every year every day? Yeah, he had that disease where you keep getting young wherever he's six months
Is that a total of the main fifty five fifty four fifty four fifty five? How old is it?
Fifty fifty eight bounces around like a ball. I can't believe it
So at least fifty right because when he left here it was only 44
But when you go to San Francisco you age a lot because there's a lot of stress and a lot of pressure out there
From all the fishers including the ones in the earthquake. No, I think Alex is good
I think it's a good show. I really do. What is a good show? What do you think you know?
He did here was a good show with pen now when it was nasty
But I think when he had comedians and it was it was a great
You didn't like that I thought I'll look for them, but it's desperation for the audience because in this town
How many good comedians are there? Oh, I will say and I'll give them all the credit
That Eric Lambert he can thank him you didn't have to thank me or Rick and suds
He can thank him because nobody would have ever heard him or born for Alex and those corny shows
If I had the ability to do I take you out here right now kick your goddamn teeth in all right
You don't want to get the hucka chanic about him because he's dead meat in this market
He's backing his own realm. There are people who are big in a given town
Okay, Jerry Williams in Boston. They love me. He's been there for a hundred years
Alex in San Francisco for whatever bizarre reason they like him out there and that's where this is waiting
Have you look at look at that here?
Mr. punk Marvin. I can't believe it look at that
I just can't he looks like a different person doesn't he?
No, no, you look great. I can't believe it especially since it's you. I just can't get over it
Anyway, let's talk about Gloria Gloria Leonard. It's really um which the Gloria is bisexual
Yeah, is that a shock is that a major news bullet? Is that what that is?
I know the man you love is Ron Cheromy. He is really the ugliest man in the business
He's frightened. Well the only thing he's got going is he's double-jointed
I don't want to get graphic because I don't want them to come back to me next week
See we told you don't put them on it's a pornographic show
I've ever seen can you explain that to me? I think I think you and I want to discuss this before but it's long ago
And my mind's still wonders. I mean not everybody could look like Peter North. Okay. We're like
Bambi Woods
All right, you know, that's an amazing thing because I have good taste regardless of what it is my eyes are very good
Now Bambi Woods who is Debbie does deer field she was big
But these guys when they talk about female porn stars they never talk about her. I don't understand it. It's beautiful
I don't know. Yeah, she's got everything. She's got all the right plays and things in her right places
She's young she's beautiful
He's blonde and they talk about some of these really marginal people like Vanessa Del Rio for exactly. She looks like a poor authority
slut. I mean, I'm absolutely unattractive
I find her eternal. Yeah, gross
And like Gloria Leonard looks like a little old
Gloria Boehm she was just 50 less but she's always looked old but she's good actress and a nice lady and and Ron Jeremy like you said
Ron is frightening right and there are a lot of other guys. There's another guy his name is our Bola
Oh, you know, I know it's grotesque wide and I may have realized today like people go and they buy these things and they watch him at home and
The pretend they don't see him but like in the days when porn was big which is long gone with his history
Uh 80% of the people who are in those splits were all ugly. True. Why do they believe that most people want to go see ugly people have sex?
The men are in the mirror and do that. Well, I know the theory is and I'm not gonna justify it
Is that men go for the women and all you want the male to do is be reliable in terms of a sexual context
But most of the men are ugly are Bola. I wanted to interview for screw magazine and he said no
Be to see how the legitimate acting career. I said but I said I said
Resor Robbins you are there naked doing it on screen you think people don't know who you are and he's afraid
I would ruin his legitimate career. There are real delusions here
That are almost almost psychotic. Oh, there are a couple of like Jamie Gillis is another one
He considers himself a real actor you can tell because all the scripts of these pathetic movies
You used to be in a real deep and real like they were really trying to do something with a message like they consider them
So great Shakespeare and actors who the hell are they kidding and he's another one me. I mean so ugly and so grotesque
Had he liked them. She thinks he's a nice Jamie Gillis
Can you put her on a mic? Oh, we'll give her a mic if you won't give you equal time. Do we have one?
I can choose or can't wait. She's sitting down in front of a white hot. Maybe that'll work. I don't know
This way I can see what is all huh?
Talk what in oh here it is over here. I can't see it in the middle of all the photo. Okay. Excuse me George
What the hell was that? Okay, it was my zoom tube is getting excited. Okay, so just try to relax
Okay, here we go. Is it on?
Okay, that's why I like his informal radio. See it was never like this with Alex before it was a little more plastic
Jamie Gillis is no, maybe you're gonna have to pull that up
We're gonna have to really like you're gonna
In what respect what is it is like from the navel down?
Beautiful
Jamie Gillis is beautiful. No, why do you marry now?
My god, what's the last time you had your eyes checked? Are you serious?
How sick are those glasses?
Oh, geez god. There's hope for everybody now man
She said I looked almost as good as Peter North. I couldn't believe
Guys, yeah, aren't those beautiful and for the right price you can have through a few thousand
Anyways 1235 at WIOD. We're here for the outgroating two hour lunch
That's the only reason the show is going on all the rest is just feel and we'll be right back
What a great dog boy look at that. She's gonna do something on the table there. That'll be great
uh 1238 at WIOD and
Yeah, we're talking about during the break about continental cable which I would like to take an hour through a slamman
Some cable companies went in rains they have a problem the cable goes out for 20 minutes with continental when a pigeon flies over and lets a leg
The cable goes out for at least an hour or some time an hour and a half last
Either last year or the year before when I think I was
Had my first dish on a Sunday during the NFL playoffs
continental cable went out at about 11 30 in the morning and luckily I had my dish
So didn't bother me
But they were out for hours and I think it was a day on a Sunday when they had an AFC game
And known NFC game at four o'clock in the afternoon and people in that whole area must have been going nuts because they could see nothing
Because when you got the cable you usually don't even have a regular antenna that's it. That's what you depend on
The worst I was looking I'm a news junkie and I was watching CNN which is a headline news
was channel eight and all of a sudden in black and zannis
What happened and then I find out that between the hours of 1 a.m. and 3 a.m. They changed the station line up
and and headline news has now become 32 but they never told the subscribers
They don't care last night I was watching prime time a fascinating article a fascinating story on
William styron the writer about his depression
10 away. I'm in gross in it goes off the year for 46 minutes. They don't care
I have a satellite in New York City. I'm gonna put a satellite edition on at my condo. I just think we're too mid-night blue and brown
But you know the big bad for going on in New York City now they're trying to knock out the sex shows and Manhattan
J which is the station that always had the sex stuff is post-war theater. I told the first in fact
I'm gonna be doing Donnie even next week about that topic
But it's not a Florida story the point is come but it ties in with all the Florida stories
You know the American ecstasy things started in where was it in the enemy self in Louisiana or Alabama some general
in Alabama and and all of a sudden once they got it off it's off all together not that
Anybody cares because quite frankly all the movies they showed I've seen 400 times right most of them don't want to see again
But it's just the idea of people having the free choice
They've got a lock-out box little kids aren't gonna see it
But it just got these far missing the right wingers who want to take away everything
I I joke about it about all the fastest and about you know the Nazi
Doitsland abroad us ought to be the theme song and brown and and everybody grabs and bitches the same thing
But it's a big joke to them. They don't care
I do listen to you and of course I am in New York so I can't hear you there
When I'm here I listen and when I love about you and the night I love your nancyness
You're I mean I just the great boy
And the witty the true is great the wise make-up even if you were a stuttering
Daughtering old fool the one mad which I will be in about a half hour
But what I love about you and and it's not it's not a kang you
It should go down to the fundamentals which is I really am an atheist and I think the issues are atheism versus
The Puridans the Puridans left England came here. It really had to come to appearance called the hypocrites the hypocrite
That's what they are they want to feel guilty
To me pornography is irrelevant except that it's right to exist is important
I'm not going to say pornography is important. There's a genre who cares
But it should be an option available
I am an atheist and every time I hear these people's tapping pornography
It's people who want to go to Sunday school Bible classes. Let them. I don't close the day of church
Let them leave my copulous clubs alone
What why is it that the Europeans are so far ahead of us? I go you know the last two summers for the I don't want sound like a great world
Travel because I'm not but my first two trips to Europe were last summer when I had a great two weeks
Then this year I cut a jerk as my health wasn't that great
But they're like light years ahead of us. They're not all uptight about sex
If you want to see any kind of pornography under the sun. They've got it
If you don't want to see it nobody's been drag you in they don't even talk about it because it's past say it's old ahead
It's not a big sim is they don't have a bunch of Puritans running around they have a church on every street corner
But they're all empty nobody even that they don't they don't have the same outlook on
fanatic religion on in intolerance and trying to tell everybody how to live their lives think of it in terms of the
the Puritans and the true believe that came here to this country a new beach in Europe who cares
The television shows breasts nobody cares. We are so
fixated and that I believe
I would not have made the money I did with screw but we're so fixated
They were so much guilt. I mean masturbation is still offensive to some people
We don't stand a chance. I mean it's absolutely extraordinary that people still fight these sex issues let it be who cares about a new
Beach
You're right about the religious thing and you know and I don't want to get into a whole thing about it because I've done 80,000
The shows on that over the years when I've used the screen and fear my gut sound and it might well been whistling it
But you know, he's got the gay rights thing coming up
The band that you should just going to statement and the archbishop over here up this street and his 80 billion dollar office
With all you know, we have every year we raise money for Kamala's house because people are starving
And we do our little bit and people out there take their harder and dollars and try to help out
But here they spend millions of dollars so that the archbishop can sit up there in fancy quarters
And he sends out his little victim that they should vote against the thing and all the religious intolerant
Bigot and for the Catholic Church to be talking about homosexuality is it is like would be like you giving a lecture on
overeating. I mean, right incredible read aids among Catholic priests very high numbers
There are constant religious
Candles the bottom line is it really is when I do a college appearance or a good TV show now
I always go right into the fact that I'm an atheist and it's the fact that religion wants us to feel guilty
They want to delay pleasure. They say everything is is is for the hair after it is supposed to be a veil of tears
And it really is
Religion which is promulgating superstition and nonsense
But I don't try to close up the religions leave my topless clubs and point out that it is alone and for Nick
And then that's really why I want to run
For sure for Nick to be listening to lyrics when this is the most dangerous
Community in the world is is is is truly the definition of abstentity
It wants to be a thick tear you want to sit up there and die
What it's the same like a crap we went through with the FCC here. You know, they're worried about words
They're worried about somebody whoever got offended by work. I'm not offended, but whoever got harmed by words
So you get offended big did you turn it off you can block it out, but I don't see where anybody gets hurt by words
Absolutely, absolutely. I was watching channel nine which is spent here
On the continental
system and they had some discussion
And the people who were attacking at the time was a show about table TV in New York City
The people who were offended by the pro-dex programs where people can even speak English they said you these people
They people who never read Shakespeare never read a book don't know who does the F skis is
Again and again instead of of of enjoying the fact that we are diverse society
We constantly try to homogenize things patty and I were in Berlin a year ago before the wall came down
And I hate to say the ships. I hate Berlin. I don't like Cuba
Hate Russia because it's boring and because it's pure tanical because it's pure tanical
And when the walls came down the first thing to East Berlin people did was not to was not to buy time magazine
They ran to the porno shops in West Berlin. That's what they were stopped for
That's what makes democracy so important and it's funny
There'll be more freedom in Russia probably next year than we have here in Florida
But but to go back to the art spaceship the ones who scream the most
Just like the ones who are now carrying on about the ordinance on Tuesday
Almost always are self-hating closities. You're right my whole life
I've discovered that under the Joe McCarthy's and the J of your hoover's and the Roy Cohn's and all these who just died a couple years ago
horrible death for me right right
Hippocrates self-hating hypocrites and Jimmy Swagherts and
Fallwell and Jim Baker who's cooling his heels up there. All
condemning and making judgment and making a fast buck off it to at the same time because they're feeding on people's
insecurity and our hatreds and their fears and their guilt and in the meantime they're doing everything
That's walking that's breathing that's a key concept of of of hypocrisy when I testified at the Weas Commission five years
So I looked up at this dour sour face of a guy named Bruce with him now he he runs an organization in New York called Covenant House
He hated pornography, but what he also did he was a pedophile
He was involved with young shitties. It all been proven he's fired. He may even face criminal charges
This man looked at me like I was some via leper police. I'm honest
I'm consistent with my convictions. I don't put down people for the things I'm doing
That's what Bruce ridded it. That's what I hate about the churches. You do carnal o'cona. Oh a carnal o'belmond
Do you have these?
I'm carnal o'belmond talk about a hypocrite as well documented that he was homosexual not only that
But that they used to have young boys who were brought off in limousines in the back door of the rectory or whatever
It's all where he was living. I mean and but I say that rectory
I'm very very carefully the rectum re right it's a 1248 out gold scenes here
I'm glad we got him into a real heated conversation because it we took a little break and a little
I'm digesting exactly you can hear it if you listen carefully you can hear the digesting going on and else perfect listen
Oh, that's exciting. It's almost for a graphic and we'll do a little break
I'm gonna keep him on his best behavior. He's not gonna take another mouthful to the least nine minutes
We'll be right back
If I had the ability to do I take you out here right now. Check your goddamn teeth
Well listen. I want to keep his memory alive. I want to make you happy 1252 at wiov
I'll go since you're not forget Rick and smut will be at
Joe Robbie I'm a city orange for am I getting older what Joe Robbie Stadium doing their show this afternoon
They've dick part you know
This park is older than both of us put together and he looks like the posted child for a teenage
Purple cream or something. It looks great. He does maybe he'll reveal his secret
I'm here they all I think he's showing for some show that he's doing now and the daughter and cheerleaders Jennifer and Mary
Soon probably to be posted show in and school magazine will be on four o'clock this afternoon Tim Robby will be on the show
Joe's a ganky at five o'clock and of course after sports talk at all times at a bike from Zeta clock
You showed up at the game you know about are you a baseball fan? No, I
I showed up these but I did buy season passes. They were tuna knowledge and I bought did you really?
Does I wanted to be part of the community?
But the food was good. I like the way they grilled the hot dogs out there
I mean that was serious grilling it was done on the griddle
When he first got here off the air he said you were right
I did eat the whole rest of the time because you were sitting back there and it was I felt great because I'm sandwiched
To you and fair rich and people said man you lost so much weight you look great
I lost the hunt sitting between you guys next thing I know you get up and you had some lame excuse
What did you say you were like I think I said I said I'm in the school no no you said you wanted to see the game or something
You know
Totally bogus and you're not full of me and I said well you know the food is about how did you mention it?
And you were over there the whole night. Yeah, I said they broke all the records for food sales
It wasn't because of the big it is good and it wasn't a rip off. I like that. It's nice
So you'll just go out there and eat food every night. Why?
During the season next day
It's okay for Mike Vex said it's okay
You know his father was a real hero of mine. He and should be in the baseball hall of fame. Absolutely
You're not a sports fan of yours. No one you're a friend of ours
I used to I used to love the Brooklyn Dodges and when they left Brooklyn I cried I know things
Babel's lifetime batting average is three-four
Garages three-four and they some memory that when I was four years old man. Oh, yeah
I think you were statistics Hank Bauer and Bobby O'Villard and all this
I didn't know Bob color was the right hand to throw I blew that in the year. I never heard the end of
Have you always been in into flush racing
30 years and I've learned nothing
I've learned absolutely nothing said maybe stay away
Do you ever go? No, I just can't see you with the track. Although I will say this if you go up to call
The racing is lounging but the food is insane. What do they say? I could take you up on the fourth floor at call in the clubhouse
They make a
And deli sandwich the best deli sandwiches of the fresh corn beef for strami roast beef and Swiss on big rolls
You would go nuts
Forget about the race. You're only once every half-all-eat where you look out the window
You have some passing
What is it most places in the world you cannot get a rare hamburger?
I mean, this has been my cause now. I want to want an answer
As I could say because most people don't like it wrong
So I would want but I was saying that you could be a very rare blood rare
It can do with most places and not do a rare forever. I find it amazing. I mean, this is the
Ultimate frustration in my life. I hope you keep reading that the movie was already
Leonard that caused this fixation with eating things raw. Is that what I mean?
Do you remember the movie I'm talking about?
No, which one was it? You don't remember the movie I'm talking about?
You were sitting
I don't remember when it was naked or whatever
Three years point of gravity back here about one. If anything should be banned
They should be it as you naked
But and you were like doing a commentary and then there were all these things going on in between
But you and Gloria Leonard was sitting there. I don't know what the hell it was about
But you were in it. You were very prominent in this movie. You don't remember it?
I remember it.
Cheers. I think
That's the one on the set they had chicken wings
Oh
God
So what are all these people doing?
I don't know. Let me ask you this.
Because this is a very important question. A lot of people are asking to ask you
John Holmes
John was a prosthetic or was it so?
No, it was real. You know, I covered his emergency trial for playboy
And when people would tell me this well
I would talk about other now. I know Patty's not gonna tell me he was the working man.
He was from hunger
But I heard of the one of the obvious people that was ever born
But I wouldn't give him my right on him
No, no
No, Jewish sites feel that
But I understand. But living he was incredible
But he was as you know by textual and he was a very heavy drug user
Very heavy drug user
This could be cocaine
He died two years ago, baby
Gloria Leonard is my neighbor in LA, you know
And she and the Dawson and the Vikings
Are we doing a show or is she like that?
She's up and also what is this thing?
Is he having a hormonal problem? What year are we?
I don't know if they have this confusion
Or I never think about a much better way
I know this thing about me
And maybe he's giving it back
He's kidding
News talk radio 610-WYOD presents
The Neil Roger Show
To get in touch and talk
dial 751-WYOD in date
524-WYOD in Broward
655-WYOD in the Palm Beach
And if you use a bell-thousand mobility car phone
It's a free call at star-I-O-D
The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers
Are not necessarily those of this station
Now here's Neil Rogers
Oh boy, it's the one to two hours
Summer 1990 is the summer of Dick Tracy
You'll see the movie
Listen to the soundtrack
Wear the t-shirt and read the comic book
And now just in time for Father's Day
You can enjoy the fragrance that was inspired by the movie
The soundtrack the t-shirt in the comic book
New Dick Tracy Cologne
Why smell like other guys?
Now you can smell like Dick
Okay 106-WYOD
Slim Al Goldstom is here puffing on a little stokey
We're having
See some people after sex
They have a little smoke
Al after each course
Has another stokey
Which is what about your fourth since you came in and went on
And it better bad
And you know this I keep a very clean mirror right over the food
So I'm double as excited
That's the turn on for me
People would come to my home
When I was dating before I married Patty
And they'd say it'd be a mirror over the bedroom
No, there's a lot of refrigerators in the bedroom
Food
You are gonna stop though
I'm not gonna stop on the break
I'm doing the break
I'm working
We're working desperately with Al to try to bring it back to the police
I'm out of the drug
I maintain and then I think Neil agrees with with this
That food is to me and to him
The way cocaine is to a drug user
I get it
It's a victim
It really is
I used to go there
Well nothing worse than skinny people who eat like pigs
And have never had a way problem
You know what I mean you're lame
And uh
But they don't appreciate food the way we do
My chick's the wife
Will eat tuna fish sandwiches
She doesn't know good food
I mean uh
She pees too
Probably um
Yeah
No one to me go to her is mashed potatoes with gravy
She loves
She loves McDonald's
I mean to her
I mean to her this is going main food
But when she's probably healthy with food
Food is something she just eats
But I
Dream about it
I get excited
I get mesmerized by food
And you do have so with Dom Delory
It was painful to movie
Wasn't it?
Yeah
Because I thought it was funny
I mean I get moments that you're gonna relate to
But I thought it was funny
There's so much pesos
I kept identifying with the part
Embedded night
And he's
Flicks through the TV
And every channel has got another spot
The hates are in the cheese
And oh god
It's so relatable
It is so relatable
Should we take
Do you think we're gonna get some
Cosper algolds today
Maybe some good
Maniacs
We get some hate
Not like the old days is it
See it's like when I used to have
Madeline or hair on all the time
And in the beginning
Changed to get all these religious nuts
That would call
And they would
Spue their hate and show what good religions
And then after like the
400th time
You wear them down
You wear down the resistance
And they just give up
Because they know that you're not gonna go away
And you're not gonna stop telling the truth
Right
And they can't handle it
Uh
Lantana
Yeah, ow
Hi
You also critique films for Penn House magazine
Yes, they do a monthly column for Penn House
And a monthly column for Forum
Oh okay
Now I was just warning
Could you like
Give like the top five top films
That are
You know have some kind of plot
Because you know
You watch some
You go into a
Into a video store
And you're walking around trying to find out
A good film
Let me wait a minute
Wait a minute
Wait a minute
Wait a minute
You see
In other words
A good film to your good
Porto film has to have a plot
Well not a plot
But you know
Now where a girl comes in
Rough front-hand motion
All of a sudden they're in 2069
You know
You want something
That has a buildup of characters
You know where
Not where
In other words
You want 60 through 68
Right
Which by the way is the important thing
Because it's the tease that makes it work
I mean you're absolutely right
Just
Just having people do it is tedious
And not boring
I think that's the exciting thing about
Dating is
I mean there is attention
To just do it right away
Is it
I mean I think boring
I think totally boring
I want to talk mostly about the older films
One is called Sex World
Which is really a well done
Slick film is a film called
To boo
I haven't really made that agree with these thoughts
Jerry Domiano some people say it can be pretentious
But I think the devil in this Jones is wonderful
Yeah
You know what
Oh
Yeah
Hate it
You know that if you eat too many of those white hops
It starts affecting the brain
All the fat starts flagulating under the veil
You know what I mean
The devil in this Jones
The only movie worse than that was Deep Stroke
Would you everybody talk about
What the worst
Port movies ever made
It's a funny
What is
Deep Stroke
Funny
Yeah it's funny
But not erotic
Oh no
You know at least
No
It's also a Harry Reams another ugly Jewish guy with hair
Right exactly
But devil in this Jones
Now here's the test
By I mean we rent a film devil in this Jones
And realize
Who is the genius
I, I'll go steam on Neil Rogers
And you'll see why I'm running for Sheriff and he's not
We know it's going to be you
Yeah I know why
I'm springing for lunch and he's eating it
Because you know
A lot of people tend to get ripped off
They just go in there and
Read my reviews in pen house
Seriously
The valuable
The problem is most of the films are so boring
That I'd look them
I looked them in video
And I go fast forward during the sex scenes
Because it all looks alike
And I only stop it for the dialogue
To see if there's anything sane
Most porn films are pathetic
Right
And there are no scripts
Right I have to agree with the acting
And it tends to
You know
The business
I mean so I'll find that there's more bad films coming out now
Yeah
And then the quality films like you say
It's even the beauty older ones
Where you know
Like like Debbie does Dallas
Right
Let me just say we shot in 35
35 millimeter
It took two or three weeks to do
Those films were really well done I think
And again I think probably
Devil and Miss Jones
Neil doesn't like
Because it did have some pretensions
But I liked it
Because it's about inside Jennifer Wow
Excellent
Excellent
I think it's a wonderful film
Bourbon Street
A guy named Bradley Metzka made wonderful movies
Camille 2000
He was really a superior filmmaker
And these are the films from the 70s
That are really good
And throw two, three, four us
Stupid stuff
I think it's like
Anyone now can just grab a can
Quarter get a couple girls and make their own
So you know
I have it on probably having it on ABC
I'm there
49
Well it was great talking to you
Thanks a lot now
Thanks
Okay 12 minutes after one at WIdea
We'll take a little break
And during that break I'll try to bring this man back
To some sense of reality
Your taste is marginal at best
