Radio 610 WIOD presents Neil Rogers to get a touch and talk call 751 WIOD in
Dave. 524 WIOD in Broward or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach. Other areas
may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guests or callers are not
necessarily those of the station. Now here's Neil Rogers on NewSort Radio 610 WIOD.
30 from a friend. 30 from a friend. 30 from another that's just fair
He's not around me.
They say he's out of work now.
He's got to fire his own lunch now.
And he'll never look back again.
He's fond of his enemy's quarry.
He's causing lots of snorry.
We're tired of hearing how the fuck got to school.
He's being a man or a bird now.
He needs to find a job now.
He's running out of dough so he's yakin' like a loo.
He heard it from a friend.
He heard it from a friend.
He heard it from another that's a bird not around.
Who, who?
Rock nobody!
Okay, it's enough of that.
10.07 and W.I.D.
We have all of celebrities in the studio today.
We've got Gilbert and Fat Rich.
Where the hell is Eric Marvin?
Is he in the building?
What does that mean?
What is this?
Why?
Don't go like this.
I'm not sure I know what that means.
Anyway, and we also have a surprise celebrity.
And boy, Gary's office, we understand through the grapevine.
I wonder what that's all about.
You think he's going to relent?
You think he's going to cave in and show up here.
And also Channel 6.
It must be a really slow news day.
Channel 6 is here desperate for something to make something out of nothing.
And we have the new times here.
We want to thank them profusely for.
In fact, Stan had it last night.
And Stan also had a couple of real Yenthas.
Yenthas in training.
We got a new deal here in South Florida.
We've discovered where all the condos Yenthas come from.
There's Eric right there.
Have a seat Eric.
We'll put you on in just a second.
In fact, maybe you and Gilbert want to get real familiar here while we are.
You'd set up.
Anyway, what was I talking about before Eric came in?
What was it?
You're not paying attention.
I'm just testing you.
You're not paying any attention.
No, you're just upset because you know who is in the other room.
I was asking the musical question.
Was he going to relent and come in?
Now do you understand what any of this is about?
You do.
Okay, give him that mic Gilbert.
Sure.
Because you'll have plenty of opportunity.
Now, you've got to get close to something Eric.
How long have you been listening to this show?
About a year.
About a year.
Is that Mike Conn-Melvin?
Or is he just a little bit more?
I'm just going to do an apply himself.
Go ahead.
Well, I saw a wounded bird when I was walking in.
We have an interesting piece that somebody sent on the fax machine about dead birds.
By the way, it says while sitting on a platform waiting to speak.
The 78-year-old Winston Churchill was handed a note by an aid.
Churchill glanced at the message which advised,
Prime Minister, your fly is unbuttoned.
Churchill then scrawled beneath it.
Never fear dead birds do not drop out of nests.
You get a Gilbert?
Okay.
And what we're going to do a little later on,
we're going to have a little contest to see which is the real Gilbert.
Is it real or is it Memorax?
Will that be good?
Sure.
Now, give Gilbert back.
We only have more than one microphone.
Come on, Rich.
Do something constructive.
We let you speak yesterday.
We'll never happen again.
Oh, look at that.
He's got a long one there.
I mean, the mic court.
Anyway, speaking of that, does anybody get the impression that Alex is desperate?
Boy, I mean, talk about horny.
Did you get that impression?
Because that's a topic for a show today.
Alex wants to get laid.
That's what it says on the thing here.
Again?
Yeah.
That's the subject again today.
Well, he's going to keep talking about it till something happens,
which I think maybe by July.
Okay, look at this.
We got a whole bunch of mics here.
We got the TV people.
And like I said, somebody is in with Boy Gary.
I've got the article here.
Let's do the first break right away.
Okay.
Is that okay, Gilbert?
Sure.
It's fabulous.
You sure?
Because you haven't said much yet.
Let's talk for a minute about the party last night.
That's what I was starting to get into about those Yantos and training that called Stan.
Boy, did that piss me off last night about?
Well, Neal Shide, Bill.
I didn't shine anybody.
Didn't I say on the year yesterday I probably wasn't going to be there?
Yes, you did.
Because it was his party and his audience.
And I didn't want to muscle in.
So I went to his house.
I gave him that very expensive gift that I bought him.
I know I wasn't real expensive, but they're nice binoculars.
So we can at least see his horses falling back at the track.
I had a fabulous time last night.
A lot of people.
Oh, yeah, that'd be about 300 people.
They had a way to buy a couple of shifts because I wasn't paid to EA.
It's fabulous.
And Lester was there.
Oh, yeah.
Lester was there.
Yeah, Matt.
Oh, great.
Well, I sure made the right decision.
You know, and also the one, you know, big eyes, you know, the one that was talking to me about your metamorphosis track.
The eyes?
Yes, they did.
Oh, man.
Did I make a good choice?
So is he a friend of yours?
Well, no, yes.
I'm a metamorphic eye.
Oh, good.
Well, that's good.
Better you than me, Gilbert.
All right.
So we're going to read the new Times article.
It's really not anywhere near as exciting as I thought it was going to be.
I guess they cut the really slanderous stuff out that he said.
Is that possible?
It's only one page.
It's got a beautiful picture of the bird.
He looks just like Ed Kaplan with the only teeth art is shiny.
And then they have a reasonable fact, similarly of me there.
And underneath it says, WI of the big mouth, Neorodges, which I take as a tremendous compliment.
It's not bad.
Did you see it, Eric?
I haven't looked at it yet.
Well, look at it.
I mean, the article while I'm doing the break here.
And then you can kind of get in on this too.
Look at that.
He's all got like a, are you dressed like that for a reason today?
Did you think this was like a classy place?
Of course not.
I wanted to look good.
Okay.
You didn't have to put any clothes on.
Look at that.
And now I thought it's a very post-settied that Alan Funt might be here.
Let's talk about Toyota Hollywood right now.
Come down.
Come in.
You think, so anyway, do you think he's going to come in?
You do? Why?
Oh, you went out and checked it out?
I just have a feeling.
Oh, you have a feeling that he's going to relent and come in here.
Wouldn't that be exciting?
God, that would be great.
What's up, bird?
What's up, bird?
Did you go for that?
The bird coming in?
Yeah.
Oh, that would be great.
That would be great.
You know why he's going to come in?
Because he knows there's food coming.
Anyway, let's tell you about Toyota Hollywood.
We've seen it WI of the D.
Before we read the article, by the way, we have a celebrity caller on the hotline.
Hello.
Neorodges.
Yeah.
They won't let me come see you.
Where are you?
I'm in a hidden place.
I'm hidden away.
Some place in the building.
In the balls of the building?
Yes.
Exactly.
The bird is in the balls of the building.
I can't.
All right.
You have to go bird.
I'm done.
Now listen, Bruce and Disney won't let me come in and see you.
Why not?
They said they didn't let it.
They didn't let it.
And I said, did you...
They don't want what?
They don't want me to come and confront you.
Why not?
You asked them.
I argued and argued and they said absolutely no.
They didn't want it on the air.
They didn't want what on the air.
They don't want me to confront you face to face.
They don't want me with what?
With the article about what's all this screaming and all these horrible, afflap things you've been saying about me for four days.
I read the article.
I don't see anything there and I want to talk to you.
Pretty weak.
Pretty weak.
Well, they took all the slanderers stuff out.
So why do you think there was slanderers stuff?
Well, that's what Fat Ritz said.
Fat Ritz.
Ritz, are you right here?
Okay.
Well, let me see if we can't get through to them.
I mean, are they decide who's going to be on this show now?
I think we have like, Ulth and Warfare here now.
I can't believe it that they're going to censor a guest on this show.
I mean, if Alex can have some bear-breasted bull bin here from the donut shop,
we can certainly have just a red-breasted...
and discuss this at 4.5 point with you.
And Disney and Bruce said, absolutely no and get out of the property.
Get out of the property?
That's what's good.
Woo!
But I found a hidden secret place,
because I can't describe it.
It's a thousand WIOD that I am calling you.
Now you see not everybody in your existence.
All of this is obviously set up.
This is a put-up job.
Well, that's what they're all going to say.
Now we have never contrived anything.
No.
No.
It's all real.
Except a weekend in Chicago.
There's that laugh again.
Yeah, I heard it.
Not quite as enthusiastic as it used to be.
Oh, well.
You know.
Oh, listen, I just want you to know that I'm still a fat gay atheist,
okay, because I saw that's one of the big things.
I'm still all of those things, okay.
I know.
Are you fat?
Yes.
Are you gay?
Yes.
Are you an atheist?
Yes.
What's the problem?
No.
But not screaming.
Not today.
I know some people who are screaming, but that's an understeering.
Well, you wouldn't be happy in here anyway, because Eric is in here,
and you did very upset when he's very good looking guy.
Although Eric is so pretty, he's probably prettier than a lot of the girls you've seen.
Okay, you don't mind my saying that, do you?
I don't know.
No, he likes that.
You mean I'm not saying that?
Are you a model, Eric?
Well, you should be.
You mean I'm not saying that?
Are you pretty, uh, yes, yes, yes.
I probably, I do.
Gilbert said Eric was pretty.
I wanted to be Gilbert.
Yeah, come on.
Well done.
Now wait a minute.
Don't say, come on, Don, are you the general manager now, Gilbert?
Yeah.
I mean, I know you're giving up fast in the business, but geez, don't lose me my job here today.
Now, what is their problem?
Why are they so hostile?
Let me just quote one thing.
I'm really article in a minute.
But it says December 5th, Gary Bruce, WI-D program director called me into his office.
This is you talking and said there was nothing wrong with my work.
They all liked my work.
Yeah.
So why are they so hostile toward you?
Well, they love you.
Also, I was invited in by Nick Lyne's couple of days ago.
Well, but you turned it down.
I turned it down.
Well, what made you change your mind?
Well, when I saw it.
What gave you a change of heart?
Oh, God.
Uh, when I saw the article.
In other words, it wasn't as vicious as you thought it would be.
So you figured it wouldn't be quite as hysterical in here, right?
No, I...
You suddenly developed a little bit, uh...
That has nothing to do with my regular article.
I really thought it was a very radical.
I didn't see anything in there that you've been screaming your head off about.
Well, I've been screaming based on what Howard Stern
who wrote the article told me or whatever his name is, Albert Stern.
Albert Stern.
And Fat Rich.
Well...
I mean, Fat Rich has been setting this thing up like it was verbal warfare.
I mean, a whole audience.
Look at that.
We got almost every line of the board flashing and puking and...
Well, I was...
Going nuts.
I wanted to talk about reality, what it really was in reality.
Now Gilbert's amazed with that phone.
Have you ever seen anything like that, Gilbert?
I've even enjoyed what it was on.
It wasn't that good, wasn't it?
Yes, it was.
It's like a Christmas tree.
A Christmas tree, yeah.
Yes, it was Hanukkah Bridge.
Yeah.
Let me do the material.
So anyway, you're in the building somewhere hidden out.
Like, he's taking the building hostage.
Well, Bruce discovered me.
He just opened the door and looked at me and left.
He looked at you and left.
He looked at me and left.
Oh, left.
But he said I was allowed to call.
But he said, I wanted to do it.
This whole thing has been in public.
What is he upset about?
I don't know.
Go see if the boy Geary's upset, Rich.
Go out there and do some good work here.
This is incredible.
The whole thing has been in public.
We have to send Super Yand out to see what the hell's going on.
I wanted it to continue in public.
Not in private.
Exactly.
We don't like this backstabby.
Now, you want to think you at least admit about me.
I come right out on the year.
I know you're listening.
I say it right out there, right?
Well, even if you don't like it, I say it.
I don't call up that rich at home at night.
It's all that the SOB, the bird.
I don't do that.
I come right out and lay it on the line.
Do you?
Yes.
I'll be glad to lay it on the line.
Eric and I have some things to do here first, but when we're done.
Well, that's what I wanted to do with this.
Well, you want to do with Eric too?
Alex Bennett made.
I think he's going to do it with anything that moves.
You better watch out if he comes into building.
Very desperate man.
This has been in the right of day.
This whole thing.
I want to continue that.
Can I put you on hold for a second?
You're not going anywhere, are you?
Where if I got to go?
What else is he going to do?
Well, that's true.
I don't want to come back to the phone and find out they're carrying you out.
Remember in network when they dragged Howard Beal off?
And let's they do that.
Do you remember that scene?
And let that happen.
I'll be here.
Okay, hold on.
Okay, the bird is on hold.
He's somewhere in the building.
And the right now fat rich is in there just trying to...
He probably, the fat rich created tremendous problem because you know him.
And he's like, what's your problem?
Don't be a little diplomatic rich.
Okay, I mean, you don't work here.
You just kind of stick your nose in everybody's business.
And then they just go out there and just find out why they're so uptight.
I don't see anything wrong with this.
We invited the man to come in.
They never said to me, oh gee, you shouldn't have done that.
They never got...
I haven't heard a word from them.
Of course they don't speak to me.
But that's another story.
Anyway, Gilbert loves char-hut.
Yes.
Oh, thank God.
Are you awake, Gilbert?
Are you just in the state of shock there?
No, I'm not awake.
I'm awake.
Okay, you'll love char.
They'll be open in seven and a half minutes, by the way.
The serve lunch.
A lot of people like lunch early, right?
Yes, that's good.
You'll love the early bird, so to speak.
And they serve real food.
We'll fast the great new surloin steak sandwich with a barbecue sauce, the char-hut big...
Okay, 1026.
Can you hear me, am I on?
Am I on?
Am I on?
I don't know.
Anyway, I'm not in the studio.
So I don't want anybody to start playing Butch Blossom.
I kind of left.
I figured I'd walk around a building and see if I could find anybody.
And we're in a little in the bowels of the building now.
I've got a little short cord here, but I've always had that problem.
So you can't come in, huh?
You could have knocked me over with a feather.
Well, you said that a lot.
You could knock you over with a feather.
Wow.
That's another story.
I don't understand it, because it says here that they like your work.
They like you.
They were going to offer you weekends.
Yes, that's what he told me.
And they love you, but they don't want you in that studio, boy.
I can't believe it.
They told me to get out of the off the property.
Off the property, they told you?
Yeah.
What does that mean?
Leave.
They're like Gilberdon.
Well, what does that tell you?
Maybe Gilbert could come in here for a second.
Gilbert?
Yeah, hi, hi.
Hi, darling.
Oh, is he my buddy now?
Come on, Gilbert.
Just for a minute.
Okay.
Have a minute.
Gilbert's going to be a Gilbert in Eric.
Are going to replace you.
We can't do it with one person.
Of course, Gilbert.
Fascinating.
You know, I have been Gilbert.
Yes, oh my.
Get in here.
Gilbert.
I'm like, excuse me for a minute.
Yeah, excuse Gilbert for just a second.
He's got an important outside appearance to make.
Well, you're in such demand, Gilbert.
It's incredible.
Hey, Gilbert.
I don't know.
All right, not too loud, not too loud.
You're right here at this.
We're hidden.
This is the boughs of the building.
Is this incredible?
Yes, that is.
The extent we have to go to to accomplish anything around here.
Were you surprised that I showed up or that I wasn't invited in?
Yes, I'm...
Wait a minute.
That you weren't invited in.
Don't say that to me.
We invited you in.
Well, I'm fat rich.
What I meant was...
Social director.
Yeah.
That they wouldn't let me in this morning.
This is a big surprise to see you and me together like this.
Yes, sure is.
It makes me wonder what it's all about.
You know, you'll remind me of a good compliment.
There you go.
Like, uh...
Glad, do you know Ed Kaplan?
Ed Kaplan.
No.
Well, you look a lot like Ed Kaplan.
I do.
Yes, huh.
I was not as deep as Ed.
I've heard about it as a seed.
So you read the article, Gilbert, with the reaction.
I'm not yet.
I haven't had a good idea.
Well, you haven't read it.
Because I've been so excited to be here on-person and this is a big surprise.
Yeah, isn't it?
Yes, I'm surprised.
I can't deny that I'm surprised.
What's going on, Rich?
They upset?
I have a minute.
Oh.
Okay.
Well, the turnier and Kier is hitting the wall out there.
Let's go.
Okay.
Don't force him.
Okay.
Okay.
That's it.
So do a little interview.
Find out why he's all upset.
Okay.
Fly on your upset.
Upset?
Yeah.
About what?
I'm not upset.
Uh, I simply...
There's been a guy here who's been for two months saying things about me that are awful or...
Or not true or giving wrong impressions.
And because I don't have a voice right now, in other words, my own show or any place I wanted to set the record straight on a couple of things and just sort of give my side of it.
Anything wrong?
Well, I just should be entitled.
So it's a obvious side of you.
You would think.
Ah!
That's just what.
Well, when you read the article, there's some things in here about a...well, for example...
No, no, no.
Why they picked that to put in big letters.
Yeah, screaming.
You're just screaming.
Uh, I wondered if it...
Well, it's really...
The article turns out simply to be like a history of the team, what happened, and a few incidents.
That's all, you know.
How did you find...
Uh, Neil.
How did I find him?
Yes.
Well, I was working over at the...
He was sitting in a room.
Alone, screaming and yelling and his blood pressure going through the roof.
And I sort of came in and, uh, calmed him down a little bit.
Maybe in a little bit.
I did not make him into what he is today.
I did not make him funnier.
I didn't do that.
My goal, the entire time I was with Neil Gilbert, was just to make the show better if I could.
And then, to...to contribute a little bit.
And, um...
Don't give him a...
Don't give him a...
Don't give him a...
Don't give him a...
I've got one problem or don't...
Do we have a problem?
No, I don't think so.
And, uh...
I think I may have been a little misunderstood, Gilbert.
Uh, I've always admired this man.
I was a big fan.
I'm here for our live studio audience out here, by the way.
Here we go.
This is great.
By the way, Neil.
Incredible.
Look at all this.
And it got the TV channel 6's here.
This is gonna be on the news tonight, by the way, on Channel 6, Gilbert.
I miss it.
I'm looking forward to it when I can come.
Don't do me too.
Don't miss it.
You know, the...
The Jezelle Fernandez show.
Um...
Over on Channel 6.
But, time is an on.
So, I can tick.
On sex.
Six thirty, maybe.
Okay, I'll play it on...
Six o'clock on sex.
Yeah.
I'm seeing me sick.
Don't turn it off.
By the way, boycarry isn't a meeting in the...
My conference room and isn't oblivious.
You know my way, Gilbert.
But, I guess I...
Oh, God.
But, I guess I...
Oh, God.
But, I guess I...
I guess I can continue to talk...
Story of my life.
I was hoping Eric would be doing a hugging and it's Gilbert cheese.
Hello.
Yeah, I still have a mic.
Yeah, you still have the mic.
This is...
Yeah, but it's better if I'm back in here, isn't it?
I...
Well, this is sort of like Kermit and McBean.
You know what's going on?
You're in one room.
I'm in the other.
Kermit has been a meeting in the conference room.
Oh, yeah.
Today is Wednesday.
They have those big meetings to set up next week's meeting.
Okay.
So, what do you want?
Oh, no.
Come, I can't hear him.
What the hell just happened?
Hello.
Hello.
What?
This is like Kermit and McBean.
I love that.
Oh, yeah.
You're in a room.
They need some help.
You want to sneak in over there and say they can't help them.
Can you say post 97?
You bet.
You bet your whatever.
Great.
Okay, that's good to be back in here.
I got some material I can use.
Okay, I guess I should read the article on here.
Should I?
Yeah.
And I would like to do the comment occasionally.
That's pop.
During the reading?
Yes.
Why not?
Can't we wait till we finish?
It's not that long.
No, it's one of the article either.
One page.
Put it away or it can go.
Why can't we go through it like point by point and go through it?
Can I read it first?
Would you like?
And then we can go back and go over it point by point.
Wouldn't that be better?
It'll kill a lot more time, too.
True.
Okay, hold on.
What do you mean, hold on?
He's not on the phone anymore.
All right.
Let's do that break now, Melvin, because I got to read this thing.
It'll take about five minutes.
It's all in there.
Go over it point by point.
It's America.
You want to have a right to say your thing.
Well, thank you.
And I, well, Mel, seriously, I don't know what they're also hysterical about.
What the hell did you look at?
Look at Christine.
And she looks like she saw ghost.
God.
What are they all uptight about?
What the hell is their problem?
I don't know.
Other than usual.
What's the usual problem?
Brain damage?
Will they bring me food in this room?
And now we find out why you came here.
Okay.
There's one of those old laughs.
Great.
Oh, man.
All of a sudden my appetite is...
No, all right.
27 to 11.
And W.I.
Do a little break.
We've got the bird in the booth.
And Gilbert in the box.
And Eric is sitting here taking his clothes out very slowly.
And just telling him to keep his clothes on Eric.
We don't want to be...
I mean, what's your name?
Gilbert.
Okay.
26 till...
You know, Marvin already.
You know, it's not getting very shook up when Eric comes in.
Because I'm just not used to seeing anybody look human.
I have to look at Melvin every day.
All right.
It's 1034.
W.I.
Do you want to do it?
We'll be right back.
You know, I never will.
I just be in a little good.
But he'll come for kids.
Okay.
1038.
It's 22 till 11.
Have you ever been...
...a word has ever been spoken.
I just stood dummy up in there.
I will have you kicked out of the property.
Okay.
But of course, then you can go over to Channel 7.
Yes.
And create some real problems for them.
So, I don't know what their story is.
They must be having executive meetings about this now.
We'll send Rich out to crash the meeting in a minute.
Okay.
Now, here everybody be quiet.
I'm going to read this.
Verb atem.
Verb Bolton from New Times, page 4.
And the circulation guide didn't show up from New Times.
He must be ugly.
He didn't come in here today.
Okay.
It says Rodgers to Hill.
Bye, bye, birdie.
The business of radio is well known for its revolving door.
They must have written a story here.
One minute.
One minute.
You're on the year.
The next minute you're on the sidewalk.
So common is the in and out routine.
Hmm.
That must be on the Alex Bennett show they're talking about.
So common is the in and out routine.
That the door is usually kept well oiled occasionally though it's
squeaks.
I wouldn't you know that.
Oh, there.
In a racquet squeak.
Yes.
Occasionally though it squeaks is some poor slob tumbles out to an uncertain future.
And so Glenn the bird hill recently fired from his job at WIOD AM in
Syntech to Top Show terror Neil Rogers isn't quite willing to slip silently
into oblivion.
And Roger sampled his foremost purveyor of pure spleen is not what
he was willing to put up with the birds squawking.
The axe fell on the birds neck in December and he says it came as a complete surprise.
I had no inkling.
I thought we were a team.
I thought this was my job.
Naive says Rogers.
If Hills firing came as a shock that's only because his ears were plugged up.
And I've got news for you.
Anybody else would have canned his ass a long time before I did.
Such is life on the airwaves.
Hill is not a work but not for the first time in his career.
Between 1976 and 86 he delivered afternoon news and entertainment reviews
at Love 94.
I.R.A. will be right with you.
Ultimately leaving that stuff he's right in that room over there.
Ultimately leaving that station under mutually acrimonia circumstances.
He was hanging out at the WIOD's in New Zealand in 1987 hoping to land a permanent position
when he met Neil Rogers who's talk show was shifting from issues oriented
frothing to stream of consciousness frothing.
I started bringing in the mail to him recalls Hill and started staying on the air for a few minutes.
When Rogers moved his act to WZTA FM on weekday mornings in November 1987 Hill went with him.
His role expanded to that a featured presence on the show is distinctive cackel of a laugh
punctuating Rogers diet drives against neighbors rival radio personalities and so forth.
The morning show was hugely successful, garnering top ratings but according to Hill,
the program's risk-a-comedy in a protected legal tangle with Coral Gables attorney Jack Thompson began attracting the attention of the FCC
that made Zeta management uncomfortable and that made Rogers uncomfortable so whenever a November 1988 Rogers packed up his insults
and moved to WIOD AM where his midday program has been a ratings winner winner ever since.
Hill went with him and that's when the trouble began.
Hill says when I met Neil he was a fat gay atheist sitting in a room and screaming.
I attempted to take the edge off his hatred to inject something positive, some goodness and humor into the show.
I could tell that I calmed him down.
Rogers, I've been in the business for 30 years. That means there were 27 years before I met Glenn Hill.
I had a lot of success in this market before I met Glenn. He didn't make me funnier.
That really cracks me up that I was a miserable person before he came along. That's hysterical.
Hill pinpoints this past August as the turning point in their relationship.
The baseball season was hot and the Chicago Cubs were making a serious run for the pennant. Right Gilbert?
Yes.
Rogers, I'm into sports. I like the Cubs. I talk about it all baseball season but every time I bring it up he take his mic and slam it on the table,
put his head down and start pounding and sulking.
Hill says I have no interest in sports. It borrows me and I would act bored.
The only section of the newspaper Neil would read was the sports section. I've never known anyone like that.
Hill admits he threw temper tantrums but says he cooled it after Rogers asked him to stop.
Nonetheless Rogers began attacking him on the air bringing up subjects that Hill had thought would remain private.
Rogers, the only way I found success in dealing with a bird was by ripping him on the air.
Look at that little joys here. Come on and enjoy the party. Be part of our live studio audience. His food coming.
Otherwise what I said went in one ear and out the other would last for a couple of weeks but then the addicts would start again.
Hill, he harassed me about anything he could.
Example, Rogers said the bird took a twinkie apparently a young girl aside and ignored other fans at a personal appearance at Toyota of Hollywood.
Hill claims that was not the case but says I made certain that nothing like it would happen in other personal appearances.
Now he says that I always took a twinkie off in the corner.
He never forgets and he never forgives.
Rogers, the ripping was part of his role on the show, part of why he was here to be ripped.
The problem was that he became a liability instead of an asset. He got way beyond the original role to sit in the back laugh a little bit.
Take care of certain odds and ends and just be an adjunct but he wanted to be an equal, wanted it to be a two man show.
I don't do a two man show.
The end for the bird came on December 5th. A Tuesday.
Hill says Gary Bruce W.I.V.D. program director called me into his orifice and said that there was nothing wrong with my work that they all liked my work.
He said, Neil Rogers wants you off the show.
I thought it was a joke. I was waiting for another sentence but there was no other sentence.
Rogers was not present at the meeting. I'm the one who said a general manager Mike Disney, he's got to go.
And they jumped at it the next day they said, audio's goodbye. You're fired. They obviously were in accord with it.
That week Hill says he called Rogers who was cordial and friendly. The following Monday however, Rogers again began to rip into the bird inviting callers to voice their opinions about Hill's firing.
The audience according to Rogers supported it almost unanimously to the bird. It was the trail.
Hill people were always telling me he was hateful. It took three years but after my firing I found out that was true.
Rogers, he was unemployed doing nothing when we made a jump form out of nothing and out of coming in and laughing and stuffing his face with a free meal every day for three years.
We gave him a hell of an opportunity getting paid $50,000 to laugh and eat. But he couldn't just do that. His head got too big for his riches. He wanted to be a superstar.
Hill, Neil made me a name. If you know him, you know me. I thought I could parlay that into something good that that hasn't happened.
I want to remain friends. There's no reason not to. I thought maybe I could see him sometimes maybe go to the track with him, but he doesn't seem to want that.
Rogers, we had no relationship. There was no personal friendship or common interest. I'm not interested in ripping back. I wish him luck and hope he finds himself a job.
I'm doing better now that he's gone. I feel liberated.
End of quote and of article by Albert Stern.
You got it? Did he pass out? Did they get him out of the door? Oh, he's in there. I'm still here. Believe it or not.
Well, that's it. That's the end. Okay. It's all they wrote. Now there was obviously a lot more said a lot more than that. Well, that's what Albert's spirit told me. He was reading from the notes. Now he came to your house. Let's go back to the beginning. Okay. How did this article come about? Did they call you? No.
Oh, I told you I wanted to you told me no. I told you a few minutes ago. No, I told you a few minutes ago. I wanted to forget about that. I wasn't in there. I was just make believe. Okay. I don't want to get you know the powers that be upset. I wanted to know how emotional and erratic or I wanted my voice of property. What?
I wanted to say my piece. I wanted to get my side of the story. So I called them. Well, I wouldn't you call a Harold? I would you call new times? I mean, new time is pretty marginal. Isn't it? No. No. Like a mainstream publication that everybody reads is like a household word.
I think a lot of people see it. I find it pervasive down here. I see it everywhere. I go and I thought it's pervasive. That's what I find it everywhere. I go every. Well, people from Channel six are not in yes. It's everywhere. Yeah, absolutely.
They're not talking about the same thing, but I'm trying to give you this was my. Nobody reads new time. Come on. Everybody looks at it. It's in the growth based out of their mind. Your. Eric, did you ever read new times? I think it wants to. No, I mean, new times.
Don't we don't want to get your personal life yet. That's a little later. One. I read the magazine. Now why did that rich think it was a vicious? Why did he think that he's here? Is his mic open, Melvin? I know.
And his microphone open. I never. Okay. Your mic is open. I like it. Well, slide it forward. Don't sit in a bag. Don't be a limp. Now you're the big trouble. Make you the one created most of this. Well, first of all, Glenn, why don't you tell me about the why you didn't go? Can't you hear?
He's way in the back. Why I don't feel like Alex Bennett. Don't I don't put your hands in front of the mic. That's it. Why am I go to the hero? Yeah, because he didn't what you told me the other night. What? I don't remember. Remind me of that. Good. That new. That new times was number one on your list. And if they wouldn't pick up the story, then you would go to Tom. Tom Jicca of the hero. Or one. Yeah. Yeah. I think it doesn't work. I mean, I thought someone would listen to my story. New times was my first story. What story? My side of the story. What's that?
Of what story? You got not allowed to have a side. Well, I guess, but I mean, you got fired. It happens in this bit. Have you been fired before? Yeah. Will you be fired again? Probably. Well, there you go. So. So that's life. That's life in the radio. Bizz. Okay. Had a good run for almost three years. Wasn't it a soft touch? Yeah, dealing with you. That was like going up a lot. Okay. Here we go. Dealing with me. This is excellent. Let's hear about it. Well.
You know, you're the easiest person on the face of the earth to get along with every day. No, but when you feed somebody every day and you pay them that kind of money and you create jobs for them when they're not even wanted. Don't you understand that when I went to Zeta, I had, I had lunch with Gary Lawrence. Do you remember that? Because I told you about it. Yeah. And lunch with Gary Lawrence. He said we want to put you on the FM in the morning. We're trying to save Zeta. The thing is going over like a pregnant pool of alter. And I said, okay, I think I'll give it a shot. I sounds like great opportunity. And he said, who do you want to know? You know, I'm
going to have a morning show. Can't have one person who do you want with you? And you were the first person I mentioned and he looked at me and he was hysterical. Like are you nuts? Was it a correct decision? Do you think on your part? You're looking at it in retrospect. For Zeta, yeah, morning show. Okay. Everything was fine. Great. All right. Capita was pretty good too. I agree. Wasn't it? Yes. You get along with Dave? Yeah. Very well. Always have. I'd known Dave for decades. Are we missing something? Didn't we have a little episode here on the year?
About back in November? Oh, yeah. But we straightened all that. Okay. Well, no, I just want to make sure. Okay. So we did that. And then obviously I have now the thing in the article here about the FCC and all of a sudden that was a part of it. But let's face it. I think there's a little more to leaving over there. Then just that wasn't there. You know, sure. Well, this is just what they decided to print working for morons. Oh, they don't want to put that in there. Yeah. So I called my agent and we made a deal for over here. And I said demanded that you be part of it. Right?
Yes. And I found out what you wanted to get paid. And I got it. Yeah. Right? That's correct. And you came over here. So we created a thing. So the idea that I wasn't to put it your way, the easiest person. All you had to do is come in kind of chuck a little bit, eat that food, read the inquire. It's amazing that I read the sports section. I didn't see you reading any great. The New York Times or the Washington Post. You were reading the star and the inquire and all the tabloids, which was part of the show. Yes. Also, I don't have to read the Harold and the Sun Centennial. We're do the thank God or US News and World Report or all those other facts.
I can just sit and read the sport. Whatever. I'm interested in. Okay? Because I don't discuss those other things on the show. I see the news on CNN. I mean, it can make come as a shock. But I am fairly aware what's going on in the world. You know, right? Yeah, oh. And I was here. So what was the problem? What was so difficult about what about working with me every day? Well, you come over here with me. No, I'm not kidding. No.
Come on, don't toll it back.
Let's get with it.
Let's do it.
I'm not even in the same room.
This is kind of neat, actually.
This may be something to this.
Yeah.
What's the answer?
I got to do a break in a minute.
What's the answer to the question?
You want to think about it while I do the break?
Good idea.
Okay, make some notes.
Okay, 1050, a WIOD, and the boy, we got our own live studio audience here, ladies and
gentlemen.
What is it?
I seem to enjoy this.
Yeah.
Anyway, with Valentine, okay, I just got your free car wash.
Are you in there?
Me?
Yeah, I just got your free car wash.
You did?
Okay.
All right, now let's hold it, wait till we hear what he has to say and then we'll decide.
All right, go ahead.
Well, this kind of changes things.
Yeah, free car wash.
No, no, no.
Who coming to from Reno's, by the way, just be patient.
We're real, you want what?
Somebody pull it.
Yeah, I want some too, but still got his clothes on.
Go ahead.
We go point by point.
Now, what was the question before the break?
Let's reflect.
Like three times.
Yeah, it's quite clear.
It was so difficult coming.
First of all, I don't understand what this has to do with anything because it goes with
the territory.
In other words, if I'm a tough guy to work with, nobody forced you to come in.
In other words, you could ride well.
You're a son of a bitch.
I don't like taking all this abuse and you're a bad guy.
And I'm going to go like back to love 94 or something or whatever it would have been.
I never said that.
Well, what was the problem?
I don't know if that's the right word.
I was willing to put up with it.
And I tolerated it.
Yes.
And I attempted to stand up to you when I disagreed with you.
I used to disagree with you every day, but nobody, everybody just said I was like this butt
kisser, you know, and yes, man, which I don't believe I am.
I tried to stand up to you when I felt differently than you did about things, which I thought you
would have to happen every day.
Is that funny?
Well, Gilbert, almost anything.
You know how that goes.
And so I was willing to do it.
But sometimes you would get things in your head and it didn't matter what anybody said.
You didn't hear their side occasionally.
I was willing to put up with that, but I thought there was a little bit to it.
And you still, to this day, tell the job, he came in, he laughed five or six times,
you know, he ate a free lunch and he went home and that really wasn't the job.
That really, okay, what was the job?
Redefine the job.
And then we'll see where you and I have a difference of opinion.
Okay.
Was the job was to support you, which I did want to do.
And to like when I was in court that one morning when I was on vacation and all those women
would call it, oh, it's so wonderful hearing you plan that Neil is such a bad sir.
They said that I didn't.
No, you sucked up to him.
You loved it.
You loved every second of it.
No, you never once.
Not once was there any word, not a whimper of defense, not even a cackle of defense.
It was always, oh, well, he's so intimidating, you know.
They used to say that.
They did.
I mean, this is kind of like juvenile, you know, it's really petty.
Let's get to the big stuff.
Let's get to the meat of the matter, right, Eric?
Okay.
Or really?
Go ahead.
That was easy.
Go ahead.
Henry's coming in here.
This is exciting.
Well, Harry's probably got to do the, ooh, I can't say that.
Well, they all know where you are.
Henry's going to do the news.
Yeah, they all know where I am now.
Well, I've been Henry.
I'll be done here in a second.
That's for sure.
Okay.
So what is it now?
Let's hear it.
I don't hear too much.
Okay.
I gave you all that time during the break to come up with all your best shot.
I'm not hearing too much.
I'm hearing a lot of lame about how I wasn't Mr. Perfect and I was a little antagonistic
and I was a bad guy and all of that.
I didn't say you were bad, man.
What about it?
What about what's the problem?
What?
What point are we talking about?
Well, for the reason, let me try, I want to put this delicately, but the reason that you're
not here anymore is because I had a bigger problem than when you're describing, okay?
And what would that be?
Well, we've already talked about it in the article.
Okay.
It just got to the point and you've even said in here, you've never, where's that line
again?
You've never met anybody like that because you think I have an obsessive interest in
sports.
Yes.
And a lot of things like people would call from upstate New York and that would get you
all bent out of shape.
If it wasn't related to you, now.
You don't want to hear about it.
I disagree.
Oh, I deny that.
Okay.
But with sports, I do admit that.
I don't know.
In other words, when people from Rochester would call in, you didn't want equal time for
somebody from Lakeland.
No.
No, of course not.
You're the one you used to bring up Lakeland constantly.
I didn't.
Yeah.
I don't think we have a little more to talk about.
After the news.
Oh.
Okay.
Well, listen, we have the news coming up now.
Is Henry in there?
Yes.
Is he okay?
All right.
Is he standing up?
Yeah.
Prop him up in there.
You can do something.
That could be a part of your new job description.
Prop him up in there.
Give me a helping hand.
And then we'll come back and we'll finish up.
Find out exactly what the problem was.
And then of course, we'll take some call.
You want to take some calls, don't you?
You want to take some call?
Yes.
Oh, okay.
Can you take some calls, Gilbert?
Yes.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay.
Gilbert's got the 11 o'clock news.
I mean, the Henry.
And then we'll come back at 11 o'clock.
What's Alex doing today?
Alex is horny as what it says on the sheet.
Comedian Jackie Bennett TV weekend anchor Diana Morgan.
Maybe there's a chance for him and we'll be right back.
Close to the station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on New Start Radio 610 WIOD.
It's gonna be hot.
We want some from here to pack the dinner.
Okay.
Gilbert, try to control yourself.
I know it was a hell of a party last night and you're on an emotional high and you're
up.
What did you say now about all the excitement that happened in one hour?
You got to be on Channel 6?
Yes.
And to meet the interview the bird.
I'm shocked.
All in the first half.
We put it.
It's like killing two bites and one star.
And I was so to speak.
Okay.
Gilbert said that.
I didn't say that.
All right.
We're going to get some calls here.
But now during the news, you've had a lot.
We really are giving you a lot of time to put it together.
Yes.
And now what is it?
What is there something here that you're not saying?
Don't hold back.
Okay.
Because we can't see you.
You're protected by bulletproof glass.
Good.
Maybe things would have worked out better if you'd have been in there all along.
You know, it's a thought.
Henry says no.
Go ahead now.
Let me step on your material.
I just want to say I'm a tough guy to work with.
And I'm.
Now what's this line here?
Never forgets.
Never forgets.
Oh, that's true.
You argue with that?
Well, I have a body like an elephant in a brain to match.
I never forget.
I agree.
You never forget anything.
And I never forgive.
That's correct.
That's correct.
And if you believe that.
Okay.
So that's about it, huh?
I just want to say that I did the job to the best of my ability.
Right.
I dealt with it.
No question about it.
For a time there, it was just tremendous.
And awesome.
Awesome.
Awesome.
For a while.
And I really.
Gilbert says it was awesome.
I really, that was me.
That was my personality.
I'm a person.
I have a personality.
I really don't.
I really don't apologize for anything I did.
Well, that's good.
Okay.
And I don't either.
All right.
So it's kind of like we're to still mate.
Are we?
Well, now let's let the callers kind of.
And then we have our own studio audience here that's going to vote on it after we eat.
Vote.
Oh, jeez.
Well, it's like Judge Wap, all the studio audience.
Yeah.
So the studio audience.
I don't mean any of you.
No, because that's all set up.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, the dork lady will be calling 100 times.
And Robin.
Oh, no, you're really?
Are you going to be Judge Wap, your name Gilbert?
Yes, I am.
Gilbert's going to be, he's got the final say.
He's putting his robes on right now.
Perfect.
Excellent.
Reno's is downstairs.
The food is here.
So everybody's going to be in a great my look at Joey.
Boy, he just came back to life.
And who's going to bring me food?
Well, that depends upon your behavior in the next few minutes.
Now, do you want to take anything back?
No.
Okay.
Well, that's good.
You're sure, though, the food will be.
Okay.
Now, there's boy Gary is in there with his suspenders.
He goes to somewhat.
Yeah.
I don't know what the word is.
They make physically really little agitated because he gave orders and we have disobeyed again.
Yeah.
I don't know why he's so hostile with you.
I don't either.
All right.
Now, let me ask Boy, Gary a question.
Is this a correct quote?
December 5th, Gary Bruce called me into his office and said that there was nothing wrong with my work,
that they all liked my work.
He said, Neil Rogers wants you off the show.
Is that correct?
He said, you're full of crap.
What?
What, I make this up.
He said, now, would you like to have him come in there?
We can have, listen, I think by the end by two o'clock, we can have like a 20-way debate.
This could be better than the United Nations.
Only it'll all be in English.
Right, Gilbert?
Yeah.
Except your part.
And it'll be incredible.
We can have Mitch just came into debate a little bit also.
He wants to come in and make sure you don't mess up any equipment in there.
He remembers many of the days when you spilled food all over this table.
Oh, Jesus.
Right?
You never did.
What?
You never spilled.
He wants to in a great while, but not like you.
You were like, not as bad as Melvin though.
Melvin spilled stuff cabbage.
All of what we shouldn't say, because my Mitch doesn't know about it.
Okay, let's take some calls now.
The bird is on in the thing there.
The bird booth.
The bird booth.
Okay, Kendall.
Hey, yeah.
I don't have a lot of time.
I just want to say, put bird on in place of Larry King and the world will be a better place.
How's that?
Excellent call, sir.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Sure was.
What's the question?
Okay.
Hey, listen, but another thing I'd like to mention too.
You said that after your departure, you called it says, um, yes.
The conversation was cordial and friendly.
Relatively.
Yeah.
And didn't I say to you?
Because basically what I said to them, I said to Disney and you could bring them in here to verify when we cross examine him a little later on when he takes the witness stand.
Mm-hmm.
I said to him, because I knew at that time that Stan was not going to do two to six permanently.
There was no, there was like 99% chance.
I didn't tell him that until much later on because I was asked not to.
Okay, it just would have been wrong.
But I did tell you that.
Did not tell me what that Stan was going to be history.
Yes.
And I said, I went to Disney and when we talked about all of this, um, because I talked to him on the phone one night and I came in the next morning and we discussed all of this and I said, you know, maybe
two to six because I do four hours of one thing and there are a lot of people who listen to me who relate to different phone calls.
You're talking about the phone call when you called me the night before which would have been a Monday night before the firing.
Right.
Called me on the right.
You're talking about this is exactly referring to another phone.
Exactly.
Okay, you called me and I put in a pitch for you and possibly do again, possibly do two to six.
Yes.
If Stan wasn't going to be the one because they hadn't hired Alex.
The whole thing was in limbo.
Yes.
They were definitely going to make a change.
It was little doubt in my mind.
And I was that true?
It's what true.
What I just said.
Yes.
Okay.
So if this was personally vindictive, it would have done because I'm a, in other words, if moving you out of this show is because I'm a son of a bitch and an
nasty guy.
I never said that.
And why, why you said I was screwy, I think is the one I think you got that from Disney.
No.
I'm quick using his material, by the way, but I think basically if I was vindictive, I'd just say get him out of the building.
Get him off the property.
I would have said, get him off the property.
I never said there are the ones who want you off the property.
I'm the one.
It's a, get him in here.
Where's the word?
I don't have any personal vindictiveness.
I don't see that word.
I would, I think you should have a wonderful job somewhere.
I'm surprised you don't.
Me too.
Well, can I change that?
Most people I know in this business wind up out of work sooner or later.
And when you think they should have a job, they struggle.
That's the nature of the business.
Am I responsible for that?
No.
Oh.
Okay.
It's what?
Not directly.
No.
It says here.
You talked to General Manager Mike Disney on Monday.
Yeah.
And you said he's got to go.
Yeah.
Okay.
Off my show.
Yeah.
Not off the station.
That's correct.
And when I talked to him on Tuesday, he said, well, you know, I really like he's been loyal and great and he shows up and this and that.
And we'd like to find a spot for him.
I said, great, fine.
I was completely supportive.
Right.
And then of course they came to their, I mean, they decided that that wasn't going to happen.
Okay.
Okay.
And that's it.
And I can't do I control them.
Boy, no kidding.
No.
Did I control a Dick Farrell coming to WIOD?
Was that a neo-rodgers happening?
That they had to learn their own lesson the hard way because they never learn here because of that WIOD revolving door out front that they grease up every morning?
Was that my doing?
No.
That's part of the syndrome here.
It's proven.
It's past 11 at WIOD.
Let's talk about nutrition for we do the science.
Okay.
It's 11.16.
The food critic has just gone down.
Steve, how are we doing?
Doing great.
Mr. Food Jr.
I just gone downstairs to check on the progress of the food.
Everything he does not are controlled on their renos is here.
We got a lot.
They bring a lot.
Oh, God.
I just found, look at this.
I just found two cards together that are going to have such tremendous significance.
The birds of Lyre.
The birds of Lyre.
The birds of Lyre.
The birds of Lyre.
The birds of Lyre.
The fact rich said that the birds of Lyre.
That's all right.
That's okay.
Well, in good moods today, you can say that.
That's okay.
Those were in tandem, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
Now I want to talk about another point in the article.
Boy, here he's a little mellowed on it.
He was the actual chocolate.
He chuckled a little bit there.
He ran out.
He ran up to Disney and he's screaming and yelling.
No, he's okay.
Now he's all right.
He just doesn't like you.
That's all.
And he said you lied in this article three years ago.
I did not lie.
That was something for consistency.
Captain Jimmy on the bat line.
How you doing, Captain Jimmy?
How you doing?
Great.
I'm impressed.
That was fast.
Well, I saw your name on there.
We put celebrities on first.
I'm impressed.
Let me make one comment.
Absolutely.
Listen, Jimmy.
Listen, this is America.
You say whatever you want.
But I don't like it.
I'll cut it out.
It's the my knowledge.
I think the whole thing that really destroyed Glenn.
When he got fired, it wasn't done in front of you.
You were the one that fired him, correct?
Well, let me just say this to you.
I had nothing to do with that.
In other words, I came in and Disney said,
let's not waste any time.
Because of course, he was looking at that 50 grand that they wanted to say,
which was very appealing.
Yeah.
And he let's do it now.
And I said, well, how do you want to do it?
He said, maybe you all do it.
I said, no, I'm going to have Boy Gary do it.
He's the program director.
That's his job.
So that's just the way they decided to do it.
It's not like I was, no, I don't know.
I don't, I don't hire people.
I don't respect what Glenn would have liked from you.
No, I don't hire people and I don't fire people.
That's the program director.
That was basically your decision to let the bird go.
Yes, absolutely.
And you just said a little while ago, you always say things to people.
Oh, I have.
I told, I don't know how many times I called you,
especially during the last three or four months.
And we went on and on a great length.
And there was just something in those calls.
You didn't seem to be, it didn't seem to be penetrating.
It just wasn't getting through.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't know.
I had noticed that you were getting very upset
with all the cops talking and everything.
And I thought Glenn should have been a little bit more enhanced about sports,
to be honest with you.
You didn't have to be enhanced about sports.
All he had to do was just ignore it and just eat and read his inquirer and shut up.
But when you were in the right act,
a few words before he got fired.
He thought he was being a good boy.
Well, for quite some time.
Listen, I'm not in the studio with you guys, but you know I'm having a listener.
And I just thought he was watching his season, too.
And I thought he had a great week when you were on vacation.
No question.
Everybody said that, but it was too late.
I had already made up my mind.
Yeah, well, I'd sure shown you.
Yeah.
I just felt that...
And of course, when we got that spy report that he was at your place during that vacation,
I think that was it.
I think that was it.
I think that was the turning point in the whole relationship
is when Fat Rich gave us that report.
Oh, yeah, that was tonight.
Wasn't that who it was?
Well, I don't remember.
You know, somebody who looked like that.
I think you were saying over a bagel meal.
Let me tell you.
Well, it's not the end of the world.
I don't you think he had a pretty good run here for almost three years?
Yeah, but I don't know for some reason he thought he was a lot.
Yeah, there's no such thing.
I see anybody who's been through what he's been through in the business.
And especially somebody who worked at Love 94 with all those people who are so fond of more
lining up in the other room, by the way, now.
Yeah.
Put a microphone in there.
Now, Greg, you'll be on in a minute.
Sure.
He should know that there's no, I mean, that line about I thought this was my job for life.
There's no such thing.
Yeah.
And I just became very uncomfortable with the situation.
It just wasn't working out for me anymore.
Okay, and I don't apologize for that.
That's just reality.
It's just the way I feel and it's my show.
And I feel a lot better now working alone.
No matter who it would have been, I just rather do my own thing.
I think that's just what I just think about how to lock this.
If we were still doing a morning show, for example, if they said you're going to do mornings
on coast 97 and we're firing her, and you make me.
We might put it back on again, you know, although they seem somewhat hostile toward them in the building.
I don't know why, but, you know, so I don't have a person.
I mean, a morning show is a different thing.
I don't think there was enough conversation.
For all the people, I just know the person at the show.
That's not the real break.
He's a nice guy he'd ever want to meet.
And he buys excellent.
He buys excellent birthday and Christmas presents too, by the way.
He bought me a phone for my birthday.
One of those, you see all the guts inside.
It's got a neon thing and a light stuff.
All that sharper image stuff.
He is a nice person.
Yeah.
I just, you know, because they're not in home, up in triation.
Not on the show though.
But I just want the people know that he's quite alright.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks to me.
Okay. See now, there's a good vote for you.
That was a nice call.
Can you make a good sandwich?
Me?
21 past 11. Why not?
Well, I could work on it.
God, free meals and a little work.
No pressure.
No stress.
I don't know what you're laughing about.
Boy, you may, you may never work in this business again.
You may wind up finding a whole different.
Now, wouldn't that be a great service?
Service?
Yes.
Stop and think about it.
Let all those names rattle through your head.
Stand made your build call dirt.
Craig Worthing.
Gary Bruce.
He's standing out at the, oh, he's very close to the room in there.
Two by the way.
Oh, they moved.
Open the door.
Where are you now?
I'm not saying.
They moved to me.
During that phone call, I've been moved to another location.
This is like, this is like the terrorist in the Middle East with the hostages.
I can't believe they keep moving him around different parts of the building.
The management doesn't find them.
Well, they have Dumburto looking around for you right now to see if he can't.
Good luck to him.
Yeah.
Well, you can say that again.
22 after 11 at WID.
Let's do a little break here.
Gilbert's going to help me with his spot.
The Motties Bay Shore, a historic part of the Grove, invites you to the new Motties Bay Shore
marketplace for the big round opening this Saturday for more time.
Now, you were there with us at specs.
Yes, I was.
And Motties brought down that tremendous food.
Did you have a little, I remember you standing there with that piece of fish in your head.
I never finished that.
That's the matter.
Well, as a matter of fact, we're a little surprised for you, Gilbert.
Bring it in now.
We have it on a little plate.
It's the same piece of fish that you had at specs that day.
And by now, it should be just right.
It should be delicious.
Right on.
And there'll be junk and who costume band Saturday jugglers and everything necessary to make up the world's biggest block party in the Grove.
Free prizes, a huge fireworks display.
So it almost all the excitement this Saturday for more attempt at the brand new Motties Bay Shore marketplace.
The food is out of this world.
Not only a great raw bar and every kind of seafood under the sun, but lots more too.
What that macaroni and cheese.
Did you have any of that?
No, I didn't.
That's a great taste.
I only wish you could have had some of that.
The French onion soup knocked my socks off.
In fact, if you notice, no socks.
Can you see that, Gilbert?
No socks.
Knocked my socks off.
In fact, I'm going to come in and shorts like you did.
Yeah.
And that might turn my whole career around.
Lemon chicken, black and prime rib, just fabulous gourmet dishes on the menu that you're going to fall in love with for lunch and dinner.
Motties Bay Shore marketplace in the Grove on Bay Shore Drive.
And don't forget the big red opening this Saturday, February 10th.
What's this?
Justify your feet.
Would you like to read headlines like Dan, rather?
Grass, rural events like Walter Cronkite explain the news to the public like Peter Jenning?
No?
Then there's a trading center just for you.
The Bird School of Newscasters.
The Bird School of Newscasters will teach you to relate the news on radio or TV in an unforgettable way.
People will be talking about your newscast all day after you've grasped just a few pronunciations techniques.
You'll be saying things like, a Carol says, full-apply and forwarder at the new evacuation of the pizza agreement suggested it may rather new evaluation to the pizza agreement.
What was it?
A evacuation or evaluation?
I'm sorry.
It's a evacuation of the pizza agreement.
And, and it will feature highlights from a thousand secret tape recordings.
You'll learn to pronounce different government programs such as, not to chop social security benefits, and keep the public aware of top world events.
And the CIA would have to assess the countries or assist the countries.
And the Bird School of Newscasters will assess you in pronouncing foreign terms.
Newvo?
Newvo?
Nuevo?
Nuevo.
Learn the pronunciations of geographical areas like, 1920s movie star and Kansas graduate Charles Buddy Rogers.
Kansas?
And other geographical areas such as Iran, Kuwaiti, Soviet young young, North Vietnam, Vienna, Australia, and cities such as Washington DG, San Francisco, and penis Arizona.
Called the Bird School of Newscasters now, or right to Bird School of News Cancer, post or office box 10335, fourth Lottie da Florida, zip-cold 3300.
You'll receive information on the School of Newscasters, as well as the School of Speech Writers, School of Poets, and the Bird School of Court Reporters, the Bird School of Newscasters, where we guarantee the lowest pricings.
Okay, 28 times 11 of WI'd is kind of like a trip down memory lane today, isn't it?
Isn't it?
And the food will be here any second.
Let's take a call from the girl.
Hello?
Whatever they're paying you, it's not enough.
Who?
WIOT?
Whatever who's paying a who?
Whatever they're paying you, it's not enough.
Oh, that's for sure. We better talk about that too.
Yesterday, you mentioned that if when you were working with the birds, you couldn't have somebody like Eric in the studio.
Oh, he'd be very upset.
By the way, Eric, let's see those pants again. Eric has got holes in his knees. Is that a new style now?
To have holes in different parts of your pants?
Or is it a good start, Eric? He's got these big holes where his knees stick out.
Now these kids. I know.
Well, that's a good point. Like a lot of people used to come in here. He would get very upset, Surrey.
Now, all summer long when the interns were here, which I guess he's forgotten about, just a display of surreliness and hostility,
seldom seen in the history of this business.
But maybe there's a reason to get upset when some of my characters come to this studio.
Maybe there's something he wants to tell us today.
And what could that be?
Well, maybe it's having a change of heart.
Oh, I see.
Have a nice day, sir.
I'll do that. See, there I go. Well, listen, we don't want to talk about that.
29 past 11 at WIV, we have the lines are sizzling. We don't even have to give the numbers out today. It's kind of like when I'd be on vacation.
North Miami, hello.
Yes, I think we need to ask a few questions that are really pertinent.
Excellent.
I have a question for you. Did it any time?
Well, wait a minute. What's all this feedback, Melvin? Melvin, is that in here all that feedback?
I got the overhead turned on. Go ahead, sir.
Okay. Glenn, at any time, the Neil sits you down and in a serious tone, without being joking or anything,
did he say to you, if you don't shape up, I am going to fire you.
Not those words. Not exactly. I'm pretty close. Pretty close.
But, sir, I mean, you give a person at least the last warning, especially, sir.
Sir, you want to come down a second? What did he just say to you? Not those words.
What words? Not exactly. Words that were so clear that you'd have to be an imbecile not to understand them.
Like I've reached the end of the rope and I don't want to put up with this touting and whining and sowing and putting the microphone down.
And I'm going to do what I want to talk about, okay, which had several times at length.
I remember one. Oh, please one conversation we had back in the sun.
And it is a fact you told me you did not want me throwing my little temper tantrums anymore.
And I never did after that false.
Neil did it at any time that it occurred to you that maybe that was adding something, the little temper tantrum,
the little fritual adding something to the show.
People told me all the time they liked that.
I liked it. Well, you know what? I didn't.
But that's a fact I was told that people enjoyed that.
But yes, it is. I thought you know, for a while, I thought it was like a.
I can just imagine turning on tonight's show tonight watching Johnny Carson come on do his monologue and sing Ed McMahon in the back.
Oh, gee, are you making George Bush jokes again? Oh, come on.
Johnny, you know how long he would be there, sir?
Well, his bad ass would be off that show so fast, man.
And he'd be on that Anheuser Bush wagon out of that set so fast you wouldn't even be able to see it.
Neil, I think it is. He really did add by that that distinction for a longer time.
I thought it was all made up. You know, it was not made up.
It was not made up. It was for real. That was the that was the frightening part is that it was for real.
And it was not only because of sports.
It's like if people came in here to eat the food, they would throw a tantrum.
No. If I had a young guy in here like Eric who happened to be physically appealing and somebody I could look at and get a little mental enjoyment out of
he could get hysterical and paranoid and even to the point where poor little what's his name for the newsroom.
And Andy came in here that one more. I never forget that at 930 and he said to me, what do you think of that meds game last night?
And this bird picked that pain with a with a look like like Jack the Ripper and heaved am I making this up?
No, the incident here to see it. The incident happened.
But you're not hostile like you're telling me that we're not a hostile look like.
Yeah, there's no look. I'm making it up.
Rick what we're doing. We're doing this. Were you a witness?
You were a hostile. Yes.
Nostalgic. Nostarical. Even Andy never recovered from it.
It's something. Listen, I wait a minute. Wait a minute. Rich is here to tell the truth.
I'm usual in his case, but you know, that's something else. This rich person. I'm really getting a little bit set up with his family.
He's a really typical yenta. Yes, that's true.
I mean, he doesn't deny it. I mean, who the hell is what just happened to the call? What is his potential?
What are your credentials?
Rich. Good question. Okay. We'll work on that.
We'll work on that tomorrow. Sir, are you okay?
No, I'm not okay. You're all up. So you worked up to a friend. Well, a bird is not on the show.
This isn't a debate on whether he's coming back. He's not coming back.
Well, he should be. Well, he's not.
I mean, even losing Martin got back. He's not coming on this show.
Okay, there. Let me tell you on a scale of zero. There is no chance that he's coming back on his show less than none.
God, Neil. I mean, I've been a friend of a fan of yours. It's the KAT.
Great. Well, wait a minute. Was the bird on KAT?
No, no, no, but then it was the IWNWS. It was the IWNWYNZ at night.
It was the day. Is he on the show now? Is the show lacking something today, sir?
Well, he's lacking the bird.
No, I don't mean today. I mean, these days is the show lacking something?
It's the controversy. The little friction that used to make it so so rapid.
I think I got a little friction for you, sir. It's 1133 at WID. He made his point. Didn't he?
Did he make his pointer? I cut him off too soon. Well, amazingly, you let him make his point.
Put that food over in the corner.
Getting hungry, Glenn. It's 1134 at WIOD. Let's let's put these calls on hold now, Melvin.
I know you're under a lot of pressure. They're sizzling today. Let's he can't keep up with this.
He don't even answer when there's almost nobody calling. Anyway, I want Gilbert to get in this spot.
You know that yesterday, did you hear me talking about teleroce and the beautiful rose start reading it act like you're doing an ad lib when you're on Saturdays.
You're going to have to do live spots.
Okay, I'll find them. It says, yeah.
Okay, it's 1138. I'm telling you, this man is good. He isn't with the ad team by the end of this week. I'll be very surprised.
Okay, maybe you ought to be Gilbert's agent. Me? Yeah.
Okay, I guess that's not going to work. Okay. Okay, just an idea.
The food is being prepared downstairs. I mentioned that in passing. Now you had a question, sir.
Yeah, I did.
Will you pull out my stop being a chicken? Will you? Glenn this summer when the Chicago trip was announced.
Yes. You immediately and it surprised me because you didn't give it to me.
It didn't seem like you gave it much thought. You immediately said, I'm not going.
And I think that was a very, that's from a tactical point of view, a bad mistake on your part.
I mean, you're part of the show and I think it would have been great for you to be out there in Chicago with Neil.
And I wanted to know why, you know, right off the bat without even thinking about it, you just said, no, because I knew it would be all about the cubs.
And that had that didn't interest. Let me ask you a question. Is there anything else going on in Chicago because when we did that show amazingly enough.
And we took phone calls, all these people from down here who were from Chicago were calling and they were not talking most of them at all about the cubs.
They were talking about different restaurants we should eat in in different places we should go.
It had very little to do with the cubs until the actual game started and people started coming to the ballpark.
Well, because of what had happened before and because of Neil's obsession, obsession exactly.
Now, it's interesting when I was on a I.N.Z. in the afternoon and I just talk about horse racing and you and Stan used to team up and just brutal out too much horse racing.
I had a nine here, but these were the experts too much about horse racing. It's boring. Nobody wants to hear about it.
And then all of a sudden when we started picking those cute little I never forget the first horse was sensible bird.
And I picked it was running and I picked great Hawaii with Joseval as what a memory I've got for unimportant things in the perfect.
And they came in at Calder and all of a sudden we start picking names out of the newspaper and you of course picked a lot of favorites that were listed right on top and a few of them started coming in.
And then all of a sudden what was previously boring because you weren't interested in it became a fascination even at the point where you went to the track couple of times.
Yes. And so I I wondered this whole time if you thought you were going to do the same thing with baseball to me.
No, I wasn't that you're missing you're missing the point you're missing the point when it became an ego thing.
It would never became it was always think they were picking little names out of the news.
But even watching the races on tape that night on sunshine to see if your horse came in for fun.
For fun. For fun. But I've never an e-cure to that when I talked about horse racing.
It was boring and I should cut it out and you would stand. I remember many times the two of you would come in together and just go nuts about how I was obsessed with a horse racing.
See what I'm interested in you think is an obsession and I am obsessed with certain things like for example Eric and Joey are sitting here and I would much rather be going out with them and having a good time somewhere.
All I said you were but that's with the sports. What you are only obsessed with sports. That's the only thing I ever said.
What else did I just say? What else I guess is sport? What section is the horse? Resort. Endorse sports. Endorse sports.
Anyway it's 1141 let's take a call from Boka. There won't be anybody there will there? Yeah. See that tells you what kind of day this is.
Yeah and let me tell you something Glenn the fact that a pathetic note telling jerk like you actually had the opportunity to work with Neil is beyond me and the fact that you're crying about the fact that you get fired.
I'm not crying. What are you doing there? You're winding and complaining on this and that everything else.
I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. I'm setting a record straight.
Setting a record straight about what you got fired you got canned what are you crying about I'm not crying.
Well what are you doing there? I'm giving my side of the story is this is America isn't it sir what story.
Food just came in sir. It re-noses here with the food is it we got further in a much no free deal.
I got so real big we need you sir. Oh these are good the Chicago style. Why I will invite to made all of your onion. Thank you.
Who cares. I love these obviously not you why are you listening. Why am I doing something like my favorite show.
I'm not allowed to listen to you. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Are you asking my audience why they're listening now? No don't you care about this and I said woman why are you listening because you love this show.
He loves me wants my body don't you sir. Absolutely well you know I was just sure what what you know people from both I sure do have a wonderful days you do the thing.
Food is here now where do we know where he's hiding because we got a feed him I'm playing very very where are you.
Is anybody know or if there's somebody in here know where he is Roger knows oh Melvin knows that we got a we need for him.
Yeah I bet okay said they got a we need for you but I don't know what that means who's bringing it okay what's answer this vocal line W1 of D.
Yeah hold on okay let me these are Vienna all beef and these are the Chicago style hot dogs from Reno's.
Oh God this is the Niels big we need. It is I don't know what you're laughing about we can all dream can't we.
Eric's really laughing because he knows better.
How do you like this is this like the Alex Benichard we have a live studio audience you're all doing fed.
Great maybe you could be like a regular every day in that live studio audience you get fed me see a lot of bear breasts well maybe some large breasted Oriental women.
I'll ask Alex there you go I'm here he'll be real reset. Oh yeah you know Alex dear field yes yes sir I wish the table is the turn I wish it was a bird show and he treated the bird.
No the bird would treat him like he treated the bird because right before Christmas that was low down the fire somebody just before Christmas.
I think that's about what I got to say I just wish to go the bird had a show and then awful Rogers.
Okay thanks.
Thanks.
Come on that's amazing what's that you left them on why not I do I'll get to say their piece what is this crap now I left them on what does that mean well they all get to say they're peace today good today okay didn't let me ask you a question maybe your memory is slipping evidently it isn't your advanced stage but didn't somebody didn't a couple people
in the building order you out of the property management right people are run the place yeah and didn't I put my ass on the line and saying no let them in here and I came in the news booth and you're on and you're saying your thing okay so let's not go through this routine again about how people who agree with you are not going to get a chance
to they're all giving the chance to whatever they want okay I want now that one guy that called before they repeated at 30 times I did cut him off but I mean how many times does he need to say it all right I want I want to respond to another point in the art.
Please last paragraph Roger says we had no relationship there was no personal friendship or common interest you know I didn't say there wasn't any personal friendship that's a misquote I just said we weren't close friends which is true we didn't hang out we didn't
that right we did that could have dinner now and I would like to say why you know the reason first of all if I live in South Miami and Neil lives in plantation you're not sort of like a
dirty dark one in the same part of town and the reason I thought you know I was with Neil four hours a day five days a week and when I left here I wanted to see other people
and do other things were not a personal thing and I didn't want to you know crowd Neil or push him now if I had something to say I certainly picked up the phone and called him without hesitation and vice versa but now if Neil lived in
in the same place I was not sure if I could have a phone call that might have seriously been a different situation but I wasn't going to drive up to you know South power at that time of the day and also I had been with him for four hours that day and I was
exactly what you were doing with Johnny Darn no I wasn't complaining I was just stating a fact I wasn't but with there's a reason that's not in the article I want well I don't think that has much to do with anything
no does it well it's just that's in here that says we had no personal friendship and I just want one to address that you know and I think we did have some interest like radio for example and other things I do but that was the reason I'm
that way with anybody you know yeah Hollywood what yeah we want from equal time to defend the bird yeah you know who this is yeah
uh-huh Mr. Ries get lost Mr. I he's not going to go on for any purpose a hellendale hello okay hellendale died while they were on hold oh here we go ladies and gentlemen first I got I got a commend lens for having the spheres to come in there the
what the spheres to come in there with big of you to come on the show so to speak so wait a minute how about big of me to put them on and you're big you're big but I
like to bring up something while I know that you know the wrong places I know that I've seen the article Paul scumbag I heard it you know so I like to bring up so out of Hollywood if I
make you were there I was there now I don't know if you remember this Glenn we try you talk about drive all the way down the
candle to see Neil we drove from Boka down to Hollywood to see you right and then uh Neil and we walk up to you and you turn and say is
she the door lady is she the door lady and I go no this is my wife and your reaction was oh and you turned your back on it so it wouldn't
speak to him oh my god I wouldn't speak it is true and you don't have any idea how many people as well who remember well wait a
minute let's back up a little bit do you want to know the whole story of that remote and he can refute me if I'm wrong I felt bad
because Glenn was a part of the show and I felt that the sales department was short-changing because a lot of
these remotes where there were some serious bucks to be made by just sitting around and signing autographs on Saturday for a
couple hours Glenn was being left out and I said from now on you have to include him and put some money in there this particular one had
already been set up and I went to Lynn Freitas I don't know if she's in the building our sales account executive who handles to
you to Hollywood I said I will give him the talent for that thing was 500 bucks so say okay and I said give him a couple
hundred give me 300 okay so I get not that I need the money because I don't I make a lot of money but the point is I
wanted him included because I felt he was part of the show so I gave up 40% of the talent for that appearance he showed up and he did
that he did it whether he realized it or not he sat there and turned the car sideways the first one was either the
dark lady or Robin for Robin for two hours and then the dark lady showed up for two more hours and there were a lot of
people and I could tell by their attitudes that they were they were getting like a nice reach over inside but they
really weren't getting any kind of attention it was like a little side show with these two morons were you know
showing up there to monopolize the time we don't go out for that purpose that would be that would be like my
going out to Toyota Hollywood have 2000 and we had a tremendous turnout that day have 2000 people show up and
have Alan Dresner sitting there with me or Joey here or what are they not not Joey Reynolds I have to keep saying
that because I don't know people think my eyes are going bad right and having some young good looking guy sitting
there and talking to him for for four hours and ignoring all the other people oh yeah I hear you got a
sign of thing and like act like you're bothering me get away I'm having a conversation my feeling that day was I
set and I signed autographs and I shake shook people's hands and I talked to people and those two girls
simply just set there beside me and I don't know I didn't turn away from we have several witnesses to that
scene and they're all I don't believe the fact that I wouldn't talk to you however I was surrounded by a lot of
people you know all I wanted to do with it you do shit of my wife and I remember meeting her you you anyway I do miss you
but I do have that event sticks in my mind like grabbing Gilbert's fish I don't see you I felt like
you're right what kind of a show do you think this is over at the Alex Bennett show I see those things
I did grab Gilbert's fish I don't talk about it God you want to change your image yeah really
but different oh God this is the hope it's like I'm a baby from away but going that does stick out of the
sore point I still I do miss you but that really picked me off and a couple other people and I wasn't the only let me
say some dream these people outside of it we've had we've had a few calls outside with the bird and I say
here I listen to them I mean out of a great but the fact that Paul Harvey Jr. is calling in and you're
saying oh geez I do you don't listen to reality somebody tells you something and what their perception is
and you can't deal with that okay that's one of your we all have our weaknesses including me but
that's one of yours you don't listen to what people perceive you know there could have been
reasons you might not have been feeling good or no it was strictly um plenty time I don't know
it was just a time set there beside me and I did the usual thing that's the way I felt that day
I didn't think I'd hurt anybody you know and and I did bring it up I called when you had your
own show when Neil was out of town and I brought it up and you denied it then too so I mean maybe
you feel a different way I do feel a different way and this is perception and I'm sorry about that
that wasn't in my mind Paul I'm not looking for an apology I'm just stating a fact that's
the case I do apologize and we do a lot of us do miss you but I got to admit the show is I mean
Neil's been in a positive mood right what did you start to say the show has been what
come on you can say it I'm ready for it the show's been better is he not he's ignoring it who's
in there bugging him now I wanted to hear that I want you to know it hurt to say that I heard it
well how come we can't hear you now what's going on Melvin no just barely oh god there you go
huh I do I do want to hear you back on the air with your own show all people to just blast I'm not
playing he wasn't lasting he just said the truth and right away you got sensitive and emotional again
Gilbert am I being fair yeah thank you good day that's fun all right good day
it's wait time break time 1152 at W.I.D you want to do a spot Gilbert it's not that difficult it shows
they write great copy and you know you've been a child the great seafood yeah okay now come on
if you don't want to do it I don't want to put a lot of pressure on you seriously okay um
okay let's see you you're looking for the best seafood and shellfish in south Florida there's
one restaurant that should come to mind shells shells has become south Florida's number one seafood
restaurant over the past two years and has quickly become the place for seafood and
shellfish in Miami and Fort Laudau exactly if you haven't been to shell shut let me tell you why
they become the most popular seafood restaurant alone shells such large portions of fantastic food
at prices that are less than you would be able to purchase the food for the cook it yourself
shells Alaskan snow king and dangerous clap orders waiting at dangerous krautkila I think
I'll pick it up for there go when we go to those dangerous crab honest way and add a pound and a
half each and shells and they have a pound of seafood in all of their seafood pastas shells also
have take out service available with the same portions things for self for take out at no extra
charge shells on incredible seafood experience at prices you can't afford to miss shells with
five south Florida locations including shells in kendo at 117th and sunset in the T.J. Mac shopping
center shells joined us at five o'clock for south Florida's 90 shells A flat 10 yeah oh you were
doing you were doing so good till the last line to join us after five o'clock for south Florida's
nightly shell abrasion I just want to go back to those dangerous crabs yeah I'm just after that
Paul Harvey call well you got to what roll with the pun they can't all be supportive okay we're not
screening I mean you got with Marvin in there you know we're not screening I mean it's just uh
I was surprised catch his catch me let's go to Miami Beach yeah Neil yeah you know Andy Warhol
once said everyone's famous for 15 minutes yeah I think the birds overstayed as welcome
I think that this bird stuff's getting old very fast I'd rather hear Eric's life story well that's
not pretty interesting to me maybe we could kind of intertwine them together well I think that there's
a lot more to be said there than there is about this bird stuff well uh we're working on it okay so to
speak I hope so okay bye see you okay there's uh one Alex's guys he's got another horny guy we have
it opening in date if you move very fast because these phones they are like lightning we haven't given
I guess we won't give the number out should we now let's make it like when I'm on vacation um
anyway I guess we're at the end of the hour you have you been fed yes have a chili dog good
is real good excellent reno's is fabulous when you and Johnny are up there you should buy him a
couple of hot dog yeah I feel better yeah after reading yeah you always did kind of
melo a little bit after or two three go anyway Deborah Martinez is standing by watch out Deborah
because he's been known to find all the news women so if any anybody flits in there during the
news you're wearing leather today this shame yeah well that's the new W.I.D. SNM image Deborah's got
the new W.I.D. news we'll be back at 1205 with our live studio audience in the bird and our cast
of thousands and then Alex Bennett with Jackie Bennett comedian and TV weekend channel six anchored
Diana Morgan giving new meaning to the word anchor and that's from two to six sports talk at
six oh five in the stand majors show for eight to eleven
w i o g lay out for water day join Larry King tonight beginning at eleven on new stock radio six
ten w i o d
new stock radio six ten w i o d presents neo rangers to get in touch and talk call seven five one
w i o d and eight five two four w i o d and roars or six five five and two seven eight w i o d
in the Palm Beach's other areas make all collect the opinions expressed by the host guest or callers
are not necessarily those of the station now here's neo rangers on new stock radio six ten w i o d
lose your job just can't make ends meet then do what some people have done and enroll in the
Glen Hill Academy before i went to the Glen Hill Academy oh it broke didn't know where my next
meal was coming from now i do the Glen Hill Academy had taught me how to find work
make money yes youtube can secure your future at the Glen Hill Academy you'll learn the fine art
of pencil selling intersection car window washing and the ever popular recycling there's
so fortunate to be made collecting aluminum cans even old newspapers
you'll be bow
nah i i i got the job and i be working join the hundreds who make their living on the street
the Glen Hill Academy for nine seven six bird that nine seven six bird to start you on your way
to your next meal call today sorry no collect calls
all right try to control yourself try to put those a crabs away with your Gilbert
207 at w i o d with Gilbert and our cast of thousand are dangerous crabs
and we got the bird back in his cage yeah they move me again they keep moving me
getting closer to the door no duh uh no they just keep moving me to different locations
fascinating isn't it well they're trying to give you a message oh yeah exactly like the hostages
okay Miami
fuck the bird
fuck the bird
good one i was pluck he was saying by the way let's go to a miny shores
i need to hang on okay hi Gilbert hi hi done buddy how's the weeners oh that's great
did you ever see anything like him okay Derek and little Joey just came in look like they just
said one too listen Neil i call him on the vocal line and waited because it's worked the wait
it never ceases to amaze me that a guy like bird can just not get reality through a said i mean
i want to keep this light and all but uh bird you know you're an asshole you had a great job in
your book everybody's calling and telling you that what time it is and you just refuse to admit it
and i i can't believe that you're actually in there listening to it really yeah i mean do you
think this is going to get you a job somewhere in town that's not why i'm here why are you here
i'm here so that it wasn't just a one sided so that i'm here to also you know come in and give
my side what's wrong with that i think there's a future for you in politics but actually i mean
you you you have the ability to rationalize and pick apart and it's just like any situation you
can take incidents and and examples and and favor them in your point of view but the reality of
the situation is i even heard you sit on the radio when Neil was out of town and say i got the
name bird because they used to call me a vulture because i didn't have a job and i used to hang out
and look over people's shoulders and then you do get a job and Neil takes you under his wing and
you were a integral part of the show there's no question you are a tool one of Neil's many tools
that he uses to have a great show and your ego got so big i mean i went to a remote at specs and
i saw the way that you treated Neil's fan and and the way that you shine people and just i mean
Paul Harvey Jr. he's a wimp too he didn't really want to tell you what time it was but the guy
comes to the remote tells you what you're doing and you're like i'm sorry to the point is
Glenn you don't understand what people are telling you that's reality and you're not living in
reality and it's not doing anybody any good to have you come in here do this i mean it is a little
entertaining but the bad news is you you don't understand what's happening okay i mean i feel
better now and i don't know if that was entertaining but i want you to seriously know that
um you know your ego got way too big for the show you were not Glenn uh
Neil's partner you were a tool of the show it was funny for a while and whatever he wants to do
i mean he's in control of his show and and i think you did the right thing and i think that you
should grow up and sort of realize that you should go on and do your own thing and i mean even
you've taken this abuse i mean it's going to be turned into a thing of like well yeah it was
funny it was humorous but basically uh you got to go on with your life
i feel better how about you have a nice day oh yeah i feel good good boy
because i had everybody feels good it's 10 uh past 12 and w on d these are the Italian beef right
Italian beef with peppers boy this is good is that your fourth no are you serious and you're
third right what that Eric is going to balloon up you got to stay in shape Eric and uh what's that
another that's the Neil's big weenie there that's the Gilbert's first one your first one
uh the second one will be even better anyway it's 10 past noon i think i already said that let's
tell you about twitter Hollywood right now we'll ask you where he's
all right let's uh take a moment i just asked Eric how come he lives on the beach he said that's
where it's all happening what besides death what everything like restaurant clubs everything sex
not too yeah do you hear that okay listen this weekend could be pretty interesting uh 12 13 to
w i o d run from the music stories on the phone hey how's it going how you doing run i'm doing
pretty good well that's good first thing food from Reno's sensational man is the Italian beef is the
best i've ever had in my life great great yeah last time i talked to you was uh when the bird was on
i'm sure bird remembers me talk them a few times sure and uh i haven't called since bird
laughs not because i don't like to show now but i just haven't had a chance to call you know
it was so i can take it i can take it i still listen to the show i was doing all the time okay
yeah i just think that the separate market for what you guys do i think bird ought to be on it's
wf some of your competition had some balls they'd hire the burden put them on directly against you
give them a shot great like a spin-off yeah i you know i don't see why not i mean somebody should take
them in as far as i mean how does it show you did by himself or great you know and you just
you know you guys split up you had a good job for a while and made some serious cash hope you save
some money too yeah yeah oh good well thanks this is some nice balance so also another thing
i feel better you compare bird to Gilbert okay give me the bird anytime Gilbert's a twit okay i
don't know who this guy came for a man but it's like the most you hear that Gilbert you've been
attacked you're a twit Gilbert well if you had a little friendship at the i half lit
god i i i came and take him man it's like the guy that called and ragged on the bird that time
and said that i can't take you you know play some music or something i'm not going to be
about Gilbert to say one day we'll give you a chance to make a tape one day yeah i like do that
sometimes okay thanks a lot i'm a good one see we're getting all uh we're not
uh uh doing the thing you're loading the deck right that's one reason i'm here well i thought
that was why you weren't gonna come here after i saw the article i said well why not there's like
what's here that he's been screaming about for four days what's here well i was fat rich
i don't know where that came from came from you it did not i didn't plan all that slanderers stuff
about what a rotten basket that i said that rich well when was your little apprehensive
uh the article before it came out you i didn't know what it was gonna be right and then once it came
out you well let's believe that i was i i wanted to do this i'm not trying to change the subject
this Italian beef scene best no i'm serious i've never i've had a Italian beef or Reno's before
that's his word by the way relief that's not my word the best sandwich in the history of the human
race not exaggerate also where it came from that it was a vicious slanderer it's the article
big new evening backwards are water right and succulent if i he just said you said that aren't
these great well i know what they're feeling yeah what are you talking about oh you guys are doing
a little thing there okay well i'm talking about why he told you it was such a horrendous article
i don't understand why he told you he did it from i don't know i never told him one i i did not
know what was gonna be in the article just like anybody else all right so how would i say anything
how why would i say that well it was just an implication since i'm on implication once it came
out you were relieved that it that's his word i didn't say that well that's the impression i got
wasn't on pression now that seems to be what we're talking about a lot here today is impression
and perception people get ready here are the impressions on i 61 instead of reality in fact this
seems to be the big thing i said the dominant feature today and the paracolism you know anything you
want and up all harby junior called just really heard here would you of course come on eat those
cookies they got some delicious cookies here too which was a con with chip perception ever notice
that the bird often sounds like emo phillips i just got that note on the screen no i didn't make
it up it's what it says here anyway can we lighten the atmosphere for just a moment here so
it's getting a little tense okay is everybody feel a little bit better now yeah okay well Gilbert
does bombage hello yeah how's it going great i've got a couple I don't know points i'd like to
bring up you know good to rebalance the show excellent away from the bird's side i don't know
what can you the right bird to uh... think you have that job for ever i mean the rest of us normal
public uh... have to earn and keep our job you know i mean you're given the pushes job ever
and that i've ever heard of and you couldn't even keep that i mean doesn't that tell you something
about yourself why do you think it was such a christian job working the neal Rogers why do you think
that was a piece of cake well i mean just let's each sound if you listen to the everyday i mean
i had to do it just fit there the way you started out i mean why did you think you had to change the way
you did your job change the way i did the job yeah i mean everything was fine when you first
started out you were just a little flunky you know at neal side and then i don't know like like
neal says a power play i mean you thought no power play i did not try to do that i am a person
sir i'm a personality you're gonna get if i'm here you are gonna get my personality i'm not a
yes man be a personality you would be there to to i guess i don't know what you were there for
but that's what makes me believe it was the kushy's job ever yeah dealing with neal Rogers
anybody could do it right i sure think i could buddy for those box everybody thinks they could
well i'm sure i could everybody thinks they could huh i'm sure most of us could oh yeah anybody
anybody just get somebody off the street i'm sure nobody would have any problem
i can't see it buddy you're all right yeah i mean it boggles my mind does it and really let me just
see something else you're real i'm embarrassed i'm embarrassed for you right now i mean you sound
so pathetic snuggling and whining about something that history whining this is what's up this is
your definition of whining this is your definition of whining huh oh man it sounds terrible i'm
embarrassed for you i'm serious why don't you turn the radio off because i like neal's show and if
you think man neal don't invite my audience get shut it off now we need everyone we can get
we're trying to rebuild the audience now but oh man i'm just i'm at a loss i mean you know you can't
let's go on for the rest of the show i mean this is like uh it's not entertaining to hear this guy
are you not like i say birding clothing sure what job and earn a life for a change like the rest of
us it's gonna help you share it in the long run i'm gonna be okay i'm gonna be fine okay i love
you show thank you care about okay twenty after twelve perfect thank you that was not an
other girl yes i want a reaction to this delicious sandwich well that's my perception that's
the way i perceived it it's pretty less so out here
i think that we've just been invaded by dangerous crabs
twenty minutes after twelve and w i do let's do a little break that out of break up the attention
that's building in here you can cut it with a butter knife and let's tell you about first
i don't think i could read it straight the over twelve twenty three and w i o d and um the
article is a new times by the way they probably are upset we haven't mentioned it off and off
and i got to be honest it's not much um much you do about nothing i would say yeah that's the way
i felt last night when i saw it much to do about nothing four days of screaming your head off
wait a minute how if it's much you do about nothing didn't you call them didn't you say that
say what i called them and ask for a voice yes a voice yes and they planted one in your
head yes and there must have been something more than this because the guy said he was at your
house for two hour interview he had pages and notes man he had reams if i can say that it was
incredible just pages and pages and pages but let's talk to him hairy reams would have been embarrassed
let's talk about what you know this had gene wilder looks like um Ron Jeremy have you ever noticed
that he sounds the same too no i disagree see what the hell was i saying before i got signed right
no i saw that movie a young frankenstein again last night which is a panic yes it is and uh
g wilders great yes but he looks like ron Jeremy wonder if he's got as much hair nobody what if
erics covered with hair like uh ronnie where we know not eric has never hair on his body where are
you from eric on the round well what kind of an evasive answer is that all around the west coast
of florida california now he doesn't he looked like your california surfer bleached you know what i mean
not bleached now he's got his hair is like blonde but darker right i love enjoying for a while too
you lived in george that was a bad day oh man wonder he's trying to keep it a secret okay uh should we
take some cause before we get side track as eric is gonna tell us the story of his life over these
next several weeks what do you do where do you work um okay let's um all around that thing all
around yeah you got it well probably over on the beach right near where joey hangs out well
let's see uh i only got a couple of bucks here let's go to um my emmy hello hey uh
we're remember when Neil carried you from zeta to uh to uh iod they used to call you uh the
luckiest man alive mm-hmm well you might have been using the stupidest man alive because six of us
time came up to see you and Neil it's it's spec and you know we're sitting up front sign pictures
and you're way in the back you do nothing to do with anybody you thought your stuff didn't think
now let me tell you something most of us down here work out this south south florida heat i think i
was sitting right inside Neil at the table sir then i worked there you were it was inspect the south
man and you were sitting way in the back and my girlfriend went up to to introduce herself to you
and you turned around looked her like she was moan you know what i mean no i don't yeah well yeah
you don't you don't remember any of these things you know poor harvies college if you other people
have called you let's party your memory lapse memory lapse you know and another thing that really
is incredible to me is you you describe Neil that is a fat atheist homosexual i got one word that
described you as an in grade buddy that's all you are in grade okay good call 26 after 12
well can i say something of my defense no okay well i mean if we're gonna rebut every
cold we got judge walkner junior city here at the end of the show he'll he's right and taking
notes have i been rebutting every call no but you're trying to start now it would be bad timing i'd
like to rebut go last go ahead there is okay fine uh i i have i'm shot in the fall you seem to
be shocked a lot lately when you got fired you were shot the Paul harby doing callers are
shocking you the reality seems to shock you maybe this is a good exercise for you come back into
the real world don't be like stand major don't be like mr fantasy land i keep telling stand at all
the time you've got to come back into the real world stop with this i had a ten share and man i
had to forget about all of that okay come into the real world with real people like Eric i just
want to say all these people are saying this you know this call after call after call all right let
me ask are we screening them no and about how i you know mistreated them at personal appearances i
know i never felt that way that was never in my mind i felt like i talked everybody i shook their
hands i signed the autographs wait a minute i want to but i was surrounded i want to tell the
gentleman from reno's i don't know if they heard what i said but it's true the the um
sandwich what the hell did i say i was the um tattien beef the best in the history of mankind
it was so good fact Eric would like another one right now you know what i learned
we know no you split one with the joy you know what you guys are pigs if i eat like that man i'd
be like the good year blimp boy isn't it wouldn't be something to be young and uh something again
now i'm i'm stuffed although i might have a little taste to something god there could go ahead
i'm sorry i do you know me with the food one statement yes sir what i have learned most from
this experience yes you don't have to do anything to get into trouble is that it that's what i
feel that's the predominant feeling i have oh wait a minute that's happened homestead
half is on the line half i knew oh we just had actually we lost half of four lotterdale
well put him on what the hell's wrong with you melvin the phones are ringing like biorethoms and
you put a nap on yes sir yes yes yes yes who's it where where you calling from sir
where what a day oh you got a phone there are you just screaming loud i'm just screaming loud man
pick up one one i want pick up phone you don't have to speak of i'll pick up the phone please
okay hello okay good call margate margate they're getting better and better what the hell is going
on here my amy hey first of all i'm gonna ask the question hey glenn i'm looking at the picture in
the new times of you i don't know the classes that you always wear yes really you have a problem
with them oh no no no don't start making personal attacks okay i don't i don't go for that okay
what's wrong with those are glasses i don't know maybe i'm not looking at them the right way
secondly i'd like to say that i was really surprised because i'd never really seen you roger's and
it looks pretty good i was surprised really yeah you're busy tonight um my partner wouldn't like that
okay well listen what does he know we'll fix him up with Eric no but for better yet i'll just take
your call out is that sounds sir what about me and you can come over and watch okay anyway i don't
think people should be filled down on glenn the bird i always like glens bird what what does that mean
when the bird oh when the bird help you when the bird i know they're really down on me i'm just
i was always i have a line for that too but i'm not going to say i was enjoyed listening to him
laughing the background um i think that there was beneficial for your listening audience
in some of those calls of fake I can tell.
I'm the fake detector.
Some of those calls of fake ones calling saying
that you were rooting them at a period.
Yeah, they're just saying that.
They must, maybe you would have been one time or twice.
I don't think they just are jumping on the bandwagon.
I think so, yeah, that's a, I hate to say it.
Yeah, well, they give you a good out now.
Everybody who calls is quit out of fake.
Or would explain why I don't, it's a fake world, Glenn.
It would explain why I don't feel this.
You know, and I don't remember doing any of this.
I just know what those dangerous fake crimes set there beside you.
How could I have done all that if I was sitting beside you at these appearances?
How could I have done all this?
I was sitting right there beside you.
Yeah, signing the autograph, shaking the hand, signing and signing.
No, I never, that was never in my mind.
Deal.
I would like to meet you, no time.
For what?
Just to meet you.
Really?
Yep.
Well, listen, just hang out over there on the beach.
I'm going to be spending a lot of time there from now on with Eric and Joey.
What's Joey?
Oh, wait, that's nothing.
There seems to be two Joey's floating around there.
Well, we got the Joe with three ends.
We got the little Joey here.
And then of course, there's the other Joey on Saturday that we don't talk about because he's a potty mouthful of fart.
Okay, the Joey's the old fart one.
Yeah.
Who's the other one?
Who's the little one?
The nice one.
The little one?
I don't have to check it out, sir.
I don't know.
I'll do a little research and I'll let you know.
The younger one.
Who is that?
Joey, that's our drug supplier.
No, no, he works for a medical supply.
That's just a little joke, okay?
But he's just a caller, right?
He's just a groupie.
He's part of the show now.
He's hung around so long.
He's like that rich.
He's part of the show.
He comes in and eats.
Okay, so now I know who that is.
Yeah.
He's a real stud, sir.
Have a great day.
You too.
Okay.
12.32.
That's what he keeps telling us.
And W-I-O-D.
And our next line is on from Boko, whatever the hell it is.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah.
Hi, Bord.
Hey.
Hello, Gilbert.
Hi.
Hi, I know, I'm fine.
Finally got a little call for Gilbert.
The Gilbert is sitting back soaking this all.
He knows he's got a very tough decision to make it to a clock.
Hey, Gilbert isn't like Gilbert has no sense of humor, by the way.
No sense of humor.
Are you going to eat that Gilbert?
I'm stuffed.
You stuffed.
Why, you want that too?
I only had a wini.
He had a big wini, man.
Okay, Neil, very good question.
Yeah.
After appearances, I've never had a pleasure to meet you guys.
Was, when, was he accommodating?
Yes or no in your opinion?
Yes.
Sometimes, sometimes not.
What do you say, Gwyneth?
I was sitting at the I recall now that last call was so illuminating, I was sitting right
beside Neil.
How could I have pulled?
The Toyota Hollywood you were sitting right next to me too and you shine 2000 people.
No, I did.
I denied that.
Oh, absolutely.
I don't think so.
Joey just said you're full of it.
No.
And, um, that rich was there.
I know.
You just don't want to.
In fact, Rich says no.
And Paul Harvey Jr says no.
Say, do you say yes.
Well, I didn't intend to.
And I did not intend to at any appearance.
I was in public.
I always tried to be on my best behavior.
Forget about public.
So, I don't talk about stopping.
How I could have pulled all this stuff the caller is saying if I was sitting right next to Neil.
Well, that's what made it stick out so, but I mean, uh, made it so obvious.
No.
I like to.
And what I say to that, I've been listening to Alex in a matter of what I say, it comes out dirty now.
Neil, I enjoyed the bird.
I thought he added maybe 10% of the show I thought Captain Dave was even better than him.
Well, it's pretty interesting, uh, to create a work with us for a year over at Zeta.
I don't remember if I'm so hard to get along with how come he and I got along so well.
You got me.
Didn't didn't we?
Is it did I make that up?
Well, thanks for.
Bird.
I never had any problems in either.
But no, but I've been saying didn't I get along well long?
No, we didn't.
One time.
Right a bit.
One time.
Have a great day, sir.
Okay.
Neil, right away.
I was going to say one more thing.
Thanks a lot for getting me through you.
I'm going to go to the broken lake and uh, thanks a lot.
You're great to listen to, but.
Thank you, sir.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Why?
Well, I'm just sort of absorbing all the.
Well, what was wrong with that?
Nothing was wrong.
All right, listen, I'm about to hold a whole bunch of people to call it now and tell me what a bastard I am.
Okay, because evidently that's um, the guy enjoys the show.
I didn't say anything.
He had a broken leg.
He was laid up.
He enjoyed the show.
Got a few to ask.
I wasn't the only thing in his call.
I was thinking of the last half hour of calls.
Oh, okay.
Starting to get more in trend like a little delayed reaction here.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, well, I can relate to that.
1234 at WIOD.
We're going to take a little break now.
We got a lot of stuff to do here.
Melvin's under enormous pressure day.
I got to commend him.
He's been doing tremendous business in there.
None of which has anything to do with the show.
And also a pan attention little bit too.
It's phenomenal.
We'll be right back.
Amen.
Yes.
Just to play your feet.
Why be the peanut?
The quack.
I don't give a fire.
I get back.
1237 at WIOD.
You know what comes after that, don't you?
That's right.
After that part of the song.
Or I just stopped it.
I don't care if I ever get back.
So it's good.
Good work.
Oh, no.
I didn't say it.
If they don't win it, it's a shame.
And it's won.
So we strike true out at the Y-O-F-O-G.
Okay, 22 to 1 at WIOD.
Boy, you're like a wind-up guy.
Man, all you got to do is do a real material.
You just go, you run with it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Neil?
Yeah.
Am I on now?
Yes, sir.
I got a new perspective there.
It's okay. Good.
I don't particularly care for the bird, but that's either here and there.
I just think that your ability, your expertise, and your talent is that much greater than most of your peers.
He looks that much worse, and he doesn't come out anywhere near as good as you do in personal appearances.
Rubblewise.
I mean, I always look forward to you.
Oh, personal appearance.
What am I?
Like some kind of dynamo when I go out on the appearance.
I'm basically a very introverted kind of person, and I try to be friendly and nice to people.
And sign an order.
What am I?
Something like some kind of hot shot?
You're an introverted person?
Yes.
Now that you know what I'm saying.
Off the air.
Off the air.
You bet.
I'm the bird.
I splin.
And I am too.
I'm a very shy person.
I mean, if you got to get it with Steve, I used to look forward to one day if you get to get it with Steve,
can't make me laugh when I think you would have.
Okay.
I just think that the bird doesn't come up anywhere near your level, and that's the bashing of it.
Hmm.
Okay.
All right.
I'll try.
I don't understand.
I have a 1239 at WIOD.
Let's go to a celebrity caller online for.
Hi, I'm a singer-joker.
And I was a very sad day for radio.
Really?
I can't take sides because I've worked extensively with both of you.
Don't you wish?
And both of you are like brothers to me.
By the way, get out of that production studio, AJ.
Well, listen, I think it is a difference of perception and, you know, Glenn, you know, you have
to give yourself as a professional.
Yeah.
And this was a job.
It's like an other job to you.
But it was perceived by most everybody else as, you know, kind of like my daddy had an
entourage.
It's like Neil has his entourage.
You got that rich, big Dave, and Joey now, and they just get angry.
And Eric.
And you were like the top of the audience.
And Eric, right.
I'm sorry.
But you're right.
It does seem to be perception, Elvis.
Yes, it does.
And it's too bad that everybody perceives it differently than you.
Wow.
Yeah.
You know, daddy had his entourage.
And Neil has his own entourage.
And you were paid pretty damn good.
There would be the top man in the entourage.
Right.
I feel badly for you.
And I hope you'll am at your feet somewhere.
Well, thanks.
I feel badly too after this.
You know, but I'm feeling better now that a few things have been explained.
And lunch.
And, I'm full of Gilbert.
Yes.
Your intonation with the ad carpet brings tears to my mind too.
And pain to my groin.
Watch out for those dangerous crabs, E.J.
But I think very much for a man.
They got something at Eckerds.
It'll take care of that.
Well, I appreciate I'll be going by there now.
Okay.
See you.
Thank you.
Okay, 1241 at W1D.
If not an editorial comment on the last call just so that, you know,
after 5 or 10 of those beef sandwiches, man, it starts getting to you.
North Miami.
Is gone.
Boy, some strange things going on this hour.
The Palm Beach Line.
Yeah.
And your message with me.
Oh, okay.
Good one.
Uh, Miami.
Neil.
Yeah.
I'm your biggest fan.
And bottom line is, I mean, you're the best.
But I'll tell you what, Glenn is right.
I'm sure you're not the easiest person in the world to work with.
Well, that goes with the territory.
But you're not the only one who's working with that.
The reason I say that is because, I mean, he had to be a yes person to you.
And I think after a while with Vita, he just got tired of saying yes.
He wanted to speak his piece and he went out and did that.
Yeah.
You know, I'm saying no.
I think he had to, I think the bird, bird, tell me if I'm right.
Okay.
You thought at first that I have a feeling that just, just to be a yes person,
so you'd hang in there for a while.
First of all, he was not a yes person on the show that, again, was a wrong perception.
We disagreed about a lot of things.
Every day.
And there was no problem with that.
I don't have a, I don't want a yes person.
I don't want somebody kissing my butt, but I don't also want somebody.
Every time I bring up something to talk about that they're not interested in throwing a tantrum answer.
No.
Can you relate to them?
Yeah, I can relate to them, but I'm not saying that.
I'm saying early on.
He kind of agreed with you a lot of things.
And finally, he finally said to himself, well, look, if I don't really agree with him,
that's right.
Even that, even that way back in Zeta, we had that people used to call him a yes.
And then we disagreed about a lot of stuff.
In fact, they used to be a whole thing about the show where Capri would disagree with everything that everybody said.
And I mean, he's got to be a thing and we would disagree about music and almost everything.
Yeah, I think you're the best, but I was disappointed.
They came back from Chicago and I called you from there to the McCarty show.
I got in Wednesday morning and I heard that, you know, it's me so the Burbs got isolated, disappointed.
But, um, my wife goes on, sir.
No, I know.
I just, it just, it just seemed like you two guys are going forever.
That's all.
Nothing is forever, I hope you get something good.
Thanks.
Okay.
1243, a WIOD.
What was that?
Oh, Melvin's way behind you.
Okay, let's go to Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
Barry Gibb, Jr. here.
Huh.
Well, it's about time.
Go ahead, how are you?
Well, pretty rough, but I'm hanging in there.
It sounds like it.
Yeah, pretty rough.
I just got to tell you, I called.
I wanted to be one of the few callers that called and said something nice in your defense.
Okay.
Hmm.
What the hell was that?
Maybe we have a little something musical for that last caller that might fit right in.
I thought he was going to say very, um, yeah, very empty.
Maybe something like that.
Maybe.
Okay.
You can still talk him up.
I sure can.
But we need some help from Johnny Dark.
Okay, let's go to, um, how come Johnny's not here?
We had a lot of food today.
Johnny Dark is a friend of mine.
That's it.
Hates me with a passion now.
Why?
I don't know why I'm just making a statement.
I'm thinking it's, you think it's misperception?
No, I just think that he's, uh, sucks around.
That's all.
Boka.
Yeah.
Um, I'm really excited about this show.
You're what?
Excited about it.
Well, good.
Be excited to speak up enough so we can hear you.
That would be a year and a half.
That's excellent.
Okay.
Don't get too excited though.
Well, I'll have to hold you over for the Alex Bennett show.
I can't believe I'm talking to you.
I've listened to you for about a year and a half now.
Yeah.
And I love the show.
I'm going to say something about the bird and you as a couple working together.
As a couple working together.
A couple working together.
Yeah, I'm like a word couple, you know.
Well, in a sense, I mean, listen to you for a second now.
Eric and Joey are here.
They make a smashing couple, but that's just that it's going to happen, you know.
Well, anyways, what I want to say is that I'd be glad to perform that ceremony and the brisk too.
In a real sense.
Spencer, how you know what are you still doing here Spencer?
Oh, I love to know.
Huh?
Me too.
Did you wash the bird's car?
Let me just say a couple things.
Spencer, did you wash the bird's car?
He washed your car.
Excellent.
My preview.
The fan he got his car washed.
I have to help him show up every Wednesday now.
On this show.
What?
I'm glad that you grew on this show.
Okay.
I'm glad that you finally...
Why have you been looking, sir?
How you...
I have been looking all the time.
I'm glad he's grown on this show.
And I'm glad he finally said, I want to say what I want to say.
And I don't think what's happened to the bird is a bad thing.
I think is getting let go and being out there in the world is part of what happened to him you grow.
And he grew out of your job.
And it was time for you guys to say goodbye.
Yeah.
And that's like any other kind of relationship.
Any other team, any other partnership that you have.
Every so often you got to say, I've grown on Beyondus and I want to do something else.
The thing that I don't like when I'm hearing is the whining about it.
From...
From...
When you make from the bird.
Hmm.
When you make a decision that you want to be your own person.
And you really want to do what you want to do.
Then you got to take the stuff that goes with it.
And the stuff that goes with it is you're on your own.
And you do it.
You don't want to talk about it or to talk about it.
And you don't miss perceivet.
There is nothing wrong with what happened.
It's a reality.
And Neil is really trying to help you understand that.
And he is really trying to put himself out to do that.
And he's got guns to do it.
Hmm.
And I can hear it in his voice.
And if I were just listening to this show for the first time,
I wouldn't be sure that it wasn't a put on in his part.
But I really feel like...
Put on my guy.
They practically burned the building down to get him out of here this morning.
I don't know he was coming here today.
Yes, he was.
I never heard of this.
I just want to say that if you have a professional partner that you had with Neil.
And the care that he's shown and the tone of his voice about you makes me feel like
what's going on there is really healthy for your birds.
Listen and perceive.
You're not bad.
There's nothing wrong with you.
What you have to understand is that you have grown and you have changed.
And now it's time to leave the play tent.
And to go out in the world and do what you want to do on your own.
Grab it and go.
You've got all the goddamn opportunity in the world.
Take it and make it and go.
Okay.
You're a lovely person.
But you've got to get rid of that thing with your little boy.
And it's all over with now.
You made a man's decision taken inside of yourself and stay with it.
It's a really healthy decision for you.
Neil God bless you.
Okay, sir.
Bye-bye.
And have a lovely day.
1247 at WIOD that Boca Del Realign is open now.
You know the number.
I'm not giving any numbers out today.
I'm just refuse to do it.
We will tell you that Gulf Stream Florida Super Track is having a...
...and just to fire you.
So it will go that happy.
1251 at WIOD in a very traumatic Wednesday.
Food is just about gone.
We have one Italian beef sandwich here, Melvin.
Somebody?
Scott?
Nobody wants it.
Man, it is so good.
I have...
I'm so stuffed.
I'm sick to my stomach from just picking out, but it was so good.
I'm not giving it to Roy Gehring.
Maybe it'll come out.
Yeah, we'd like to give it to Boy Gehring.
Let's go to North Miami Beach.
Hello?
Yes.
Neil.
Yeah, I just have a couple of things I want to say.
Get off my chest.
First off...
You have a couple of things you'd like to get off your chest?
Yeah, I'm fine with this surgeon that he's going to have on his afternoon.
This dermatologist?
Yeah.
Maybe they're dangerous crabs, sir.
I guess that sounds pretty serious.
I don't...
No, I don't want to say I'm that serious.
But, um...
First off, I want to say a couple of good things and critical things.
First, I just want to say, bird.
Your last week was very good.
The week did Neil went away.
He did a good job.
Secondly, I think the call had before me was correct, but he was a little hard.
You know, you've got to stop being a little hard.
You're not seeing a little hard, okay?
Alex is coming up and just over an hour and everything on this station now is falling.
It's all he talks about is how hard it is and has been.
Secondly, now that you've heard me compliment you, I mean, let me tell you that I think I'm an open-minded guy.
When I went to the remote that Toyota at Hollywood, I mean, if you watch Neil sitting there,
and I'm not saying you had to be this way, but, you know, he was laughing with people and smiling with people
and came across, you know, you had really good vibes coming out of Neil.
And I'm not saying you had bad vibes, and maybe you were just in a bad mood that day or just in a tired mood.
Because you just seem to be sitting there and looking around like, you know, I didn't see you doing anything cruel or, you know, unkind.
It's just like you seem to be sitting there kind of out of it.
And that was the impression I got. And I know because I was in line for an hour and a half, and I was watching you guys for an hour and a half.
And at one point, you know, like I saw you get up and you, I just went to the bathroom or something, and then you came back and, you know, it was the same kind of reaction.
You know, you might have smiled once, I think.
And I'm just saying that's what I saw, and I was watching.
Because, you know, I've never seen you all, and I was like, you know, I thought I'd get to know you by watching your faces.
Anyway, and the other thing is to get away from that Gilbert. Are you there?
Yes, just that land.
How does it feel to like have this immense popularity all of a sudden?
I think it's fantastic.
I mean, it's like every day people calling, and no matter who they criticize, they'll say, oh, but we love Gilbert.
I know, I make it a little interesting. You know, you have to put that movement to it.
Yeah. Well, I think Neil was right about that.
Gilbert's teaching me a lot about doing live spots. I've learned a lot from him.
I make sure you get those dangerous crabs in every time.
I think Neil was right about you when he said that, you know, that you can talk about any subject.
And you are genuinely funny, and I don't mean funny like we're living at you.
I mean, I think, I mean, you have funny things to say.
Sure, you have to have a sense of humor on occasion, you know.
And maybe you ought to consider it like, you know, getting your broadcast license.
I don't know if you need a license to get a talk.
No, no, no, I'm with the God. Neil would take care of that.
I'll sign it for him.
Well, like if somebody else, like, like, take a person like me,
if they want it to become a radio talk show,
no chance.
Would they have to go to a chance?
No chance. No.
I don't have the voice.
Don't do it. Why do you think?
You see what happened? That wasn't my fault because Neil should have showed me the spot on that night sound 6-6.
Well, why did you add a little pizzeria in there, you know?
That's true.
It worked out just great.
Have a great day, sir.
And just to relieve yourself of that idea, okay?
Which idea?
Of beginning into this business.
Well, I'm already in the entertainment business.
Well, listen, that's entertaining enough. Don't do it.
Well, if I'm able to do both, like, I could keep my other entertaining job.
That's good.
All right.
On the side, that's the only way I would still have a very good income.
Always have a backup.
All right.
Okay.
1255 at WIOD, the Blade Runner girl.
Hi, guys.
How you doing?
How you doing, dear?
Just taking in all this stuff that everybody's calling a lot of stuff.
A lot of stuff.
Yeah, a lot of stuff.
I don't want to take sides or anything, you know?
I just have, you know, like that last guy, some good things and some bad things I remember.
I did meet both of you when you guys went with Steve Caine to see Gold.
I remember.
Yes.
And the bird was very, very nice.
He wasn't, you know, fumbling or anything like Neil's that sometimes.
I'm sure, you know, he's done it on a case, but he was very nice to me.
Neil was very nice also.
And to go back about, like, when Neil had people, you know, in the studio during the show.
I remember, and I have tapes of this, like, back when he was on Zeta that he had the Cooper City kids and Colin and all that.
Yeah, I hear, remember that.
Yeah, well, it was cool.
I do.
I remember that.
This is one time that's the corner of my mind that Bob and some other kids were going over.
And like, you could see Alan to the parking lot and you mentioned it and the bird got a little bit upset about it.
I hit this one in the fog.
And then when they came in to the studio that they were there to bash because they wanted to ban Alan and all that,
then he kind of like got buddy buddy with them, you know, so there's good things on this bad thing.
And like I said, I don't want to take slides or anything, but unfortunately, all good things come to an end.
There was a lot of fun and I do miss the bird too, you know.
But, you know, I just wanted to say that.
Okay. Have a good one.
Hope you guys are doing everything out.
See you.
Bye.
1257 and WID.
Before we go to the next call now, your girlfriend hit her head on your bed. Is that what it was?
Was that something like that?
Yeah.
Well, no, you mentioned that this is Eric's girlfriend. He was talking about the other day who I'm sure is just was she there?
I'd spec she wasn't there.
Where's she?
She wasn't there.
What a shame.
And she course couldn't be here today because she's in school. Where does she go to school?
FIU.
Oh, really?
Hey, exciting.
And now what happened? She wasn't bed.
Oh, that's the story. Okay.
We were kind of wrestling around on top of the sheet.
And I pushed her back.
Oh, wait a minute.
Where's there without your clothes on?
That doesn't matter.
Oh, without your clothes on.
Yeah, even Gilbert said you didn't say that.
I don't know.
Yeah, don't tease. Right?
Yeah, yeah.
And Eric, how was the wife?
There might have even been some of those dangerous crabs around.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking.
There were a few articles of clothing that were not on.
You're right.
Like the ones you're about to take off.
Exactly.
And I pushed her back and her head hit the back of my bed.
And that's the story. She hit her head, blood went everywhere, and it runs to the house.
Blood went everywhere.
All over my wife.
The bed, the sheets everywhere.
Boy, talk about ruining a mood.
God.
Yeah.
Well, we went to the house, but we got a couple of things.
And I came back and resumed.
Okay. Well, we stayed in the car.
Hmm.
Why?
You did what in the car?
A few things.
Eric.
In the car?
Boy, these emotional kids, you know, and it's just incredible.
On the beach, you know, as well, that's your probably got to rise out of those people.
And there were people in their walkers carrying on all over the beach.
Right, Eric?
You got it.
Okay, here's a lady in plantation. Hello.
Hello. Hi, Clint.
Hi.
I can't help but think about the times that you took the show and you come back from a remote.
And people would call and say, oh, it was really great to meet Glenn.
I enjoyed him.
And what a great show.
And then when you got fired, the people they called in and were self-set that you were gone.
And I think the reason maybe you're getting more negative and positive today is that maybe those people just don't listen to the show anymore now that you're not on it.
I wonder why it was just so many negatives in a row.
That was interesting.
Why?
There are all those people.
I think they don't listen anymore because you're gone.
Take care.
I wish you luck to luck, whatever you do.
Whoa. Okay. Well, it's your nice to know that you're still listening.
Oh, I do. I love you too, Neil.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
What a way in the hour.
Yeah.
That's amazing.
It is.
It is. I'm glad.
Boy, I tell you.
I can't wait for Gudge Whopper and Junior's verdict a little later on in the show.
Deborah Martinez is also more than amazing.
He's standing by the leather.
In leather?
I can't play.
Unless you're trying to protect yourself.
Well, the one o'clock that you have to use.
And oh, boy, I think we're regressing.
And then two o'clock this afternoon, Committee and Jackie Bennett TV Channel 6 Weekend anchor,
Diana Morgan, who will come straight from the Queen Mary, by the way.
And that'll be two to six sports talk at 605 in the stand major show from eight until 11.
And by the way, don't forget, in case you missed a yesterday, Alex is desperate.
610 WIOD presents Neil Rogers.
To get in touch and talk, call 751 WIOD in dayed.
524 WIOD in Brawler, or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach.
Other areas make all collect.
The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers, on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD.
Oh, boy, it's the one to two hours.
This day, don't wait in the stream.
So it's one, two, we strike you out at the all, four games.
Okay, it's 106 at WIOD.
We have a very exciting news here.
And that is Eric is wearing a bathing suit today.
Didn't tell us this when he came in.
And the actual thing about that.
He's from the beach.
And he's going to take all his clothes off, except his shoes and his bathing suit in just a second.
Right, Eric?
Wrong.
Anyway, well, listen, we work on it slowly.
Okay, you can help him.
Here's a bird defense call in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hi, Neil.
Yeah.
I got the solution to the bird's problem.
Do you?
Yeah.
Well, great.
Yeah.
I think you should replace them with Joseph Gackie and sports talk.
And everything will be taken care of.
That will solve all the problems.
Don't you think so?
Yeah.
What a great idea.
He might become a big sports fan pretty quick.
And just use Gilbert at the sidekick.
Uh-huh.
Okay, sir.
That's a lot of fun.
Okay, beautiful way to start the hour.
I'm going to go to the
I'm going to go to the school.
I'm going to go to the school.
I'm going to go to the school.
I'm going to go to the school.
I'm going to go to the school.
I'm going to go to the school.
I'm going to go to the school.
I'm going to go to the school.
I'm going to go to the school.
I'm going to go to the school.
I'm going to go to the school.
I'm going to go to the school.
I'm going to go to the school.
Next to Gilbert.
Oh, and I love you.
We love you, Gilbert.
How are you doing, yeah?
Did you laugh when I said those
I thank you, perhaps?
Yes.
Yes.
Anyway, I want you to know that I never
used to listen to your show when
Berg was on because I used to get so
aggravated by his laugh.
Now that he's off, I love your show
and I listen all the time and I can call you all the time.
And I'm trying to turn my
invent road.
Oh.
I don't know who I am.
I'm not so any.
Well, he doesn't like to show
anyway.
Okay.
Well, that's good.
Anyway, I just wanted to let him know
that I hope he gets
another job somewhere but I'm
glad he's up here show.
Okay.
Okay, Neil.
See you.
Bye.
You have time.
A big kiss for me.
It's 108.
Eric's down to his underwear now and
they're pretty impressive.
I'll tell you that.
Pretty imposing.
Let's go to Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
I've been listening to you guys
since you came over to WIOD.
How long has that over a year, right?
Yeah, a little over a year.
Yeah.
I tell you, I never noticed any big
change in the birth.
Big ego trip.
Where?
Me either.
Where?
I never noticed any big ego trip
that he was on.
Why do you get fired?
So I'm not going to start at the
square one and rehash the whole thing.
Have you been listening to the show?
Yeah.
Okay.
I can't go back to 10 o'clock and do the
whole four hours for you.
It wasn't any big ego trip.
No.
Well, if you say so, then it was not,
had nothing to do with anything.
Okay.
It was just because I'm a bad guy.
You're a lot more entertaining than he is.
Yeah.
There's no question about that.
No question about that.
The bird was just happy to fill in for you.
Every once in a while.
Yeah.
He hardly said anything.
Exactly.
Right.
Hey.
Let's face facts.
You're the show that's the only reason
that people listen.
Okay.
It wasn't because of the bird.
Right.
You know, your show is the same now as it was before.
Right.
It was just as entertaining.
Yeah.
So the bird had to have done something else.
Like what?
I have no idea.
Oh, one of those calls, huh?
Well, he's saying why all this big hubbub basically.
No, no.
See, I'm not going to listen.
I'm not going to rehash.
We've been through it.
We read the article.
I've went through the thing on the ear.
I don't know to the point of nausea.
And here we are.
It's 10 after one.
And you still have it absorbed into your brain.
Why you're not on this show anymore?
Okay.
That's the part that's frightening to me.
After all of this time, you still don't get it.
Well, why don't you?
Now, I can't draw you a roadmap.
Okay.
How about the bottom line is it's my show.
I didn't like the way things were going.
I'll give you an example.
About two, three weeks ago, I came in and I'd
watched a hockey game that I before.
Okay.
Which now that I have my satellite dish at least temporarily,
I get to see the things that I want to see.
And lo and behold, I never thought it was going to go anywhere.
I just mentioned it.
And lo and behold, the phones lit up.
We did four hours on a hockey.
Now, I guarantee if you would have been here,
there would have been such carrying on.
And such we would never gotten past 10, 15, okay.
And it was a good show.
And the phones never stopped ringing.
And we had a good time and it was something different.
You couldn't handle that.
Because you're not interested in it.
And I'm going to sit here every day.
And I'm going to talk about what I'm interested in.
It's my show.
And if I want to talk about the fact that Eric looks like God,
I'll talk about that or that Alan looks like you're better than God.
Or what?
That's what I'm into.
That's what I'm going to talk about.
If I want to talk about the Cubs and about Mark Grayson about whatever it is,
that's what I'm going to talk about.
Okay.
I'm not going to sit here and please you or anybody else, okay.
I'm here to please myself and the audience.
God!
And evidently, for a long time, I've been pleasing the audience.
Okay.
But do it pretty damn well.
And I'm not going to temper or mold or change what I want to talk about.
Because you're sitting here, sighing and huffing and puffing
and putting the mic over on the side.
I mean, how many richest seniors do that many times?
I saw you do it a hundred times.
I'm not going to put up with that.
Okay. You're a nice guy.
I wish you the best.
But you're not just, it's not going to be.
It's just history.
It had its time in place and it's gone.
And some of the callers have said it even better than I did.
Things have to evolve.
You've got to go on to something else besides being just some little lemon here.
You've got to do your own thing now.
Are you there?
Yeah.
Oh.
I just, my reaction to that is I never felt this was a sports show.
Or I wouldn't have been on it in the first place.
David Letterman.
It's not a sports show.
It's a sports idiot.
But if I knew he was going to do a whole show on sports, I wouldn't turn it on.
But you're not being paid to watch David Letterman.
You were being paid good money to sit here and dummy up.
That's all.
If I would have required you to get into some kind of great intellectual conversation
about sports trivia and about the cops and about that would have been different.
You couldn't have done it because you don't know anything about it.
You have no interest.
But on those occasions when we were discussing something you don't care about,
or you had to sit back and shut up and just read your inquire.
That's all I have a nice lunch.
How could anybody pass up a deal like that?
I attempted to do that.
You couldn't do it.
You know, we're not capable of doing it.
I'm a personality.
I'm a person.
And you're going to get my feedback.
Well, fine.
So you couldn't do it.
And either you can deal with it or you can't.
And we end up couldn't.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay. I think we just solved it.
It's 113 to WIOD.
We want to tell you one more time.
It's 113 to WIOD.
I know.
What was that number for the roses again?
976?
Well, excellent.
Excellent.
Okay.
Also by the way, Eric has done it with fruit of the looms now, which is pretty incredible.
And I would get out before Alex comes in.
Because the way he's talking the last couple of days, I'm not sure what he's going to do.
Miami.
Yeah, Neil?
Yeah.
Yeah, you're the best.
Gilbert's great.
But the bird definitely needs to get alive.
That's it.
That was it.
Oh, by the way, this morning.
Donnie Osmond was on the stage show when he wasn't with anybody because they had taped the interview.
And I just mentioned that in passing.
Okay.
He looked pretty good.
He looked okay.
He was doing well.
The album is doing great.
You remember Donnie, don't you?
Mm-hmm.
Okay. Let's go to Papano.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, listen.
Who the hell is that, Rich?
I don't want to explore nothing, but he seems like a real trouble, maybe.
He is.
No.
No, what he asked an question for, you know the answer?
Boy.
But what's the question?
He's a paid trouble maker.
What does a guy pay?
He's an Ojohn provocateur.
A paid trouble maker who comes in to create all kinds of problems and stir up a lot of rumors and make phone calls back and forth.
And he alarm.
A lot of backbiting.
Hey, bird.
Yeah.
I want to tell you I've always liked you.
I used to always listen to you when you did the entertainment reports.
Mm-hmm.
Great.
You're really good.
I got one question, Neil.
How come yesterday when I called you to stick up for the bird?
You told me to get a life and I'll not bother you.
When was that?
Yesterday.
You must have been a little more than that, sir.
Nine, tonight.
How long did it go?
How long was it called, about 20 minutes?
No, no.
It would have been longer, but it lasted about 20 seconds.
Uh-huh.
Well, there had to be something there, sir.
Have I been hanging up on the people who stuck up for them today?
No, you've been real good today.
He's had every opportunity, plus he's in the building in spite of management's hysterical.
I can't get over that.
Sessional hatred, whatever the hell it is.
Can I've gotten that you've been really good?
Have a great life, Joe.
I'm glad we've fed you good.
And get his number and get some good information for us.
You've been really decent to him today.
I gotta say that.
That's right.
You've given him every chance.
Well, we wish him the best.
I said that and I meant it, but he doesn't believe it.
Oh, it's bird.
He's been really fair to him.
And he thinks that because we still, you know, make a little fun of him now that he's gone.
I mean, that's just part of the show.
He was here a long time and it goes with the territory, okay?
But I'm part of what the show is all about.
I'm waiting for some juicy fat part to come out in the article.
And the article seems pretty tame.
The article is really just nothing.
Absolutely.
I mean, that rich made this big build up here.
And nothing.
The article is, like I said, nothing.
I think you're gonna stop eating fat rich.
Yeah.
That would fix his ass, wouldn't it?
And you're giving him food for thought.
Just kill them.
Yeah.
Hey, bird, good luck with you.
Thanks, sir.
Okay.
Have a great day, sir.
Twenty after one, a W on the everybody's in a pretty good mood now.
Even Gilbert's getting excited.
Do you want to do your Yankee thing now?
Don't do the cumstance.
We'll see that for later.
Okay.
And what is the, well, no, but what is doing little setup now?
What is this?
This is the original theme song of the New York Yankees back in the early days.
Tune in to the New York Yankee Facebook right here on WIOC.
The greatest attractions for New York Yankee.
I'm Yankee Doodle Dandy.
Yankee Doodle Doodle at the eye.
Hey, we're all live Facebook team.
The New York Yankee.
They are my joy and my pride.
So come on and we'll play the Yankee.
You will have a great time.
When the Yankee's take the field, they will talk it to them.
They are my Yankee Doodle boys.
Outstanding, Gilbert.
Outstanding our live studio audience with just a little round of applause here.
Okay, let's do a break.
21-PASSMUM will do the other thing later.
Okay, we'll tape it.
We're going to do it.
Yeah, you need a break after that.
It is.
I bet it's time to just like that too, the new old days.
It did.
Yeah.
Matter of fact, the Ron St. John used to sing it.
You need to hear this.
For a night of great energy.
What is your favorite?
WIOD.
What is your favorite?
WIOD.
What is your favorite?
WIOD.
What is your favorite?
WIOD.
What is your favorite?
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
We are going to do a break, but let's do pump it for all times.
Oh, let's not.
Okay, it doesn't make us screw them.
Now, we don't need their calls anyway.
I don't even know who the hell you are.
Four-large sale.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yeah.
Good luck, Glenn.
I was wondering, what Gilbert is still doing there?
Is he retired?
Yes.
He retired.
I'm like, Lyck and Pat's sign employed.
Gilbert has become a radio consultant now.
He's very famous.
Very, very, very funny.
He is very.
You're not answering his question.
What a killer say.
Did you like that thing song that I sang before?
Oh fantastic, Gilbert.
You sing atrocious.
I know.
Or just a certain something in that voice though,
that just so you can't resist it.
Yeah, there is a certain something in Gilbert's voice
that you can't resist.
Yeah.
But running into a thousand dangerous crabs in Hollywood.
I think it's lack of education.
Okay.
Sorry.
Thank you, Neil.
Okay.
Bye bye.
26th after 1 at WIOD.
And let's go to a lady in Boka.
Floor glam.
Hi.
I think you're well,
and I admire you for your intelligence.
And I'm proud of you for taking all the flask you're taking.
And I'm proud of you for keeping your own identity.
And I'm the only, I'm the fourth woman lady
that has been on the air with you today.
And Neil kind of talks serve or everybody just like
what he calls Alice Renn.
You can't hear Alice in an interview
without him drowning out the interview.
And Guilford will be in Neil's chess game.
Yeah.
So don't take it seriously there.
No.
We are, we ladies love you.
Yes.
And it's nice to know you're still listening.
There she goes.
That's one of your people.
You done an interview with Alice Renn tell?
I don't know.
You know what the hell she's talking about?
I met you in my language.
I'll tell you that.
Dear field.
Hi Neil Dick here.
Neil, I don't want to rehash any old topics.
How you doing, Dick?
Never better.
But you know, in one breath, you tell management.
You don't want to burn on your show.
The next breath, you say that you didn't have fire.
Did I said that?
Yeah.
When did I say that?
Well, she's been out in the hold for about 20 minutes.
So it's probably been about 45 minutes.
I hate to break the news to you.
I said very clearly repeatedly today.
And it says it right in the article,
I'm the one who told Disney he's got to go off my shirt.
Right.
So you tell him that he's gone.
I don't have fire boy here.
Let me say it again.
No, what is it?
You don't have fire.
There are a blow it out your ass.
OK.
Right on now.
That was Mike Disney's.
If he would have said to me, you do it.
I had no problem whatsoever.
I don't make corporate or company decisions here.
There's only one I made today.
And that was the overall management and give the bird an opportunity to come on
and spew his thing.
Whatever it is you want to do.
Thank you.
And it's mung heads like that that just want to go on.
He's doing exactly what that psychotic broad from Boko was talking about right before.
And talking over and just babbling on and on.
There's one have a conversation.
Sir, would like you like yours you ought to go far.
Right Gilbert?
Right on.
Helen Dale.
Don't let the birds spew anything all over your carts.
Listen to me for a minute.
Would everybody just listen?
OK, let's all come down and listen to the voice of reason here.
OK, first of all, I've listened to Glenn since he was on Love 94 with that entertainment report.
Well, I could sure use another soda.
You know, who's got some change, Rich?
Rich is going to get it.
Hello.
Yes, go ahead.
And Glenn has his own personality.
And that's the way it is.
And that's the way it's always going to be.
And Glenn has a great personality.
But you know, things happen and that's the way it is.
Now as far as Glenn coming, everybody's saying that Glenn's coming on the show today and whining.
I don't think Glenn's whining.
I love you Neil, but I think you're whining a little bit more about this thing Glenn has.
Not me.
Well, you know, it's just on and on.
But I love your whining.
But let's be fair to Glenn.
I got news for you sir.
The name of this show is whining and dining.
That's all I want to do.
And I love it.
And I don't deny it.
I have to say anybody can make this kind of money.
I'm not felying about it.
The bird.
Right?
Gilbert.
Did have his own personality and he did get a little out of hand.
But I have to say something.
He was very, very loyal to you when as far as like when you went on vacation and stuff.
You know, a couple of people tried to get on the phone and ribbed you.
And he always, you know, Neil was always on the top of his mind.
And he always came through for you.
And, you know, he's gone and I have to say something.
The show is a little bit better without him.
Oh.
But on the other hand, he was great and he added a lot.
Now, let's get on, you know, the bird's gone.
Now let's call Sweet Baby Blue or Justice Drikers Thompson and really get into some heavy topics.
Or Eric.
Or Eric.
Oh, by the way, Paul, that's a great guy.
He's just doing it in the car with his girlfriend on the beach.
No less.
Boy.
Don't you think this guy had Alex Dowd find out about that, man.
We're going to have some real problems on the beach.
Don't you think this guy has great reverb?
Yeah.
I'm in an empty room.
That's what the day's so far.
Okay, Gilbert's applauding your reverbs.
You're excellent job.
Gilbert's lost.
I don't.
See ya.
I'm 7-6.
Okay.
It's 134.
W-I-O-D.
You're on everybody's, the tip of everybody's tongue.
Here's a, another lady bird defender.
Hello.
Hello.
Oh, no, we lost her.
Hello.
We need all of you.
Just relax.
Don't get high-perch, she's right here.
We need all of you.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
Am I in the air?
Yes, ma'am.
I'd like to say hello to the bird.
Hi.
I really loved it when you were on the show.
Thanks.
I'm a long time listener of first-time callers.
Uh-huh.
I just got my phone yesterday and I'm really excited to be calling you.
I didn't think I was ever going to get through.
This is exciting.
Exciting for me, too.
I hope you get a job and I wish you a lot of luck.
Well, thanks.
I wish they'd take Stan Major's office night and put you on instead.
All right.
Stan Major's put my husband to sleep.
Let's just keep ripping everybody.
Okay.
I just keep firing everybody.
Just have like a round robin, okay?
Okay.
I just like to say hello to everybody in the studio.
How are you doing?
I'm doing fine.
I'm doing fine.
All right, Gilbert.
How am I doing so far?
You're doing great.
You should show me the spots.
You know, if I know them, I may be in the studio.
No, we like to say we know you're so good you can do it right off the top of your head.
It's a piece of cake.
Exactly.
Okay.
I just want to call.
You know, let me ask you a question.
You still listen to this show?
Yes, I do.
Well, thank God for you.
I'll be able to explain it.
I'll be able to explain it to you before I call.
Thank you.
And now I just want to call my husband John to do his back.
Excellent.
Have a great day.
You too.
Okay.
132 at WIOD.
Miami.
Hello.
Great job.
Okay, they waited 45 minutes to hang up.
Isn't that amazing?
It's amazing.
Wait, somebody else has something in palatine.
I know.
It's frightening.
Shut up, Gilbert.
Miami. Hello.
All right.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, Bird.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, Bird.
Can you play the golf game for me?
Not today, sir.
Boy, those were the days, weren't they?
Yeah.
Young Neil?
No young Neil today.
No young Neil.
Oh, look.
I'm an American quote one guy.
And, Bird, what the hell do you want?
How about a job to start a job somewhere?
Somewhere.
Some work, yeah.
I think Lee Fowler is looking for a sidekick.
Oh, I heard a Dean Goodman called it a little while ago.
Yeah, right.
Or maybe, you know, I think this is, you know,
I'm glad you had the guy back on the show.
It's nice to hear his voice again.
Of course, what the hell are they so uptight about out there in the outer offices for crying out loud?
You should know.
Look where you work.
You should know better than me.
No, they, I couldn't believe this.
They really shocked me.
Me too.
Just when I think I know how psychotic they are, they come to new lows, man.
They just come up with new craziness.
Couldn't get over it.
So what are you doing, Bird?
Are you like renting out your house, Bird?
Or, you know, I'm still there.
You're still there?
Still there for at least this month.
At least this one.
Take cover.
Yes.
Don't buy a house.
I, I, I own one.
You own one?
Yes.
He's way ahead of all of the keys.
They've given him number of keys.
See?
The over it's scattered there.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
134.
Enough, Gilbert.
130.
We've just seen those dangerous crabs after you cut the craft.
134, a WIOD, and we'll be right back.
Okay.
What's that number again, Gilbert?
976.
Routh.
Okay.
Now, Eric was telling us he used to be the bad boy for the giants.
You got it.
That's incredible.
How long ago was that?
About four years ago.
Three years ago.
How old are you, Eric?
21.
He's legal, Gilbert.
Four years ago in San Francisco?
I used to travel with him.
Incredible.
Did they have, did they have ball girls too?
They had a few of those.
Really?
Anything great stories that we might be interested in?
Off the air, maybe.
Oh, okay.
Kind of like the ones from the beach.
I'm very interested.
Yes.
Maybe you can hang out with Gilbert.
He's writing a book.
Poor Lauderdale.
Yeah, this is the psychic detective over at Channel 7.
The one?
The psychic detective?
Yes, sir.
After I was through with the InSav report tonight, the bird would like some help planning a job.
Do you have one?
At 7?
I tried reading Gilbert's mind, but it was all blank.
Cute.
Okay, we'll be looking for your check for Camilo's house and thanks so much.
22 till 2 at WIOD.
That was the one.
Hollywood.
Yeah, hi guys.
Yeah.
I got to ask, Gilbert, are you related to Calvin DuForest by any chance?
Yes.
You really are?
Yeah.
You know, I'm a unique person.
I can't say.
They are similar though.
I'm at the unusual type of Lownlays plots, you know.
Listen, you don't know how much truth you're saying.
You are unique and I think you are the Larry Budnamal of radio.
He is.
He's the wave of broadcast future in this market.
Make no mistake about it.
He's going to be so big now Saturday morning.
He's going to be a hard son.
No, no, no.
Son, they don't get hyper now.
Sunday morning, he's going to be on the Howard News show on WKAT.
How do you like that?
Wow.
What?
Good office at Meg Green.
Yeah, I saw him last night at Calder's birthday party.
Yeah.
He was not only telling jokes and otherwise being outstanding,
he was dancing and singing.
Yeah.
Well, I heard a little birdie told me that the reason Bill left early
is that Gilbert just stole the show completely and Bill kind of faded
into the woodwork.
No, Bill, that's that.
You just star the show.
No, it's not so Bill.
I'll get up in a more.
Yeah, he had to get up to be at the station at five o'clock in the morning.
That's like Bill left.
Well, listen, as far as this bird business concerned, I mean,
I think it's redundant.
I mean, you know, it's over.
It's done.
You know, what's this?
I don't know about that.
I think the bird isn't a ten-in-guy little like Megan, though.
Well, I think you got the birdie eight-waste till April.
Oh, I don't know about that.
Well, listen.
That's a nice guy.
Well, you're a nicer guy, but you keep in there gobernating.
I think it's a little...
Oh, you know who enjoyed the bird, the one with the eyes, who I saw last night.
I felt cold again.
That's another reason he's not here anymore.
I missed that.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, what are you talking about?
The guy with the eyes, the one that always used to show up.
Oh, he hated it.
All of that stuff.
Alex looks a little better today.
Looks like he may have gotten a little something overnight, no?
Well, listen.
Good luck, fellas.
Either that or he found a good magazine on the beach.
Hang in there.
Hang in there, go over.
Hi, Alex.
Thanks a lot, sir.
Don't get the two...
He was ripping you yesterday.
Pretty good, you know.
I enjoy Alex.
Tell me what I'm talking about.
Well, you may stick around.
You might be his audience today, and everyone else.
Let's go to Boca next.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Boca.
Okay, good one.
Let's try Miami.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What happened to the big bird, Bash?
Meaning what?
It's degenerated into psychoanalysis of the bird.
Psychoanalysis?
Right.
Meaning what?
Meaning you wanted to just hear us ripping for four hours today?
That's what you said it was going to be.
Well, we didn't know he was coming here today.
We had asked.
He said he was going to shine.
He said he declined.
Oh, Neil, I had my friends come over.
A couple of them took off from work.
I laid out the chips and they were there.
Yeah.
Well, they're dipped this, okay?
Disappointed.
Disappointed.
Yeah, very disciplined.
Oh, well.
Another one of those sadist out there in Radio Land.
Here's a Boca mobile.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
First of all, I wanted to order some flowers.
I couldn't find the, uh, on my phone.
Okay.
So that could have all.
Gilbert will dial the number four.
Oh, it's nine, seven, six, flowers.
Okay, there you go.
I got to order my lunch.
Three, two, double cheese burgers and large fries.
Can we hear?
Yeah.
Double cheese burgers and large fries.
That's it.
That's it.
That'll do it.
Large diet, man.
Anyway, uh, brother was actually in your voice.
I do kind of miss you, but uh, that's it.
Oh, it's the lady still here.
Come on down.
You're the next contestant on WIOD.
Sixth Fed in Miami, Florida.
I think the guy behind me is listening to you guys all.
Excellent.
All right.
Cool.
Tell him to be, be, be sure to be listening.
Everybody.
Keep your horn if you're listening, sir.
No, he just give me the thumbs up.
I'll just give you a finger.
Okay.
There we go.
Everybody in line at Burger King is bokeh is listening.
Tom, do, uh, turn on their headlights.
Follow those on big backs.
Are they hopping the big max on those PLT?
I don't think we're going to get big mass wherever they are.
Okay.
Have a great life, sir.
I'm Gilbert says a good luck to you.
You'll need it.
Here's, uh, Kendall next.
Hello.
Hey, Glenn.
Yeah.
Now, what, what would it say for someone to be fired and go back and trying to fish on the air, uh, for their job?
What would, what would, what would that's not what I'm doing?
Let's say, Leigh-I-Coken went back to, uh, what I'm doing, sir.
We're back to Ford.
I mean, you're not listening to me.
I don't matter what I say.
That's not what I'm doing.
What are you doing?
I'm here so that this didn't become a one-sided kangaroo court and to present my side of the argument.
You mean that if you weren't there, it would become a one-sided kangaroo court who gives a damn about you, Glenn?
You're gone.
You think Ford puts out memos about Leigh-I-Coken?
You think they care about you?
Well, there is one.
It says it's throw them off the property if he shows up.
Well, uh, what do I speak?
Neil, you're from an upstate.
Yeah.
Can a day go?
Yeah.
Oh, excellent.
I heard that, uh, Zim was going to move the, uh, clubs over to Canada, with for spring training.
Excellent.
That would be terrific.
Like in February, that would be excellent.
They'd be really be ready to go.
Absolutely.
Okay, sir.
Have a good life.
143 at WIOD.
Here's a, uh, bird defense call from Miami.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Bird Jr.
Haven't called today.
Do you know this?
Yes, he's gone.
What?
Yeah.
Okay.
Good luck, you sir.
We couldn't agree with you more.
What's Palm Beach?
Hello.
Oh, these Palm Beach calls.
At least that's one thing that hasn't changed.
Tamarack.
Glenn?
Yeah.
Touch my monkey.
Okay, that must have been Bill Wise, calling it from, uh, D.T.R.
Right here from Bill.
I beg your pardon?
Been a while since I've heard from Bill.
Well, he's getting ready to go up to the, uh, country, uh, whatever it is.
He's going to be great.
That's his favorite.
You'll be right up his alley.
He loves countries.
Hollywood.
Yes.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, I'm so pleased I finally got you after two hours of trying.
Would you please get that surly bird off there?
I want to expect to see you, especially, and you.
And...
Wait a minute.
Let's run this by a minute.
Yeah.
And you were marvelous.
You were smiling, laughing with everybody.
You saw in my picture autographed.
I asked the bird to...
And you saw him on my break.
Oh, jeez.
You looked at me like I was.
Dirk and people were so...
Can I never looked at anybody like they were anything except what they were?
I beg your pardon, sir.
But you looked at me like I was a piece of dirt.
Oh, come on.
You were on your break and didn't have time.
Oh, jeez.
I...
If I said that, I said to you, I've got to do something.
And I'll be back in two minutes and I'll take care of it.
I would never say that to anybody.
Because he was there and he was most upset.
But he knew how much I wanted to get both of your autographs.
You know, these calls, these are set up.
No, they're not the same.
Oh, it's the stand.
It's a set up.
Yeah.
I feel just like Stan.
Well, you're sounding just like Stan, paranoid and psychotic.
What is it?
Hello.
How did you get on?
I'm the...
I'm the lady's husband.
Oh, I see.
Okay.
I thought I was losing my mind there for a second.
No, no.
You do that or she just had a hell of an operation.
You may remember me.
You what?
I'm about six foot four.
I'm the big guy you were talking about.
And I sort of made a way when you were at this game boulevard at specs.
So my wife could get through.
She got your picture and you were handing out those delicious chocolate cupboards and strawberries.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
She turned that down.
She got your picture.
You're working away.
You're signing things, et cetera.
You said to Anne, all the best.
She goes over to the bird and there's little pipsk meet.
That little teeny pipsk meet looks at her and says, I'm on my break.
I felt like breaking them.
You know, a broken beak or something.
I mean, he...
Sounds like a set up to Mason, eh?
Yeah, yeah.
Some set up.
I'd like to set you up, you little.
Never mind.
I never did.
I just...
That's ridiculous.
You never did.
That's ridiculous.
Come on.
How many people have you heard?
What are you deaf?
A deaf bird.
Get a job.
He never forgets and he never forgives her.
Just remember that.
Have a great day.
I got news for you.
Have a great life.
Yeah.
Thanks, dude.
Sit down here.
Why?
Be nice to my audience now.
You may need to think that one.
Not those two.
Well, they may turn.
147, a Doio D.
Have never tasted anything like the Greek D.
Okay, we got a couple of mobiles.
If they're still here in the Miami.
Yes?
Dale.
Yeah.
Dale, I went out of town this morning and I almost broke my neck trying to get back in time for some bird bashing.
And I was shocked to hear the bird on the air.
It is shocking, isn't it?
I was apoplecting.
There must be some sort of conspiracy or something.
Going on over there.
Yeah.
What?
Conspiracy for what?
Oh, a conspiracy to rehabilitate the bird.
Not in this building, there's not.
It's unbelievable.
I thought you had gotten rid of all the deadwood.
I mean, I was glad to hear Farco was gone and now this guy's back.
What's the story?
He's not back.
He's here for one day.
Oh, that's great because that cackle on the cart that you have is far superior.
You got a live bird?
Okay, sir.
Excellent.
Excellent call.
Miami.
Neil.
Yeah.
I'm a little miss.
You're a little miss?
Yeah, a little miss.
Are there any on the market?
I wanted to call you and talk about baseball and now the bird's there.
You talk about whatever you want to, sir.
Well, are you sure it's okay?
You can't see it.
He's in another room.
Are you sure?
What do you want?
I just want to talk about the cup and I tell you they really stink.
I think the royals are going to win the world series this year.
Okay, sir.
Well, it's obvious that you're on hallucinogens.
Call us back when you're straightened out.
Oh, here's a caller we've been waiting for for a long time.
Everything's fine.
Just find that.
I just mentioned this guy.
Bird Jr.
You're going to land on your feet.
Hey, have you called call her lately?
Not recently.
You dad.
Yeah, why is that, I wonder?
I wasn't invited to the birthday party.
Fascinating.
I don't know.
Were you there?
Couldn't make it.
Boy, great to hear from you again.
See you later, dad.
That's like old times.
Okay, actually, another one of your people.
Coral Gables, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
I couldn't pass up the chance to bash the bird.
I want to say, you listening, Grant?
Yeah.
And now, now, listen close, Bird.
You're a pathetic, whimpering atful,
and I really don't understand how you lasted as long as you did.
I really don't understand.
By the way, Bird, you have no personality.
No personality whatsoever.
But he was pretty good on the show, though, right?
You got to give him credit for taking this abuse.
You really do.
Okay, have a nice life.
Okay, 150 people.
One of your people.
Yeah.
Before we went out of time, now, we got the tape rolling.
We had the regular, I think, as we want to do the now.
You ready for it?
Yeah.
All right, now, just hold on.
Let me hear you.
All one.
All two.
All three.
Three.
Three.
Three.
Three.
Three.
Three.
Three.
Three.
Three.
Three.
Are they?
Neil.
You they are.
What a shock.
Yes.
I just wanted to say that I think Johnny Dart killed the bird.
I know it was going south.
It should kneel you were fed up with Johnny Dart and that killed him.
Is that it?
Well, I think the bird is a sour ass with an attitude.
Can I ask a question, sir?
Sure.
Who the hell is Johnny Dart?
I don't know.
Okay.
He's just a fukling.
Looking for free food.
Yeah.
Have a nice life.
Here's a mobile in Carl Springs.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Hey listen, I'm really sorry birds off the air.
Okay.
And I think you should pay him royalties every time you use his card tackling and I can't
believe birds.
You allow him to do that.
Why do you do that, birds?
By the way, I would like to say another one of these sour pushes out there.
Chronic.
Chronic sour pushes out.
That's okay.
That's okay.
You ain't too cool yourself.
You can't take criticism though.
No, I know.
I can't.
I can dish it out, but I can't take it.
That's why you listen every day of your life, sir.
You love it.
I do.
I love it.
You thrive on a good land.
We feed that neurosis in your life.
You slime ball.
What is it?
I wanted to say that that lie that was told on this program about me hiring an attorney
to try to stop you from playing my stuff is the biggest lie.
I wonder if that wasn't a lie that I manufactured.
That was okay.
I don't say you may know.
No, I don't want to say it's a lie.
I would never do something.
Melvin had an anonymous call.
I would probably this guy from Coral Springs.
Probably.
I wouldn't do anything like that.
And I couldn't anyway.
It's your stuff.
I would never even think about something.
Who would want it anyway, right?
Boy and B.
Hello.
Deal.
Yeah.
Who is this guy, Gilbert?
Hi, Don, buddy.
Was this father, Elmo's front?
What's that back?
It was his mother, father, Wala.
Let's go to a lady in Margie.
Hello.
I knew.
Hi, Glen.
How are you?
OK.
Uh, Neil, is it possible that Glen has an evil twin?
No.
OK.
Let me tell you why.
I was at Toyota.
I did not experience any of the things that these people
were saying.
Glen was charming.
Oh, be done.
Glen was nice.
Glen signed an autograph for me.
Yeah.
Well, I guess they all made it up then.
No, they didn't all make it up.
Maybe you would have.
Because I sat there and I watched it myself for several hours.
But there's no point in re-ashing it.
Because he's never going to face up to it, OK?
And his own mind, he didn't do it.
And that's it.
I understand what you're saying.
I also give him a lot of credit for showing up here today.
OK.
OK.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
OK.
Wonderful.
Coral Gables.
How you doing, Neil?
How's it going, Bird?
And how's it going?
Gilbert.
Fine.
Neil, I know you're showing time.
So I just have three quick things.
Yes.
Everyone, Neil, you're the greatest those Gilbert Bird.
We miss you.
We love you.
And number three, Richard Moore is a simple pathetic dish bag.
OK.
Good call, sir.
I like your technique there.
Now it's 158.
What the hell do you want?
What the hell do I want?
Yeah.
You're not supposed to be on the show, are you?
Well, you never can tell.
Things change.
Yeah.
I'm Rolpa.
Oh, it's a Miami film festival.
Are we on the air at this rate moment?
Yes.
Of course.
OK.
Here's the deal on behalf of the pseudo intellectual community.
I just wanted to call in and say we are deeply grateful
that the bird is off the air.
Oh, this is my good friend.
When I'll come on.
Come on, now.
Nice hearing from your bill.
No, no, come back.
Well, he's speechless.
And I got to be honest if I were him, I would be too.
I mean, even coming from you, God, feels like the whole
army here are the great here.
You're doing intellectual in the history of journalism.
It's true.
You mean it?
Neil, I have not seen you with the film festival
as a matter of fact.
I've been here for you every night.
Hold your breath, Billy.
Say hi to a little Kodo.
He's a great American.
He is a great American.
OK, time to get a green card.
Just a joke, Juan.
Just a joke.
See ya.
And the bird can get a life.
See ya.
Say goodbye.
OK, now, your verdict judge, what's
do we have 20 seconds?
I admit, I think the fight is a very nice guy.
And I enjoy it.
I think it's a wonderful person.
OK, it's the last time we're inviting Gilbert to be a member.
No, but I also enjoy Neil.
No, thanks.
I'm glad you guys are back.
And thanks for coming by, I guess.
I guess.
And well, listen, it was, it could have been worse.
You could have not eaten.
And thanks, of course, to Eric who just brightened up
everybody's day.
Eric's putting his clothes back on now.
And we've got the, and thanks to the people from Channel 6,
who are just goofing off for four hours.
I can't believe that they don't have anything else to cover.
And we got part of that studio audience in here already.
It's looking a little thin.
So far, we've got some other people.
Oh, geez.
Like I said, boy, you better get in here
real quick, because it's going to be overflowing
in Alex's desperate.
If you're even close to being a woman, OK, just come in
and be prepared to do anything and touch anything.
Have a wonderful day.
We'll see you tomorrow morning at 10 on 610 WIOD.
