New kids on the block have been sweeping the country
a creppant recording artist old farts in the Congo with their new smash album friends and animals
We've been driving throughout the other day
but we found out it got the book of our lives
so we found the crossing street
we walked across the road that a truck hit my wife when it squashed a like a crow
Old farts in the Congo
Catch the tour by the album before they expire
I told you once I told you twice
No MSC on my farts
They raised the price on polygrap so I'm sorry I can't leave a tab
First there were no kids on the block
Now old farts in the Congo
I tell you my wife says just
Old farts in the Congo
My the album friends and animals
And get your ticket for the first live at any wickety bastard ticket outlet
Another cup of door presentation
I hear you're a bastard
1018
I W I O D on a very amazing day, Thursday
For those who keep track
Wow, where do we start?
Can we take a couple of calls before I go into my big monologue?
Point and beach
Good morning
Yes, sir
I got to tell you in the other morning I'm just pissed
Yeah
First of all I just got through watching Don and you
Which brought me back to the fact of step and I listened to on w i o d last night on the news
Can I ask you a question?
Yeah
Where is Paul Harvey?
I don't know. Where is he when you need him?
Oh jeez
He's waiting to emotional
I'm listening to w i o d the news I don't know about six o'clock
Yeah
Thing about the
Da da da
Yeah
Okay
About the school board incident now
Yeah
And the reason he didn't get picked was because he was a black man
Are we going to go in?
Are we going to start this right out of the box?
No, sick of every time someone has got passed up or something that has become racial
Right, that's big county for you sir
When did you wake up and discover that?
Well, I've been I woke up years ago but no one no one says that anymore
Yeah, we'll wake up and sniff the pansies pal okay
Everyone I call up w news right now and have a real heavy duty discussion about it because it's your last chance
Excuse me
Twenty after ten at w i o d depend on it
Should we take a call from Miramar?
Don't forget by the way this Sunday big duans big happenings in Miramar
Far Rich is going to be there with bells on
And a what?
On a TV set to make sure he doesn't miss the beginning of the cold stoffens game
Anyway, this Sunday we're going to do our thing at the International Food and Fun Festival in Miramar at Perry Park
Noon to two admission is free
That's in southwest 68th Avenue and 34th Street in Miramar sponsored by the Miramar Pemberg Chamber of Commerce
Southern Bella and 610 w i o d you're almost a live station for the 90s, okay?
W i o d Georgia sprantic
Hello
Oh, is that the Palm Beach line?
Yes, ma'am
Okay, I'm going from Jupiter
The planet of the city
It's just a joke hold on a second, okay?
Okay, you're going to be okay?
Yeah, okay
All right, let's do another break because I want to get to some of these calls and I also will have a lot of comments to make
Because I was there the day the WNWS went on the air
Out of nowhere
Way back way back in 1978 in March of 78
Dick Casper, a genius in the broadcasting industry and they still haven't written anything about them either of our great newspapers
Man died a couple of months ago
Put about a half a dozen different successful formats on the year in the same market and other big formats and other major markets around the country didn't get one line
From our illustrious radio TV experts in this town and isn't it interesting my good friend Tom Jika who's going to be on with us next Tuesday all day
Is up in New York for the breeders cup at Belmont Saturday
So what does the Sun Sentinel have?
Nothing Zipini Duda
When Jika's away let the herald play that's what they say at the Sun Sentinel
Isn't it some kind of a town
Made your breaking stories
Wow, we don't know about that time's up in New York
He's plunging his guts out at OTB
It's 1022 at WIOD and will be right back
If you just joined us as a new listener, welcome to 610 WIOD
You're probably familiar with our excellent local news coverage
Skywatch 610 traffic reports and meteorologist Bob Soepers accurate weather forecasts
But at 610 WIOD you'll also find fun unpredictable personalities like
Micronary celebrating his 15th anniversary with WIOD
Neil Rogers, outrageous and unbelievable and Rick and Suds, crazy with a dash of dementia
Welcome to 610 WIOD
We're done
And as if we don't have enough traumatic stuff going on
And we also receive word through our rumor mongerline that WNN, the motivation station, the winners news network
Has told its staff that it's dissolving the current format current staffers now calling around the market looking for work
What a business, huh? What a business
And in that old bag that called a Dicken Duddy yesterday afternoon I want to make one thing perfectly clear
Okay, get the wax out of your ears lady
We feel for our fellow broadcasters in their time of need, don't we?
Huh? We don't? Yes we do
Because we're for the talent, down with management they suck up with the talent
Now Alice is okay, he's getting paid off to next July
He can have one 12 time between now and then
And Debbie, she can live off the fat of the land for a long time, man
Don't worry about her, she's not going to miss any meals and if she does nobody will notice
What am I getting all emotional about? Well, it's quite an emotional day and as far as Sandy is concerned what is there to say but
Stink or even desert and don't give her a magic
You're a dancer
All right, don't get emotional again, okay calm down
Well, there's so much to say we only got three and a half hours left to do it
Should we take that nice lady to call from Jupiter?
Hey, Neil
What happened on the lady that was on the phone? See, see what's going on on there? You didn't put another call on there, did you?
That's Mr. G, Big Al from Bocca
And he's got some old broad calling in there
You're not pulling us anymore, Big Al
Miramar
I got a sparring force in the front handler
Yes sir
Foxy, my name is Chris Leroy, Lazerino, he looks like a rhino
He was put, he was talking about Douglas and
Rhino Sandberg
Oh Chris Leroy, it says
Yeah
Anyway, he's talking about the fight tonight
What fight?
What fight, okay
And he says Douglas reduced the square necked wrecking machine to being the butt of jokes like I fall and I can't get up
You know that that woman was on this morning on the CBS Morning News, I forget what her name is Esther
Hello, Esther, I'm serious, the woman that's in the spot and she was lying on the floor
That's how he said it though
Unbelievable
He used your phrase, I fall and I can't get up
Well that's what Mr. Holyfield's going to be saying about the third round
Second round?
Yeah
Okay, thank you
And as far as boxing kids concerned it's disgusting and barbaric and grotesque and I hate it, what channels are going to be on?
Okay, we have an open line, I know where it is
Trust me
Papano
Hello Neil
Yes sir
I was just so excited after reading a newspaper about every NWS
Yeah
I had to call in and just see if I was right
Are you dancing on their grave?
Yes I am
What you wanted to be
C'mon you sir
Now listen baby
Can you see
Neil
Don't, don't get to play Rudy Frudy to the hours
Come on, would we do a disgusting thing like that today?
Would that be in good taste or what?
Oh great taste
That would be one of the most disgusting, one of the lowest, one of the cruelest things that anyone in this business could ever do
I love it
Go ahead
And don't forget now, now that these jokes will be out of work, isn't it your duty to invite them in for a free meal?
Yes sir
We're here to feed the unemployed
Can you imagine all the unemployed in this business, we have to rent a banquet hall
Firstly if Debbie came in we'd have to rent a gigantic banquet hall, we'd have to rent the orange bowl
At least, at least
Okay, well outside
They'll all come down on their feet sir except maybe Alice
Yeah and Jerry Wittner is going to be spending a record
Well actually they wanted to get rid of Wittner too but his wig is part of the lease for the building they got to keep it
So they figured he might as well have him along with it too
Have a great day sir
May the good snooze be yours
And if it sounds like some of us you see these guys in the afternoon my good friends a dick and dud
But now they're having a good time with this and I'm glad I gave them a whole show yesterday and again the day and tomorrow
But the bottom line is you have to really have been on the inside
Now I never worked thank god for Jefferson pilot broadcasting
But that station was put on the air by a guy named Woody Sudburying, Sudbury Broadcasting
Not a great broadcaster to say the best
But smart enough to hire a guy named Dick Casper used to be WFFUN, fun radio, big rock station back in the 50s and 60s
Then they started dying they had a bad signal problem, lousy engineers and the no audience and you could barely hear them and they were you know an AM rock radio went dead anyway
So they bought the station, shut it dead, deader than a door nail which they were supposed to do at WS News by the way until we let the cats out of the bag
And they shut it down for a month, they change the call letters from WFUN
What is this? What is this about?
The clap lady?
Oh excuse me, she's gonna be on with Steve a week from Monday
But anyway and then we came on like in late March I think it was of 78 they hired me from KAT, they hired Stan Major, Mickey Dane, Jerry Wittster
And it was all news until late o'clock at night which was we had the Prescott Robinson and Jack McCoy and Steve Daley
And John Charles Daley and Arlene Frances and Bennett Sir and Dorothy Kill-Gallon
Well my memory is getting bad and then at 8 o'clock I was on 8 o'clock at midnight and Wichner was on midnight till 5am when the late Charlie campus was over there and Dick Casper
The late grade
And the only numbers we started getting were at night 8 to midnight to 5 started getting to be pretty decent
And then all of a sudden after about a year of puking with 0.1s and 0.3s trying to be WINZ with news
All of a sudden book comes out I got a 10-5 share at night and Wichner's got like an 80 billion share
And so yours truly the fat man in his chair I went to lunch with Dick Casper several clandestine lunches
And I said you're spinning your wheels, you're wasting your time, let's go all talk
Let's put Alice Rantell on full time in the midday and he said what I said yeah do it
And so we did news in the morning with Prescott Robinson and Steve Daley
We had Alice on from 10 to 2 stand major on I think at that time he was doing like 2 to 4
And then we did news from 4 to 6 and he came back and did 6 to 8 split shift I think
And then I was on 8 to midnight Wichner overnight and all of a sudden boom through the roof
And we went through a few years and Jerry Williams came along from WC working at the time
Somewhere in Boston not the BZ from wherever he was and Jerry Williams came down
And just had a we had like a 6 4 book in the spring in the fall was it in the fall of 81 I think
Well whatever it was gigantic then Jerry left him went back to Boston because he couldn't stand it here
And he was getting like practically he got mugged and practically murdered the night he was leaving town
I went over to INZ the station was bought by a man named Neil Rockoff
Rockoff what kind of a name is that?
Bizarre guy started destroying it
Meanwhile Jefferson pilot buys old WGBS
Remember Arnie Warren and Amos?
Every now and then you see Arnie doing some spot on TV still poil wonderful time with that same phony crappy voice
And they buy WGBS to make a big talk station to compete with WS News at I.N.Z. 3 in the same market they bring in David Gold
Lee Fowler and embarrassing assortment of right wing douchebags plus Bev Smith
And who else was on there?
Barry Moses name?
Barry something he's on Phoenix
Well whatever they in no time at all they had like point three's and point five's destroyed
And at that time WGBS had the best daytime signal of any AM station in this market
710 on the dial destroyed it ruined it
Throw it into the ground and competent with Dennis Collins and general manager and Lee Fowler as the operations mangler and embarrassment
So what did they do?
They sell the 710 frequency to radio mom B
What are the callers W.A.Q.I. radio mom B?
No speak at the English
From Neil Rockoff the 790 Fawft the 790 frequency W.A.W.S. and they moved their talk operation over there
And they keep some of the old guys like Rantel and I think Shirley Peters at the time and whoever else and they move in Fowler
And a couple of other losers and keep wichin around at night
And all of a sudden it starts getting older
And older
And they got like all the old chronic talk callers and topics that have just like migrated to that spot on the dial and that part of this community
And they're giving away like Fel Dean
And what was the other stuff they were giving away those pills fiber one?
I mean they made it into a geriatric station
And then all of a sudden they're saying, well I'd see we can't sell it businesses bad
What's wrong with a geriatric station?
What's wrong is that nobody wants to buy a station where the entire audience or the walking dead
They'd like to have at least a little balance
At least a few people were still alive
Just one or two would be a good start
And so here we are
On this momentous day
October I'm a shooted to do this tomorrow
I'm wasting all of this and I want me to do it tomorrow
I'll repeat it
We'll just play the tape
And I'll sit around and gloat
And it has nothing to do with the individual personalities over there as much crap as we like to give them
Because that's all Shobas, okay?
Some of those people I don't even know
Market's done 21 points
But the bottom line is as far as that upper level management is concerned
And Jefferson pilot broadcasting even the sisters cringe when they think about them, okay?
They have now taken two of the major AM frequencies in this market and destroyed them
Had a cell one to bail out of that one
And now they're putting on the music of your life
Are you on AM?
It's like going back to the days of MLR, middle of the road
History
And of course we know they'll get some real good demographics with that, right?
Uh-huh
What the hell are they thinking about?
I think they want the parents of the people they have listening now to start tuning in
They'll have to bring them in bus loads from St. Petersburg and St. Augustine
Uh-huh
You know the ones that will it Scott says hello to under the day show every morning or over the age of 190
And shows the pictures of these rink-al-up prunes
Oh, here's a good looking guy up in the Skigen Michigan
Yeah
So get out the Polident and the Feldeen and the Metamusel and the Melox
Because we're going to put all his crap aside
We're going to start getting real serious on this station
You know what I'm saying?
I guess
1037 at WIOD
We'll be back with the uh-haired doctor right after this
Hi, Louie
1040 at WIOD
What a day
Motivation station history
Talk on WS News
And what are what the callers are going to be?
Anyway, the original game plan was going to be that Alice and Debbie and Sandy and Jerry were going to come on
He wasn't there this morning, was he?
Was he on?
I didn't hear him
I was weak probably didn't come in in time
But anyway, they were going to be on tomorrow afternoon from 430 to 5 and did farewell
And then the station was going to go dark
They were doing the Johnny Dark format for a week
And then a week from Monday, we're going to come back in their new format with their new call letters
Markets down 14 and a half points
But I guess because I'll be honest with you
You know Dennis Collins likes to blame me
Don't blame me like that stuff that came into mail the other day
Remember all those messages from Don Curran's phone message book?
What the hell have I got to do with that? It comes in an envelope from them in the mail
Like with a regular stamp
They got more leaks than a sieve, they got more leaks than the Titanic over there
And when the stuff comes out after all we are here to inform and entertain
But inform that's the bottom line
When we get information, we know it's the MS
We're delighted, we're ecstatic
To be the first ones to share it with our wonderful audience
Miami
How are you doing Neil?
Great
I was calling about that promo
Your IOD promo sounds like the Coast number two
Ah-ha, welcome to WI-SEAT
It's the wrong voice out there, it should be a much friendlier old voice
Like maybe the Dean would be good to record that
I mean it's like you have your own identity and it's the Coast, it's the West Coast now
I mean next thing you know you're going to play the same type of music
I don't know
I wanna be favorite
Hey they startle this dream
Yeah
Well that's the boy Geary Syndrome sir, what can I tell you?
Yeah well that's another thing about management huh?
See first of all let me explain this to you
All the people who were listening over there who fly over here and have a sense of humor
Which I don't think will be too many and stick around, that's great, we welcome everybody
But the idea that suddenly all those geriatrics who were over there
How can I try to talk about the same old tired things to hear the sound of their voice
And using it as a babysitting service
The idea that that's going to be our audience God forbid
Really and that's exactly what they're implying with that
Yeah
Welcome to IOD
You're a bastard
Yeah
Well anyway that's why the reason I called down
Have no fear sir, this two shall pass
Okay
Okay
Have a good day
Consider the source
1043
At IOD we have an open line in data
I guess we should share with our new listeners those calling numbers because we want to give everybody an opportunity today to voice their opinion
This is America even in Broward County
Even if sheriff, you read the thing in the Sunsendless morning Sheriff Nick is very hurt
Can't understand why everybody's up at arms and they're all again him
I'm driving home yesterday, I'm on Flamingo Road and here's this pig on a, what is it?
No, wouldn't fit not today
Here's this pig on a bike
And he's following me all the way from 595 up to sunrise
Following me
And I'm going to speed limits 45 and I'm going 47, 48
And I just keep coasting right along if I can say that with apologies to Wendy Bennett
coasting along
At 47 or 48
And he follows me all the way up to the intersection I mean just incredible
You're not fooling me Sheriff Nick okay?
In fact, it's nice having little police kind of boy home, little police protection on the way home every day
No problem at all okay? I'm driving real slow
Didn't we just do Miami on two? Didn't we just do that? For my losing my mind
Mobile on the star line
Neil
Official dairy atrophy port from the snooze
Uh huh
Wait to hear this of course I'm coming up today so I had a little radio accident
Because the radio just tends to go in its own direction when I'm heading down here
And it goes over to snooze and they're all down there and they're climbing about where we're leaving the body
Can I, can I, can I, can I, I know, to that look in action
Oh, we're going to get disconnected
We did
So they're all eating on the air they're eating on the air so one of them says oh
We can't eat on the air so what is Andy? What are they going to do fire us?
Is that great or what?
Unbelievable
I knew you'd love it
Well you know what they say about Sandy around here don't you?
What do they say?
She'll love it in Vegas
I just want to know what's going to happen to all my self-needs now
Oh they'll be, they'll be booming in zoom and now that we're the only ones that talk about Felty
Now that we get them all over here we'll promote the hell out of it for you
Oh right, way to go
Business will be booming
It'll be a moving experience
Exactly
Have a great life
You can see it
Wow
Is the audience ready for this or what?
1045 at WIOD we have an open line now I was starting to give those numbers and I got sidetracked
We have an open line in the two of men's date county look at that 751 9463 751 old
Rowered 524 WIOD and won in Palm Beach 655 KT is God
Got a good sense of humor there I guess
655 WIOD
Those are the numbers right them down here we're finished we got unicorn coming in just a little bit
We had a little appetizer from publics this morning for which we thanked them profusely
Our good friends in publics my good friends at Navhilan Cleary with the world's greatest publics
Although I do see a sign they're building a super public store up over there across from the
Soilgrass mills outlet mall
Boy what a life huh what the hell more could you want?
You got a tobacco shop schmottaro and your super publics you got everything you want right?
So anyway right down those numbers we want all you new listeners to be calling in every day
And voicing your opinions on the topics that they're really concerned you like the notch
By lingualism and casino gambling
Now we're talking now we got a good start maybe once in a while we'll get Margaret Kent
How to grab a hold of the man of your choice one of Alice's favorites
Maybe we'll have he's I can't make a bit out of this because I don't know any of their guests anymore
I know all of Steve's guest you know who they're going to be on FTL
I'm waiting for that day that he has Al Rantel Debbie Ellis and Ellis Rubin on together
Ellis Alice and Ellis is that going to be great and Ron Ellis of the Maple Leafs huh?
Ellis Ellis Ellis and Ellis and Emmis
What the hell are you talking about wow you got to understand it's just a pressure business pressure business 1047
Now you see it says you put her on there again WIOD
I'm on mail yeah
Member Bev Smith
I already mentioned Bev Smith's move on to the next day
How about Bob and Dudley?
Yeah how about Mike Siegel?
How about Francina Thomas?
How about Mike Spindell?
How about Thomas Likus?
How about Spencer Ross?
Poor Bobby Grove
1048
At WIOD is your car important what do you care if a thief stole it and stripped of his best parts?
Sticking you with a repair mess weeks later?
Well a car that's not 14 and a half points everything's going to be okay
Okay? Okay where's Dennis James when we need him?
Dear Field
Hi Neil I wanted to confirm a rumor
I hear that the airlines are booking extra flights into Miami from radio sales people all over the country are excited
They can't believe AM Music
Is that true?
Uh huh
Can you imagine could you would you be excited could you try and sell AM Music to any of your advertisers?
Uh huh
Especially music
What's the name of the music?
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
Hey I'm a fan of music
I'm saying there's a lot of want to dance
Nice, it's not easy
Thanks, but thanks
Because I didn't have my first album
And if you want to challenge me
Like you're on vacation
But I'm time, oh, and pushing just as hard as it can
And once they are seated, they get overheated
As that stuff in the rolls and sweet and low in their beds
And they see, oh, waiting away again and go to the heart
Looking for that long lost power of you
And how did it say that it's the full of truth
It's a day, but for some, an enemy in the blues
Your folks don't know the reason why nothing is reason
The muscles ache and the teeth just don't fit
But what doesn't matter when they call up me and shout out
I hate you, you never listen to your show
Waiting away again and go to the heart of the dude
Just to find the metham's and the radio
And how did it claim that it's the top hopes to play
But you know, they can't wait for your show
Even Cheryl's mom looks so
She's in mourning
1055 and WIODA
And a very solemn day in the radio business here in South Florida
And a very solemn day in the radio business here in South Florida
And a very solemn day in the radio business here in South Florida
Yeah, and if it sounds like we're not as sorry as we should be
Guess what, Dennis? We're not
Did they make any effort? Did they try to do something less geriatric?
Did they make any effort to attract a younger audience?
No, they kept encouraging the same geriatric old repetitive monotonous boring listeners
With the same old repetitive geriatric guests and topics
And they drove it like with a stake through Dracula's heart right into the ground, into the grave
So are we supposed to sit here? Oh gee, it's too bad that topical talk is dying
Yeah, well maybe if those stations that wanted to do it didn't end the way that was a little more interesting
And less geriatric
And stop discussing the same four things all over again like Sandy with her stinking bilingual as many illegal aliens by God
If she ever fought it between that and casino gambling, that's it
You could start out by talking about the pigmies on the moon and within 30 minutes
She'd be talking about the fact they don't speak English
Miami, Buenos dias
Neil! Yes sir
They're not only playing Beatles and other music that's terrible but they're, uh, they're only playing one side of the stereo
Like the left side? Well, what do you expect on AM mono sir?
AM mono is one thing
Yeah, I think somebody over there's got mono is what the problem is
You know what I'm saying? Yeah, and Jerry said he's saying
Yeah, Jerry's saying, you know, while the wig is in the context
Well, back from WQAM day
Actually, they have the transmitter hooked up to his piece, that's why they got to keep it going
Well, he hasn't been out of a job since 1951 he said
That's right
Well, actually they did want him out and he had his breed case there when Dennis made the offer
And he reached in and pulled out that beautiful silver shiny 357 Magnum
You know what I'm saying?
Yes, I do that
Kind of like Clint Eastwood Jr.
Hey Yahoo!
Who ya?
Back on you
1058 at WIOD
Now wait till Jerry had to, they already know me and they hate me like poison anyway
But wait till that Jerry after guardians is introduced to my dear friends Rick and the suds
From 2 to 6 this afternoon
Couple of the finest goyam you'll ever meet
Excuse me
1058 here's a payphone in Deerfield
Hey, this is Glenn Deerfield
How you doing Glenn?
Alright man, that was boring that last segment, whatever that card was
Stop, kill me
Boring
That's what this town is all about sir, that's why it was boring
You know it, I don't know how to do it
This was a reflection of this community
I couldn't agree with you more in your list
Did you see Sally mid-s last night?
I don't watch Sally mids after Pieda
I thought her head was spinning a million miles
My said vibrates when I turn on panels so
They had this segment they called to death to us part
It was about battered women, it was unbelievable
And she comes on and says listen
She says don't let your children watch this next segment
And they let on into it and I mean they were shown pictures of women
It was unbelievable, her head was just popping and spinning and it was unbelievable
What's Susan day on there?
Boy that was really, I didn't want to go down for
Dave and showed some like women's breasts all beat up and stuff
It was unbelievable
Oh I bet you like that
No, not me sir
I sure
Listen, whatever you say Glenn
I love the way you ripped the management there
I know why now I had a friend
I won't mention his name, he worked in the newsroom, Shane Thomas
But he was canned
Yeah, unbelievable
Another one that got screwed by the upper and middle level management jerk balls in radio
Maybe if he had dressed up once in a while and stayed coming up like a slime ball he'd still be here
Let me tell you about that one time you were mentioned with Elaine Antt or is down in Key West
And that thing happened to her, you know, you talked all about it
Well, you know, he was called in on that Monday real early
Like two hours before he was scheduled to come in
That's right
That's why I looked at him
Don't nail the zazz boy
I don't know where you Jose
See ya
Thank you
What is he talking about?
Anyway Henry says enough of this nonsense, we got the really important news coming up
And if anybody can do the important news he can do it
Henry Barrow ladies and gentlemen the legend is on mine a man who does the news from the floor
And we'll be back with more at 1105
Now please
I'm here in the locker room of the San Francisco 49ers
Pulse is many of these players are fresh from the shower and appear to be pretty much buck naked
Joe Montana of course is quiet in his hands underwear as required by his endorsement deal
Isn't that right Joe?
That's correct Barbara
You know Joe I realize you're the world's premier quarterback and everything
But obviously you have the makings of a fabulous tight end
I beg your pardon?
Joe, how do you feel about women reporters?
What actually by Brad's I'm quite comfortable you know they've all been thoroughly professional
I have no problem talking to women in the locker room
Are you sure that this is the locker room?
It looks more to me like the equipment room
Yes, yeah
Tell me Joe
If I made a pass at you, would there be a pass completion?
Well actually Barbara my wife
Oh well here come the guys now
And if you tell us want to make a play come on now
No penalty for a week or use the pants
I'll be the offense
Yeah you'll face if I run me
Hi Bonnie
Hi Jerry, we're putting the shower with the hot legs
Oh you look good
You look great back off with your eyes
Don't forget to say I have no two to six dick and dud
News for Ronda Planet also
They are requesting audience participation in the WS News funeral procession
To be out Friday afternoon at four o'clock
It begins with a wake in the parking lot proceeds to WS News with hers
listeners and well wishes
And also tonight Hurricane Hotline with Sunny and Joe at 6.05
Tonight join Joe in the studio and Jeff DeForest
Live from the Rathison for round by round cut in coverage
Of the Evander Holyfield Buster Douglass fight
That's what it says here Douglass
And then Randy Martun in between all of that matchmakers
And the editor of single living magazine as they will be matching couples tonight
On the unforgivable Randy Martins show
Oh my, bring back Alex Bennett for God's sake
Do yourself a favor will you pal?
Oh!
Couldn't hurt
It's 11.08 WIOD here's a mobile from Avon Chura on our famous starline
Our famous starline, listen
Yom Liesning
You listening?
Yes sir
I heard that news conference this morning and Sandy said
That this market is losing major talent
And then she paused for 10 seconds
You mean the motivation statement going on?
Yes she said she paused and she said
What do I mean major talent if we're out of jobs that could we be major talent?
Yeah right on Sandy
Is that unbelievable?
That's a point
And they have a dinner tonight by the way in Morrison's in Holland Dale the Memorial dinner
But I understand that some of them are going out and participating in the G-walking Olympics in 130
So it may not be all that
Listen I want to tell you if Debbie shows up in Morrison's
Everybody else can stay home
Well she will take the whole camp there you know
She's the only one that takes 42 trays when she goes online
Is it true Jerry which there's going to play music at night there? Is that true?
Yeah
I don't believe it
It's good to sleep by
Yeah
Now listen have a nice day and take care of yourself
Don't abuse yourself
Good Lord Willow
Yeah what I said because Jay Skyler won't like it
See ya
Take care
We're eating healthy today we got the unicorn coming around noon
Fat Rich is here to butcher up and eat real healthy about 20-30 pounds of it
I hope he brings that the rice with mushroom sauce, brown rice with mushroom sauce that I mentioned yesterday is a little hint
You're going to start eating healthy Rich cut the crap that's all I can turn in
Where's my tickets for that Phoenix game?
That's creative like we're storing
We're going to talk up every one of the Beatles records that's ever been recorded
Okay from now until midnight next sook is how do you like that?
See it's one thing to play on anybody can do that but to talk them all up and to hit everyone
Man
Would that be great or what?
You want to hear a great talk up even Ricky Tiki would be impressed by this one
He's a real
Okay
10 past 11 at WIO
Do you want a great lunch right now you are just starving you're dying over there and you want to go on for an empty
There two Miami cops with a hot newbie there on the street fighting crime
They pop and they can't face there
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
If Helen Dale buys
We get a problem the creaking is a terrible craze
We're 10 it isn't that the group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early bird special after seven
Yeah they're back in town
Let's go get them
Do you stop it nothing and clean up the street
Hey lady you can't cross here you'll have to cross the line
And they determine the clean up the smuggling business
Alright just stare you're under arrest
Oh so now you're arresting my wife watch the charge
Session of powder
I'm gonna have first time to see that wife stuff
Yeah just a thought she got over a hundred bags in here
Oh what?
Sweet and low from that restaurant she just came out of
What's that come in?
Yeah there can look in Miami cops on a hot newbie
In Helen Dale's vise
We're being disvolved on MBC
It's 1115 at W. Wildy don't forget we're doing those cut-ins tonight starting at 1045
Round by round coverage like a blanket of the Holyfield Douglas fight with Joseph Gackey and
Jeff the forest wow that could be exciting or what
And also of course that's gonna be all into the Larry King sure are we gonna cut in on Larry King
I hope we don't cut out his incredible comments he's gonna have about the changes at W. Snow
Things change in broadcasting
Right 1115 at W. I. Old D and let's go to Fort Lauderdale
Deal
Yes ma'am
I had a radio accident this morning
In between the tears
Let me guess
Yeah
Alice called Debbie he felt like Dorothy in the Wizard of Oz
Oh no
Oh my god
I had a run for the tissue box Neil it was so emotional
That is
I'm pretty pretty and I'm standing in the front row
It's you know the song's best in the dark and the singing on the false band
Okay I get emotional like you do
Very sad Neil
Wasn't it?
Traumatic
I couldn't stop the tears from flowing
God
And I love that BS that Dennis Collins comes on with their at 10 o'clock wasn't that the
Did you hear that part?
Which part was that?
When he came on right at 10 and went through this whole thing about our loyal audience and we know you're there and that's the good news
And the bad news is there aren't enough of you and we have to make a tough business decision
In other words you say we're losing our ass we got this geriatric old audience that no sponsors will buy
And we got it and of course we're going to do something something smart by putting on this geriatric old music that nobody will listen to
And nobody will buy again because we're dumb
That's what he said
Okay Neil
A music intensive geriatric piggy Lee and Johnny mattress
I don't understand
Oh I'm John, I'm John, I'm Mel Tormey, the gay gourmet
I mean what are we talking about?
I don't know, who listens to music on A and Neil?
Nobody unless that's all they got, unless they're tone deaf
You're not changing anything I hope with your new listeners
That's what you think, just wait till I guess next week
I kneel
I've waned Daya to say I'm dying over here
The doctor?
Uh huh
Every day a different doctor
That's wonderful
Uh huh
I wish you were one of those
And we have the Fel Dean ladies going to have her own show
I want a full meal
It's called hold on to what you all got
I wish you're not a full meal
Because it's in the bag
See in soon
Adios
It's 1118 at WI-O-D
Oh well listen what can I say
Okay, we're not supposed to sound happy
Because there's some real talents out of work today
Of course none of them were working over there
It's just a joke
Don't take it personally, Alice and B
Okay's getting paid off to lecture live
A lot of us only wish
We got into these deals where we get paid off the rest of a nice juicy contract for 475 an hour
Let's try Miami, shall we?
When is this?
Good morning, Neil
What do you think about bilingualism, Sir Archus, is it kinda of it?
Uh if you hit the AM dial
I think we're the last gringo station
Yeah
Let's get Sandy over here to talk about bilingualism, dammit
Gringo, were you the only gringo station left on the dial, man?
Yeah, hold
That's it
Listen, I love you
You got it
Your Arnold's commercial
By the way, his way is Chuck Myers' birthday really on November 5th
With somebody find out, I don't think that's true
Somebody gave me some
I know Cheryl's birthday is on November 5th
And my birthday wouldn't be something if we had three people on the same stiff staff
All of the birthday on the same day
Incredible
Wow
Listen, I love your Arnold's commercial
The people off the street, you said, they will enjoy the little burgers
Yeah, those little burgers
This street people
Right
On November 4th, I have an official, quote, official, official
Tom-like-inspire report from LA
Yeah
Just cut back about two years
Oh, oh, an honest, a W-K-F-I-A-M-640-A-M radio station
We don't care about K-F-I because we own it and the sister station is the coast and billen about $80 billion
And making lots of money with that slush and we love it
Do you really own K-F-I?
Is this a straight line?
Well, I wouldn't say I own it, the sister's own it, how's that?
Well, part of the show we say parent corporation
The Shvestors, yeah
Mr. Tom-like-inspire is on W-K-F-I from the street
It's not W-K-F-I, it's west of the mid-pacific, sir
And I couldn't even get on the line, because as soon as the guy found out I was from Miami hung up on me
Why?
Honest engine
Well, what did you want to call him about?
Just to say hi Tom
Here it is, a live spy report from Miami
He doesn't care, what are the people in LA care about the W-S-News in Miami?
That's a fact Jack
I have no life, that is a fact Jack, there is no way we were going to get on the air soon as I said a report from Miami, the guy didn't want to hear it here
And you know what, if George would have been smart, he'd done the same thing
Twenty after eleven at W-I-O-D we have an open line in D, now let's give these numbers slowly and clearly because I know that at least listening to those promos were running today those insipid idiotic promos
We have just got billions, now it's going to take them a while because they have to crank that dial from 790 to 610
And that's going to take a little while because most of them are in the prone position and they can't get it up
But sooner or later when they finally lock it in we want to make sure that they have those numbers we want to give them a goal
W-I-O-D George is on the bat line
Yes, this is, I'm calling from Miami I'd like to talk to you
Okay hold on sir, okay sir
Yes, okay, like I said 21 past eleven at W-I-O-D now the fun returns okay
Now we're going to get the meat and potatoes of the talk business back again right?
Is the dipty about a bitty in my city not as old as that but you sure it's pretty old
I tell you it's quite a bit deep, let's been on a low none, so just a tip
She's not texting it's the true set up, walking by the door in her brand new get up
She's ripped she falls she tries to go
I fall and I can't get up, I fall and I can't get up
Yo man didn't ask you in one time
I'm in a chair, you know I was, yo yo yo yo me in the crew used to polo that blew her
And now she's not allowed to dance, they drove her away in an ambulance
Make it get to my shoes, make a big fuss
I fall and I can't get up
I fall and I can't get up
Just keep in mind that it says old right-wing red necks so you still listen to W-Snow
Those are the ones who vote in people like Nick Novaro year after year, decade after decade
Just keep that in mind, okay?
And now Mayor Crotch Cox says oh we wouldn't mind seeing all those students come back?
Yeah, now that you're dying on the vine, you Yahoo, get a haircut
It's 1126 at W-I-O-D, Boynton Beach
Meadow! Yes sir
They're dropping their flies
They're dropping their fly
They're dropping like flies
Is the true Stan Major is coming back?
No
Just news?
No
I am radio
No
I heard he liked that
No
You know it's gonna benefit from this
I'm listening
Randy Martun
Yeah
Let's go to a fort-laughter day
Let's say it isn't so
Okay, just calm down, calm down, relax, Benny will be okay
No more hell
Oh Benny just relax, I'll pick you up for a little early bird
We'll have some potato pull together and wash it down with some matsu ball soup, it'll be okay
Just say it isn't so
Hold on a second, when that collar gets their composure back, we'll put them back on
We have an open line in Palm Beach, 655, Ancient
655, Radio Death
Oh jeez
This is unbelievable
I'm looking through you
Where did you go?
I thought I knew you
What did I know?
And we have an open line in Broward, 524, WIOD
We know you're out there, come on
Get it out of your system now, don't wait till us after the colonel's strangers, call right now
I know you hate me like poison
We know the ones we want to hear from
Come on Esther
Esther was on CBS Morning News this morning and I'm not making that up
That's the I've fallen and I can't get up lady
And it was interesting because they kept talking about the fact that this line has caught on all over the country
But they never pointed out how
That people laugh and hold their sides and fall down and can't get up from thinking about it
They somehow didn't want to break the news to Esther
For a long time
Oh that's right, he's still there
Mobile in Miami
Dennis, come on
Dennis, say to a station where they're listening, okay where there's an audience and they're still alive
Come on, you can do it
Dennis, check it out at the last second, I can't believe it
Open line on a starline, star IOD for our Bell South Mability friend, that singular, Kendall
I am very depressed
Okay, here we go
And I need your help
Okay
I'm sitting here drinking my coffee out of my W News mug
And I am in morning
Well, it still is morning
Maybe a little music would make you feel better
That's cool, let's stop being cool, let's have some feelings
Let's stop being so callous to Alice
Neil
Yes
I'm going through serious withdrawal
What am I going to do?
We're not going to be able to hear Sam anymore
This is really
Or Lou Feynman
Or all those other chronic regulars that have been like part and parcel of talk radio in this town since before Muthusla was born
Since before Elaine Ether's boyfriend was even an idea
Well, I can't believe it really happened
I first heard about it from you
And I didn't believe you
Why not?
You didn't believe me, the voice of radio reason?
This is disgusting
It's grotesque, what the hell are we going to do?
What is the Sandy Payton audience going to do between two and six?
Oh, boy, they'll probably have to listen to Steve on FTL
I'll have to all drive up to Fort Lauderdale and sit under the tower
I have a little early bird out on the highway
I'm dying on the air
You got to promise me something
It's like don't have my radio station anymore
Please, don't talk so much sports
Read us a couple of headlines from the newspaper
I'm dying on the air
Come on Neil, you know what I'm saying
Here's the head, I'll wait a minute
Immediate response, here's a headline from the South Florida section of the Miami Hero this morning
It says, sources, WNWI has to drop talk
There's a headline
That's it, just put some more salt on the wounds
Okay
You know who this is, Neil
Who is it?
Yes
Who is it?
I talked to you yesterday
Debbie?
No
Sandy?
You got it
You don't even sound the same, you sound like your whole life is like this
I know, you're right
Well, Gerald still will be there, old amusing, Gerald
I'm serious, I stayed up all night
When the minute they went to the Beatles, I knew
Who's got Sammy Smith and help us make it, help me make it through the night
That's the one we want
We got to have Sammy Smith help me make it through the night
You don't have it?
No, we don't
Who's got that record?
We wanted immediately if not sooner
I'm telling you
We don't have it?
They're not playing it on the coast
No wonder they don't have a 10-year yet
Come on, help me make it through the night by Sammy Smith
Somebody in his, somebody over its specs, Joe or somebody we know has got that record
We wanted on our air before 2 o'clock today or else
Well, I hope it's their old audience
Johnny dark, Johnny dark if you're listening
Get on your horse and ride in here from a plantation, get it down here now
I hope that old audience starts calling you Neil, I really do
That old audience was that little play on words or just a toy and slip
No, I didn't mean it in old sense
His president Bush would say, read my slip
Hey, I'm not a geriatrics
I'm not, I'm not a fel being
But I'm gonna be fine
And you don't even have your teeth in a glass, do you?
I need something today, that's for sure
You do need something, well maybe your WhatsApp name will stop by and give it a little something
Serious trauma
Okay, now if we get help me make it through the night on that'll really do it for a moment
Help me make it through this week, Neil, please I'm counting on you
Okay, please
Yeah, bye
Why, boy
Are you okay?
I get this is soo
Okay, hold on man, just a basket case
Woo
And Broward
This town is never gonna be the same again
Where's Paul Harvey?
Where's the rest of my story on me?
Where is he? You took him away again
They don't give a damn about Alice or about Sandy or Debbie or Jerry
All they wanna know is where's the more Harvey?
That wonderful right wing douchebag
Oh, excuse me, we don't say that anymore douchebag
It's 11th or, now listen, it's time for us to clean up our act
It's dark and a little more sophisticated, a little more topical, a little more worldly
And solve the problems of the world, we got a financial crisis, the price of oil is going through the roof
The gas stations are ripping us off, the Arabs are going nuts
The Israelis and the Palestinians are killing each other like flies
The President's a wimp, we can't even get that budget sooner
And they're trying to stall until after the damn election
We don't know what's up and what's down, we're having a recession
Things are not good
And we gotta talk about all those things and we will starting at two o'clock this afternoon
It's 11th or 13th, at WIOD, we have an open line in Palm Beach County at 655 WIOD
You don't look different but you have to
That's 655
I'm looking through the hills
Nine
Four, six, three
You know that thing with the Beatles music, that is so old
How many stations have done that? It's been done like a million times, every time a station is going to go off the air or change form or do something dramatic
They threw on like 80 hours of Beatles music and you think you're listening to Zeta, you think it's the weekend, you know?
Although I will say this, even though it sounded kind of muted and mushy, kind of like this
Pete Boulder, can you learn a lot from that mix of Beatles music, they played this morning, not bad
Sure beats the hell out of that crappy place on the weekend on Zeta, God talking about stations that are dying over there
How you doing Pete?
I'm dying over here
It's 11-33-27 till noon at your prestigious news information sports talk and the stuff station 6-10
WIOD, we will not talk sports ever again on the show, how about that fight tonight?
The thing is believing and you
I thought my career was through but then right out of the blue
My new album is no one to do
I guess my career is through
I'm making more money
My small numbering your honey
Even more than John Lennon's honey
But not more than Paul
You know, don't think of this song
You know, it's not too long
It's such a recessive song
You see what you see what you see what you see what you see what I see
I caught my career was through
I kept it with my crew
You said to see this don't you
So now my career is through
I had some career roles
But I don't have bring those no
I guess I can't complain
My song drives me insane
You wish my career was through
You're wishing this song was still
It's nothing but strong proof
I have a real low IQ
Low IQ
Low IQ
Low IQ
Low IQ
My career was through
We got it all today or what?
Just tell me what your problem is
Wasn't him, was it him?
Why would he hang up?
George unbelievable
1138 at WID's there
He's on the line
It's the real Steve Kane
I have a phone to pick with you
I'm driving in my car
Listening to an eloquent history delivered by yourself
I left you out
Well, it was a Freudian slip
I thought they gave instructions you can't breathe my name or something
Didn't, wasn't I the first one to tell everybody you're going to be on WFTL
To the 6th starting a week from Monday?
I got to admit it
Didn't I tell everybody that I'm calling to tell you?
I'm calling to tell you it's the truth
And so help me God
If Rick Ciderman is on your show the first day I'm going to barf on the air for four hours as a leading
Now Rick will be on the second day
You mentioned Mike Spindell
You mentioned every also ran loser that ever worked at that station
And you didn't mention one of the people that made it famous
Did I mention Mike Thompson?
Oh well so you didn't mention Mike so I'm a good company right?
Is he going to be on with Rick Ciderman or Bob Coons?
Let me ask you a question
Are you brokenhearted WNWS1 out of business?
I don't think I'm going to make it Steve
You know what I'm going to miss the most?
What's that?
The Mike Thompson show
Yeah
How's this town going between Paul Harvey Mike Thompson and Rush Bingbang?
What the hell are we going to do?
I got to tell what we're going to do
I really hurt moving under my feet like Harold King
I feel a whole earth shifting just slightly to the left now
Yeah, now you make sure you tell everybody that they have a real talk show to listen to in the afternoon's on FTL's
I wouldn't go that far
And with the price of gas most of us can't afford to drive that far out of the tower Steve
Rick and SUDds are not up for it
First of all Rick and SUDds and your audience are in two different planets on two different worlds
Their audience is on Saturn and your audience is on Uranus
It's a whole different bulging
This is correct my audience has brains there's no question of it
Well let's not get carried away
Mr. Rogers I want to tell you that it's nice to talk to you or a true gentleman
I know we're going to stay friends throughout this thing
Oh you can just tell by the way he said that that he's up to his old trick
Well you just no no no I'm telling you I'm not going to have to
I just want to remind you I'll give you a great lead in from 10 to 2 and I'm sure that's what you had in mind
There is no question of that
I'm sure everybody will listen to what we're talking about
Well listen Nick and Doug are my good buddies and they're doing a great job and they're kicking ass
But those people who live over the two block radius under the tower there are more power to you
What are you talking about?
I'm not sitting in the block radius
I've got to tell you that
Are you going to be figuring out this good as yours?
Yeah right
There's no question
Okay listen are you going to be sitting in the same chair that Ernie Sochin said in?
You want to know the truth?
That's the reason I took the job
I don't blame it
Not the same chair that Norman Kent said in
Isn't that exciting?
Oh my god, I'm going to be believable
Steven Neal not together again isn't that great?
Well what can I tell you?
It'll be like the old age
It'll be wonderful
I got the whole list of guests already for the first time
I know I keep it
You're going to laugh at this but it's the truth
As you were making jokes about who my first guest was going to be, I was taking notes
I'm sure it worked
That's a great idea
Save the year-end lady for Fridays so we can take a lot of diuretics all week
I don't know, I think that show is more of a reconfaction that is these kids show
Now that I think about it
Yeah well as a matter of fact they left the jug on the table from yesterday
Steve good luck to you
It's wonderful that we got a few real people back on the year again
Starting on the mid-new day
Newer clock WFTL 1400 on your AM dial
Now listen to it
My best to mic Disney, alright?
Debbie comes by to apply all I would say is you evacuate the building immediately
Take care guys
See you Steve
Wow
Unbelievable
Just tell me what your problem is
Boy what a day huh?
Thank god lunch from the unicorn is coming before you can say Jack
What are you panicking about?
I thought I knew you
Boy are these people nervous?
What did I know?
Keep everybody on their toes, that's my philosophy, keep them on their toes
WIOD, Georgia's in a coma
Yes sir
Holding for our meal
You're holding?
This is you
This is I
This is I
This is me and I we just had the world famous mr. Canon yeah, that's pretty good
I'm gonna admit having him on here's a little bit of fun, you know, it's like having a hemorrhidectomy
Sure, I'm glad I'm following him right I'm like taking it off
Uh-huh, hey listen. I don't think you're much of a big fight fan. Are you no?
You're not so you don't care who pumbles the hell I do have a satellite dish
And I'd like to see a buster Douglas beat the crap out of this baker just because for the hell of it
Hey, yeah, man, everybody like downing the big man
Oh my god, he's gonna beat the crap out of me. He's gonna send him into the moon
He's gonna send him to orbit. He'll wind up. He'll wake up tomorrow morning next to Uranus
No, I know he'll be more like recovering down in century village
Uh-huh resting after they're gonna have to be giving a massive dose of felding just to get him up out
You know what he's gonna say in the third round I fall in and I can't get up
White yes, sir. Oh, that's great. Well, I'm glad you're here for the big buster
Well some of us have a satellite dish will be watching knots landing taping the fighter of vice versa
It'll be great. Hey, I'm paying for paying for view 3995
You're used to paying for it pal. Yeah, we can all relate to it. All right, man. Have a good day and the same to you
All right, no more sports. Okay, okay
Hi, everybody. This is safety office of Mike Tyson heavyweight champ of the world
You've had a suit around the baddest driver around to with your driving tip of the day a few months ago
I was in the K-Mart with my ex-wife who I haven't given so I can't believe it
Maybe you read about her in the papers anyway
She buys me one of these cute little goffields cats with
suction cup feet which they stuck on the window in my car when we left the store
On the way home I drove into a tree. I can't believe it. Maybe you read about it in the papers
I couldn't see the tree because the damn cat was in my way Robin said that I was stupid to stick garfield on the windshield
I mean that that's really bitchy to me
I mean call the heavyweight champ of the world stupid now that's stupid
So I faked I faked Robin all left it
I took her out with a clean right hand knocked it right down completely first
Standing a count I can't believe it. Maybe you read about that in the papers
Anyway, my attitude to a garfield the cat has really been affected greatly. I mean in fact if I see you driving around with
Garfield the cat in your car
I made loose complete control. I don't know what'll happen
Maybe you'll read about that in the papers too
Just tell me what your problem is
1145 at W.I.D. want me great Rick Ciderman back on the air and the urine lady and Bob Kuhnst and Ellis Ruben and
Reverend Rick Patterson and who's that the unique Reverend? What was his name? I can't remember his name. He was great
Reverend
Bag
Anyway, let's go to a beautiful caller in Fort Lauderdale
Hold on a second. Just to keep him on air till he comes down. We do have an open line in Palm Beach
655 Beetle. Oh, I bet your Ricky Tickie is just eating his cap for breakfast this morning
Can you imagine him go and nuts here and all that beetle music on another station man?
I bet he panicked all beetles all day. I'll be honest with it. That wouldn't be a bad format
I bet you they get a higher number with that that they're gonna with Peggy Lee and Johnny mattress
Davey
He said
And there's nobody there. What oh?
Excuse me. Oh excuse me. That's okay one thing the lady from coconut grove and I have in common is that the lady from the grove
Which one who's the lady from the grove? I was lady was drinking coffee
The lady that's drinking coffee. Yes, who's missing like oh, oh, I'm sorry. Well, I'm under such pressure
I just talked to the famous Steve can I'm under a lot of pressure. Oh, I remember him
He's the one who got me involved with talk radio and the great what a guy
And then I started to listen to you and Barbara stuttley and Mike seagull. Oh, God those memories
The Steve came and I started listening to our end-tope and I started to listen to you. Uh-huh
Mm-hmm
And John levin how could we leave John levin out of all of this the original?
Right God knows that's right 24 and a half points of markets down not too bad
Yeah, but anyway, I you know, I'm gonna miss that radio. It's nice to flip back on force. It's nice to flip
That's what flipper always said
Well, I suppose that's what Luke Helping you it's awesome. Yeah
So anyway, it's just
This is of course you don't have a book in competition with you now
Well, we didn't have any before see it's funny you should mention that cuz during that time
You said they were all geriatric side I beg to differ well most
Pardon 98%
I don't think so. Uh-huh. Maybe at night trust me
Really anyway, what's good about good radio is when you have good competition and we didn't have any
So the idea that it's great that there's nobody else to in talk is not good, but you know, I know that sounds bad, but it's true
When there's good competition it makes for a healthier radio market
I get more letters and it's more I mean I know
I'm not a morning now and a morning is like just I mean wake up to Charlie Mato's
Oh my god with that silly
Annoying whining voice
And they all went out and was funny
Probably now together we're funny. Well, maybe somewhere else but not on a year maybe maybe someplace else in private but not on a
Come on wrong again sure
I was not a morning per I mean it's like when Steve was on wabc in New York. It's a death wish
Nobody wants to wake up to hear that in the morning. Oh
Well, I'm just hearing it in the morning. It made me wake up. Oh god. Yeah, I get I would too
I would one of you bet you're at a good point just like what you're at night into an instant coma
You're right. Well that I must agree with you
Let me get through the night with what's your name?
Oh, Sammy Smith wouldn't that be great if we could get that record? God
I would I would almost kill for this song. Oh God. I would fall asleep immediately if anybody can do it
We'll do it for you. Okay. I wish you would anyway
All I wanted to say was that I'm gonna miss those guys in the morning. Well, we'll invite him over. Oh, please do. Okay
Okay, I have a great day. Bye.
1149 at W. I. Would you what is it a geriatric van driver on the starline? Yeah, how you doing Neil? Okay?
Rick and Todd ask me to call you today. You're not a geriatric van driver
I'm the guy drives your people around. Oh, I see I thought you were geriatric. You're Jim
Gary's in the back of the van. Yeah, they're prone position and he's fallen. He can't do it. That's the guy
Okay, yesterday you had a geriatric American princess with the bird name Ben she called the bird lady now
Be nice to the bird lady on the beach. She's a wonderful lady and she's over there with
Moishi or whatever that bird's name is and having a great time. Is he Rick and Todd's want the bird lady for the funeral
Precession
To do what I to interpret the
Eulogy I guess Rick and suds are gonna turn this into some disgusting grotesque display of ill tempered bad-mannered foul crap
Is that what you're saying? The absolute bad taste that they always work and it'll be great excellent
And so they want you to like holler for the bird lady and if for all hymers hasn't kicked in far enough
Where she can remember calling you yet? She didn't want to come over here
She wanted to bring her bird over here and I said I got your bird right over here honey
That's what I told her and she just fell on the floor and she still hasn't gotten up. She was on the CBS morning news this morning
What that is a door nailed begging for your real parmesan her name is Esther. Yeah
But Rick and suds really would like her for this Eulogy
Okay, we'll work on it sir. I'll do my day and this okay
I'm gonna put out some feelers for Esther. Yeah, there you go and the bird
Okay, and you have a good day now and have a great life Jim bye-bye
Okay, and drive carefully now, especially as you're speeding on Helen Dale Beach Boulevard about 110 at 130 this afternoon
We have an open line on the star line star IOD that's for our Bell Soff mobility customers for those of you who are new to
610 W IOD get lost anyway
Here's the true story of Ed D a guy who appeared on national TV because his car was stolen and then recovered the same
Stinking day by the pigs using low jack trackers. How do you like that now like most of us
I thought that his car would never be stolen but one night he parked it parked his car next morning gone
Well, it wasn't a lot because his car was equipped with low jack the stolen vehicle recovery system
He called the pigs at 742 in the a.m. By 945 the same morning
The pigs using low jack trackers found the car hidden on a side street just a few miles away
The thieves were letting the car cool off before stripping it for parts
Coincidentally a producer from the ABC news broadcast 2020 was in the area waiting to film a live low jack recovery
The 2020 crew appeared on the scene right behind the pigs millions of 2020 viewers saw Ed say low jack is outstanding a great investment
I'm tickled pink that I bought a low jack and you'll be tickled too because it just makes all the sense in the world
The prices right it really works and you can have your car back in one piece while it's still worth getting back if you have low jack
Protection for more information or to range convenient installation at your home in your or office or new car dealership
Call our pal our good buddy Elaine at low jacks
She's waiting for your call. She'll be there till 6 in the PM this evening call toll free
1-800-53 low jack caller right now. It's one of the best investments you'll ever make 1-800-535-6522
If you've just joined us as a new listener welcome to 610 W I O D
We'd like to tell you a bit about ourselves
610 W I O D features a news department second to none
Featuring news around the clock throughout the week with the most comprehensive local news coverage available on radio
610 W I O D Skywatch 610 traffic provides you with up to the minute airborne reports to keep you out of the jam-ups and
The 610 W I O D weather center features accurate weather forecast from meteorologist Bob Soeper
Welcome to 610 W I O D
We're South Florida's news traffic and weather station news talk radio 610 W I O D
So you're cutting back these days no more trips to Monte Carlo for the weekend and not already with the caviar and champagne for breakfast and
Tomorrow you're gonna start washing the car yourself. Well, Zales understands these things
We're here to help you in your time of need so Zales is having a special 30% off store-wide jewelry sale
Not included in this event or watches gift wear value items and already reduced merchandise
But everything else store-wide is 30% or more off the regular price for the next four days and what a four days
It is don't miss it this Thursday Friday Saturday and Sunday a magnificent selection of necklaces rings and bracelets is 30% off
Yes, think of it 30% off our diamond tennis bracelets solitaire diamond rings and gold jewelry
You'll be passing them out like candy during the holidays
But you've only got four days so don't come whining to us with some excuse if you go out to town
Especially since if you charge it now you don't have to pay a cent until February of 91
See the store for details Zales come to your rest you once again for a yodeling good time come join fun at Eastern Financial Federal Credit Unions
October fest family day car sale it'll be a vunderbar celebration with great fun food and entertainment
Take advantage of fantastic deals on new unused cars pickups and van
100% financing and special low interest rates are available to qualified buyers
If you're eligible to become a credit union member now's a great time to join
Just stop by Eastern financials Miami Spring headquarters at 700 South Royal Point Pannable of our best Saturday
October 27th from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m
Enjoyed with varying both dances clowns and traditions free prizes games and a coloring contest
Tickle your teeth buds with hot dogs pretzels ice cream and much more
Plus over 250 cars will be on display in our parking garage
Tradans are welcome so bring your title and drive home our new car and don't forget to visit your credit union now for a pre-approved
Auto loan the join us at Eastern financials October fest celebration this Saturday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m
Visa cards
Paul McCartney selling visa cards
He's got enough bucks to buy Scotland yard and still he's selling visa cards
Go to Miami, you're on WI-8
Let's do the song positive with Michael J
I hear more songs on music every day
We loved the fall of yesterday
All the touring about
Playing beetle face like twist and shout
And just like Paul his shows are selling out and
He's peddling visa cars
Yes, boss peddling visa cars
Want to try it against the let's go to Miami you're on WIOD hello up in
1156 at good old W I O D remember it embroider it on your hair
You know they tell me that those kids pay big bucks to have those like special haircuts if those are real expensive
Speaking of haircuts, where's Diane to cut my hair?
It's getting real long and shaggy and bad Tom where's Diane give me my cheap haircut
For better. Oh, yes. All right calm down. Well, yeah, well somebody give him some Feldeen and a little glass of water and take out the teeth first
Let's try hi alia. Neil. Yes, sir going on. I want to go on. Yeah, what's going on? I know it's going on
I want to ask you one question. Yes, okay. You're Camilla's house tapes. Yes. Are you are you doing that yet in about the six days and about six days
How much is the price gonna be 20 bucks?
$20 donation, but if you want to send it now no problem
No, and I send it to Camilla's house. No, well care of me yet. Right W I O D Miami 3 3 1 4 1 the biggest and the best tape ever
It's got 60 minutes both sides worth of stuff this year. Yeah, sir
Another thing is Steven don't bring your girlfriend to the fight tonight. Take it easy, Neil. Okay. Thanks a lot
Wow, is that a message for Steve? Let's go to Miami. You're on W I O D. Hello, boy. Sure. Oh, Blory's not listening
Okay, let's take a call from are you gonna be okay, sir?
Oh
Dennis calm down. We'll be back to him in a second Miami. Hello. Yes, Neil two quick things these syndicated things like Tom Snyder and
Thrush Bimbo. Yes, sir. Anybody will pick them up. Let's hope not and the other thing is is it true that Larry loamy
$50 is due to have a variety show on Sunday night. You mean you don't know this I have a good wait a minute
You haven't been preparing your whole week around this. No
God it's gonna be great
Is it gonna be from Miami Beach? In fact, they're bringing in at the Jean Claude Keely the ski down Larry's nose on Sunday for 30 minutes
It's gonna be incredible isn't it I'm a I'm a I don't know
Well, it ought to be worth something and do you want to be worth at least $50 anyway?
And also the part-time Saturday and Sunday talent are
Wait a minute wait a minute. Don't show that word talent around so loosely
Yes
Yes, they're gonna what they're gone. Yes, sir audio's history. It's music 24 the world is tilting back slightly toward the left
Okay, Neil have a great life. I've got Seag Heil man
I bet you sure if Nick is really p-oed about this, huh?
1158 at W I O D. We have an open line in dead Dade County 751 mark these numbers down now
Please right on the outside of your glass the one it's got the teeth in it 751 9 4
We're gonna have to give these lots slower, okay?
Because when I used to work over there have to give them much more slowly
751
9 4
6 3
Got it
Sir no more life shows from Newman's LeBona Bay
Okay, let's go to Miami. Hey Neil. How's going? Okay. All right
I don't know if you have a copy of the bills happiness is the warm gun. Yeah. Oh is this Jair?
Yeah, I guess put it back in a briefcase Jair people are starting to talk. Oh, no. Yeah. Yeah. Well
That's how Jair kept his job. I don't know. Yeah, the copy of that song. Yeah, they'll dig it up
How about revolver? How would that do? Oh, well, that's pretty close. Okay. You're not bad for a Jew boy. Okay
Okay, we'll talk to later
He actually said that to me said that there's somebody else and he'll not bad for an old Jew boy. Yeah
Anyway, we got an open line and date 751 clan 751 9 4 6 3
Anybody got Sammy Smith and help me make it through the night. Believe me. We're desperate for it here at W. I. Would he will give you something
We'll give you like an old Alex Bennett T-shirt if you drop it off
We got the new news with our lovely Elaine at tour standing by. Who is it? Is she doing it? Well, why are you shaking your head? No dummy
Every base what works somewhere the country and not get readyiman
Welp
I
One
Oh
Only a nursing blue hair over a margaritaure
Live well
Live well
Live well
This work really takes us
I ever fall in love
One day up to noon
In the basement record of the melody
She's constantly been hallowed down
Live well
What special guest, let's make a long game
Thank you all
And make all your sweetest time in life
And I'm a popular prince, Finn Blacknade
You're too much
What makes me so important?
I had claimed I couldn't
The whole night through
I'd best sing a song for you now
And I don't hurt my mind and dying cafeteria location
On night I'm used to remember
What you probably want
I'm used to
This course of law is extremely possible
A common law of custom placidation
I'm dying out of here
Come away to WIOD Unicorn is here
With a great incredible lunch
My brown rice with mushroom sauce
With great sliced mushrooms
Oh, this is incredible
Unbelievable
At a beautiful carrot cake
That's a too good looking to eat
But I will anyway a little piece
Sliced Coleman roast beef
That's the good stuff with no hormones and no garbage in it
Roasted eggplant seafood kiche
Lingweeny pesto chicken and Italianos
Seafood chodder honey mustard chicken
Walk barbecue shrimp broccoli kiche
Lots of kiche
They assorted kiches
Rich
Sliced all natural Nova
Orzo salad
Thai vegetable salad
Coastlaw chicken salad
Chocolate chip oatmeal cookies
And an apple berry smoothie
For old Neil
Old is the operative word
Outstanding thank you so much
209 at WIOD
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale again
This means it's big outside
Let's go to Coral Springs
Coral Springs is gone
George Miami Beach
Hello, lovely lady
This is Jack and Miami Beach
How are we going to survive without Jack from Miami Beach
Without Lou Feynman from the Magic City Cat Club
The man talks every issue you know what I mean
Yes sir
Let me ask you a couple questions about
A lot of lovely lady
I'm kinda happy because all those good
talent that's how to work for so long
Like your friends stand and cry and
And Bill
Yeah Bill
And these other people have been out of work for so long
That's a good thing
You know I was wondering what was going on with NWS
We're on a week talent
So now they can all do it
Maybe that's why they disappear because they didn't have enough brains to put some real talent on
I mean Alice is okay if he's doing his own thing
And it's a time of day when people listen to it
Yeah I might be out
And he doesn't take himself so seriously
But the rest of that crowd forget it
There is a question
And that cadant said he had Debbie Ellis
Oh I mean who are we kidding okay
Okay to a Swiss the topic a week
To Swiss the topic right now
You say you say swish the topic soon
Are you gonna be head out to the hand box to watch the cup?
No sir
Never again read my slip never again
Not even the readers
I wouldn't care if they had the breeder's cup
And if they had the micanzalas cup
Okay I'm not going out there under any circumstances
I'll wait till Gulfstream
Bill and I a week from Saturday
It will be at Biscayne at the matinee
Okay sounds good
Plunge in our brains out
Here comes the bunny and there goes you know what
Watch out for jazz now
I'll see you in here
Bye
Lovely lady
Jack from the beach may make a return
But I doubt it
He used to call me when I was on those geriatric stations
And so did all those others all those old regular boy
How about Jan from Hollywood
Number Jan from Hollywood
Let's try a mobile in Boynton Beach
Hello Nail
Yes sir
Boy you know talk about a classic example
Of fixing something that wasn't broke
WNWS
What a tragic
It's tragic
Just tragic
Yeah
And while they're not playing Beatles I think you're in the sub
No you know I remember when that station went on the air
You said listen to Drew Hayes
Who is now the program director at the failing very ill WLS in Chicago
I am
Durkays
Isn't that amazing?
Well you know this is that's what's so perplexing about the whole thing
I use that WNWS on my car
And in my house
From morning till night
Is it that it doubles 8 to 12 and 8 to midnight?
What's going to happen with Harvey from Kendall?
I don't know
Oh boy
That station used to be so good
I can't believe that they're out of business
I just can't believe it
What used to be is like the ancient
They screwed up everything on there
They had some of the best
That's why I play in Sammy Davis used to be good you know
Oh man
They had you in the morning
Then they had Al, then they had Steve
Then even had Shirley Peters
Oh I left Shirley out I'm sorry
Yeah and I feel as a lovely person a wonderful lady
She loves the unicorn
Yeah what's your name Barbara?
Well it's her militant for some of us but a wonderful person
That it was all right wing Barbara's studly
And Bobby Groves rest in peace
Yes sir
And Nick Siegel
The guy overnight, what was his name?
What was that guy that did overnight?
What do you mean what was the guy that did overnight with?
I don't know who to actual moron
Witchner is a pseudo intellectual moron
Not Jerry Witchner
Oh, the other guy that was on Channel 17
Oh, the wicked web, don web
What a wicked web we weave when we go on the air right?
Yeah all those people man
With his royes the Taurus
Hey, I always meant to ask you a question
Yes sir
How in the world did you ever do two shifts today?
Not easy
And then when I was doing nine to noon and ten to midnight
For just a brief time and for no extra money either
Yeah, I just mentioned that one time and Dick Casper jumped right on
He said boy that's a great idea let's start Monday
What you do between 12 and 10?
Slip
Good heaven
Anyway, may they rest in peace it's the shame
But what are you going to do?
You know management never sleeps right?
Well we're getting a minion together going to have a big thing tomorrow for him and give him a good send off
Well send it
May they rest in purgatory
Yes sir
See you
1213 while we're sure you're dying to hear from Harvey of Kendall
For Harvey of Miami Beach I'm sorry he moved excuse me let's get it right
Then there's Irving from homestead we want to make sure we get him on another chronic
I've forgotten so many of the chronic but the voices I still know I heard them in my sleep they're same
With the gruff voice
And all about old Bob Martin is he still weasin and breezin?
Boy
We need to have a reunion we need to not just one unemployed talk host at the time
We need to have like a whole room we can have Craig and Bill and Stan over their dead bodies
And Alice and Debbie will have to have her or she can be in a conference room alone
We'll ship the food in there with a crane through the ceiling
And Sandy?
Well wouldn't Sandy be shocked to see these lovely new studios for that lovely lady?
How come everybody around here who worked with her said Sandy was a bitch?
Why do you people say that?
I heard she was really very nice at least on the air she puts on a good act
1214 at WIOD a big weekend of racing starts tonight at Poppano Park final preparations are being made for the greatest event
Okay, Rackamari, okay, keep all you brain
Here we go, this is for real, here we go
Oh, good one, nice hang time, nice viscosity
Introducing Lee guys, cotton hawkers for men
Hey guys, you ever worked a langer in the car?
You get the windows?
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah
I get a blow back on your date
My brother, my brother, he could got one for miles
Incredible, he's just gonna...
I went back and then you could go, you think you can hit that beer can?
Wait, that one?
Sure, no, no, that one, two way
No, that's fine, why?
Yeah, let me try that
Yeah, let me try that
No, no, no, no, no, I just like this
Wait a hang on, Luigi
You're just wearing pants
Wait, no, you gotta argue your back
Okay, wait a minute, give me some milk, give me some milk
Don't talk about Lynnette, wait Cheryl, 20 after noon at WIOD
On just a traumatic day, unicorn village is here with an incredible feast, little carrot cake there for a little later on
Look at Mitch looking at you today, why don't you cook for your husband Cheryl?
Look at the look on his face, like he has eaten in months
Cook him a hot meal sometime, would ya?
God, if you'd stop snoring around here and go home and work over the oven and do a good job, he wouldn't look like he's fading away like Karen Carpenter on a bad day
Another, by the way, survivor of WSNews, Mitch Wien ladies and gentlemen, one of America's outstanding engineers and geniuses, a dog track better like you've never seen a plunger
A maniac who gets shut out at Sportsman Park
With a green dress and a purple sash and the number eight, unbelievable
And Rick C.B. and all the other, we're gonna have all the names before today's out the engineers, the office staff
Who's that one Linda Short skirts, what was her name?
The Casper Secretary, we had just incredible personalities over there
We had the fat Richard, what was the van? Richard van Schnook
Well, we had them all over there man, oh god, those were the days
Unbelievable at WSNews, I could tell you seriously tomorrow, I think I'll stick around the whole day, even if they don't like it
With the dick and dud when they do that little funeral tomorrow, I got stories from the horse's tail, I mean you wouldn't believe
Unbelievable stories, the night you're here Williams got mugged, his last night in town on his way to go back to Boston
Running around the building, hiding from guys with guns who dragged the chains off his neck and a money out of his wallet
What do you read and like it here?
21 afternoon at WIOD, here's a call, well let's see how this guy's doing
How do I need the board operator, what about here?
Alright, Dennis, calm down, will you? North Miami
Neil
Yes sir
Debbie's getting a job on talk, not giving diet advice
Yeah
That's what she's gonna do
On the widescreen
But what are you gonna do without WNWS to kick around?
Well we can milk this for a few months
Yeah that's true
Okay, good luck
See ya
Oh my favorite crackers, what are these called in, an ACMAC, oh I can't say that
So anyways I was starting to say before I interrupted myself the unicorn village market and restaurant on the waterways 207th and the US1
Unbelievable as always
See food charter, I'm telling you the brown rice with the mushroom sauce, that's all I need
I mean this other I'll take a little bite but this is just up my alley
Let's try Kendall
Connie
Connie
On MGM with the yellow label Mitch
Connie
Oh God, you know that was Mayor Bob Cox who played that
That's how desperate he is to bring the spring breakers back
Now all of a sudden that he got his haircut too short and it affected his braze
Hey what's wrong, let's bring him back, we always wanted him anyway right?
Yeah, good luck to you pal
Miami
Hello, yes sir
I saw Sandy on TV and then she was saying well that's talk show, that's talk show business
Yeah, you know what else she said?
What?
I'm dying on my hands
I saw her years ago, about 15 years ago
Yeah, at least
Oh my stomach's hurt
Well I'm eating lunch right now so I was not good to graphic
It looks like she paints her eyebrows on
Hasn't the eyebrows left in them?
Yeah, sure in Williams
I went to a call they're yesterday for the first time in about four or five years
Yeah will you ever make that mistake against her?
Well, a matter of fact I had a good day
Really?
I had a very good day which I'm surprised because I never won a call they're never never
Well I'm close to you
And they have some better horses there
Yeah, Ellsmagic douchebag, that's my favorite
They had some horses in the 90s, they Jackie wacky
Oh yeah, that's a good one
Fear winner
I've got the perfect on there
Well they got my buddies over there, they got some good jockeys, Stuart Elliott and Mike Gonzalez and Dave Les
Elliot took over a couple horses yesterday
Good riders, Stuart Elliott
Great with them
Yes sir
He pulled them in
Good little rider
And there's a couple of jockeys that
He's no Dave rider
Pardon?
I say he's no Dave rider
No, he's no easy rider either
Right
Here comes easy goer
We should hear the whole call of that race, and we should hear the whole call of that race, and we can see all those spots
Oh they're saying in the news today that breeders' cup isn't really going to be much because there's no outs
Now all the good horses got injured, so what's the big stimulus right? Who cares
Well, well, we could just put Don and No out there
There you go
That would be good
And you put them in a chariot and have John Brunetti whipping them
That would be nice
wouldn't that be great i'd pay admission to see that
all yet i'd pay at least fifty cents
uh... what's ever gonna happen with highly i'm really anxious to find out
why are they the aqueduct the new york horseman gonna come down
but it's a short meeting in a winter alleged a working on it
trust me to be great
right highly will rise to the flamingos will fly again sir that that i asked you
that i think i asked you or i asked him once before
if they would continue having the flamingo
oh yeah
will you mean the race no
that's that's the best part of that i'll be well good luck to you sir
okay you have a good day me okay plunge your brains all right twelve twenty
five at w i o d it's coming up this Saturday they've been planted all the
spots why shouldn't we play the whole thing so we can get our lunch or
organized
move into post position number eight
always in the gate
no one
i'm done i'm done i know you're making the big
yellow pads of death threats i mean pages and pages it was great just
fantastic those are the days
and
stand was on their puffin and choking and puking away
screaming about the cubans good work stand nice thinking
you wonder why you're not on the air baby you've lost it
twelve thirty three at w i o d we have an opening on a starline star i o d
star
and let's are you gonna be okay Dennis let's go to the immediate
he's
uh...
uh...
uh...
okay that's it couldn't handle it anymore finally cracked he's been on there for
an hour and a half or more
and he finally just couldn't take it anymore
well done
it last resort
there's always this
i really like the originality of that idea probably haven't heard of that being
done probably what more than what two three hundred times in the business in
last year to play all beels when you're going to change the format that is so
damn original
and the bad part of it is they borrowed the library from life they had a borrow
all those music from all those music listen to that
can't you speak a little more articular the young man like that wonderful
sandy peen
she was so articular wonderful
can we have her back on the mic i think we ought to be a big campaign to have
sandy come back on the mic reneri show how about it come on
a writing campaign
call a management right now
i want to be in tomorrow
every year he's pretty low key but he just mentioned sandy and he starts his
teeth start nation's head start spinning around like a dreidelay goes nuts
what is he had her
let's try singar Island
me i am
i've collected
follow junior how you doing baby
i'm
absolutely fine
yeah
little louder link come on we can't hear you
okay
now you're talking
haha
must be that lucky bill of
must be
i heard a hot rummer
yeah i understand
gpl is changing format
no just a rummer
we absolutely deny it
you must be fantasizing again
you and your friend time jika with your incestuous relationship
please don't get into my sex life now
excuse me
listen
i think that wl is finally flipped out really seriously i mean it's a
really
she's tracking fields out these this morning
haha
is with that broad
you want me to tell you
yes
that's it
i understand
and he wants you to be the studio
no
he wants to put a tattoo on a backside
yeah
north america
that's the first
that's the first month show
listen what's the year about william b Williams doing mornings on w snow
you got it
but really seriously i mean this is her
boss granderson coming back to the weekends
uh... listen
i have a lot of money and i didn't want to be playing that music at night
i have a phone line
and i want to be the only thing that said
i can't get a one-in-one
would that be great in the form that we have dead hosts and dead listeners
that would be great they can relate to each other
absolutely right alan corny's going to be on air again
incredible
great to see him again
yes sir
listen i have a hot skinny really seriously
on the
that's good for that
for the motivation station
yes sir
they applied for the car letters
w k l q
clock radio
yeah
over time
i like it
don't let boy gerry here about it sir
i think it could be a word we might steal it
you know most people down here don't know what century it is at least knowing
the time is a good start
yeah
the
in america
and uh... listen big guy
keep the peace
absolutely
well
leafhalter ladies and gentlemen twelve thirty six at w i would be we have an open
line and pomephe
six five five nine four six three
six five five jack cool lives
you want some incredible way united states
has no quarrel
with the iraq people
our quarrel is with iraq's dictator and with his aggression
iraq will not be permitted to annexed
the way
just the way it's going to be
like
uh...
and
uh...
did
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
there
and
C.41, an all-hit radio, 610 W.I.O. Day, all-hits all the time.
Anyway, for this carrot cake from Unicorn Village, she gets so hysterical if I don't say
a village.
Unicorn Village, got it?
Restaurant and market?
At the waterways this?
And there's like a half a cake left.
Have you had some?
The greatest carrot cake in the history of the human race and perhaps even predating that.
It is just too good to be true.
What is that?
Isn't that incredible?
What is that for us?
Well, isn't that beautiful from Flora's?
Can you hold it up a second so I can see it?
It's a map.
It says, stick them in the desert and don't give them a map.
North Miami Beach, sunny isles and vicinity and it's got all the highlights and the low lights.
There's the mobile station in the century 21 in Charlie Tunis and budget red car and
Seaberk Resort Hotel and Apotments in the Hawaiian Isle.
And boy, that's neat.
That's great.
We're going to hang that right on the thing here.
Thank you very much.
That's from our friends at Flora's.
How are you going in your new thing over there?
Is it working out?
Finally.
Well, it goes to show you if you can last long enough, but good things happen.
Great.
Thanks a lot.
That's from Flora's up here on 79th Street.
What a day.
What a day.
We're doing it.
And I think I swallowed some carrot cake the wrong way so I'll start choking it like that.
Listen to that.
You should only choke on it.
I am.
Boy, so they were eating on the ear.
Maybe that's what Dennis was talking about because when he started that chazarai at 10 o'clock
and he came on with his dramatic announcement.
He said, well, I guess we're going to do something that's never been done.
I guess anywhere in the history of radio, what?
What was it?
They put a bunch of people who were getting fired on for half an hour.
Is that what that was?
What does that mean?
And the rumor line has it that they were eating on the ear.
And Sandy's great punchline was, what are they going to do?
Fire us.
I wonder if she was eating sugar cookies, Michael.
Sugar cookies.
Oh, I wonder who was the PD that had that brilliant idea?
Was that Mike Anthony, the assassin that wanted to put her on the ear for hours with her?
I mean, at 9 to 10, I was just a disaster when they had them on together.
You could just hear Reneerie wrenching his teeth.
They were just clattering in his mouth or in a glass somewhere.
And then they wanted to stick him with her all morning and he was just apoplectic.
Right, sir?
Sounds like the tune weaver is a happy birthday baby, doesn't it?
What is it?
Oh, this is another one of those hits.
And we're going to be hearing.
Where is my Jerry Wichner record, by the way?
Are you still there?
Yeah.
What happened to my Jerry Wichner record?
Help me make it through the night with Sammy Smith.
Don't drop the ball, Sammy, on the way over here.
We have an open line in date 7519463, Coral Springs.
Yeah, Neil, I get the distinct impression that W's news has changed.
You know, happened that they made the decision at the last minute because a friend of mine with ABC Radio in New York,
I called and they said they were not informed until late yesterday afternoon.
Yeah, well they weren't going to do it quite as quickly but somebody let the cat out of the bag, I guess it was me yesterday.
Really?
Kind of forced their hand, so to speak.
Well, I called up there to see what was going to happen to certain programs like Paul Harvey and stuff like that.
Yeah.
Where is Paul Harvey?
Well, is the station in Belgrade?
Did they usually carry Paul Harvey?
WSWN.
Yeah.
Well, I was just going up and down the dial to see if maybe they had found a new home,
right away here locally but then I heard it and I guess I got confused as to what station it was.
This parrot cake is so good, it would make you forget all about Paul Harvey, I'm telling you.
And all about W's news?
Well, that's easy.
But you call up the W's news.
I mean, the lines are just jammed and you get a hold of some stupid receptionist who catches you along with some other stupid girl.
Why don't you just leave them alone?
Also, I'm set over there and just leave them alone.
It's a sad day.
And they go, and everyone's in a staff meeting right now, they say.
Yeah.
And that they, she said this, she said this is the girl holding the staff right now.
She said to me, she said this is going to be a crazy day around here as if there never is.
And she said we really don't know, she said, quote, we really don't know what we're doing here.
Yeah, well, that's nothing new.
At least we admit to it here.
Well, I mean, it's like, I mean, even though you let the cow, the bag, you think that you could make some programming decisions as to what you were going to do.
Well, they don't know whether they want to scream or read a banana, okay?
Well, Sandy, what they say about Dennis Collins, don't you?
No, what?
He's a real, no one left.
You set me up on that.
Yeah. Good job.
Okay, well, Sandy was on Channel 10 as that guy said earlier.
Oh, no, and I missed it.
Well, actually, she really didn't act like she could really give it you know why.
Yeah, well, she's got the boyfriend with Bucks.
She's moving out to Vegas.
She bought a condo out there.
What is she care?
They're going to stick her in the desert out there in Vegas and give her a map.
And she's going to have a great time and screw them.
She's sick of it.
And what is she care?
And what a week here. She's boring as dog do.
Call it a great day.
And you too.
1247.
At WIOD, your friendly station.
If you're over the age of 100, go away. We hate you like poison.
We have an open line in Broward 524WIOD.
Are we being graced by Susan Darwin doing the one o'clock news by any chance?
No. Oh, geez.
You do such a good job.
Even though you do seven or eight minutes, it's still a good job.
Like I said, we have an opening in Broward.
I think I said that we have one more break to do, which we will do right now.
And we'll be back, George, right after this.
Okay, 1250 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward 524.
Please have some carrot cake, Murray.
Have a half a cake.
What did I say?
We have one open line in Broward 524.
9463.
We have a call allegedly from Key West.
Jerry!
Take the river from my home.
Oh!
Boy, this is done for me.
Take it loose and let it fall.
Yeah.
Take it off and let it fall.
Let's fall.
Take your hands.
Like a shadow of one.
It's like dizzy room.
Fallen lay down by my side.
I'll be checking in.
Build a more line.
Spread it in from Hollywood.
All I'm thinking is your time.
I hope you make it easy.
Boy, does this bring back those memories it's tugging at the strings of my thing?
Are we taping this I hope I pray?
We'll be talking, going on through it.
Let's get our way to Mama.
Oh, God, I need you, please.
Just say you say God.
It's a good order, Willow.
And my Lord is outside.
Straighten your way, God Jerry.
People are starting to talk.
And it's best to be a Lord with God.
It's best to be a Lord with God.
It's best to be a Lord with God.
It's best to be a Lord with God.
How you doing, Chubby?
Not you, Marie.
Betty Ann, wherever you are, that big talk show audience in the sky.
And Jan and Hollywood too.
I don't want to be a Lord with God.
I don't want to be a Lord with God.
Big finish.
I don't want to be a Lord with God.
Unbelievable, God.
We want it.
We got it.
And this is the only place you're going to get it.
Can you believe that?
The unexpergated version.
And Sammie Smith carrying that football like a loaf of bread.
Singing, help me make it fake it through the night.
Jerry, which your lives, ladies and gentlemen, the only survivor.
Which goes to show what I've always said when they're going to fire your ass.
Always have a 357 magnum handy.
That shines a lot.
Okay, let's, now did you eat the cake already or is it like in the thing there?
Isn't that incredible?
Unbelievable.
Let's care it, cake.
It's moist.
It is delicious.
It's got that like stuff in the middle, like cream cheese or whatever that is.
It's just beyond belief.
Outstanding from the unicorn village.
Excuse me.
So anyway, Murray and DeWayneon will want to sell the white hats at the dolphin games at your
Robbie Stadium.
So if anybody knows who they should talk to, please a call in George.
Or Rick and Suds will make the contacts through their Monday night.
The big shot head honchos up there at the stadium.
Trust me.
In no time at all, we'll have you sell those porkers up there like crazy.
Okay, Murray.
Have a great life.
You bet.
Carl Springs.
Hi, Nea.
How are you doing?
Great.
It's kind of a sad moment in all our lives, especially going back as far as I do with you,
Neil WNW.
What about the one-
I'm not snippin'.
I just got a head cold.
Yes.
The famous name game, Neil.
Can you remember the famous name game?
The name game?
The famous name game with all the hundred people calling in and winning prizes.
It pays for the day.
Oh, yeah.
I remember the Battle of the Tuck Hose that I started and they still, after I left, I showed
you.
I remember the one where we were asking those embarrassing questions and somebody asked Alice
who we'd like to be left on a desert island with.
Woo!
How about Spacey Stacey Lieberman?
Yeah!
Does anybody know what she is?
Oh, yeah!
Stacey Lieberman, my first producer at WS News, who booked General William West Berlin, President
Lincoln and President Roosevelt all on my show the week that she was leaving.
What?
In some strange reason none of them showed up.
What about the cab driver that did the news?
You remember that guy that had been cab driver off the hill?
Yeah.
The guy's name was Larry.
Another Larry, I can't remember his last name and his most famous moments.
Oh, he was doing it.
He was doing it.
He was doing the new news with Prescott Robinson one day and all of a sudden he started
laughing hysterically and on the air Prescott says, what's so funny?
Prescott and he said, I just passed gas.
Then there was another story that he was editorializing and something about some ruling at the Vatican.
He said, the late Jesus Christ.
I had that tape of you doing that.
I think it was the third anniversary show on NWS.
You were coming on a Sunday.
Yeah.
I caught the first half hour on tape from what I owned my memory bank from what I had left over.
Do you have anything like that in your library?
No, sir.
Go ahead.
Can I send that to you?
I learned a valuable lesson from Richard Nixon, Burnham Hall.
Burnham Hall?
Yeah, I'd love to have.
Okay, I'll send that to you.
And since that was probably from the well had to be because I only worked for Subbrink over there,
it's my property so we could play it on the air.
Okay, and finally the crowning jewel, the one I'd love dearly, holy Joe.
Yeah.
Anybody know where holy Joe is?
I think he's in that holy roller beach in the sky.
But you might see me separating heaven because of the way he portrayed that.
Reverend Charles Klein to you, sir.
Okay, have a good day, Neil.
Thanks.
WIOD, Georgia Spastic.
They're gone.
Okay, just as well.
Just as well.
Trouble maker on a starline, you can always tell.
1256 in WIOD.
I hope you haven't missed all the excitement.
If you've been sleeping in.
Sitting in his nowhere.
Bit of traumatic day.
WS news.
It was forced to bite the bullet about 30, 40 hours earlier than planned because somehow it sneaked out.
The word got out of the bag.
The cat got out of the caboose.
That nasty Neil put the stuff on the air.
Dennis Collins was apoplectic.
So instead of waiting from 430 to 5 tomorrow afternoon because obviously all of their calls all day today would have been.
Is it true?
Say he's only making it up.
And let me ask you something.
If all those crotchety old people are calling over there say, quoting me, how is it that they're hearing it?
Unless they're listening, they're having a radio accident if Junalison knows what I mean.
Another radio accident in their pants.
Miami Lakes.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
It's a sad day, isn't it?
Uh, Neil, I was reading your favorite paper today.
And do you know that brother Nick is bringing over 20 Soviet pigs so that they can be together with having some training?
Is there going to the dolphin game on Monday?
Excuse me, I'm sorry.
Yes.
They're going to get together to see what they can do about being able to prosecute to...
No, they're coming over here to teach Nick about freedom.
Oh!
That's what they're coming here for.
So I wouldn't panic.
You know, another thing.
Yes.
How's your diet doing?
Okay.
Are you sure you're not going to spaz out on us again?
Not soon, maybe in about six months.
Okay, because, uh, please, I could not stand to have that dick and suds on your show again.
Well, let me ask you this.
There's always another possibility since she is around and she like, um, how about Randy Martin?
No.
Stick to the desert.
Don't give our a mask.
I hate Rick Erily as much as I hate our senior hall.
Rick, you suck.
Let me ask you a question.
Oh, gee, wouldn't hold on.
Now, jika calling it a long distance like that.
I can't believe it.
He wasn't here to get the big story, but it was, uh, he was sharp enough to call it a long distance
and get a little shot in there before Tuesday.
Don't forget next Tuesday, all four hours.
What timing did I lock out?
Did I jump into a bucket or something or what?
Tom, jika, W-I-O-D, Georgia's busy.
Hi.
I'm clinging to you.
Sure, hold on.
W-I-O-D, Georgia's busy.
I don't know.
How you doing?
Listen.
What's going on with this off-ass expressway up there?
Meaning what?
It's cost me two and a quarter to go three miles.
That's right.
It's called a dollar of hollard.
I've never seen anything like it in my life.
Last time I was on air, it cost me about 45 bucks to get home from Oakland Park Boulevard.
I went for a power line road to get on to the sawgrass to get on to the turnpike.
Yeah.
They charge me 75 cents.
They don't tell you that you can't get on to the turnpike going that way.
Right.
But they won't charge you 75 cents to go to Lyon's road and turn around and come back.
So they can get another 75 cents?
They can, of course, you know, a 75.
And another 50 cents on the turnpike.
But when you're coming back, the light is red for the turnpike address.
So you go through the other ones, think you're getting on to the turnpike.
But I'm back on power line road.
Cost me about 75 cents.
So that's 45.50 so far.
Not bad.
Can I make a suggestion to you, sir, because we're up against the news?
Yeah.
Vote for Lawton Childs.
Lawton Childs?
Well, we'll do the best we can.
Okay.
Well, listen, that's going to do it.
Oh, my God.
That's Susan Darwin.
How about Charles Darwin?
How about Danny Darwin?
Elaine?
How about Chuck Meyer?
Elaine's going out with another 400-year-old boyfriend back to the keys again.
Wow.
Will that be something?
Boo boy.
Well, anyway, Elaine's got the one o'clock news.
We'll come back with our gigantic one-to-two-hour dick and dud.
They got the news from around the planet.
They got the, they're going to prepare their big funeral for somebody.
Sports talk at 6.05, the fight, the thing, and Randy tonight.
Come on.
I don't listen to the one-to-two hour.
Wouldn't be prudent at this time.
Millions have converted for fun and profit.
Now, you two can turn your pagan ways around at Earl Stripesys.
We'll convert any goi for just 99.95.
That's right.
Listen to one of our successful graduates.
For Kim, I shall own Malak, I shall own.
At Earl Stripesys, we'll convert anyone into a Jew.
Malak, ha-ha-doch, baruchu.
Translated means, sorry, I must have left my wallet at home.
Millak, ha-ma-la-jin, ha-ha-doch.
Translated means, stewardess, did you make sure to give me a kosher meal?
Millak, ha-ma-la-jin, ha-ha-doch, baruchu.
Translated, yes, rabbi, the check is in the mail.
Yes, you two can convert into a Jew for just 99.95 at Earl Stripesys.
Act now and get a free Yardside candle for just $10.
Earl Stripesys, we'll convert any goi for just 99.95 or more if we can.
Hamla-jin, how the hell am I supposed to read backwards for Christ's sake?
Well, you know what they say. Jefferson Pilot, according to Dennis Collins.
We know the high road, we know the low road, and nobody takes the low road better than us.
That's what he said.
A ledge.
When I call you up.
Okay, 108 to WIOD, it's been a really traumatic day.
We have an open line on the star line at Star IOD and also Palm Beach, 655 WNWS.
Look at this, we got the ACN tapes and pretty interesting stuff for tomorrow.
Throdo Rooter.
Please hammer, don't hurt yourself.
Altra trim fast, and on the street mall, men are scum, haul and oat bran.
At a whole bunch of Tom Broke job promos, James Brown, FAA, Bush apology, LSD, birth control, Midget Psychic.
So we're looking forward to some really heavy duty stuff.
Maybe if we could have given the tape to them over there, they'd still be on ears.
Think about that, Dennis, okay?
And just to show that we're really going to kick things off here because this is where...
You see, we gave Rick and says like, three whole days of shows now, it's unbelievable.
They owe us something like a white hot.
But anyway, that's where it all started on this show yesterday, around 1130.
We got our first report from one of our radio spies that the change was imminent,
was going to happen tomorrow, 430 to 5 goodbyes.
And then when we blurted it out on the ear and they did their whole thing about the funeral procession,
all of a sudden you can just see the clamoring and the gnashing of teeth and the changing of undies
that went on over there, they must have been going nuts.
Right?
Right.
Let me say it again, they must have been going nuts.
Right?
Oh!
Yeah.
So anyway, this morning they made the change in case you're just slipping out of the sack and,
boy, like Johnny Dark, Johnny, if you're just getting in the car, guess what?
No more talk, no more Debbie, no more Alice.
We're all going to the palace for lunch.
And actually, the last time I had lunch with Alice for intel was at a place called the Palace,
in Fort Lauderdale, long gone, was on the US one, and we used to talk about Alice at the palace
and choosing it all been out of shape about that.
He did.
Anyway, it's 10 past 1 at WIOD, so we welcome the Gillians, the thousands of new Geriatric listeners.
We love you, our seniors.
We're all a lot of presidents, bushes, do it all, you senior citizens.
With Medicare, go out and vote for Lawton, Charles, and every Democratic candidate out of the sun.
Okay?
Just keep that in mind that Uncle Neal told you to do it. Vote two, three times.
It could be your last.
And Ron St. John Jr. has a fitting tribute today.
And now, ladies and gentlemen, a musical tribute to W. Snoop.
A heart.
A pad, how you doing, baby?
I.
I get missed.
Johnny.
Huh?
A little too rocky, I think.
A little too rocky.
That's more like the coast.
No, no chance.
Do you think they're going to be like the coast junior on AM?
Yeah.
Eat your heart out, Connie.
Eat this, Mayor Cock, Crotch.
Life seems so empty since you went away.
Oh, definitely a Jerry Wichner Wiener if I ever heard that.
On my bulldozer.
Oh, I wish I got a sacred fire.
A wide, highland lives.
The whole day is my friend with that day.
Very happy it is from the coast newsroom.
And I forever ran to the beach.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
Was that it?
Was that it?
I guess that was it.
12 minutes after one at WIOD.
That was a great job, Ron.
Excellent.
Worked on effort weeks.
You know what was coming?
524 WIOD in Broward.
Now some straight talk for you.
We love our seniors.
If you're under the age of 200, we welcome you with open arms and fists.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
They were going to do that tomorrow afternoon in the idea that they were going to be over there getting lost.
Now they beat us to the punch.
They got out of there and they beat it.
But they'll probably go ahead and do it anyway.
Kill a good four hours.
Let's take a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
What am I going to do when I want to get hold of Jack from the beach now?
Well, just the probably WFTO would be good.
I think Jack's going to start moving north.
I can't.
All these TV tours that I have, when's the repairman coming back?
Sunday morning on the main green show.
And how about the old crystal ball from Sebastian?
So why?
Don't you remember the guy who did the ESP on Sandy Payton?
No.
Yes, he was from the island.
But I do remember my friend from the cock and bull restaurant.
What was his name?
He used to play the guitar.
And he sang on the jury watching the show.
What was his name?
Oh, you don't know.
Oh my god, you haven't lived.
Everybody used to hear him.
And they'd say Elvis, Elvis, you sound nothing like him at all.
Elvis was incredible.
Do you think that Dennis Collins was trying to overshadow the 7-11 bank upcy?
He figured maybe that would carry more news.
Nobody would ever realize that they were closing down.
He's a real no-well man.
Yeah.
And Kane starts Monday, huh?
A week from Monday.
A week from Monday.
WFTO, where do you live?
For a lot of them.
No chance.
You know where the towers are?
Which where are they, OK?
They're like on, I think they're on 95.
But Oakland Park Boulevard somewhere up in there.
Oh, OK.
That's right.
I live on an East 95.
I'll be on the expressway.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
I'll be on the East 95.
It's goldenery, wow.
I'll be on the East 95.
You've got me here, man.
My guest will be with me, the leader
I'll be on the East 90.
Frostyaster.
I'll be on the East 90.
I'll be on the East 90.
I'll be on the West 50.
I be on the East 90.
all right, it's just come down a second.
It's Mel or ladies and gentlemen, Rodgers doing New York
are going to make a big comeback at a number one-half
in the market.
Boy, it's going to be tough when you get up in the morning.
Life or life, we're going to be a pretty rough decision.
Coral Springs.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
And the name Bill DeShare.
Bill DeShare from the Cockettbo restaurant.
Yes, sir, on the Jerry Weachner show.
Howanites live.
Thank you, pal.
What a guy, huh?
What a mammary.
As they say at Hooters.
Spinal by we got hooters girls coming out to our thing in Miramar to make the achieze a little more binding the Sunday from noon to two
And tie it around your
That's that's the part of what she says shake it loose. I just I lose it. I just go nuts when she says that
133 the good Lord will and that's party out when he'd say the good Lord will and that like a phony kind of Yahoo
Yehaw junction way. Oh God that did it for me
Silver bird by Mark Lindsay with a ponytail. Oh
man
We don't have time for that as matter of fact I ain't got time anymore by the glass bottle would be appropriate wouldn't
This is one of those that the reneary has to play four times a week I think
Right boy Gary
Oh, here's a good one for the new format are you listening Dennis are you writing these down can't be all bad and for the right price will even loan you
We got all the CDs right over here. I knew a man bow jangles and it dance for you
In
We invite Johnny dark in to say the nitty-gritty dirt fan five straight times boy that license would be right on the line even art
Fleming not never saw jeopardy like that. It's 134 here's a call. Should we do the mobile in Coral Springs?
Hello, no, yes, sir. I'm in Bokin now and holding for the law. Well, listen
Well, we'll get to you when you get to St. Augustine boy
This is dangerous man holding on this phone driving around listening all that terminal music. Yeah
You know, I don't know what the heck's gonna happen. What happened yesterday a guy called in and he said they were
Chained in format on Friday and having a good by party, you know
Well, I had to move it up a little because we left their cats out of the bag
So they had to move it up a little to avoid any further embarrassment so to speak yeah, and then
Yeah, and then all of a sudden I hear you guys
Promotion and you know welcoming all of these listeners who've never listened to IOD before well
That's boy Gary
You're damn right. We already been through that. We don't want any part of them. That's boy Gary
We had just associated ourselves as usual from any of that crap from middle-level management
It's just another bonehead idea
Now just keep playing your old put stuff and all that when he runs that spot, you know, on all the old parts
You know, maybe they'll turn off the operative words. You're right. See you. Talk to you later 135
Often it should always burn and have
There is no cause for concern
West you have
I am right
I am right
Am right
All pumped up and irritated
Am right
It doesn't help to be
Constipated and
Am right
Am right
Am right
Am right
If you walk and you can't fly on
Am right
If it hurts when you make miles then you have
Am right
Am right
Am right
All right Dennis just relax 140-20-2 at WIOD a day that will live in the annals of broadcast history forever
They're going to put it in the time capsule. They're going to stick Dennis in the Smithsonian Institute
Not a broadcasting just the Institute. Don't forget this Sunday noon to two fat rich
Any vet and yours truly and the hooters girls look out and the hooters boys maybe
Known to two at the International Food and Fun Festival in Miramar. We're going to have bumper stickers and pictures and a bunch of crap and
It's on let me look at the map because the directions that the event gave me I wouldn't give to my dog. It's on
Miramar Parkway just west of 441 and the exact address is
Is
Southwest 68th Avenue in Southwest 34th Street Perry Park coming from plantation south on university to Miramar Parkway
Make a left on Miramar Parkway to 68th Avenue make a right on 68th Avenue and Perry Park will be on your right and if you're not coming from plantation
Suds will give you directions
Okay, 19 till two well, I'm sorry, but I do certain things you know me. I get obsessed like certain carts
For example, this one I got all carried away with and once in a while a piece of music does it take the ribbon from my head
Six years every night I put up with this crap
With a silver gun and the Ho Chi Minh trail and the gray ghost and the purple way
Oh
God say it isn't so
Jair come on
Okay, 142 let's take a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hi Uncle Neil. Yes, sir
Yeah, it's a Steven mixed Roach Motel at what?
BC Roach Motel, BC jail the Roach Motel. Yeah, yeah, BC jail. Yeah, how's it going? Great?
I'm talking a while. How's things on the inside Steven? Oh really bad
It's like I'm gonna be here for so long. What did you do? You're through a stop sign? No, no, no, I can't talk about that. That's okay
We don't want to discuss it sure if it's listening is mom anyway. I have an idea of the call letters for and WNWS. Yes, sir
How about WLAM as in lame
Well, who would notice? Yeah, no one would really notice W-O-F
Right
Exactly
Oh, I got a nose to pick with you. You have a nose to pick? Yeah, this is not the micriner issues
Markets down 12 points by the way. Yes, sir. All right, wouldn't affect me. I can't even deal in it anymore. Yeah
You always talk about all these great restaurants, you know like Ruth, Chris and
Averneta and everything. It's torture for us guys in the BC jail because all we school lunch from hell
Right, you're torturing. Yes. All right, starting tomorrow we're gonna give the lunch menus for all the schools. Oh great. Okay
We got crushed on whole ride tomorrow. It's gonna be fantastic. All right, they told my SOS on Monday. My attorney told me I'm gonna be here
For at least another 10 months because I got a new deposition and everything. Huh?
Huh, great. Okay, used to it. I'll get the lay of the land. Can I call somebody a douchebag? Sure. Yeah, I'd like the same Mr. BD or a douchebag six pack. Good luck to you Steve. Okay. Thank you. You'll need it. All right
See him 143 at WYOD. Oh God
Under for instance, son is gonna stop by it's just the one that's 82 feet tall and works for the work for the Hollywood Poles and where they in trouble
Take the ribbon from my hand. What are they doing up there in Orlando?
And
Lose
Is it loose honey? 144 16 to two at WYOD Miami
Miami
Hello, come on speak to us Debbie. You can do it. Oh, she fell over on the instrument. Okay, let's get the wrecking crew over there
Okay with the ball and chain all right put that on hold and so as they get her tilted up in here will pull it out from underneath her
Sally at the same problem last week north Miami. Hello, Neil. Okay. The pig reports gonna be brought here by
Mellon. You want to hear the new pig reports sound effect? What is it sound like? Well, just a second and let me find it here. You ready? I'm putting my teeth in. Go ahead
Oh
It's a Darth Vader pig report. Huh?
I'll need
Up until today I was an Arnold Royal Castle Virgin went to a white hot awesome. This sounds like Woody doesn't it? Yeah
145 I got news for you Woody now you and
Harvey from Miami Beach formerly Harvey of Kendall
There's a few of those chronics are they lost now are they of tourists are they in big trouble? They got no alternative. They got nowhere to go
Until Steve comes on a week from Monday on FTL in the afternoon who can't be heard except for like four toast pop pop toasters
That must be what that toaster was that they had in here the other day
Maybe they're planning another one of their little cute things and Marvin up to FTL
To sit on 95 a week from Monday so we can pick it up
And we can like re broadcast it on the year with the year and lady and Rick Ciderman man
I can't wait we have another break to do right? Okay, just checking key wet
Neil yes sir sometimes I feel
This on the radio this passed me by I want if he's coming down to fantasy fest
To the fantasy fest looking for a job maybe well, I don't know
But he had Margaret Kent on the other day looking for the man of your dream
And he was all excited
When you tell us that he's getting paid off till next July sir a deal. Yes. What are you coming down to a seat?
To keep wet. Yeah, don't hold your breath. I am okay. Hey listen to you. What I just want to say
That is a dispatch. Okay
146 at W. I would do no more that douchebag stuff no more that grotesque
We're gonna clean up our act because now we have to be where did you got to depend on us?
We're it we're all you have left. We have to have a little more class on the radio
All those big bankers and doctors and lawyers all those big hot shots all the people are working the centrist building
Oh excuse me. We shouldn't say that. We used to be the centrist building
They've got nowhere else to go to get an education to hear a little bit of class and intellect on their radio
148 at W. I think we hear just a couple of more bars
God on
Compact this man if he'd have kept that wig on just another week or two you could add a 90 share
Take the ribbon from my hand
Take it loose
Oh
Chip
Oh
abortion
148 at W IOD and right back James after this
I'm gonna get the fuck out of this room and let you go and fool me
I'm gonna get like a right kid, let me throw the ad
Standing in the front of the room, waking up a crowd
See, moment as a group, see, signing up a big change
Faking like a Hollywood, what do you think of me now?
Let me throw the ad in the back
I'm gonna get like a Hollywood, what do you think of me now?
Let me throw the ad in the back
I'm gonna get like a Hollywood, let me throw the ad in the back
I'm gonna get like a Hollywood, what do you think of me now?
Let me throw the ad in the back
Judy Fruity, LA
I was lying in my bed watching late night TV
When Ange and Lizzo bagged and she started to do the clap thing
Clap thing
Her arms were really flabby
Her face was really crabby
But something made me happy when the bags she did the clap thing
Clap thing
I'm dying on the hands
So I turned the lights down low
That back to watch the show
And then wouldn't you know I started to do the clap thing
Clap on
Clap thing
Clap on
Clap on
Clap thing
Clap on
Why I started to ache
My body is itchy
It was all that I could take when that bag she did the clap thing
Clap on
Clap thing
Clap on
Clap on
Soon it was all over so I had to clean it up
Now I spend all my nights just waiting for the bag who can't get up
She's falling in that
Clap thing
And I hope she can't get up
She's falling in the clap thing
Now I'm gonna clap it up
Clap
Clap
Clap
Clap
Clap
I'm dying on the hair
I take the ribbon from my hair
What a job
Nice job doc
Shake it loose
And let it fall
Okay I'm sorry I'm just getting emotional
It's just so many mixed emotions and memories
Hellendale
Neo
Yes sir
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm
sorry
Thank you.
