This is the Neal Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any question?
Yeah, lots.
Anyway, it's 10.07 at WIV, just like old times.
It's just a boy, you just wait.
Just wait a few days.
We're going to be rekindling all those old memories.
I forgot, by the way, to bring in the Dick Purtentape.
So the two pinheads that called in yesterday
that were just desperate to hear that again.
You have to wait till tomorrow.
You'll have to wait till I remember to bring in the cassette.
When I'm good and ready to bring it in, that's when you'll hear it.
Okay?
When the dog barks and says,
Hey, bring the cassette, dummy.
That's when I'll remember to bring it in.
Anyway, we have something unusual today.
We have open phones from 10 to 2.
And Richard Simmons, one of my,
oh, I have such ambivalent feelings about him,
like I do about most people.
Because most people are at least 50% full of crap.
I think you'll discover that way as you go through life.
And Richard had been on my show many, many times,
until a time that he practically strangled me
with an affectionate love grip on my neck.
He's not as bad as Joey.
At least he doesn't kiss,
at least not on the first August appearance anyway.
But he put his, came up from behind me
and put his hands around my neck
and got ahold of my larynx
and just about crushed my voice box,
which would have been the end of me.
But anyway, he's getting fat too, by the way.
Have you seen him lately?
He is putting on the pounds, man.
He is really doing it.
But he'll be on, I think, by phone, right?
I pray.
Oh, I hope he's not going to be in a building.
Because if he is, he'll come in here again
and start smoothing up to me.
And I can't, he's not my type, Richard.
I'm sorry.
I don't think you're anybody's type.
He's going to talk about his predictions for the 90s.
Also, from WLRN's off the beaten path.
Can we say that comes Bob Slade.
Oh, my God, look at this.
And representatives from WKPX,
Piper Radio will be here to talk new music and music radio.
And talk a lot about Elvis Costello and the Ramones, no doubt.
On the Alex Penicillus.
So we got a lot of stuff coming up later.
Nothing now.
We have nothing now.
Just the four hours.
I was going to go into a big song
and a dance today about my satellite dish
and about my neighbors that I mentioned yesterday.
And why is it that people, neighbors in this town suck so bad.
They're just brutal.
They're nasty.
They're hostile.
And also the city of plantation lied through their teeth to me.
I don't want to mention any names on the air, but they lied.
And now they're sending me a notice, a citation.
We're just like back where I started two years ago.
The same crap with the satellite dish.
And the bottom line is, they're afraid that you're going to see something
that they can't see and you're going to have a good time,
which is against the law.
And secondly, the cable company just want to make it as difficult as possible.
I have continental implantation and they have got to be one of the worst.
They won't give us GN.
See, because all these cable companies are in bed with Ted Turner.
They get a special deal because they got the CNN and headline news.
And the TNT, which is a piece of crap.
Did you hear Alex say yesterday TNT was one of his favorites?
I can't believe anybody watches TNT.
All those old washed out 40s movies they put on there.
I've crap.
Nobody watches TNT.
But anyway, in exchange for getting all of that at a reduced price,
they carry WTBS, which nobody, unless you want to see green acres,
nobody wants to see WTBS because the only thing they have of interest
is the braves.
And they're only about six people interested in the braves,
plus a couple of perverts who want to see Dale Murphy.
And that's about it.
And we could have WGN, but instead we get stuck with that.
And of course, we don't have sports channel either.
So if you got continental, you really are screwed badly, badly.
And that's the name of the game.
So the city of plantation, a special salute,
may you may not be good, but at least you're consistent.
You're consistently full of crap.
You're like a bunch of little dictators over there.
And all you want to do is make everybody's life as miserable as possible
like your $16 of box plantation bags, which I hope,
I hope that each one of the city commissioners in plantation
wakes up one morning with a blue garbage bag around his head, okay?
We just a few holes in it so that they're still breathing.
Barely.
Boy, you people make me sick.
Man, do things that are not in any way bothering anybody else
or at least shouldn't be, and it doesn't make a bit of difference.
Just a hopeless, same old crap.
You don't want to be bored with that, do you?
You don't want to hear that same old crap.
You don't want to hear me cletching on the air.
You've heard it a million times before.
And that's it.
You don't like it.
Get the hell out of here, right?
You don't like it.
Leave.
That's it.
Never going to change.
It sucks.
That's the way they want it.
They don't watch you seeing all that sports and all those movies
and having a good time.
And American ecstasy once in a while too, just for variety.
Now, that's old stuff on there, boy.
They even have run Jeremy movies on there.
He looks just like Al Goldstein.
I got a incredible letter, which I think I'll read,
because I got nothing going today.
It's Tuesday tomorrow.
We got our big, remote, it's spec.
So I'm just kind of laying low today,
getting ready for tomorrow's big extravaganza.
Joey's going to be stopping by and Rick and Puts.
And Fat Rich will be there.
A force feeding food down his throat that he doesn't even want
just to be a nice guy.
Right?
Anyway, I got an incredible letter from Al Goldstein.
He is obsessed with this show.
He's just obsessed.
And a copy of the latest screw magazine.
Maybe we should read some of the columns.
The name of some of the columns from screw.
That'll get the license in about five minutes, okay?
Well, here's one.
We can read this.
It's called Not A Peep.
Rag Queens.
Papal smear.
Prank and file.
Not these are pretty, there's one here that I'm not going to say.
Limps something.
I'm not going to read what it says.
Anyway, 13 past 10 at WIOD.
And, oh, you just don't listen to it.
Well, anyway, congratulations to Cheryl and Mitch,
who over the weekend.
Where did you go?
Nowhere.
Is that a secret?
Okay, they got married, ladies and gentlemen.
And we wish them the best.
They're just two wonderful human beings.
It's a match made in heaven.
And I don't say that's sarcastically.
I say that.
It's just a wonderful match.
It's one of those rare occasions when two perfectly matched people in temperament and taste, etc.
Have Wade and Holy Matrimony.
And they're taking up the office pool right now.
Okay, now what is that?
That looks pretty good.
That's not a bigel.
That's an onion roll, right?
Thank you, Paul.
Paul over at Bagels & Co.
He sent the little stuff here this morning.
Well, that's what?
Vegetable cream cheese, isn't that great?
It's not even drafe.
Look at that.
It's great.
It's kosher for suckers.
I don't know why suckers always comes to my mind.
That's because it's the eating holiday.
I mean, pass over you have a little satyr,
but suckers is like the festival of eating, of picking out.
That riches ancestors must have started that holiday.
Look at that.
It's all sliced with all those nice onions.
Now, are you doing that for me?
Oh, thank you.
I was getting a little nervous.
Anyway, it's 10, 17, and W.I.
A day later, I'll read Al Goldstein's,
the letter Al is obsessed with this show.
Boy, he just, I think Al is in love with me.
I'm nervous about that, because he signs it with love and kisses Al.
And I'm not, have you seen him lately?
Cheryl, have you seen Al Goldstein lately?
Mount Vesuvius on a bad day.
Gotta go on a diet first, Al, and lose about 100 pounds in 100 years.
Let's go to Margate for a wonderful call.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Hey, I got something, uh, pot that you did.
I bet you did.
About the Super Bowl.
It's the best time to go out to a restaurant.
Uh-huh.
Went to the pot Sunday.
You went to the pot?
Yes, great.
Around a lot of our listeners who spent a lot of time at the pot.
It was great.
Did my banana?
Yeah.
It was unbelievable.
Great.
Another thing I want to talk about is...
You do realize that there's no melting pot in plantation, don't you?
It's too good for plantations against the law.
In fact, I don't even know how quirky snake didn't.
It's right, anything good there.
They knew how good that was.
They'd probably close them up by Friday.
Well, they got a good sound, body bags and plantation.
I don't want to sound bitter in hostile, but I am.
So you moved, huh?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
You still live in a different ranch?
Do you still in Jacarana?
No.
I don't discuss where I live on the Irrister.
I mean, are you a reinsurge or what?
You want me to give the address on the Irr?
I can come cruising by your house.
And by the way, Marcy, who lives in my complex, who's called yesterday,
she's called a couple of times.
It didn't dawn on me.
I was just thinking about this.
Thank you.
I was just thinking about this.
But remember, she said yesterday, were you listening?
Mm-hmm.
You don't know what I'm talking about.
She said that when the inspector from plantation came evidently
to look at the did.
Yeah, the car.
He was looking at the Ferrari.
Well, she doesn't live in the same part of the complex that I do.
So unless she's a super yenta, how does she know what he was looking at?
Unless he's kind of like hanging out the house being a little inspector?
Yeah.
Well, you know what?
What a bunch of yentas in this town, man.
You build that garbage bag up.
Mm-hmm.
You guys get the ACN tapes?
I beg your pardon?
Did you guys get the ACN tapes?
We don't discuss these things here until we're ready to discuss them, okay?
Well, you play...
You're just an awful pushy today.
You're an awful, well, listen.
We're just giving you a little taste.
You're just giving a little taste.
You're playing Stevie Nade.
And here what I just said, we're giving you a little taste.
I want a big taste.
I'll give you a taste.
It's 10.19 at W.I.A.
That was our first friendly call of the morning.
And that should give you visitors a real good idea what this town is all about.
Get out before it's too late, okay?
Get on the bus.
And go back where you came from.
This is a little, this is good, but it's heavy.
I mean, I don't think you're supposed to make a sandwich out of it.
Huh?
No, you're not.
It's too much, too much.
And I got to go to mommy's today.
This is just, um...
No, I'm having some orange juice.
And I have a little bit of this.
A little taste.
It's good.
It's delicious.
Mm.
If you could eat that whole thing, then you'd start gaining some weight.
Then you could look like Alice Goldstein at about 10 weeks.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
I don't know.
Okay.
Listen, everybody sounds like an inspector gadget.
Yeah.
And you're in your place.
I anyway...
I had a nightmare this morning.
I woke up, I put the dogs down, I went back to sleep,
and I had a nightmare about the homeowners association they came.
No, seriously, and all these weird people came in and were inspecting my house
and for some reason there was all this mud all over the floor.
Probably with a magnifying glass, too, right?
Yeah.
Jesus.
Anyway, I find...
I think most of them need a magnifying glass.
Well, I'm starving.
I've been eating all day since 5 o'clock this morning.
Why?
And I'm just hungry.
And I'm going over to quirky now,
and I'm going to cleanse my palate over there.
Good.
Excellent.
And I some matter of fact right now, I'm on my way there.
And the other thing I was going to tell you,
I didn't get to call you yesterday,
but it was through a super bowl day.
I ate like an animal.
I felt like I was ESP.
I was having Tony the Tiger also.
I ate all day long.
All day long, I had...
But you talked about frosted flakes.
I didn't gain any weight.
I was too nervous to get on the scale yesterday.
Really?
So I got on this morning, and I did him the same.
I didn't gain any weight, which I don't know how.
But I had too many...
Wait a minute, look at that Bob Barker is on Sally Jesse,
and he's wearing a mint coat.
I can't believe it.
Yeah, but it's probably made from artificial flavorings and dye number three and stuff like that.
Good.
I hope it gets seeps into his pores and it comes out in his hair.
I hope that when they put him in a cascadise,
dies his blinded mink.
I hope his hair looks like a chipmunk tomorrow on the praces, right?
I like Bob Barker, but he's a little too cozy with those animals, you know?
Take it a little too serious.
Yeah, he shouldn't take it that serious.
That's right.
Anyway, I'd like to call all those people and inspect your house and plant taking a bunch of douchebag, including that marshy.
Okay.
Okay.
I have a great lunch.
The chew butt.
Bye.
Well, this is delicious.
It's an onion...
Not a roll.
I don't know what the hell it is.
It's like an all-long onion thing with vegetable cream cheese inside.
And Cheryl made a big sandwich out of it and it's disgusting.
It's just too big.
Too big, Cheryl.
What do you want, Henry?
That's good.
No, it's Chateau-la Crap.
It's not too full.
Yeah.
22 past 10 at W.O.D., we still have a couple of open lines in Dade County.
They're not too sociable this morning.
Boken, Palm Beach, you're still wondering what the topic is.
751 W.O.D., now that's...
A B.A.L.E.
Isn't it a flat...
It's hard to tell.
I can't tell.
It's also loaded with onions.
It looks delicious.
Excellent.
Drink it in good health.
Anyway, let me tell you about an auto repair place that really does a great...
That had something to say and it would act relatively normal instead of like...
Like they had St.Vita's dancers something.
But then that would be wrong.
That would be a rip-off.
We'll see how it goes into remote tomorrow.
Okay.
Because I don't think we're going to take any calls just like today's show.
This is practice for tomorrow.
Okay.
Because we want to get ready for the remote.
We're not going to take any calls tomorrow.
We'll take just a few today.
We'll kind of phase out.
Super Dave, I hope you're putting me on.
Okay.
I hope you're putting me on.
All right.
You know, there are some people you cannot insult.
And one thing about doing a talk show in this town.
I've been here 14 years and there are some...
You co-on the ear, you say...
It's like a game.
Like blind Mike.
I didn't hear the call, but he evidently called a certain show on another station this morning.
Because I heard them talking about it.
And it's like the more you talk about how chronic these people are and what a pain in the ass.
And they have nothing to say and how bad callers they are.
The more they'll call just to piss you off.
Idiots like children like little infants.
Okay.
Let's do the mobile first.
What do you think about that?
What I have to think about is the Bennett Show, which is virtually unlisted.
Sir, I don't want to discuss that.
Okay.
I'm sick and tired.
Somebody comes to this market and right away all you...
Wouldn't make any difference if we put God on from two to six.
All you people want to do is call and bitch about Alex Bennett, Stan Major.
Anybody that's in there, it's all you want to do.
And then if the numbers are mediocre or if they get a lot of flack and they leave, then right away...
Oh gee, we were just getting used to filling a blank.
Whoever it is.
Okay. You people are so predictable.
You make me want to vomit.
And if you don't want to listen to it, don't listen to it.
But don't call here and tell me about it.
I don't care what you listen to it to a clock.
I'd like you to listen to WIOD 24 hours a day.
Seven days a week.
Look, some kind of a lemon.
But I can't force you to do that.
If you don't like it, don't listen to it.
But don't call here and put me in that position constantly.
And then I get all the flack.
Wow, you're ripping, you're doing this.
Listen, I hope the guy gets a 10.
All right.
With a decimal point in the right place.
Man, is that piss me off?
I'm so sick of it.
You people are so predictable.
Oh, I don't like this.
I don't.
What the hell do you want?
Huh?
What the hell do you want?
Do you know?
Do you have any idea?
Have you got any concept?
You don't know what you want?
You're like a bunch of little babies with rattles out there.
You're nauseating.
But I'm not going to get upset.
I'm having a little breakfast here, which I didn't even expect.
Thank you, Paul, for bagels and company very much.
For being a wonderful humanitarian.
I'm reaching back in here now for the CDs.
Screw this, okay?
Nobody gets paid enough to put up with this crap.
Right?
Screw this.
And as for you.
Neal.
What the hell do you want?
I was in such a good mood this morning in spite of my neighbors.
Wait, wait, wait, hold on a minute.
And I'm coming here and all I get is,
wow, wow, that's an expenditure.
Listen to me all.
And then I get you on here.
Why don't you give it a rest?
Why don't you find a life and go out and do something?
I heard you call on another certain show.
What are you going to stop?
I call, I call Joey.
What are you going to stop?
He was dying.
Hey, I got news for you.
You were like the nail in the coffin, okay, pal?
Wait, who, who?
Your call was pathetic.
My call was pathetic.
No, I'm pathetic.
No wonder they fired your ass at Y-100.
You were a disgrace to the human race.
You're one of these little radio groupies
who has nothing else to do besides listening to jingles
and call up radio stations.
Why don't you do something constructive?
Like go out and sweep garbage.
Wait, hold on a second.
At least on my show, I've never played airsoft.
What show?
What show?
What show?
I'm working in Fort Myers.
What the hell are you calling over here for?
What the hell do you want?
You know, I spare time.
What else am I going to do?
Hey, I got news for.
I got several suggestions, okay?
But in your case, you don't have the equipment.
Neil, in this town, what do you want?
What do you want from us?
Besides calling you a joke.
Do it for Dave.
I'm a creation.
You're like another nightmare that came from that whole chapter of my life
with the Johnny Darks and the Johnny Rabbits
and all these out of work douchebags.
I have enough out of work, friends.
I don't need any new ones.
I'm not out of work.
Well, thank God for that.
Why don't you do some show prep now?
What time's your show on?
Uh, tomorrow.
It's good.
Well, good.
Get started ahead of time.
Get started now.
It's right out some one-liner, some three by five cards.
Well, you know, I don't have the Olympian in the world.
The Maddie Lips.
And he's the end to play on my show.
It's like you're playing half-time.
Well, here's what you got to play.
This show isn't based on bits.
I can go the whole week without playing any of those cards.
This isn't the bird filling in.
Neil.
This is a real radio show.
Al Goldstein, listen to this, sir.
Listen to this.
Al Goldstein says in this letter, and he says it.
The year-old.
Al Goldstein's a genius.
He says, I know you think I'm sucking up to you,
but I really meant it when I said you the best on air radio personality
in the United States.
Maybe even in the world, and I don't even want to borrow your satellite dish,
or money, or your dog.
I don't even like that.
But Al Goldstein.
From Al Goldstein.
That's why he's putting out a pornography thing.
Exactly.
Because he knows what this business is all about.
What do you know about radio?
You worked in Y100 Sweep in the floor for a couple of months.
What do you know about radio?
He worked with athletes, put a bunch of losers over there,
a Y100.
What do you know?
I am your expert.
I heard all I crap.
You were auditioned out to Joey on Saturday.
It was embarrassing.
Yeah, but these people don't want to hear about the business
that were in.
They want to hear about topics.
Neil, sir.
You are my ratings for the top.
I don't care about your ratings in Ford Pierce.
Who cares about your ratings?
Who's talking about ratings in Ford Pierce?
I'm them.
Yeah, you're what?
I'm them in the what?
I'm the number one.
I'm the number one.
It's not like one of Steve's callers now.
Well, you're like a Steve King reject.
Neil.
What?
Take a valiant break.
Why don't you give it a rest?
Neil.
As soon as we say your chronic, you immediately show up on the phone again,
like blind Mike, like Larry Kent.
Like Joy Martell.
All right.
Number one, Mark and Brian, a K-L-O-S.
Like Bob Martin.
Huh?
What?
Mark and Brian, K-L-S.
Don't start being a name dropper.
We already got one name dropper here.
Don't start that crap.
I don't have any idea who they are.
Number two, Howard Taylor.
What is that?
K-L-U's, K-L-U's.
No, it's K-L-O-S.
Number three would be you.
What?
Number three, what?
The top radio entertainers.
Oh, get out of here.
You're your cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
You're my cousin.
Who were you standing here?
You want a steamed old psychologist to not here.
Don't tell me I'm a gentleman.
I'm not a gentleman at all.
Who were you standing here?
I was sitting here sucking up to you like Joey did on Saturday
because he was desperate for a call.
Well, let's get nobody that talks toBlind Mike for five minutes
about Jingo's.
I mean, how good could that have been?
It was great.
It wasn't great.
It wasn't great.
It was just three.
It wasn't great.
It was almost as bad as your call.
What, what?
What, what's going on?
Nothing at all.
I'm just telling it like it is.
I'm not holding back anymore.
I'm starting to strike out for truth and honesty.
you know the first time i call believe that while it's important why one hundred
you said the following words and i quote
boy he's a breath of fresh air
you have a first time the first time a breath of fresh air which is just a joke
you took it seriously how many people in this market
of breath of fresh air i smell your breath
they came out to highlight me you can use some some uh... scope
i said i smelled your breath at highlight you can use a little scope couldn't
hurt
you and lester
at a lester comes up saturday at the track and he breathes right in your
face is mouth smells like
smells like he's been cleaning my backyard with his tongue
like mong
the worst
all right say goodbye day of the day but i say goodbye
say goodbye
say goodbye
ten thirty six
at wio d and listen i'm telling you it's not gonna not to do them not in a bad
mood i'm not a bad guy but the guy just needs to be uh... potty trained okay
like the guy net cart that was sucking around to be in the studio
he won't keep up with
all these chronic voices man it's just like and i don't want to start on
callers audience because uh... then i'll get accused of interfering
granny every morning at nine thirty it's granny the same to even bill says
how come you call every day at the same time it's like an alarm clock i don't
want to have an alarm clock on my radio unless i'm waking up to it
every morning at the same time she's on it she's about as exciting as met
a musul okay
give it a rest
give it a rest let's get some new people on the phone today okay
let's get some new in exciting and different and sensual and erotic people on
the phone today
some people who at least have some of the equipment not necessarily all of it
but at least a beginning something anything
so i'll have to be a little bit
and they come on give it a rest
and traveling mad and steve and this one and that one my god there's four
million people down here we talked to like the same fifteen people every god
damn day
when the hell are you people gonna get with it
it's ten thirty seven at w i o d we do have an opening indeed
w i o d
sure hold on place
it's ten thirty seven w i o d let's do a little break here melvin and we'll be
right back
i'll look at that i just dropped the uh... they can't they fight a new way to
package cd's i know we've talked about that for a long time these things these
plastic things they fall apart
and i just dropped donny osman on the floor and if you saw what's on that floor
now
like his parts have uh... spread all over the floor let me grab that one there
okay it's ten forty twenty two eleven and w i d we're not going to sit back and
take a lot of crap here today just because you know just because you think you
start out little mellow and mild
and let's call it a bug them okay stick it in your ear okay pal that's super
dav
your chronic you have the of all the audacity to call in this program and start
reading
other people's talent okay what you know about radio we could stick in a
thimble and have room for everybody that ever worked at w i o d left over
starting with mark pentat go kay
mark is in the truck right now there with jerry solven
with four hundred vc r's that they bought with them anyway let's go to uh...
pompano hello great uh i got a call yesterday from a nice lady she says we're
doing a survey what radio station you're with who is she with uh... i said i
know d and she said do you know what he plays your
uh... god are they still doing that crap she says plus no elevator music at
any time and i said i'll do it she said would you listen to that if we pay you
two hundred fifty two hundred fifty cash and you said how about five thousand
i said i'll do it young up on me yeah telling to put rich on the elevator and
just press the button to the top yeah i got a
i forget that call it yeah i forgot it
yeah i got a bother i wrote with a punches here i don't let any of these things
bother me i was in a little uh local nightclub the other night about eleven
thirty a night and uh... somebody walked up next to me at the bar and it was our
buddy Joey uh-huh and here a nice looking uh... twenty five year old guy with him
i want a thirty-roomers but you know i admit i don't i got news for you send a guy i know
this good i doctor send a young guy to the uh immediately over there okay yeah
he said uh... because i know joe joe don't have any money you know what's the age one now week
days i want what huh is he really doing that yeah he said call up me on top
on fire for them i'm on io dsad days and he said uh... tell them i'm
the age one week days he was mumbling something about that the day he was in here but i was just
trying to get him out yeah anyways everybody's amateurs down here that's right yeah okay i'd like
the big time like buffalo okay i think i'd call good luck here could be ed mcman okay
look at that couple of people in day dropped off already what is it is there something going on
that we don't know about is there like kia joe festival part three going on today
the hell is going on in date county last couple of days pretty interesting
seven five one nine four six three they must be out there collecting the rubber rafts down at the
bay that must be the big pastime today got a new influx of voters in date county
boy i can't stop eating it you know i didn't even want this
but it's delicious paul thanks all i want it was the orange juice okay see that's what happens to
all these uh... people are wonderful folks all the sponsors that great but they force feed you when
you say like not such big portions and not so much and they still they come in and then they stick
in front of your face and yesterday i was supposed to meet somebody for lunch and i went to one
place and he went to the other one so we never met which is probably just as well but the bottom
line is fat rich comes in here with the taco bell now he sticks in front of my nose i have no
willpower i can't resist i love taco bell a double beef burrito no less you think i can resist that
no way hoze no chance so i'm not going to blame other people for my gluttony but i just uh... i
wish they put the crap already here's a fact from somebody who's then i can ever read this name
oh i know what i wanted to ask is there anybody i'm not talking about like way up in uh
pombi county but is there anybody in date of brow who's cable company still gives him wg n
no truck says no you know i think you're wrong i think there's somewhere like in light house
pointer your some small cable companies one or two that might still have it because i'm thinking
about moving again i really am i know i've only been there two weeks but i know i'm going to have
to take that satellite dish down keep us game keep us game oh man that would be great i could live
over there with all those goyam that would be great i could live over by Virginia beach in just to
get my binoculars out and see what's going on over there the all of people getting busted on the
beach that would be a fighting wouldn't that yeah anyway notice the Alex moved into the grow boy
he's going to be sorry me man they'll be floating all over his uh... his complex it's ten to forty five
see uh... it's amazing when people come into town from out of town they have all these misconceptions
desperately miss and like he was talking about the grove is a little like the village and little like
something else i forget what i was
grove is just to make believe it's plastic and phony even though we are going to be there tomorrow and
we love all of our friend in the grove but it's uh... not what it's supposed to be
what is that all that's the cable thing thank you so much well let's see
let's see a c s but how do i know where these are all somebody will call in tell us
no it does it has it up here uh cable vision of florida cfl i thought that was a station in
chicago w c f l
c f l
what were the hell is it
w g m
come on it oh here does
yeah c f l and c st there are two cable companies that still have it
cable vision of florida
which is where
well well how come it isn't listed here how come it doesn't say where they are
somebody will call in and tell us and c st cable satellite associates which is in my
amy
that might be the one that's on keep us game okay some uh... nice folks some
desperate folks will call in and tell us i'm sure
point in beach
yeah i want to start a room and i hear god's them we can starting an hour
day next week
god yeah
i want them to go but there is one problem i hear he's juries
and a lot of people don't like that
up yours
moron
uh... we have an open line to have been day county 75 see what i mean about the
caller 7519463 now i know i know ilex don't take a lot of calls
uh... this advice from poppano
i need a
yeah i got the place where to move do you feel beat
i would be it out
you feel
i want to live with some people are alive sir not in a muscle and i put my
dish up i get everything that we need to get and no half of about the
dish it's quiet people leave your
long we need no hassles about a wise that because they don't know about it
that i have a
city i got a nice little permit
i'm not going to any more permits i'm not screwing around with these cities
okay i've got this umbrella this nobody can even see it it's a beautiful
patio umbrella
i got a couple of neighbors i hope that god sends a bullfrog lightning into
their living room and that poison frogs come running in
and puke all over their
sofo okay i'm telling you that i had no
a serious i hope there's just a big pool of
of frog poison all over their living room and they have to do a little
kazatski to step around it okay forever forever
forever
i'm gonna stay in that house just out of spite i'm gonna sneak out of my room
into the backyard and make gutter oil noises at three in the
morning to wake up my dog so they start barking at the top of their
lungs let me tell you about my neighbors who complained about my dish
they have a dog that doesn't bark in howls
all right
constantly howls and i'm gonna tell you as much as i love dog
looked at it and it's just the right size of my microwave
exactly the perfect size
hey screw them man
uh anyway they don't call up for a
talk about it what do you feel there's a place
by a dish no hassle okay i'll put the dish up there i'll just stay in the
house there you go you gotta have to run along
cord that's okay all right see you stay well
sounds like a guy who had his cord tied in deer field it's 1048 at wiod we
have an opening and date what and brownered
try to motivate these people out there today boy i can see all week long it's
gonna be like this i just have a premonition
and all those cackling if you come in the studio in the afternoon and i hope we
do have a nice lively studio on his brolyx every day don't make an ass out of
yourself okay stop with the cackling and the
chuckling it's it's embarrassing
every little word everything that's i mean give it a rest i mean wait till the
funny stuff comes like about two weeks it'll be great
it's ten forty nine at wiod we look at that phone man look at that just
psychotic wiod hi i'm asking to nail sure hold on place
wiod please do you sure hold on how come when i answer me no problem
elvin no problem that we got seven lines everything but palm beach
you just it's just beyond your grasp melvin let's face it it's just a little
bit too difficult for you to handle i'm gonna go back and start doing like i
did last couple of days i'm just when they ring i'm gonna no matter what
that even if it's somebody important like Paul Harvey Junior
we'll put him on hold and just get those lines that's the important thing here
we go look at this palm beach
that was good wiod okay line checker come on league do some show prep well
your baby showing badly do a little show prep call up steven york see what he
did today besides die palm beach
mogo and i got absolutely nothing is saying ill but i think okay thank you
sir good one say just leave it to me i'll take care of these palm beach
nail yeah i was reading the other come on come on it's so we got a break coming
up here chapter eleven don't comfy around like you don't know what's going
on get with it you got something important to say thank
greater 11 what you declared it lost on due
really yeah all that doesn't surprise me another one of steves winners
me neither yeah with that mouse meat fondue man it was fantastic went to the
original one over the weekend it's great as always the grower or the pod the
pod yeah but you meant the other place here they like to add me yeah well you know
there are a lot of imitators just like on the show you know people are rip off
our material like Janet Cowan but you know the original is always the best
okay have a great life thank you all needed okay ten fifty one at W.I.O.D. as
that channel seven's given us twenty or twenty five or twenty nine weekend
game but that's not enough I mean I you know you can't go from a hundred and
forty games or a hundred and fifty like I saw last year to twenty five and be
satisfied okay especially when Mike Balecki and Greg Maddox are pitching I
have to see every pitch okay let's do a little break Melvin let's cut the crap
on at what we did it all oh you did it all that one break well excuse me isn't
this fun now we don't have to interrupt with all those stupid promos W.I.O.D.
yeah the only station that has ninety second promos I've never heard of it we
do like two quarters of play by play in one promo it's amazing yes sir yes speak
didn't he just say I want to speak to Neil or my hallucinating hello okay let's
put him on hold okay I guess he's not prepared uh coral springs hello coral
springs that was on a vocal line you should have known better
bokeh that was killed by John yeah um dear field dear field hello yes sir I just
want to tell you I live in pomp and obese which is unincorporated brow just
west of pomp and obese yeah I got a satellite dish on a twenty foot pole and
nobody bothers me but you're on incorporated right right I didn't need any
permit to put it up good that's where I'm going I'll be there tomorrow I even
live in a homeowner's association I put a mistake at Nairio and they told me I
could go down to stick it that's the spirit I like now I got a question for you
yeah why is it that the CBS they they scramble the signal yeah a bunch of
bastards sir is that right that's right and you know what they didn't scramble
it in scramble most of them like on T uh T1 15 was the did you watch the uh
uh feed from the Super Bowl the other day now I just watched it on the
regulars uh you got a dish and you didn't watch the original feed on T1 15
it's clear as a bell well now you'll know I want to tell you one of the
thing what the lead you missed a lot of good stuff rent mouse burger head is a
finger up his nose all the way to his brain it was great yeah I love them in
between take it right let's book a cable vision gets WGM by the way yep
what am I watching the cup yeah he lives in I'm moving to bokeh he lives like just
right around 441 in sandal foot okay and they get they get WGM yeah I can
leave for work at about 6 30 in the morning yeah hey you know I'm my boss I
can I clearance pick me up in a plane my boss is a great hockey fan by the way
for the day of that great hey can I call my fellows Leafs are hot sir I call my
boss a douche bag sure Dennis your douche bag okay take it easy Neil see him
well right 1053 and WYOD Dave County hello hi I'm the
tape at the Codden I beg your pardon I want to talk about the Codden okay hold on one
second okay WYOD hold on oh boy an oldie but goody WYOD
Neil hold on yes okay I understand that weekday Cup games or weeknight
Cup games some of them are going to be on channel 39 also you serious yeah I
spoke to someone at 39 and they said they cut a deal with pick up the
GN feed oh the way they picked up the WOR feed like God it might not be as bad
there's everyone right so you'll be able to get the Cubs coming out of
coming out of my something yeah well listen maybe then it won't be so bad huh
yeah now how do we find out about that I guess we'll have to call channel 39
or somebody from over there who knows something will call us yeah maybe
someone will call him but are you sure you're not confusing this with the
channel seven thing on Sunday no because I knew about this before I read the
article in the Harold on Sunday oh that'll be great we got oh two
yeah they don't pick up all of G and feed just and everything down exactly why
don't they get with it why don't these people stop force feeding WTBS in
Atlanta with those thinking braves that make you depressed and manic even
if nothing else the movies on G and are always better than the movies on any
other channel yeah yeah GN's a great station they do they do like weeks where
they have like Alfred Hitchcock week or Kerry Grant week Clint Eastwood week they
have great movies and they've got the the bulls and the black Hawks I think and
maybe not the black holes but I got the bulls and they've got a lot of great
stuff on there and we're not getting it because Ted Turner is basically running
our lives I'm sick and tired of Ted Turner running my life okay colorizing my
life what TNT isn't all that bad but TVNT is P you like it once in a while
there's some good movies on a three in the morning that I put on the VCR and
get an old old comedies or something but I've never watched anything on TBS
except of course the braves yeah yeah and that's only for laughs I mean they got
the wrong they got skip carry we want Harry carry right exactly wrong
Harry okay thanks for the info okay that's well that's promising huh maybe today
if nothing else we can get that all straightened out and I can figure out what
to do with my life because I love my new house man it it's just perfect it's
brand new got a nice yard that the dogs can go out and do lots of business in
and gotta look a little well Marcy knows he's been snooping around my house I
he better call it today too by the way Marcy who lives in my complex who called
yesterday I want to I don't know I must have been pretty slow I must have been in
the middle middle of eating that double beef burrito when she called because I
don't know how I missed out how does she know if she lives in the other part of
the complex that somebody was snooping around in my driveway looking inside the
Ferrari how does she know that unless she's right behind him snooping around
herself Marcy what the hell is going on there during the daytime I'm gonna hire
a a super spy to snoop around her and see what the hell is going on the daytime
they're probably having like lunch in my house and a little parties in a backyard
I wouldn't be surprised is people behind me that complain about the dish
doesn't somebody in a family work I mean this was going on in the middle of the
daytime so you figure you get it installed the daytime nobody's home the neighbors
don't see it the umbrella covers it up nobody knows not my luck they're both
home the husband and the wife and their bratty little kid they're all home in
the daytime looking out the window what's that what's that what do you do what are
they doing is he ready or is he buying that's another thing boy if you go into a
non-rental complex we're almost everybody owns and you're a renter you rent one
of the units from an owner man you were like the scum of the earth down here
man you're like you're an outcast you're a slime ball oh he's a renter he's
one of the any amazing part of it is those of us who read probably take better
care because we got a big security deposit that we'd like to get back at the end
of the lease but hey don't confuse them with the facts see always a
renter they got more excuses to hate people down here it's incredible oh look at
that Barker man he's got I bet you he's got a llama wig on that's the only thing
I've ever seen that was that same white color just like his puffy it's not
just regular white here it's puffy I think it's llama hair Bob wouldn't that be
something what a scandal that would be if it turned out he had a wig and it was
made from some kind of animal product can he have vegetarian by the way no is
anybody know his Bob Barker of vegetarian see I don't I doubt it he probably
isn't it's not in other words okay to eat it just don't wear it that's a
bottom line don't wear it Bob I think you're a hypocrite you're a wonderful
guy it's a great show but stop trying to be mr. activist okay you bore me to
death okay 1058 a W I O D a married with children's fiery port yeah how you
doing great yeah I was gonna talk about the show but you took too long maybe tomorrow
when I call you back good call sir you got a great sense of humor and with a
brain like yours you'll probably wind up living in deer field okay be a
perfect it would be a match made in heaven anyway we have an open line in a
Dinket County 751 W I O D well it sort of looks like how it's cheese but I'm not doing
well listen it's been a hell of an hour it's been a lot of fun being here I got
to get ready go home and do some show prep for the big remote tomorrow anyway
Henry's doing the news well that's pretty damn exciting okay any morning that
Henry is still standing erect at this hour well standing anyway that's quite
an accomplishment in his case Henry's got the big W I O D newscast will be back at
11.05 and speaking of erect Alex Bennett with Richard Thimmand the Thaftonone
and people from W L R N Bob Slade and Pre-Pew Best and Adolescent Pippelheads
from W K P X in Piper High will be here to talk new music and music radio and
it's really happened in man this afternoon from 2 to 6
W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale problem and he's trying to solve it on a tacky
low budget TV show he is a certified idiot this is the defendant he's managed to
keep his case out of a real court for years but today he'll be embarrassed in
front of millions of viewers he's a complete moron today it's another case of
moron versus idiot on the stupid people's court you people is down there
you're right we got a color half of the news so remember if you've got a real
legal problem take it into your own hands because anything's better than the
stupid people's court I'm a cup fan and a bud man and I trust you are too I
like the way that ended there it's 11.07 at W I O D hour number two on a very
traumatic Tuesday we have a facts from the Phantom Informer who says that the
rumors concerning GT are supposed format switch have been initiated by Bob
Rich at she who allegedly is grinding an extra large axe for Cox Broadcasting
also it says stay tuned on Monday morning for the Rose Folders show on Zeta
shocking the Rose Folders show I wonder when a Tim Williams show starts and the
Rick Edward show yeah that would be a good way to cut down their expenses because
they're probably their revenue is probably like next to nothing at this point so
they're just gonna cut back cut back cut it down and they just put all the
people in the building on the air maybe Spencer can get a show over there on the
weekend two open lines are both in brow the audience has been absolutely and
sufferable today we've got just dozens of important things going on they couldn't
give a damn less we have one open line in day two and brown word 751 W I O D
and day and five two four W I O D in brown word W I O D hello yeah Neil hold on W I
O D yeah I just be to Neil sure hold on yes a Neil yeah I heard you'll cut down
dear field earlier yeah I'm looking dear for all my life it's not so bad yeah
well you're under a hundred so you must be one of the minorities here right
well see I live hold on a second W I O D hello are you doing new hold on what
they live on the east side of federal highway it looks a little bit better over
there yeah well just stay on the east side of the tracks pal yeah because if you
go on the west side then you're running to cemetery village out there yeah that's it
we're all the Yenters you got it and all the all the little dialings are going to
play sunny get out of my way hold on W I O D hello yes I think you need to hear hold on
what they got my fucking I like this new format we don't talk to anybody we
just put them on hold yeah well that's way it goes it is that's a way to do it
well listen congratulations sir you're keeping dear field on the map well I
try okay good luck good luck to you hollis again next year here's a mobile
in Fort Lauderdale hello I know can you put me on hold sure okay let's go to a
traveling mad who heard his name mentioned earlier and immediately had to get
in his three or four cents are you doing now hold on a second W I O D hello hold
on yes how do you want mad well I first of all I think you would just get mad
and scream and hang up on me anyway without hearing me out why you don't call
this show well I'm I'm also sorry that I am a bill called a listener and I know
you don't have to be sorry to be a listener there's a difference between being a
listener and becoming a chronic character like granny who comes every morning at
the same time well I'm here to tell you but during the last two weeks I have
exactly called Mr. Calder show one yeah but for a while or you and what was that
moron's name that the Michael my buddy yeah yeah yeah that was your day that's
all I heard every single day well and you start to be about something after the
fact and it makes no sense it's just I never said it was supposed to make any
sense it what a pissed you off it came off well that's you know you can say it
on it you can't say it on Q.A.M. but you said over here we say we can say anything
here so we just got our life was renewed what I've been listening to bill mainly
for the very first day and it's excellent because of you and you know people
know he owes me a lot he was important and you got to find something bad in it
and tear them up a new ass and everything that's how I like that that's right
that's me I'm just a bad guy screw me ill yeah I don't understand
sound a little psychotic mad you saw you don't sound like the old jovial
chipper traveling mad well good that's the idea it's about time we shook some of
you people up a little bit just a back in the court of all Eastern damn attitude
of just in different toward the rest of mankind it's about time we shook you
up a little what about the chronic sickle your show we don't have any
good on the ground well he's not in a position to be ripping this show okay
well I'm sorry I support somebody I enjoy listening to oh listen to that oh
man so emotional are you gonna be all right yeah I'll make it today no thanks to
you how about tomorrow okay if I talk to Bill call Bill tomorrow between nine
and call him between nine and ten why you're going to be listening yeah all right I
will okay bye very upset we have an open line in Broward where traveling matches
solved off at five two four nine four six three five two four W I O D one and
date at seven five one this is just like Monday all over again W I O D
okay uh date county hello okay line checker and I hang up mark that down
Melvin line checker and I hang up let's let's do is that a K P X there ain't no
K E X Melvin even a cause he does the answer he gets it all all screwed up on
a monitor mobile and four lottery well that's because we figured you weren't
there on a vocal line yeah well I but I told you see I said I said let me hold
on I just gonna don't tell me I gotta say something here just relax don't be so
insecure now like traveling mad just relax no problem I have to tell you
something I think this show is the most disgusting this pickable show in the United
States of America but you know what I love it right I love the show that's why
you love it that's why I love it it's a it's a great show and you're doing a good
job Neil that's it okay I have to say and Martin to do it back well you're a hundred
no nine I don't think anybody was perfect but you got it all cornered today you
think I did all right yeah you did okay okay well I I won't call you again to
like tomorrow with two o'clock call me at two tomorrow call you to yeah okay
see you okay it's eleven fifteen to W.I.O.D. hello hey good night to Neil hold on wait a
minute are you mobile yeah hold on just a second okay we have a couple of
open lines in date seven five one nine four six three seven five one W.I.O.D.
hello yeah how you doing it is a model call him homeroves okay you're the last
mobile because I got to get that K.P. X. Listener on I want to hear about all
that pseudo intellectual music that those pimply-faced kids up there at
Piper play oh yeah I mean that you know every every old guy who comes in a town
from Stan right on down the list they all want to be like Mr. 13-year-old okay
they all want to be Mr. Hip with a Elvis Costello and all these other pseudo
intellectual pinhead groups yeah go ahead I'm sorry hey no time to get it off
your chest now I just want to ask you one question what do you think about
people from Cleveland well other than Mike Reneerie I think they should all go
back that's what I think yeah I got smashing around my one this morning really
in the car or like in my car yeah well people from Cleveland have got a
problem okay they're not used to driving on dry pavement yeah well they suck
Bernie Kostar makes me nauseous okay I agree there's a piece of anybody that
plays side saddle is suspect in my book okay okay have a great life so don't
do it again W I O D hello yeah okay all right let's get to that important call
now on eight okay now Melvin screwed up here I said K E X oh I well no I'm the
one that said K P X because what is K E X K E X it's the cart you just played at
the top of the top of the hour what are the 90 K E X where's that Portland oh
geez well who cares about that I mean that's not important that just happens to be
on the album here's the plant lady how you doing she just comes in very
quietly she's gonna put something poison on our plants well so let me ask you
question what does that mean why why do we care about that well you shouldn't
care about it and probably none your listening we don't the other this audience
today I'm gonna take just like Monday all over again I got forced thinking calls
on the board these people are just they're absolutely inseparable and plus we
never got any call about WGN on the on the cable I'm keep a skin or where the
how it is those two cable companies they're hopeless sir yeah they're out
to lunch this town is just every day is like a brand new day it you become
manic in this town you never know what to expect but in every little
uh... every little show that you do there's always something exciting yeah right
yeah so always something I look forward to yeah well clock I just I just thought
hey that was blown away if like I can get a tape of that and it like a Miami
radio station no chance no chance no how about it like when I go back to Portland if
I could pick up a whole bunch of jingles for you
dog great we love those jingles yeah we can do a jingles show on the weekend
we got a blind mic have his own show maybe that would keep them off the phone
and maybe that would keep uh... joy off the air come on now I'm sorry mistake
I'm sorry did you hear he shows Saturday no I didn't hear show and already you
want to get him off the air so I heard that it wasn't that bad it wasn't that
bad that's what his wife told me yeah he was looking to see and he got super
david blind mike heard all about it super david and did you hear him this
why I heard him this what the hell is his story whoever gave him a job on the
air like a man just this kid is like mr. little radio expert I hate those kind
of people those little experts in a talk about all the jingles and the ratings
and they don't know anything they haven't got any idea what they're talking
about yeah but that's what the show's all about and then when he said I was number
three in the country be behind joy Reynolds and Johnny dark that really took me
off oh my god but uh... yeah well now we're ripping people off the air
hey listen you can rip any but that's what this is all about sir that we got
our license renewed you can rip anybody you want okay I want no yes please
don't do it please let me do it are you gonna slander somebody now sir so we
have to wind up a litigation and go into court and have a lot of grief and
agony no like that here this guy has a comment on well don't mention him by
name just give me his initials like bs
not it he won't recognize the firm as a nation who's listening to who rich
grand is a douche bag well that's okay actually it's rich gun junior
rich junior he has a he has a dad actually named Richard
uh... well that's great your name was grunt you'd want to be junior two
okay grunt grunt oh i'm grunt junior
i would be happy
haha what a great name uh what a great phone call what a great call yeah what a
great life uh... get lost
twenty after eleven at w i'd advice on little a court do i sound a little
testy this morning no that's good
i was afraid i did but i it's okay
we have one open line in date county and they're not they couldn't care anything
about like i said i see i said i'm up for it i said you don't want to hear
about the satellite this again in the city of plantation
and about the cubs and about getting because they don't want to hear that not
interested in my problems they've heard all a million times in her second
time here and about it
they'd rather hear about traveling mad and how a psychotic and insecure he is
because his feelings have been wounded
because he's chronic
i'm not going to sit here and decide who can call i mean i can't even control
who calls this show much less the other shows in town
i'm just extending my opinion okay i'm just uh... exercising my right my
constitutional right
like that old fart that called Alex on saturday
i want to express my constitutional right you got to let me say whatever there's
nothing in a constitution about calling talk shows okay sir i'm very sorry
but it's not in there
we'll talk to whoever the hell we want and he'll like it
like i said it's your friendly station twenty one past eleven it's your
neighborly station
in south florida we just like your neighbors hostile and the vindictive
anyway i want to thank paul at bagels and company a hundred tenths and
biscayne for the delicious breakfast this morning very much unexpected don't do
it again
but see i asked for the orange juice which by the way is everything he said it
would be it's got the point this is joe willy name it and this is the i.o.d
the music giant from my any
haha
haha
hey that's not bad huh
pretty damn exciting i wonder what this one is
i have a dean marten this is still me then it by the way my name is Sammy Davis
junior i have a frank sonata this place right on the cause why you can't
mess it now frank says this is the place i think it's absolutely marvelous you heard
frank say it just listen to service six ten w i o d
the sound of the majority totally a so to choose the number one by the adult
majority of my any i think it's the greatest wingless radio station of my
any service six ten this leave the dial right there
yeah alright what a life studio audience would have gone nuts over that
wouldn't they they'd be squeal in twenty five past eleven a w i o d
day land mall
yeah i speak to plan hill yeah
uh... meal what do you want what a game what a game
you see that super boy huh yeah
well would you think about the first five minutes
twenty five after eleven at w i o d we have an opening in day seven five one nine four six three
go shopping done there so they need your money don't waste our time and we also have an opening in
palm beach if you're out of palm beach
it's a good way to get on immediately okay six five five w i o d
let's get some new fresh voices on today
like uh... ellis roobin
let's go to an ortho my b-b tello man this is exciting yeah
well speaking to my second favorite talk show host in the world right next to
rod rady well i revere the berk you know that but this is a true story i took a
bust a calamazoo uh... michigan one time uh... well you should have got off
let's go to uh... howl and they'll hello
i don't want to know that was more like it
i was just starting to say uh... i don't want to hear boring personal stories
okay the audience is not interested they don't even want to hear about my
satellite dish they've heard about it fifty thousand times in your call to
tell me you got on a bus to calamazoo not interested sir
we're going to be more selective that's one thing that i have to apologize for
i've let a lot of boring people over the years go on much too long okay
much too long
have some of those whatever's in there okay get it out of here because it's too
much and i got a headache already
i told i told tom dennenberg i can't there certain things that i can't eat
they give me a headache i'm allergic to the
gluten or something that they put in certain things i told him that
and he just won't stop he just won't shut the faucet off okay
something to shut his faucet off pretty soon if he doesn't cut the crap
all i say i'm not going to read that here's a uh...
all book a call it actually relates to something we've been talking about i
hope it still there hello
yeah okay
i got a listing of all the cable companies in palm beach
and they're only two well i'm not going to palm beach you think i'm moving to
palm beach
bokeh
all get out
it's lovely i think we're the station is the station is in Miami as it is i
have a forty five minute drive to work every morning and it's the driver's
getting worse every day because of the construction it's like a nightmare
you take a great home in it's no big deal yeah
yeah
and everywhere i go
the irauga show the irauga yeah well they don't call i'll tell you that they
don't want to speak to us they just want to listen they don't want to play the
game you know you can't take a compliment
you want so good you just don't you don't realize it
i know how good i am sir on the best of that the greatest
even more far from like that if i had a brain i wouldn't be sitting here in this
unfriendly godforsaken town where your neighbors just want to make your life
as miserable as they can
it's not that they won't look down on you
yeah boy if i got a friendly complex i just moved into man you'd even if you
drive into the place they look at you like your uh... axe murder or something
uh... man you make it take a bite
hey tell colman to bug off okay tell colman to quit with these stupid to tell him
no
that sales department man they take more years off of our lives
and you love it you would know i don't know i don't love it i can't stand some
of those people back there they just morons
well we can't ask you the same question over an over an a pest of you and
noji you and bobby just go out and sell a show colman and stop bugging me
how much they want to hear and that's a good okay well be there this afternoon
colman go down there and wait
and hold your breath that's a good idea sir you read
that's it that's it
me oh thank you very much are not going well at the tree have a great day
okay
what a joint huh
god they have a good any more clue what's going on in this place
twenty nine past eleven at w i o d we have an opening in brown or five two four
and the bokeh and pop beach
nothing very very very surprising to his day man you people really out you know
it's one thing guy calls up and he says everywhere i go
everywhere i go there listening they got it on their lap in their puking there
but boy we pump these numbers and pump these numbers we can't just eight
stinking lines i'm telling you if we had a hundred lines they should never be
unlit any of them
that's what a great service we're doing for this community and you people don't
you don't care
you just don't care you take things for granted and then one day you wake up and
all of a sudden paul is back
all i wonder what happened to that fat guy that you still he was kind of
uh... mushing
bokeh
what
what
now what the hell was that were you on with him
well he panicked are you there
bokeh
yes you that was a cranking as soon as i came on boy he just uh... left out like a
bad out of hell who the hell are you kidding sir
you may full melvin for a second or two but you're not going to pull the
wool over this guy w i o d hello
bokeh
yes see
if you would answer and he'll speak to the different they come on here
made some kind of grotesque sound
w i o d
yeah what about the harvey from kennel as a real
chronic
harvey of kennel or harvey from kennel
of the one who's voice for the crack
yeah i know
i know harvey from kennel
you know he's been calling john moana and sport
all he's got to have somewhere he's got to have an outlet for his chronicness
somewhere
he's fucked up to jl ros last night
uh... he he is
all by the way i don't want to start ripping jamandage but for i did you hear
the crap he was coming out with last night on sports talk
man i'm telling i have met some guys who are full of it i think too many
showers with the guys i think it's affected his mind
he was ripping the crap out of l way and out of the brachos and how they didn't
even show up and they didn't compete
you know i'll tell you that you know something if the dolphins would have
played the game and would have been ninety nine to three instead of fifty five
to ten he would have said well any other team in the league would have done
the same in the a fc because the san francisco just dominates their awesome
you know but but because it was denver he ripped them up one side down the
other he ripped l way what the hell does he want
i don't know the forty nine years of the class of the league why doesn't he
give him some credit
that's exactly true and he was pseudo intellectualizing and all this other crap
why don't you just tell like it is in stoppage and why don't you cut the crap
yeah he's a good guy that i like manage
anybody who was eighty eight on his back
anybody who went to michigan can't be all good
well that's that's pretty good he went to michigan he's a wool for
reen okay does that tell you why he's going through this midlife crisis now
that's not a lot plus working here at w.w.w.a.d. with zagaki man it's had an
effect on him it's just he never be the same again that would do it for me
but insecure but the cubs that's what that's what the exciting thing now you're
talking about actually on thirty nine and on how come we don't have any
information on that
and someone you have uh... why don't we have nick call up channel thirty nine
and get some uh... he's not doing anything in there he's uh... out of he's out
of supplies we can't be doing any deals today
yeah nick why don't you do it i looked in the room there it's empty
i'm telling you do you think i'm telling you how do you think that guy make
he drives a brand new porridge
of nick
nick
yeah he comes to work at a brand new porridge with two chicks on his arm i never
see anything like it in my life he lives in the the grove and his big
uh... twenty five hundred dollar a month the police all house
with a big hat and a feather exactly
what what what can we do and the porches yellow
yellow port yeah
we call it the pimple mobile
like stanley co-ins old civility used to drive at i and z used to have this big
disgusting yellow civill used to call it the pimple bill
which Stanley co-inner we talk to you used to be the manager at i and z before
they fired his stupid ass
not to not the one who murdered that no but uh... i think there's a similarity
there somewhere well listen have a wonderful day of an okay in our book
okay grace here
and i see there's a call or he's uh... he just kind of went with a flow now what
what's the story with thirty nine you can have him call
i'd like to find out sometime between now and poor ok i would be really nice if
we could do that
uh... we have an open line in bokeh at two seven eight nine four six three w i
o d
yeah okay same do you see that's that same jerk who keeps thinking you're going
don't answer the bokeh line melvin at all
i'll answer it every time
w i o d
yeah
uh... but it's got to be my buddy's on the didn't uh... get the dick tape
get what
the dick tape you know bring in that it's at home the dick pertin tape sir don't
try to pull that kind of language on me now
not a good day so far i'm having a great day i'm having more fun today than
i've had in years
this is the kind of show i enjoyed doing
i'm ready to get a life again good start now
twenty six till noon at w i o d we have an opening in bokeh don't
answer it
remember what i said do not answer it
w i o d
boy what a day monday was
was it
it was a horrible day for what
all for me
why what happened
my husband and up going to the hospital with what
uh... he got into a constant accident as job
and he's gonna be fine but in my girlfriend was good day to find
he's gonna be fine
all
uh... my girlfriend also gave birth to her baby yesterday
uh...
there isn't any connection between uh... your husband's accident in the
girlfriend's baby is there i don't think i want to get to personal but i
would be kind of interesting
i don't think so i'm kind of stuff our audience can think they're teapot
i don't know from a glass
i just want to say that um... you kept me saying yesterday and i appreciate it
we had a pretty good show for monday yesterday
it was pretty good it was okay
it's been going off the deep end and i appreciate it
so how great that you too i'll get better
by it's eleven thirty five w i would be bokeh and pop beach
nothing
we now what are we gonna do we're gonna take one more break
one more okay well let's
hold it off
let's do like break is interrupted
bokeh two more
bokeh
yeah
hold on hold on
okay let's do it now i thought it was only one more so if you're on that
the gentleman it's on hold are you there
still here okay don't feel bad but i just the melvin screwed me up i know you're
lovely
no i won't go back for your tool
okay it's twenty five till noon at w i d will be right back
the like this is joe willy name it and this is w i o d the music giant from
my amie
where we play the best music
it's twenty three till noon and let's go back to bokeh because i promised
right
you promise right i just called w w d z l
great well we can't get nick to do it so i'm glad you do it's gonna be four or
five weeks before they make a decision
oh they said they've had five or six calls already all listen don't let
everybody call channel is a thirty nine thirty nine you want to phone number
please
um
please
nine two five
three nine three nine
nine wait a minute i wish i had a pen at right nine two five
three nine three nine three nine well that's clever uh w d z l
great we'll get all the cubs fans to call and beg be nice call and plead and beg
with them and say we'll go we'll watch thirty nine all day even if we don't
mean it
well melvin says it's nine four nine thirty nine hundred is that a
brown number you gave me
i gave you a yes
polywood number or a nine four nine thirty nine hundred and
did
and nine two five thirty nine thirty nine in the brower thank you you're welcome
your great american sir
uh why don't i put him on hold just a second
who's that on a bat line is that an order oh that's an order
uh a little personal call air for melvin w i o d
right here
okay hold on
um
uh
uh uh
okay call up channel thirty nine please bombard them day you jim tell them
that we will send them
uh
free food i mean anything if they'll put the cubs on the more games the
merrier please were begging you
i mean i will i'll just show for thirty nine until uh until i just can't speak
anymore if they'll give me the cubs because i know that the satellite is
going to be history like this week probably like any day it's going to be
uh because i'm i'm sick and tired of it i'm fed up with it i'm tired of fighting
city hall i'm tired of fighting homeowners associations and rotten
filthy stupid nasty neighbors i'm sick of it
nine two five thirty nine thirty nine and broward nine four nine thirty nine
hundred and dade like i said be real nice be gentle be kind big and plead and say
anything that they want to hear lie a lot if that's what it takes to get the cubs okay
please okay let's go to a mobile in Miami are you still there
Neil yeah how you doing first time call it a long time list fabulous sir thank god for you
in uh... inventory area living the bay club and uh... they have w g n on the
cable system in there it happened sure yeah called the sunshine television cable
uh... and uh... i don't think i'd fit in an avenue to you well it's a kind of
where you are in a venture uh-huh yeah most of the time you got the uh-hats there
oh boy and the area where i live it's called the bay club it's uh mostly people in
the gay club the bay the bay club the a y
huh and uh... they have uh... the cable there and it's w g n
well what is it it's apartments yeah department rentals uh... it's a brand new building about a
year old you know really have the blue hairs in there no dogs huh no dogs good now give me a good
excuse there you go okay thanks a lot you're welcome okay the bay club in
aventura i'd be great at aventura could go to the uh-ventura mall all the time and hang out
and watch all those funny they got the ugliest people in them all even the young people at
aventura are ugly i don't know what that's all about
remember we talked about that like a year or two ago maybe they've got a new crowd man
did they still have that place the uh-salad place the seasons
where you buy the salad by the pound it's real expensive but it's good
and you go through the line and then you watch all the old people bitch when they get to the check out
that'll be a ten dollars and fifty cents ten dollars i've been there i can't afford that
my cd is rolling over like my husband uh... w-y-o-d hello
yeah yeah are you not screening calls what do you mean i thought i'd get well
melvin zonna fall with channel thirty nine he's tried to be a little productive today which is
unusual for him but he's tried to uh... get some information well this will keep this game
and the cable out here is a delphium yeah and there's no gn no w's so they give me a bunch of
credible thank god for that because i don't want to live with all goyam you know i'd like to have at
least one or two Jews around just to make me feel safe well they don't speak of the english out
here too much now but the the plus side here is uh... it's not incorporated
you can put a dish up if you get a house
kimaskin is on incorporated date yes
yes are you serious i'm serious as i would be close to work to win it
yeah it would be close to work but like i say it's uh... not too heavy on the
english i don't care about that
but you know it's the kubans love me man they love me
uh... this from a distance
uh... on the comicals how did you are you going to total that up at the end of the
month or what seventy four thousand two hundred dollars as of this uh... sitting
that right that yeah that wonderful
i mean that may leave a few cents off but that's that's it
great uh...
the person tape somebody send you a tape from uh... well it's a uh... it's a
cassette that he puts out for children's hospital it's similar to what we do only
it's much more professionally done with his picture in a high i shouldn't say that
but uh... yet's got some hysterical seven i left it home i'll bring it into
maro i promise that'll be great that'll be got some funny stuff on air to kill
some good
oh no i can't do it tomorrow the marz the remote
uh... there's there's that you know speaking of the remote i was your
uh... spectre mode there uh... on this game and what that uh... where was that
hundred and uh... twenty-fifth
it was i had a tough time trying to you know even looking down and trying to see
anybody inside there's like everybody that was packed well really be packed
tomorrow because we're got the food bodies is given food to the first three
hundred people so you know every snow in the world is going to be there tomorrow
about some of some kind of stage where you're kind of like eleven you know i
like being low
you know
well way down in fact uh... with the with the false floor in here so you press
a button and get out real quick
great
it'll be okay
out of material i hope i can find it
it's really easy to find it's uh... you've been down coconut grow but doesn't
neglect the growth
yeah in that four hundred thousand dollar house uh... i get lost in the
girl but that would said you go down to see the seventeenth
have any make a left
right and you just go and then good take that down to be sure and make a right
on the short right on the shore
he said go straight i thought that was a little unusual in the growth
have a great day thank you okay
it's eleven forty three a w i t here's the a straight poop now channel seven will
be doing the cup sunday games twenty to twenty nine games
thirty nine
will not
what
they're negotiating with other companies for other
teams
they're not doing the cubs
well i got a said channel thirty nine i think you people suck
okay
is that definite
so said don't waste your phone calls okay it'll be just a lot of waste of
effort and you don't want to waste the time
channel thirty nine makes me sick
why can't we just get g in on the cable i mean i know we can't even get sports
channel on the cable why can't we get w g and get rid of tbs okay
god i don't i don't want to turn her running my life i want to see the god damn
cubs okay
and i guarantee there are a hell of a lot more people even people don't like the
cubs would rather see the cub games and see the stinking braves the morbid
horrendous boring
tragic pathetic braves
well that's really exciting when it gets down to about look at that there's a
but a bunch of satellite dishes on there what is that about on the channel of
ten what is that
boy having this tv said here freaks me out
well how about here we have the big satellite this shot there can't we get gn
why not
why not
set up the tv in the conference room and i can watch the afternoon games in here
and go home and rush our traffic at about five thirty that would be great
or i could tape them i could pop a tape in the thing there
i don't but that's no good i don't want to watch a game after i know what the
score is that man that's boring is hell i would be better than nothing though
people to see the highlights and skip through all the boring stuff when
rick studcliffe's pitching it's eleven forty five at w i o d we have an opening
in date county seven five one nine four six three what happened to our k p x
callers
there nobody nobody listens to k p x don't believe when stand comes on
don't believe when he tells you you know he listens to k p x he don't even
know where it is on the dial okay he's it's just he's trying to be like a
like Alex you know these old guys like i said they want to be hip and in
hey man we're doing we want to hear all that uh mumbo jumbo on k p x that
stuff that nobody ever heard of before w i o d
i like to talk to you sure hold on please why can't everybody have good musical
taste like me okay i mean like act your own age
already okay step try to be mr hip mr happening
mr in
that's where it's at let's wouch
music for people with loose gums
music
oh i'm gonna have to stand up roger when you quit putting stuff back where it belongs
where is that
music
okay ladies and gentlemen let's hear it for Liz well
for a lot of pressure here today a lot of pressure building up i can tell we're gonna have
some way of a day out there tomorrow it's specs 10 to 2 down in the grove and you'll see me driving
around trying to find my way down there it's 13 till noon at w i o d and we'll be right back
your six pound w
i believe what you're saying when you say it on stage is nobody else for me
okay it's 11 50 10 till noon at w i d so that that's my taste i'm an old guy okay that's i mean
some of the stuff today i like not too much of it but i'm not gonna come on and pretend that i
mr hip and mr cool because i'm not i'm an old guy and getting older every minute on this show
poppano poppano this sir i just want to call you'll get us a today either at the stage we
sure do we have it right here okay i'll just wonder if you notice they have the spread on the
land they're gonna do a different team each day i think i don't have the cubs on the fifth oh yeah
yeah i saw that you mean in the paper they don't do a little thing yeah it's all spread out
the farm bugs and everything else i thought you might want to know well let's just hope these
jerks don't go on strike that's all i can say i mean i know they're only making two three four
million a year but they'll have to make do with it you know we can't do any more for them
bro it okay i thought i just want to make sure he wouldn't miss the cubs spread
for more for that some Monday thanks joy fuck don't call me surely it's 11 51 at w i o d we have
an opening in brown or five two four nine four six three let's bring back the surely Peter show
ladies and gentlemen here we go come on let's do that timidest stuff i'd like to see surely
on with al goldstein with happy gray book oh that would be cool if i so we could never fit him
in the same studio that would be disgusting now surely look good remember when she filled
up with steve that day so few months ago she looked really good not not slim but she looked good
fort lauderdale hello i don't know neal yeah uh what's the problem with kpx what's the problem with it
yeah you don't like the music i never heard of any of that music and i don't ever want to hear it
again but it's not for me so it's not a problem there isn't any problem because it's not for me
it's for pre-pute acid proof it's for little kids but at least it's different than everything you hear
well that's right that's right so would so would Liz Welch be different from everything you hear you know
right i don't know about that what did you go to pipe or hire something no i just listened to the station
right how old are you how old do you think 19 out 25 25 20 odd 24 see yeah you're right pretty soon
will be 22 you have Alex Bennett syndrome so you're getting younger by the minute well he don't
he will find out today and he'll be just salivating all over because he's into that to the remote
that's all he talks about is the Ramones and Elvis Costello and Luke Costello and Bud Abbott
and he just to heavy into that which is fine you know they have the best found in the view because
pretty soon at the rate he's going he's going to be about 17 it'll be perfect it will kpx has
the best talent for DJ oh come on will you get serious they've got a bunch of people he faced little
braddy kids over there at kpx there are a bunch of little brats but they have a day they're like
super they're like the super day of high school they haven't excuse though they're not pros like
herman and McLean well who's the yeah pros well you're really getting carried away aren't you
probably get paid you know well okay sure don't give it a chance to you okay 88.7 right
five 88 what 88.5 what's five like the median demographic your new music leader is that what
you call themselves your new music leader that's cute that's really cute yeah no doubt is that
kids Steve still working over there the one with a crappy attitude I don't know they're
they really tick me off when I was unzated do you remember it all or who's that at night time Tom
Roberts who's that Tom Roberts was from kpx well he used to do Sunday morning well everybody's
been on zeta man and millions he must work for nothing I guess if rose folder is going to be doing
morning starting Monday what does that tell you maybe you ought to apply for a job over there you
want to be a dish jockey I'm thinking about call up Pete Bolder man if you work cheap he'll put
you on right now I do good at weddings do you yeah well that's good are you married yes I am well
how did you do it your own wedding all right you all right but uh we we we're gonna honeymoon
no hi that's what I heard week on the honeymoon yeah well listen practice makes perfect have a great
day okay yeah well I like his refreshing honesty okay sir you were a breath of fresh air how do
you like that huh stick that in your pipe and tutored it six minutes till noon at w i hope
I think somebody put something in my oh j this morning okay I don't like all those initials I
real nervous when you start with a lot of initials you know let's go to Miami hello Miami
keep the bird okay uh let's go to north Miami hello hello Neil took him like about four seconds to
come up with his ad lib yes that's a good question boy if I ever come up with the answer to that
I'll reveal it right here on the year so what's the deal they're not going to show the cubs on
now is the guy they were evidently negotiating and it didn't work out so now they're trying to find
some others some safety what on why is that I think that's great because they show the Yankees already
who the hell wants to see the Yankees Yankees are the world's class is
yeah well you must have the same thing in your orange use this morning that I had
hey look what are you drinking now tropical gem I'm drinking uh fresh from uh tropical gem it is
tropical you're right that's the name on a tropical gem my friend owns that company tropical juice
company no water no sugar no preservatives no nothing but it's delicious and it's got that pulp
in there it's fresh quoes oh I know that fresh quoes better watch it I know there's nothing like
fresh quoes have a great day sir all right buddy and don't forget Georgetown Brenner still a douchebag
it's 11 and I don't care if Alan Finkelson doesn't like it he just can't stand the truth right
I'm going up there to pop it on one night this week just a bust his chops about his douchebag buddy George
Steinbrenner I'm so sick and tired of the Ted Turner's and George Steinbrenners how come they don't
have a little class like any debartolo from the 49ers okay do you see when they spilled the stuff
on him and he said you know and then he went whoops whoops that seems to be the new thing on TV
now everybody's using four letter words I go whoops whoops are we live is that the yeah they're all
let's face it you take away the white shirt and the tie and they're all like axle douchebag they're
axle rose rod whatever his name is from a guns and roses they're all a sand they're all but just
slabs let's go to a pebrik pine hello I want my cigarette okay we'll send it right over in a brown
paper bag let's go to coralsprings hello hey great call it was good excellent call I can get out
of my body music from kukus nest oh yeah it gets my bowels to move in let me tell you yeah it's
good hey listen when you live in soft florida that's a plus Alex Bennett's fireport I was I wait
and let hold on one second let me get the cuz I actually found it right away which is a miracle
left for the lady who called or who whatever that was in the previous call
okay go ahead I was thinking in Alex Bennett's window and he was coming out of the bathroom and he had
a whole crowd following me as a studio audience no matter where he goes interesting how different
parts of your call all seem to fit in together I got a cure for your cup thing why don't you start your
own TV station yeah okay panel six nine that's going to be on her immediately if not sooner
you're Gilligan's island yeah we can cymbal cash wkpx in the afternoon for all those little pimpley
face kids it can't get it on their radios yeah you get the new Brady show that's coming on
oh really he's that Steve Brady no it's the the new Brady bunch really yeah they're all old and
ugly sir we don't want to see them anymore they were young enough that's true all right gotta go
have a great life this is Joe willy name it and this is the IOD the music giant from Miami
where we play the best hits all the time and we play them the way you like them right Joe
right wellie how'd you like that last play of the game Joe boy he makes me nauseous man I'm
telling you that seems to be the new prerequisite for doing color on the TV on any kind of sporting
event is that you have to have some kind of a speech quaggle like Bob Coosie hey well well if you
ever heard Coosie speak he can't speak at all he has the trouble with the letter R and the only
problem is that almost now Boston Celtic I admit there are no R's in Boston Celtic I like to see
him doing the New York angels blinds he's got a thing man he's got the strangest speech quaggle
that I've ever heard in my life and he's on something he's on something on one of those channels
that I am presently seeing but probably won't in a couple of days but I know you don't care you don't
give a damn what's going to happen during baseball season when you miss all those exciting reports
the following day on the game will all be in the dark together as Johnny would say Debra Martinez
who was in here sucking up some free breakfast earlier Debra's got the new WIOD news and then
we'll come back at 12.05 the Alex Benichel Richard Simmons oh boy probably grabbed somebody around
the neck and squeezed real tight and Bob Slade from WLRN Sudo Intellectual Radio and then a bunch
of Pippley faced kids from WKPX to teach us what real music is all about
now here's Neil Rogers our new song Radio 610 WIOD this is Joe really name it and this is
the IOD music giant from my
music
that that was not a talk up that was a clap up ladies and gentlemen a clap up get out of here
don't I'm telling you the guys so sensitive they all they not I just want to go on record I don't
who originated it yesterday was a funny bit Melvin Melvin did it Melvin did it Gary Melvin
but Alex is like a basket case already he's only been here a little over a week and he's already
a basket case he's very sensitive thin skinned and emotional and ball we should have his cable
by now so he should feel better but we can't do that every day I'm telling you the guy's
going to have a nervous breakdown he's going to think I'm picking on him and I'm not I think
he's wonderful I think his audience sucks but I think he's great don't start okay just lightly
or that's a very light one hand now we all set for today because I kept hearing yesterday Alex kept
saying me kept asking Nick in an incredulous fashion like he got to be about three or three 30
and we still had nobody for the audience have we got an audience for today no get a shot
that my cough get out seriously do we they may need you at two o'clock save the energy now
seriously do we have an audience for today no yes maybe not now listen we can't screw around
with this the guy came in here and he expects people to show up every day and we've got the
pizza lot he's sucking my spots is dry by the way of pizza loft is coming this afternoon with food
which is always outstanding so please if you're anywhere in the area please we beg you
to stop in on the Alex Bennett show a two and you can talk heavy duty music today you can talk
pretend like you know something but don't giggle and don't go whoa do that's oh man that's stuff
that studio audiences do because they feel that they're compelled to make jackasses out of themselves
oh god it just it just sends shivers up and down my spine thinking about what people will do man
especially if they're on television anyway let's go to lake worth speaking of ancient hello
Neil I got the ratings here on the back page of the opinion section of the Palm Beach post
if you want to hear him a good ratings for what the arbitrage for ratings for who
the different stations that come into Palm Beach County yeah okay this has here number one
w a t a m f m nineteen point two yeah that's swash that's elevator music number two w r m f
right right point five three j n w j n 0 six point seven four w h q t five point nine
five w i r k five point four six w o v v four point four four seven w s h e three point two
eight w k g r three point zero nine w n g s two point six and ten w h y i n w i o d two point three
yeah so uh uh happily spaces I never heard of because I'm out of a f i mean I'm a a m freak only
not a f i so there's a news to me yeah is it what I mean does any just I guess well I don't want to
interrupt you I don't want to be rubble we already Iran had done about a week ago when the
Palm Beach book came out oh but it figures the Palm Beach post they're always about a week behind
I agree who owns that is that a Cox paper yeah it is we own that Atlanta well that's probably where
they got the information by way of us Atlanta Georgia yeah okay thanks me I think we ship the tape
over to uh Palm Beach thank you sir okay you okay for that repetitive crap it's 10 minutes past
noon at w i o d Palm Beach is open and available ladies and gentlemen at six five five w i o d don't
forget to come out now our live studio audience at specs tomorrow in the grove we could have some
fun with them good way because we're going to be giving out a lot of tremendous amount of free food
from monies 300 gourmet meals or whatever the hell it is w i o d yes can speak with me I'm sure no
problem hold on sir thank you shoe size ten okay uh ten minutes after twelve while we're going to
start asking some pretty personal stuff when you call I'm sick and tired of like a hollywood for
lauderdale and nobody cares where you're calling from but like if you had a uh twenty six inch
waist and you were sixty years old or something like that that'd be kind of interesting or if you had
a sixty inch waist and you were twenty six years old that could be a pretty intriguing too right
anyway here's a little question for you can you afford fordaw
haha
okay twelve thirteen at w i o d and let's go to hollywood hello hi hi we had a radio accident the other
night yes it was awesome hmm I had my son in the car with me and turned the radio turn the car on
and of course was on w i o d and little picky farful was on oh my god
with an eight year old in the car I was really you know I have to be really careful
can't give my name you know go be after me for child abuse but uh all of a sudden he starts
screaming and yelling at my son turns to me he sounds just like Donald Duck and I thought it was
very perceptive of the child well you've never seen him together at the same time have you
never never and then Sunday when we I turned the radio off
yes excellent excellent last part of last night's abbreviated show yeah when we got in the car on
my husband's car on Sunday he had the radio on and of course the son w i o d and little picky farful was on
a lot of accidents in that car you're is lady oh yeah it's bad he was complaining that he was having
trying to have a show where people would call in and rip them the only trouble is you have to have
an audience yeah that's true and the same three people kept calling them back all day
telling them how wonderfully was and isn't it amazing you know how stand used to spend hours having
a show where people could rip them and no one was calling him telling him how bad he was doing
well I wouldn't worry about it I hope not he's unbelievable yeah I wouldn't lose any sleep over it
you know what I mean I don't I think he does you will have a great day see you later okay that's
all I'm saying 12 15 at w i o d we have an opening inbroward at 524 accident 524 mishap and let's
go to Miami hello man the old my ear is wetting like a whore in church but anyway
what why call I've been holding for so long well that was a pretty interesting what is that like
a Tennessee Williams line or something what the hell is that I don't know I heard it in the heart
you've been reading some old earth can call well novels or something hold on a second now w i o d hello
yes we're going to send Neil some balloons tomorrow and I just want to know does he have a d in his
last name no r o g e r s right thank you thank you okay do you hear that yeah
Neil he's sending balloons so yes I'm talking to you okay okay so anyways I think you know the way
you've been didn't you hear it didn't you hear this guy who the guy it was just out of sending
balloons for tomorrow you seem like totally disinterested well that's nice that's real nice
you want to come by specs and maybe blow a few up but I get one sure okay but anyways um you've
been eating so much lately on the radio I know it sounds like I'm not getting any weight back though
just maybe maybe 60 80 pounds you're gonna have more chins than a Chinese phone book that's right
now don't press it that was so good you know it was really so excellent you can't outdo that
it was it was great okay um what else is I gonna tell you I don't know oh I know what it was
why your neighbors not like you said like this because my neighbors are yet to send training okay they're
just getting ready they're preparing for a life of inflicting misery on anybody that comes in their
path I know but is it like such an elite area that they don't really know not at all not at all it's
just like a um yuppie heaven you know it's not
