Oh, you are such a hoser, it's a bad look at a spilling stuff on the table. What's Mitch Ween gonna say when he sees the mess you're making air Mitch Lewis?
God!
You're worse than Jerry Lee Lewis. By the way save me one more of those okay,
I'm gonna have a thrill real fit in here because I have never seen such carrying on.
Look at that. This one's almost empty already. You people are a bunch of hosers in here okay?
That's pig to all you goyum. Thank you Andy.
Look at that we got four Jews all in here in the same room boy. I feel so much more comfortable now.
Oh, we need his Robbie Benson.
12 minutes past 11. What is he like 12 now?
Is he ever gonna grow up or what?
Is he got one of those like pre-pubic diseases where he looks like he's 12 until a day he dies? That's kind of embarrassing isn't it?
Anyway, you want a great attendant. What is, uh, look at that.
You've just given a look and you're like oh am I missing something? Well I got news for you honey. There's only two slices left
So don't think about it. Don't scratch your head. There's only two left. What?
What does that mean? Oh she's going over there. You don't have to worry about it. I'll have all the pizza in the world for us over there.
She's going over to Florida.
I'm gonna become the next case of the people versus...
I object, Mystic Kennedy. Yes, the trial hasn't begun yet.
Oh right. I knew that. Now in the matter of...
Full for a mistrial. Mystic Kennedy, sit down.
Sorry, now Councillor, you have your briefs with you. Uh, your honor, please the court. I am not wearing any underwear.
Please, Mystic Kennedy. Are you prepared to give your opening statement to the jury?
Okay. Well, uh, I'm pretty sure my guy didn't do it. Thank you.
Oh, Mystic, so, Coleman, do you have a question? Yes, now we've reached a verdict, your honor.
But we haven't heard any evidence yet.
Oh, that's okay. We find Mr. Kennedy not intelligent.
But very good looking.
1118 at W.I.O.D.
They're salad. There's pizza. Just everybody, uh, have a great time.
Boy, I've never seen such a psychosis. Was that faster? I'm not talking about you.
Do I have to go through this mood thing with you every day, Cheryl? Just take the goddamn pizza and cut the crap.
Anyway, we hope you're having a nice day.
Every day she comes in here with this mood. If you don't look at her just right, she's like moody and looking at my...
I think her mom oughta slap the crap out of her, okay? It's too late.
If I was your son, I'd run away from home.
Anyway, let's take a call. And how good North Miami be on one? W.I.O.D. you're not North Miami, are you? No.
Of course not. Well, you'd rather be in North Miami, though, wouldn't you? Probably.
Be honest with me. I will. Okay.
Do you ever, um, good, hampathy, Santa Barbara?
Um, maybe a few minutes here and there over the years.
Oh, you know who was in there last week? Kelly Craig.
Kelly Craig from Channel 4 News? Yes, sir.
Are you serial? Yeah, I can play the nurse for a couple of days.
You mean it was like a current like she's doing it now?
Like, it was, it showed, I don't know how long they filmed it, but it showed about...
I was able to week in a half ago.
Incredible. Isn't that funny? We better check that out. You do that.
I love Kelly Craig. I know. I thought I just like.
Oh, I see.
And she's cute as a bug and she can read the news and she's great.
I know. And she's their profession and excellent, although I will say at six o'clock,
I do turn over to Channel 6 and watch it, Giselle and John.
Oh, I like Channel 6. Yeah.
So, well...
The only thing is my set kind of like vibrates when Dave Game comes on.
The whole set starts shaking and tilting and trying to adjust, you know, center the picture. It's impossible.
Oh, you know what he reminds me of?
Um, you watch that movie, the big one.
The big one? Yeah.
The big one? Yeah. But that John Holmes movie, yeah, I saw that.
Oh, that, that news reporter guy.
I remember when he came on the phone, I'm on the phone.
On the television. I get thinking, oh, first Channel 6.
Channel 6. Channel 7 or Channel 6, sir.
Whatever it is. Oh, he was terrible.
Well, listen, have a wonderful day.
Well, you too. And a great life.
And have a nice afternoon. And thanks for the memory.
All righty, so long. 21 after 11. Now, is this Bill Tanner?
So, we went from a 3-3 or a 3-5 to a 3-...
We have an open line in Palm Beach. Now, that's just pathetic, isn't it?
The Mr. G. I hope somebody goes up there and takes their laundry and wraps it around his neck.
In fact, that's one of the things they did in this movie mortal passion.
After they killed this, uh, the wife's boyfriend, they stuffed him in a big, um, plastic garbage bag.
And they buried him under the backyard under the, uh, thing.
Certainly something to think about, Mr. G.
We have an open line in Broward. Look at that. 524, we're all dead up here.
But spring breaks coming back. Isn't that a laugh?
I keep reading these articles in the Sun Sentinel now every day about that thing.
Well, maybe it wasn't such a good idea to get rid of those kids. Let's bring them back. We really like you, you know?
Yeah, that's what this town always does. They chase everybody out.
They have no alternative, no game plan. All they know is they don't like whoever is here.
How come they don't chase the damn Canadians out? They're French Canadians.
The only thing they bring us here is like, uh, heartburn.
They don't spend a damn dime. They clog up the road.
They run around, but they sound like they're constipated for life.
Get rid of them.
But now they think the kids are going to come flocking back to beautiful Fort Lauderdale
so they can see all those 150-year-old people out there with their rockers and their walkers.
Okay? Get serious.
Here's a mobile on a star line.
Are they both from Spain?
See, we. See, we.
We got 595 in David.
We're going to the media and right here. Hello, boys.
Okay. You know who that was, don't you?
He's starting to get out my nerves again, too. Now that was Woody.
You're getting on my nerves again, Woody. You're okay like once a week, but you're out of control.
What is wrong with these chronics? What is their problem?
They need a mental institution for chronics like Mr. G and Woody.
Mr. G, he wouldn't even, once a year, would be good for him.
But what is the problem with these people that just can't put a lid on it?
Market is up 13 points. Look at that.
I'd go out and start buying like crazy.
W-I-O-D, Georgia's Psychotic.
How you doing?
I'm calling from the airport on the mobile.
It's just got back into town.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, I want to talk to Neil.
You're speaking to Neil, sir. Get with it.
Take a couple of doggy uppers and get with the program. Come on.
Hey, jet lag. Neil, you came in from New York.
Yeah, that's what we view bank head.
You know, your friend Howard Stern mentioned you yesterday.
Yeah, I'll bet.
How he said that?
Howard Stern don't know me from Moishi Pupico.
No, he did mention he said you wanted a better tower.
Yeah, Howard said that.
Sir, come on.
Not how he would never say that. He hates me like, please.
How are you robbing both of them?
Really?
Really?
Maybe I can do mid days on K-Rock.
That was on my way to the cemetery yesterday.
You know, we had him tuned in and that was it.
Yeah.
Anyway, how he's liked how he allowed you know, especially is here.
I'd like to just run my fingers through his hair.
It looks like that guy in the, what is it?
Twisted his butt.
Twisted his vest there, yeah.
Anyway, wish me happy birthday.
Neil's just got back in the town.
Happy birthday, sir.
Thank you.
I'm going to cheer up a little bit.
I am. How we did say that about you.
Well, that's great.
You must be going through change your life.
Okay. Now you take care, Beth.
See you.
Bye.
Wow. Howard Stern and Dick Summer and Dick Burton,
all the major talent in America.
Loves the Neil Rogers show, okay?
But you know the one that I'm proudest of of all of those people in America,
the one that I'm proudest who loves this show.
Hi, this is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
My number one fan loves me.
But don't get too close, Larry.
Do you know that they said on CNN yesterday they were doing the story about his latest
break up and his impending divorce.
They said that this is his sixth wife, six.
You know what Angie Dickinson said?
She said if you close your eyes and take a lot of volume, Larry's not so bad.
Especially if it kicks in just at the right time.
It's 11.30.
And now seriously, stop and think about it.
I mean, let's face it, most of us are not the beauty pods, okay?
But just imagine waking up next to that to a lump of skin and bones.
With that big thing sticking up under the cover and of course,
as she pulls it up and much towards her grin, it's his nose.
Here's a pay phone and Fort Lauderdale.
Hey Neil.
Yeah.
I got a beauty for you.
I got an excellent tick report from these douche bags down in Miami.
You ready for this one?
Okay.
I go down and get a dollar sticker for tonight for a heat game.
I'm coming down to A Street and I run a red light by mail.
Yeah.
This cop pulls me over.
I don't blame him.
He should have thrown your ass in a slimer, put you in Rayford.
Well, that should be the right answer.
Right in the chair, pal.
Okay, so listen.
Yeah.
Stand on behind my car.
He's writing them, check it up.
And you know just about maybe 10, 15 minutes ago before when you were yelling and screaming about the girl wanting to eat the pizza,
or kitchen, run away from her or all this other crap.
He should.
Okay.
He says, I want you to turn that radio off right now.
That obscene bastard right there.
I don't want to listen to.
Hey, pal.
I'll go back and stand at your car right there, ticket.
I'm listening to Ray.
Wait a minute.
He called me an obscene bastard.
A bastard.
A bastard, man.
You believe the bastard he said?
How old was he?
110.
I'm a Cuban guy about maybe 30 years old.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I got your bastard right over here, pal.
Okay, it's right under your badge.
He says, I don't want to be up to be up.
What happened to me?
He'd think exactly how he said.
This guy is obscene.
He's a bastard and I don't want to have my time.
Waste to listen to him.
I said, look, you're giving me a chance.
Waste to listen to his own radio.
Time to turn on radio memories.
It's right up.
I'm going to turn on La Cuban Isma.
That's right up his alley.
Well, I turned it up just a little bit louder.
He kind of threatened me.
You know, are you trying to threaten me here?
He says, are you trying to challenge me?
I said, I'm not trying to challenge you at all.
I said, you're right.
I'm listening to my car.
Exactly.
You want to listen to the damn show?
You know I'm here, his crap?
I still got a $30 ticket.
Good for him.
I can't even read his name.
I wish I could because I'd let you play.
He probably knows Joe Carrillo.
So you better watch it, pal.
I'm looking at God out of there.
Anyways, I thought you'd just like to have a little information about those lovely pigs
down in South Dade.
Those Metro bastards.
Let me just tell you, I want to tell you a little story, okay?
You know, we do a spot for Low Jack, which I've been doing Low Jack for years now since they first came into Florida.
And I really believe in it.
It's a great, great invention.
And it works.
And it's just a tremendous, okay?
And we do a good job for them on a show.
And I joke around with this thing with the pig reports and the pig patrol in a spot.
I'll say, you know, it helps the pigs get your car back.
And some Jack asks from one of the sheriffs to probably the BSL.
But I don't know where, call them up there whining about it the other day, okay?
Because I use the word pig.
Now, let me ask, asks you a question.
You know, that charity football game that they play every year, what do they call it?
It's called Z-Pig-A-Ball.
And who came up with that name?
Did I come up with it or did they do it themselves, okay?
Right, you know what I mean?
Yeah. So if they say pig bullets, okay.
But if I say the pigs, then right away, and I'm seeing bass, do whatever he said, okay?
I hope his guacamole melts on his thing, okay?
I hope he gets four flats and has to walk back in a station.
Yeah.
Radio breaks out that and outstanding.
And his foot's in his ears, drag all the way and burn on the spot.
And runs into Dave Gamer in the middle of the highway.
I don't know where you were born.
I thought you'd get a charge out of it.
I don't know where you were born.
See?
Where's the remote today?
We're not doing a remote.
I know it's not a remote, but where is the pig?
Flora's, it's on 79th Street, just two blocks east of Biscayne.
Can you handle that?
I think I can.
You do a great job and I enjoy listening to you.
In fact, I turned on a police dispatcher's.
I work over at Fort Lauderdale and they all see you over there.
And anyways, I thought you didn't enjoy it, so have a good one.
Okay, tell him to put a lid on it.
Thank you, right?
See you.
I've seen bastard indeed, okay?
Boy, we still have...
See, I can understand that from 75 and 80-year-old Cubans
who are still screaming about Marie-O.
If you had any idea, if I had $10 for every Cuban who listens to this show,
I could buy Cuba and send Fidel back to where the hell he came from.
Where'd he come from?
Hunger?
So I've been here.
Thank you.
What's real bad for you?
But tastes real good.
Sugar!
And what gives you the excess energy to drive mom crazy?
Sugar!
So what breakfast cereal will you tell mom to buy?
Next time she goes shopping.
Sugar, sugar!
Sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar!
New super sugar-coated sugar-shockers are little bits of raw cane,
drenched in honey, and coated with powdered sugar,
glucose, fructose, corn syrup, and other natural sweeteners.
And tastes just like sugar-coated sugar!
Right, because there's no yucky vitamins,
minerals to spoil your fun.
Yeah!
And how does it make you feel?
Like I'm vibrating.
Mommy loves such cartoons!
Mommy loves to play sports!
Mommy loves to be fun!
And mom loves to love sugar-shockers too,
because inside every box,
there's a free bottle of new Flintstones-truel-bellium.
So try new super sugar-coated sugar-shockers
from your friends at irresponsible food.
I have no idea.
11.40.
20 till noon at WIOD,
there's an open line in Broward, 524.
Now, listen, in 20 minutes,
Dick and Doug will be over at Flora's,
which is right up the street, 79th Street.
Why do people keep asking?
I've explained it over and over.
This is not a hard place to find.
Okay?
If you're coming from like on the beach,
you come on a 79th Street Causeway,
you come West,
and then the road kind of like there's a fork.
When you get on the other side of the bridge,
there's a fork in the road.
Pick it up and the stuff in your nose.
Now, there's a fork in that road.
So don't go to the right,
because that goes off the 82nd Street,
which is a nice way to go home from here to get to I-95
because 79th Street,
when you get west of Biscayne,
is the worst street in all of South Florida.
All of people on 79th Street are on drugs.
Okay?
Or on something,
because they drive like their finger is somewhere.
The worst.
Airvee, Jolopy,
Airvee, Maniac,
Airvee, Duschbeck.
Anyway, 79th Street.
It's on the right-hand side as you're going west.
It's on the left-hand side as you're going east.
It's on the north side of 79th Street.
A couple of blocks east of Biscayne Boulevard.
Flores.
It's green with the red sign.
It's outdoors.
There's benches.
There's parking spaces.
That's Flores.
Got it.
It's like the other day.
We're like two blocks south of Gulfstream Park
at the Spexlast Wednesday.
And you still had people.
Oh, they're getting lost.
They don't know how hard it is.
When you say I'm at Biscayne and 208th or whatever it was.
How hard is it?
And that's one thing we'll be checking on this afternoon.
So anyway, they'll be over there from noon to two.
And we've got the unbelievable t-shirts,
the incredible ones that are just from Captured Glory.
We'll make all our t-shirts.
And the Rick and SUDs,
snooze cruise t-shirts,
one of which I'm modeling myself right now.
And those are 20 bucks a piece.
We'll have them in sizes, no less.
I mean, we really have this thing under control.
And the best in the Yolk cassette tapes, which are 20 bucks.
Now, Joe at Flores,
well boy, that lunch was great.
If you buy two slices of pizza,
so does our free.
If you buy some of our stuff.
If you donate.
And at the end of the noon to four segment,
he's going to donate 20% of all the money he takes in during those four hours.
Two Kamala Sows.
And when I get over there shortly after two,
we will, everybody be sure when you buy any of this stuff and make your donation.
Are we going to take care of that, by the way,
if they got the entry box, great.
Boy, are we doing it today?
It's incredible.
Just wait till we get there.
We'll screw it up good.
But anyway, fill out one of the entry.
Then don't try to stuff the ballot box because then it's going to work.
One per customer only, okay?
And then between two and three, I'll draw.
And we'll do it.
We got those three pair of tickets on the 50 yard line,
section 420, 442, like I said.
And it's great, right on the 50 yard line.
Little up high, you look down with that panoramic view.
It'll be great.
You'll feel like you're in our sky box, but thank God you won't be.
It's 1143 at WIOD, four-larterdale.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I'd like to talk to you about two subjects, sir, not even related to each other.
How's Bill Kolder doing?
He's coming along.
Is it?
Slow, but deal.
He'll be okay.
You think he's ever going to get back on here?
I sure hope so.
Okay.
The other question is, it's totally unrelated.
Who do you think is the best baseball player that ever lived?
I know it's a tough question, but I heard you talk about Ricky Henderson.
The best baseball player who ever lived?
I know.
This is like during football.
I'd say Felix Mantia.
No.
Do you think Mickey Mantle could have been if he never heard himself?
Wow.
I know it.
See, this kind of a question.
I know.
See, I was a big Mickey Mantle fan because as a kid I was a Yankee fan.
And, you know, he won a triple crown after you were hit 365 and 54 home runs.
And, whatever one.
And, he was great.
He was a tremendous speed.
He didn't run the bases luck because he had bad knees.
And, those teams used to score 10-12 runs a game so they weren't a running team anyway.
He didn't have to run.
And, the great fielder, great arm, tremendous power, switch hitter.
I mean, he had everything going.
And, he was certainly one of the top five.
Top five?
Then, there were those who say Willie Mays.
But, to try to compare athletes from one era to the next is not possible.
You can't compare Ty Cobb to Brooks Robinson.
You can't compare Babe Ruth to Henry Aaron or Willie Mays or Mickey Mantle or Luke Gerrig to many of these two Willie Stargil.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, Neil, I think you're the best broadcaster.
You can't compare Dick Rote to, say, Sean Dunston.
Dr. Strange Globden.
Right.
Neil, you're the best broadcaster that has ever been on the air.
No question about it.
That's what they're all saying now.
If people in South Florida ever believe that we'd really have a show.
People in South Florida don't know anything.
They don't know.
They're asked from their elbow.
And, including that pig cop out there was making all kinds of grotesque comments about the show.
I hope he sticks his burrito where the moon don't shine, okay?
Exactly. Go Corning. Go Corning.
Okay.
All right, Neil.
See you.
There's a guy from the Glassworks.
Markets up almost 12 points.
What the hell do you want?
Nothing's perfect.
And so, anyway, Dick and Dunston will be over there from noon to noon.
And, we do have the cellular phone over there.
Marvin is there.
Ilyana is there.
Who want to make a date?
She's been trying to pedal me that cube.
She's a very nice young lady, by the way.
She really isn't spite of all the people here trying to hit up on her.
But, she's a really nice person.
But, she's been trying to pedal me that Cuban coffee.
I'm sorry, okay?
I can, I have an iron stomach, but that stuff is like,
it's like taking acid from your battery and just swinging it down.
And, you've got to be nuts.
And, you wonder why some of those people get so emotional and temperamental.
And, if you were drinking that stuff, you'd be like doing a Mexican hat dance all day long.
You'd be like on sugar shockers 24 hours a day.
George likes it.
Because he grew up in Ovanna.
Little Ovanna.
1146 in W.I.D., I don't know where you grew up.
It doesn't make any difference.
Maybe he wants to rot a bus through Ilya.
Who the hell cares?
See, people don't listen.
They hear stereotypes.
People say, out in the Aradio show, a shock radio.
It's boring.
It's vulgar.
It's disgusting.
He's in, what was the word, accrued something bastard.
The bastard part's right, but the other part offends me bitterly.
But then when you listen, not once, but for a few days.
Because once it's like a soap opera, you can't come in in the middle and expect to know what's going on.
You listen for a few days and all of a sudden you say, hey, I'm having a few laughs and not such a bad time.
It isn't really so bad.
Right?
It only hurts when they stop.
And now, language lab.
The show that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds.
Today's lesson, Greek.
Listen one.
Strawberry pie.
Strawberry pie.
Lesson two.
Apple pie.
Apple pie.
Lesson three.
Pumpkin pie.
Bunky pie.
Customer.
What kind of pie do you have?
Answer.
Apple pie, strawberry and funky.
Language lab is a public service.
I mean, not be copied or authorized for resale.
Okay, now let me ask you something.
If you gave the Nelson twins a big haircut and you took all that here and you put it inside in one of those crusts and you put it in the oven, what kind of a pie would that be?
1154 at WIOD.
We have an open line and brown.
Well, think about it for two seconds.
524 at WIOD.
Okay, we're trying to pick up the FTO.
We're having a little bit of difficulty.
Let's go to plantation.
Hello.
Hi, first time caller in plantation.
Great.
Why don't you say hello and tell you that I think your show is great.
It's incredible, isn't it?
Yes it is.
More fun than a barrel of monkey do.
And I wanted to ask you a huge favor.
Okay, whatever you want.
Because you're so nice or at least you're pretending to be anyway.
Well, could you please play your KCK's show in your America's front of your accident?
Both.
Well, whichever you choose.
Well, which KC are you talking about?
You don't mean that one with the George Michael and a monkey on his back again, do you?
Well, I love that one, but you can play the other one too.
I'd rather play KCK's because it's great and it kills a lot of time.
Okay, also.
Have you ever tried picking up FTO all by the way?
No, I haven't.
We're working on it.
Okay, now what was the other thing?
I'd like to call Kurt Apanovic in plantation a major douchebag.
Okay.
And I'd like to say thank you to my boss Barbara Sugarman for letting me see on the line.
Barbara Sugarman.
Yes.
Oh, hey, hey.
Have a great day.
Thank you very much.
See you.
Bye.
Wow.
Wow.
Two open lines and broward.
I'll see they know I'm going to play that.
That's why somebody dropped off.
Well, I got news for you.
If you've got something important to do in this town, God bless you.
I'm KCKism.
Come on to your life.
I'm Hollywood with another edition of America's Bottom 40.
Born to you by the ANSI-5 Company's newest acne medication.
ANSI-MOAN-5 for simple free teenagers.
And so it goes.
I have to be a little quicker on a tape, boy.
It's a good show.
We've got the worst songs in America and we're counting them down.
Record stories are showing them.
For some unknown reason you're buying them and I'm using them as coasters.
First, let's review the top three songs on the charts.
And number three, Guns and Roses is singing Sweet Child of Mine.
Well, if I had a child around the house today, I'd have these four words for lead guitarist
slash and his chords.
Stay the hell away.
And number two, you and Roses.
They're eating a living in a perfect world.
And especially not for you, Hughie, since you don't speak proper English.
And a number one George Michael sings, he's got a monkey on his back.
Well, I would imagine it's getting a little crowded back here, George.
But then again you probably don't mind.
And by the way George, there are these remarkable shaving instruments called Razer.
I won and lose that silly ass theory.
Other songs on the charts, the band Johnny H. Jazz with I want to be a hero
is moving down on the charts and deservedly so.
Apparently Johnny also ate music.
I don't think Carol Stadis is eminent Johnny, so get a real job.
And there is a song I like, Rod Stewart's newest release, Forever Young.
And for a moment I thought it was a song about me, Forever Hung.
I can't now it's time for a long distance dedication.
It comes first from a listener in Pasadena, California, right to dear Casey.
I'm 16 years old, president of my class, I'm six foot two, I've blonde here.
I weigh 175 pounds and started quarter back for my high school team.
But Casey, I have a problem.
The girls simply will not leave me alone.
It seems as though I've already won before, is my good looks, my excellent physique.
Why can't they just like me as a friend?
Treat me as a person instead of some sex object.
And quit hitting upon me all the time.
Casey, do you have any suggestions, sign Todd?
Well, here's my answer, dear flaming horrible.
Okay, let's look at you at W.O.D.
Kelly Craig is going to be singing the National Anthem prior to the heat game at the arena tonight.
Kelly Craig is also on set at Barber.
She's also on the news on Channel 4. She is everywhere.
For a little squirt, she still gets around.
And you know what we say here at W.O.D., there's nothing like a little squirt.
Oh, it's news time already?
Okay, we have one open line indeed.
751.
And we expect you to fill it too with anything you like.
751, W.O.D., and then Palm Beach, 655 W.O.D.
When we come back after the news, Rick and Duttle be over there at Flores.
We'll get a little update on the phone.
You know, retirement just wasn't my style.
So I began working nights down here as your janitor in the solar office building.
Just to keep busy, I guess, because of the Facebook, and when we wait.
Anyway, there's the big cheese now.
Rick, how you doing tonight?
Hey, we're getting late, right?
How you doing? You having a pretty tough night?
Yeah. Good night.
Good night.
You're going to watch a game tonight?
Yeah, I'm in the Cross of Street, free pizza at Beer Night over there.
I'm having a pretty tough day.
I thought I'd just watch the game with the fellows over at the bar.
Oh, yeah. Well, I'm just going to listen to it on this old radio here.
And tennis kind of shaking.
When they get a big screen color TV over there, it's best picture ever seen.
Yeah, a big screen color. Great picture.
I heard it is.
The ride sure liked to be there.
When you know I got all my work done.
Oh, really? You're all done?
Yeah, you're supposed to. Maybe I could.
Well, I'll tell you what.
Maybe I could.
I got my BMW in the garage.
I got a Blah-Poodnik radio, and then I can pick up the...
You can drive me?
Anything. No, no.
I'll give my car keys.
Why don't you clean out my car?
I got a wicked stand in the back seat.
Yeah, I've got some stuff in the trunk included up with Simonis.
I'll be back in about two hours, and maybe I'll bring a piece of pizza.
Okay, Dad?
Well, dad, listen, thanks a lot.
I hear my keys, and be careful not to scratch the car.
And I'll be back in about two hours.
Two hours.
Yeah, I got one.
I've got a watch.
You're not going to bring...
Well, you're...
You're...
Esther said you were a worthless...
...second Simonis.
Hell, you can't be my son.
Nobody's that ungrateful.
You...
...wrap...
...and I'll take your...
...and stay BMW and run that mother...
...right into the damn year where you left your work.
Nothing gets someone's attention.
Second good spring of world famous.
Pig face.
This message brought to you by the National Curse Foundation.
And remember our motto.
Go f*** yourself.
Oh!
So, that's a feelin'
You'll do life with me by hand.
So, that's a feelin'
You'll do life with me by hand.
Feelin' right into the radio.
Feelin' right into the radio.
Feelin' right into the radio.
So, that's your life that you've had.
Still can't get it in.
Okay, we're trying to pick up the Mic Robert Show.
12-08 at W-W-I-O-D.
Look at that board boy.
Three hot calls on that board right now.
Did I predict it or not?
Do I know this crowd like a book?
Like a map?
Now, when are they gonna call in from over at Flores to give us a little lay of land?
Is that...
We don't want to put a lot of pressure on Rick and Doug,
but it would be nice to give little...
...for play before things get started.
Find out if there's some people over there.
If there's sellin' no shirts.
Are we gonna do pictures in bumper stickers too today?
Does anybody know?
Now, but he's got any.
We don't know what we're doing, but we're having a great time.
We're raising a lot of money and killing some time.
Pembroke Pines.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got some updated information for you.
Okay.
About three weeks old, though.
Uh, Blue's minor delicatestin, still there.
Yeah, it's still there?
Yeah. Great.
They got two of them.
They have two?
Yeah.
Where's the other one?
It's not too far from the one you're talking about on near Wyoming,
and then Nickel.
Right.
On seven mile?
That's not Mickey McNichol, is it?
No.
And that's six mile.
No, he's at Hazel Park.
Right.
Keep him there.
Stick him in the infield and don't give him a map.
What happened to him? He used to be a good runner.
Yeah, well, I don't want to go into it.
All right.
Mickey, you make me sick.
Yeah.
Make me lose my money.
And a joke, pavya, man, up in the air everywhere.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Hey, I know how we can make money.
Let's open up a school.
He's got more X's on the program than the used to have in the combat zone in Boston.
Okay, that's how many X's he's got on that program on every horse.
Whoop, he's in the air again.
Then I rent him out of Eastern Airlines.
Maybe it could debil themselves out.
There you go.
He can get you in the air for just a couple of bucks.
Let's open up a school on how to be a Canadian.
Have a great day, pal.
All right.
Ten past noon at WIOD.
You know what happened?
They were all lit up again there momentarily and three of them disappeared again.
Well, you people are like,
St. Vitus dance today.
Okay, you must talk about having something exciting in your pants.
They must have like those red fire ants all over their underwear today.
You're nuts.
An open line in date, one in brown,
and one on our star line at star IOD and the bat line isn't ringing yet.
Are they over there?
Suts, you know, suds isn't going to be there yet.
That day late in the dollar shirt routine of his is getting pretty old.
He's a great guy, but you know something you can't live off that forever.
Right?
Is he over there?
We don't know.
We haven't heard a thing.
Well, that's because Marvin's over there supervising.
He's probably playing the grab this and grab that with Ilyana.
We know what that's all about.
This clear all production presents possibly the most important concert of our time.
She made aid.
The benefit concert to get she made Okunnersome hair.
She made aid.
Featuring.
John Bon Jovi.
Shear.
Millie Vanilley.
Marge Simpson.
Anybody on MTV and many, many more with hair to spare.
Check your blow dryers at the door for she made aid.
The concert that's head and shoulders above the rest.
Take it's available at Fine Arts Alliance everywhere.
1215 at WID.
Now, are they not going to call in and say that it's new things we're going a little too well.
And how are we going to know?
How are we going to be able to communicate with the audience?
See? Well, I'm not going to go into it.
For some, as our reason, all three lines and they've opened up again.
There they are.
Finally, 751-9463-751-WID and two in Broward.
Very strange day on a phone.
1207-Evereline on the board was lit and all of a sudden they disappeared like the phone had saved by his dance.
Yes, sir.
Hello!
What the heck happened?
Calm down a little bit.
Oh, I thought everything went away.
No, we're still here.
Okay, are we on?
What do you mean are we on?
I thought that's not where anything I can hear.
Oh my God, we are on.
Wait a minute. Don't they have a radio over there?
Well, yeah.
But I'm not near it.
Yeah?
Well, this is your good friend, sir.
Yeah, we know who it is.
Don't start sucking around with this.
Where is?
You're already there?
We're off?
Yeah. I've been here for a half an hour.
Yeah, all right.
You're probably calling for the car.
He's calling from the car.
He's on I-75 on his way to Naples.
He's only got American.
He comes to work by way of Naples, Italy.
We've got all the shirts laid out here.
Man, there are just tons of them.
Yeah, the snooze cruise shirts, your shirts,
and all the sizes, the pictures are all here.
And we're set to start writing and sell it.
Yeah, but there are no people there yet?
Yeah.
Eight.
What do you mean eight?
Well, there's eight just a few people.
Well, there's just a few right now.
Well, what the hell is that all about?
I don't know.
Geez.
What about you all this big, ya?
I'm sure they're on their way.
They better be.
Hold on, just a minute.
Hold on. This will be great.
There's no more room in the parking lot.
Yeah, all right.
I'm serious.
And we got eight people there?
Well, I don't think they know what's going on here.
We're in the floor, a little dining room here,
in the screen room, and everybody is like milling around.
They're not really sure what to do yet.
It's basically since it involves money.
They got to think about it and get counseling.
What are you talking about?
Well, I'm just...
The parking lot is full, but we ain't selling anything.
You mean like the parking lot is full of their customers
who are there to have baked ziti and spaghetti and pizza?
Well, I don't know.
Get the hell out of there.
We got business to do here.
I know, exactly.
And I don't know.
I'm trying to take an inventory.
Oh, no.
You don't mean to tell me this is going to be a big bomb, do you?
I'm telling you, man, the parking lot has passed.
It's already passed, but we're not selling anything.
Now, T-shirt, Bob and Tom are here.
Which guys like to buy a shirt?
Need a little...
Neil is speechless.
What, Kurt?
Oh, jeez.
Here I am asking you to evil twin something.
The parking lot is full, right?
What do you mean next door?
Well, they can park next door.
But why aren't we selling any shirts or anything?
Why is everybody out there?
I'll take you.
You want to know why?
Yeah.
Because they're all there for the dolphin tickets.
Well...
First of all, the dolphin tickets are going to happen
to be between two and three.
That's number one.
And number two, unless they buy something,
they can't fill out one of the little entry slips
and they can't eligible to win them anyway.
I was going to tell you that for that is kind of a needless trip.
Do you mean to say that this is going to be just a bomb today?
Well, not yet.
It's just getting started.
I'm just telling you these are a thing of a plan.
What do you mean it's getting started?
If the parking lot is full, you've got a bunch of drifters around there.
Probably the same half dozen misfits that come there every remote
and stand around with their finger up their nose.
Well, there you go.
Oh, jeez.
You can park next door, okay, in the sun plaza.
Oh, right underneath the waxy sign.
Just tip your hat.
Yeah.
There is.
Just like your finger up the picture of Budell on that poster.
There is no picture.
Well, there won't be one I get done with it.
So that's it.
So it's a bomb?
We're here.
And people are like milling around my car.
Well, what do you mean they're milling around?
They're milling.
Oh, here we go.
We're starting to sell, okay.
Get the money out of your pockets and your hands too, okay?
And put things at change and start buying stuff.
What are they waiting for?
Are they shopping for shirts?
I don't know.
I'm going to have to get out here with a bullhorn to start directing.
Yeah, bull is the operative word pal.
Okay.
Well, we're here.
We're ready.
By the way, I'm still trying this second.
Hold on a second.
Okay.
I'm trying to pick up the mic Robert show.
Here's my mic.
Wow, it's coming in unusually well today.
Wait.
I heard him say, yeah.
You're getting better than I can.
I must be having problems.
Wow.
Okay. Well, listen, give us another report in about 20 minutes
and I'm going to just land, lace into these people.
You better.
They are slow.
You better.
They are slow.
This tone has been pumped.
By the way, Jim Jensen was excellent yesterday.
Why, thank you.
He was good.
I didn't say you were good.
I said he was good.
I'll tell him.
Call him back and tell him when he wakes up.
He don't even know who I am.
You know these dolphins, they pretend they don't listen to the show.
Every one of those dolphins listens to this show.
Becky doesn't.
You bet he does.
Does he really?
Do you remember everything you said?
Sure, he listens all the time.
He loves the show.
He said douchebag.
That's why he came on the show.
Becky called Shula douchebag.
You're done right.
He's pretty upset about it.
Exactly.
You sure?
You heard off the air.
Boy, are we doing...
For $1,000 donation, I got those tapes.
Are we doing pictures today?
I hope not.
Oh, Neil nobody can move here.
No, let's forget about the pictures.
I say you just buy your stuff and get the hell out.
Yeah, because we've got to turn these people over.
All of the problem with that is going to be what about the...
Oh, did we back ourselves into a nightmare here?
What?
What are we going to do about the drawing?
Because they've got to come back.
They have to be there to win the tickets.
I don't.
Do you think that they should be the case?
They can't.
They can't.
Just phone numbers.
We'll make sure everybody puts their phone number.
Okay.
Then they'll have to pick them up here.
They'll have to make a donation and we'll get back to them.
Great.
That's fair.
Okay, that's fair.
Okay.
What a guy.
Talk to you a bit.
Bye.
Well, I'm see we have to kind of make it up as we go along.
Because I didn't...
I mean, you look at the lot from the outside as you drive by.
And you figure, yeah, you get a few cars in there.
But quite frankly, it's not like exactly a macy's, you know what I'm saying?
But we'll work it out.
So get in there, buy your stuff, fill out the thing, drop it in a box,
and get the hell out of there, make room for some more people with some money.
And then we'll draw the names between two and three.
And we'll call you.
Don't call us.
And that's it.
Okay.
We have one open line indeed, one in Broward.
And get over there now.
And don't make us into a bunch of monkeys today.
This isn't some kind of a Zeta remote, okay?
They're used to it.
This isn't a Power 96 Fiasco.
This is W-I-O-D.
You're happening doing it station.
So get your asses over to Flores and come loose with a cash and buy the t-shirts
and the tapes and the fill out the thing and cut the crap.
