524 WYOD in Broward WYOD Georgia's busy good morning
Good morning, hold on
Okay
W whoop WYOD. Hello
Okay, now he hung up
Isn't that great the guy that I just he gone nice guy good morning my ass pal
Unbelievable boy. I love picking those up cold. You know, it's just a real education in life when you pick those up just
Zeya how's Rabbi Sif doing by the way sharpen it up baby
Well, it isn't what I would have played if I would have had in the machine. I would have played
But it wasn't in the machine. Okay 1117. Here's a nice lady in Miami
Okay, I'm easy I need to ask your audience. Yes, man
Anyone heard Kelly Craig
The national anthem at the heat game last night. You know, they were promoting it on the oh and guess who else was on the news last night
I heard someone make mention of it on Rick and Spud yesterday and I forgot all about it
But I was lucky enough since I do our channel six news starting at six in the B.M
They had Jeff Cohen from pizza loft was on there last night one of the silliest things I've ever seen
But Jeff got some good play out of it and they always have to have it was the sports guy Russ Russell Shamuca
That's that's so though. Yeah, he is so bad and he was making a pizza over there
I have no idea what that has to do with sports, but
Well, bagels don't have a whole lot to do with sports either and offer dollars
Yeah, it's true. Hey, by the way John where those cinnamon raisin bagels were waiting for John offer dawn you douchebag
I'm sorry. Go ahead. I just wonder if anyone had heard or I you know it well
They were sure promoting the hell out of it on channel four news last night
Or anyway, I'm out of material. You didn't see cry. You didn't see the movie cry
You didn't see the movie crybaby, did you?
I would thank God
And it's no way. I mean
Well, maybe for a million dollars. I'd watch the census. Yeah, two million for me. Okay
Thanks. By the way, event Halcyon and Ilyana and Marvin
They've worked their butts off to help us out on this including yesterday and we thanked them profusely
Anyway, event had two checks from over at Flores Joe and somebody else put in one of 280 bucks
So we're up to 23,194 dollars in counting
Including my check for a thousand that I put into the end the only reason I mentioned that is not to get credit
But to try to embarrass some of the other hot shots in the like the people over next door channel seven for example
Make all those big bucks the people who look at us with those condescending looks because they're in TV and we're just a bunch of radio slabs
right right
Oh
And of course they don't listen to us. They pay no attention to us
So nobody over Channel seven over playing Rick Sanchez singing his wedding song or whatever the hell that thing is right because they don't pay any attention to us
They're too big for us like that penny Daniels boy. Whoo
man snooty and
She ought to have a partner named Judy. They could call the newscast snooty and Judy
I
Like Scythe knife myself. Let's take a call from Tamarack
Yeah, yeah, what's going on today? What's happening? What's going on? Who's going down? Yeah
I wanted to have the market made a little comeback. It's only down three and a half points. We're doing it boy
Good. I just wonder not you know seeing how this is self-flarted does Scythe knife given early bird discount between four and six
Yes, sir. The bird is the word all right the other thing I wanted to know
I was just I would have been out of Florida. I got married up Massachusetts
If you get a chance to see the new picture of Jose can say go coming out the topless baseball card
I swear to get the trill the topless baseball card. He looks like he's swinging a bad
He's got a pair of jeans. Oh, excuse me Neil my right. My rottweil is attacking my grandma. Leave real on. She's not a bone
Okay
Leave him alone. He might do you a favor
Don't worry grandma. You don't need that arm anyway. Are you cereal? I swear
There's a topless card now. What is that you've probably been up to Boston in the Boston globe
They did picture a Jose is the new new post on new baseball card. They're gonna put out
I guess in the only topless picture of Jose I behavior but this is one without the head
Well, that's about it. It makes me sick. He makes me puke
Yeah, I'll tell you I guess if you can't make it out of the baseball play your model. Try something else. Yeah
So I do want it to know how about that can sucko candy bar
I bet you they're really sucking that up out in Oakland. Yeah, I'm sure they are among other things
They're probably choking on it. I hope so. I hope they do the other thing before I left town
There was all these rumors about there wasn't gonna be any more dolphin games and WIOD
Yeah, I haven't heard much more about that. Oh, they're trying to goose the
Anti-up. That's all so they're doing this thing with Y100 and they're pretending that they're bidding on the games
I don't think they've even bid on the games
But they just want to suck more money out of a poor folks here at WIOD
Because boy I got news for you WIOD there's another station in this market that could ever give them one tenth of the coverage that this got for second station gives them
They ought to kiss the ground the WIOD is stood by them through thick and thin and plenty of thin
Now they're having a big year and all of a sudden they want to put a gun to our head and hold us up
The new manager come on Tim Robbie cut the crap. I'd rather watch the Simpsons than listen to Y100 me too
Especially with this dolphins, you know, it's a I don't know I guess it's an institution with sports talk and I just can't believe that WIOD
I can't see Hank Goldberg and athletes foot on the same show, you know
That's true. I can't even see athletes foot on radio at all exactly
All right, well in the olive you get on to some other brow at college. Yeah, okay. Have a great life sir. Yeah, see you
Say how to grandma
1122 charcoals is coming about 25 minutes at 1145 would lunch for everybody
I will not be participating. I may take a little taste to this and a little taste to that
But I just can't handle all this food. Okay. All you sales people back there stop with a damn food already. Okay
Charcoals is great. They brought us food the months ago fabulous WIOD
WIOD
Yes, I'd like to talk to you Neil about a crybaby. Okay hold on Cooper City
Hey Neil how you doing long time listener at 20 times caller. Okay number 20
How's it going and counting you remember this voice from the past what's doing?
You remember this voice from the past I'm leasing Bob
Bob from Cooper City. No, I thought you were North Carolina. No, I never moved
Well, what was that call we had you were North Carolina with a banjo on your thing? That wasn't me
That was uh, well where the hell of you disappeared to here is a man who just moves around so fast because I guess the laws always chasing me was at
Circuit City. He was at power 96
And then I was at United Airlines United Airlines now I'm back in circuit that circuit city
In uh, I'm everywhere in plantation. Yeah, unbelievable great place by the way
I'm at both places by the way right now for I put in my two weeks at United so I'm at both places
I'm going double duty. Well thank god. You don't work at Eastern Bob. No
Well, we've asked about you every now and then but they all now shamed you know Shane from Cooper City
Uh, I don't think so
Because Shane came by remote the other day claimed to know you and claimed to know
Alan and claimed to know Harlan and everybody
Well, we were quite famous from the old Zated Harlan of course is doing 20 years up at Rayford. He's okay
He's working at Brands Mart as a salesman. He's doing good. Harlan's working at Brands Mart
Yeah, he's making more money than you. Boy, I hope they take a lot inventory. He's doing crazy over there
Wow
People matured and straightened out and yeah, right path even at notorious stem came by the other day boy
He's changed his name to warts because strawberry is playing with the Dodgers now. Okay, so he's doing straws backwards
Well, maybe I should take it back when I say we all matured so most of us. Yeah, some
I don't know if there's any change well given 10 20 years. Yeah, when he gets to be 15 he'll be okay
He speaks highly of you Bob great. So what's going on Bob?
He married he's Bob married yet everybody wants to know. No, it's going on five years of going out here
Still with Michelle. Oh, of course. Of course. They're starting to hold hands now. It's getting really serious. Yeah
Anytime that will be married it's just
Get my bank account over a hundred dollars, you know like it hasn't been in a couple months and great
Well, we have a rabbi site that I will be over to your house when you have your first babies to do a little a discount number for you
Well, I don't think twice is I don't think that would be double jeopardy. I already had no not for you for the baby
I'm talking about
Although in your case it couldn't hurt well, Bob. It's great hearing from me. This is a real tweet
Well, I'm gonna get my check for a committal south in the mail today
I'll just today if you can believe it
I talked my mother into giving a check to come out of town. Oh, she speaks highly. Oh
No
I'm dying over here. Oh, I don't think I can handle it your mom who thinks that I'm like a devil
Man, yeah, she's putting it in there unbelievable arm twisting, but she she gave in well soon or later we all see the blight
That's it
Well, I got it even even more shocking news for you the career of choice that I that I'm gonna go into
Ready for this radio airtime sales
So I was gonna have power 96 and now I'm getting my skills experience over there
Put that card in there
Self people are
I don't have the cart that fast. I just dropped the mic on the floor when you said that that is just
Incredible radio sales. Well, you worked at powerless 96 for wild and shit. Yeah, in the sales department
I just ended Bill Tanner used to chase you up and down the hall. Is that just a rumor?
Bill Tanner you never met Jill. Mike McCay. I could go on and on really. Yeah, that's quite a place over there
Very exciting. Well god listen. We sure you know what they say here at WIO D don't you Bob because I can't find the cart that you're thinking about
Sales people are isoles. That's correct
Uh, you got your finger on that button for the oh, I got my finger on a bob because in closing
I heard Johnny Dark say to Mike Disney the other day don't drop to the coast oh
Talk you later now. See you Bob. Bye Bob from Cooper City boy. They sure I'll come back to Roost soon or later
Don't they that is a shocker and when he said that his mom is doing to Camilla
So as you could knock me it's almost enough to make me watch the Simpsons but not quite
Well, here's the guy want to talk about crybabies, right? Hello. Yeah, sir
Yes, I think you missed the point a little bit
John Waters that you made here spray off
Uh, he's a little rages, but I think if you were watching in its entirety you're just
He knows a great spoof of those juvenile delinquent movies of the 50s
I couldn't I just couldn't get through that much of it. I mean, I got through about 15 minutes
And it was just so and the people were so halusious look and other than Johnny Depp
I mean Johnny always looks great, but these other grotesque those those pigs that he had in the collar the man with the oh fat
Gross with a lipstick in the hair and the guys with the with the spit curl. Oh makes me want just want to puke
Well, that's part of it. You know, if you haven't listened to my new one, I moved to Miami Beach and spit all over everybody
Now Johnny Depp did a great beautiful scene right I was curving jailhouse rocks
Yeah, I'll tell you what I'm gonna send in 25 dollars to Camilla sounds
Yeah, and if you watch Craig baby in its entirety off and in another 25 oh that's not enough
Well, you see, but I'm just a regular guy doing a regular job
Yeah, but you can take up a collection from all your uh pals over there make it make it a hundred for a hundred
I'll watch the whole thing a hundred and you'll do it right okay, you got a deal and I'll watch it too
You'll get you to thank you. Okay, bye right now 1133 at WIOD
You
Morning personality mr. uh
psychosis
Who else who else is working most of the people I know in a business ain't working
Anybody else and the business well that's most everybody anybody else working who doesn't come through like all the people over here at channel seven
I think that between now and one this afternoon on their lunch break some of those people in channel seven ought to be dropping checks over here like crazy
Or we're gonna play the whole rick sanchez tape
You've seen him on channel seven news first as a two bit reported
Now as a two bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Febicker and Mary Kay combined rick sanchez sings
Here the dulcet tones of the man who brought you crunch act rick sanchez
rick sanchez
rick sanchez sings
Don't miss rick sanchez in his pasty face tour over hi lia. It's one show you all want to miss steak for a good one
oh
We have an opening in brown word five two four
We're his built-anders check and one in Palm Beach six five five Don cox has got more money than god Don cox
I'd have bring over like rolls and rolls of hundred dollar bills to help out a check cox
Just bring over rolls and rolls of cash now. Of course that we're looking for money now last year
I will say they each came through with five hundred which is damn nice
And how about all those let's talk about all the people that never help us out at Camille's house time right
Anybody at y100 ever make a donation never
Did athletes foot once maybe I shouldn't say never sunny fox
Came through with a big thousand two years ago. How about mr. Badel
Mr. Hot shot mr. Morning personality mr.
psychosis
Who else who else is working most of the people I know in the business ain't working
Anybody else in the business well that's most everybody anybody else working
Who doesn't come through like all the people over here at channel seven
I think that between now and one this afternoon on their lunch break
Some of those people at channel seven ought to be dropping checks over here like crazy
Or we're gonna play the whole rick sanchez tape
You've seen him on channel seven use first as a two bit reported now as a two bit anchor that wears more makeup than tummy
Feb Baker and Mary Kay combined rick sanchez sings
Oh
Hear the dulcet tones of the man who brought you crime check rick sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez says
Where the
Don't miss rick sanchez in his pasty face tour over hi lia. It's one show you all want to miss steak for a good one
Oh
Rick Sanchez he loves his audience. I stuff you as a precious gift from God
And
That's Sally boy she really she inspires them all
Where's the check Sally cut the crap? Okay, let's go now. Is that a rickian puds a spy report?
I know. Hi. How you doing great? You didn't hear any reports on the what's yesterday?
No, I did not I keep asking all these questions and these people as you know have their own agenda
They don't they're just don't respond well. It was five minutes from our house. We were listening to the radio
So we said let's go and we went it was commercial in 441. I heard yeah commercial in 441 at the mobile station. Yeah on the corner in the grass
A guy laid out on a blue tarp
Covered with cat litter dog food cat food tuna fish ice cream you name it. Oh, it was disgusting
Gross so my little three-year-old dump the can of tuna and oil all over him
Hmm some little kid dumps a thing of strawberry milk all over him
And he was begging for more money. He said it wasn't enough
Well, what do you mean more money? How much did they give him? I think I gave him a hundred and twenty five dollars
Well, he should give at least 50 of that to Camilla's house. How should they?
You back my girlfriend was trying to suck up to Marvin
But he was just running around with the phone. Yeah, like mr. Big shot. That's Marvin. Oh geez. I ain't healed a hear
Yeah, pretty funny. There was about 50 people there cop's pain
We had speaking of pigs we had a Miami cop who showed up over at florist yesterday to get a
Slights of pizza or something totally ignored us. He wouldn't look at us pay no attention to us
And we were really mobbed at that point a lot of people doing our thing in there and just too hot for us boy
I wouldn't dignify that
What was the phrase yesterday that obscene bastard?
Hmm wouldn't dignify me by looking in there and certainly wouldn't cough up a few bucks for Camilla's house
He's probably one of the guys that rests all a homeless every year when a convention comes in. Oh well some of them just don't want to have fun
Yeah, listen, I know you don't take requests, but you played it thing yesterday. It was so funny. It was the dick part in thing with the hemorrhoids
No, that's not dick pertin. That's Bob and Tom again. Oh, well, it was great
You got to play it again my husband didn't hear it and it was great is your husband listening right now
It is right now. Well, it's in the machine right now is that is that service or what great? That's our motto at W.I.O
Do you get serviced here on the olive tree or else see ya? Yeah
I am sick and tired of this commercial where the lady comes on and says my son told me about preparation age for my hemorrhoidal symptoms
Now why should I listen to him? Well because he's also a doctor
Not a guy
Even if I was a doctor
I don't think I wanted me examining my mother's royals
I don't need the money that bad, ma
I guess that's every kid in med school's dream come true
Just say, man, oh, ma ma
Let's see what you're pulling
Now if you want truth, Bob, and I can tell by looking at you do
You know what that commercial should say you want people to believe it
She say my son told me about preparation age for my hemorrhoidal symptoms
Now why should I listen to him? Well because he drives a truck
across country
And he's got piles hanging out of him like a clump of grapes
Yeah sing it again boy he is incredible and any of that Rick Sanchez man he does it for me. Hi, Alia
Hello
Yes sir
Oh yeah, Neil what's up?
How you doing? This is Rick in Alia. Oh yeah Rick
Um, I was thinking you know what I'm talking about your Camilla's house. What is it?
What can we do for the Camilla's house? What do you mean by that?
I don't know maybe we can get role Martinez and you are royal and your carroyo there you go
Yeah, we can get some money for you Neil just let him in the desert and don't give him a road map
Yeah, yeah, how about could you pay something in Spanish for us man?
Oh
Boy you are right on top of it today, you know what yeah, we're doing it
Okay, I'm listening okay amigo. I read the durch
As they say in esponial I can't find it. What do we got in esponial huh we got
I still away go. Oh, we got this
Yeah
Yeah, we got what I'm looking for just relax okay
Put a lid on it
Oh singer hard art Ricky
Oh here comes the emotional park you're ready now Sally
Oh
Did that do it for Sally
This is the show de la manana
It's 1150 I got to play that one again before we even debut the other ones this one was so good
Just a second they don't come any better than Neil Rogers or any fight it and Hank go back
Oh, okay 10 till noon at WIOD we have an open line in date and one in broward 751
WIOD in date how come he keeps walking around with that damn Rick and sud's t-shirt we don't get a chance to see it
What'd be nice if we got a chance to examine it not on him yeah
But and we have one in broward 524 WIOD
Yeah
Yeah, all right. I want to tell you you ain't got that swing till you call yourself king
What does that mean does anybody have any idea what that means
Now was he talking about D king or was he talking about our favorite king August 6th is Larry King Day okay
Yeah
Everyone is
All the guys are gay all the guys are gay most of fruit and the
Flakes all the rest
Oh
first wake shake the ground shake the ground the mud slides every day much like every day
California
San Francisco
When us to the beach
Then we're getting laid
Yeah
We're in nothing but a
Smile on
They
They put more oil on their
In a
In a
Slide
In
The
In a
WIOD and look at the size of that thing
I'm Frank Bartles and this year's my partner James Brown
As the weather starts getting too hot we hope you will reach for one of these new
Bartles and James brown wine cooler
They come in three funky flavors gravity great
Get them
And my personal favorite
Papaya
It'll get you off faster than a big city lawyer
And a single pack serves six to ten just like James
You'll Bartles and James brown wine coolers the cooler cooler made in the cooler now behind bars everywhere
1224 at WIOD and we want to thank charcoals again for a fabulous lunch here today
And we're going to be doing that party on Friday December 21st
We'll be doing our whole show there from 10 to 2 at the new
Charcoals 4
Summer 1990 is the summer of Dick Tracy
You'll see the movie listen to the soundtrack
Wear the t-shirt and read the comic book
And now just in time for Father's Day
You can enjoy the fragrance that was inspired by the movie the soundtrack the t-shirt and the comic book
New Dick Tracy Cologne
Why smell like other guys
Now you can smell like Dick
Tell that Steve Cain to put a lid on his ego
Oh
1240 at WIOD we have two open lines in
Broward 524 9463 but at this point who cares
Mobile and West Palm Beach
Yes Neil
There's a big traffic tie up in Delaware near Walbright
I take a road near what?
Taker trucks all over in Delaware near Walbright
And both near what?
A tanker
No no no no oh geez
Near what? Walbright
Walbright 995
Walbright yeah what the hell is that?
That's a road
Walbright beach yeah
Is that like Grantney Road?
Well it's a major RV Walbright 995
A tanker
Walbright it sounds like something you soak your sweater in
Well there are a lot of bull hairs up here and they fall useful right
Yeah
Actually there's a road
And I 95 both North down and South down to TND toward
And Congress is an upper place to be
Yeah that's what I always said Congress is not the
Place to be that's what Claude Pepra says
Yeah and look what it did for him
But hey they just passed it along
So uh, spy news to put it
Well thank god for you sir
Okay and have a great life
Don't ever call his show again 1241 at WIOD
Uh, a helicopter report what is that?
Neil yeah
I'm down here in Delray also
We're having a party here
But uh there's a little spy report
Are we having a helicopter party?
Well we're watching them fly over the communist
Uh not just news reporters
There's police helicopters
Oh they're probably going to Rick Sanchez wedding
Yeah
Yeah
They're all going to Rick Sanchez wedding
Huh?
Does he do uh, remote?
Yeah he's going to be uh, real remote
It's going to be doing a remote from Havana pretty
So he's going to be the new dictator
Yeah and that would fit him perfect
Uh, guess who is here also
Sally Fitz
Well see we're close to home
I felt the right out top of it
Felt a little tremor
Yeah, and I saw her over there
You thought we were having an earthquake I bet huh?
Uh, yeah
There's a guy's truck here
I'm not even going to dignify him
655-946-3
655-665-5
Rick Sanchez is gone
Oh
I told his family gets excited
She starts trembling
When Rick Winxetter during the Channel 7 news
And we got a bunch of checks from over there
Channel 7 today
Have they come in yet?
And written their check and drafted off at our front desk
No
No checks from anybody at Channel 7 today
Who are making all that big money
That they're driving all these big Cadillacs in the back parking lot back here
That makes my Corvette look like an old used Volkswagen once driven by Ted Bundy
Boy
And Denise White isn't even there anymore
She was an ice lady and her husband too
And they coughed up, uh, we had to embarrass them into it
But they coughed up a hundred bucks a piece last year
I'm trying to remember if anybody else over there
Caught up any money for Camilla's house, huh?
Oh, we don't listen to that
We don't have time to listen to radio here
We're important people. We're all busy doing penny dangles here
Do this, you cheap bastards. Make me sick
Pembroke Pines. Good afternoon Neil, how are you?
When is this? I have the uh, your friendly station WI
OD
I have the information on the spill at Hollywood Park
But two people here. Yeah, and this is Super Dave and get lost
We already got the information we don't need anymore calls about the spill. We don't need anymore excuses
For Super Dave or Mr. Radio or Mr. G to be calling in
Okay, enough is enough
There's an open line in Dade County 751-9463-Balharber
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. This is Balharber, Florida calling here
Wow. First time I'm impressed. First time I'm impressed. I'm doubly impressed
I'm so impressed that Rick Sanchez may start singing again.
Oh, that's Neil. That's what I'm going to talk to you about
Every time you play that the wind stops and the birds disappear
Yeah, it's unbelievable. First time I've played it all the birds lifted their leg
I'd be honest with you. I've never noticed a bird lifted its leg before
They usually just kind of like drop it. I would be embarrassed to show my face on the TV screen tonight
Anyway, if you happen to glance across Rick in the park and I give him a trivia question
What's about? Three weeks ago my remote got stuck on Channel 7
Boy, what a bad break that is. I blow my brains out. I'd blow the TV screen out anyway
Markets down three points. Yes, he was talking about Val Duster, Georgia
And he thinks that it's Val Duster. I'm a child of foreign your border. That's what he said on TV
Well, for seven years that were watching that day, I was one of them
He off what a fool he makes up himself though. Yeah, but he once had lunch with Videl
Videl? Yeah. That's nice. Neil, good show. Have a wonderful day and go golf
Zagazan. I will get back to you. See you. Okay, bye-bye
I'll get back to me. What the hell is that? A promise? 1249. It's been a very, very energetic Thursday here at 610 WI
Oh, D. Well, you got to space it out and you got to look carefully and see which machine I still say
You know or kicking ass over here. Don't you think it's time we had that other triple decor up here at I level
I've never in my life worked at a radio station before where the carts were on the floor
They're like below waist level. They're like almost on the floor
And that's fine. We can use those three but we can keep stuff in there that we play all the time like
Like that but for up here I level it would be nice to be able to see three more right up here
Is a nice spot for right there, Mitch. Come on
It's the least you guys can do for all the lunches we fed you
Whoops, sorry mobile in Oakland Park
Not in Oakland Park anymore Neil. Well, you once were anyway. This isn't what he is
No. Are you going to any remote in Browell County? So people in Browell County can get your tape?
Of course sir don't panic we're going to be at the specs in sawgrass on Wednesday December 5th
We're also going to be at the bizarre but I can't tell you the date because it's not 100% yet
We're going to be doing all kinds of stuff in Browell and it date and any damn place that will have us
Another one in Oakland Park?
The what? Yeah
Okay, another thing on that police thing you're talking about
Yeah
The people with you on that
As far as them giving out all the tickets and not you guys are having a ride over there
How can listen how could anybody not agree do you mean to tell me and I'll tell you one of the greatest scams that ever came down in the history of the US as far as traffic and law enforcement is i-75
That road is two years old they're now repaving it or allegedly repaving it for the third time
There is no construction. There's no work going on out there at all. They put up the 45 mile an hour speed limit on this big beautiful 10 lane highway
And all they do and they keep that even on a night on the weekend there isn't a dog out there. There's not a piece of equipment
There is no even nobody even pretending to be doing construction and they sit there and when they feel like it they go out and enforce the 45 on
Now isn't that a tremendous piece of law enforcement? It's like shooting fish in a barrel
Who's going to go 45 or 50 miles an hour on a big super highway where you should be able to go 70
The speed limit there is 65 all the time you should be able to go 70 on that road
And they're right in tickets over there protecting the public and that's where your goddamn tax dollars are going ladies and gentlemen right down the toilet
Well Neil there's no money in taking care of crack dealers you know
That's right and it's dangerous too. If the income is getting you tickets
Dangerous. It's all out to say. Have a great day pal.
Thank you, bye.
12.51. Yeah you still remember the days when the police officer was your friend always teach your kids police officers your friend boy what a joke that is
What a laugh
And it's not the individual and I shouldn't say some cases it is because we still have a lot of red necks and Yahoo's who get into that line of work simply so they can act out their prejudices and their stupid bigotry
Okay, but I don't think that's the majority of people are getting the law enforcement
But the politicians and the higher ups and the Nick Navarro's and all these other right wing fascist pigs man all they want to do is wheeled power and
Press the hog of the public and run a little police state run their own Gestapo
And so if the public doesn't have the same wonderful gracious attitude about people in law enforcement everybody don't blame us look in a mirror
Pigs my any flakes
Okay, that's where we're going to be Saturday. I can't wait. Volka. Yeah, I've the knife report. He doesn't find show. I don't know if it's worth $300. He does a great show.
Who? I've the knife. Oh, I've the knife. Yeah, he and how do you know? Well, I've seen many of these.
Sounds like you came out on the short end of the stick pal trust me. Yeah, it's another naval, but you know, he has a 20 year checkup. He asked anybody in the group for the 20 year checkup.
Yeah, if you need a 20 year checkup, it'd be glad to provide it. Yeah, oil and the Louvre 2 no doubt. That's right and brings Rick Sanchez along and he sings sunrise sunset. It's an incredible performance. Well, that Rick Sanchez, I'm telling you, I'm so emotional about that.
I can't and you know something to show you how oblivious these people are next door here. Do you know the setup here with these two buildings? Yes, I do.
Channel 7 and W I O D once upon a time many years ago were owned by the same company. So they built this complex here and we are side by side.
We even have this walkway that connects the two buildings. We share a big common parking lot in the back. We have matching marquees out in the front in front of the building once the channel 7, 1 W I O D.
And yet those people are such a bunch of snobs and assholes over here next door. When you when you walked your car in the parking lot, most of them won't even look at you much less speak to you.
I have never in my life encountered. I mean, a people of Channel 4, most of them are real nice. They're friendly, same with Channel 6. But these people over here, Channel 7, man, they think they're do do don't stink, man. They are just pathetic.
And I don't know why because that shows they put on the news is horrendous. It's an embarrassment. It's not the news. It's like a bad play.
Yeah. And you said that you used to be owned by the same and one was WCKT and the other was WCKR. That is correct. That's right. That was back in the early days.
Boy, what a what a guy we got here on the phone. This man is better than Shylock home. What a memory I have. Yes, sir. But what Sally said.
Yes, a question about the Knoes house, the T-shirt that you have. Yeah. Is no mention of the Cubs. Is that because you can't use their logo? No, it's because I made them take it off of there.
Because there are a lot of people who are met fans and other fans. I don't want to force them to run around wearing their Cubs logo on.
You know, a lot of it just wouldn't play right. You know, I see. Okay. Because I want to be Mr. Fair. I understand that. But not too many more met fans, you know, and strawberry left. They they're now in the woodwork where they belong.
Yeah, with the termite with Keith Miller. Have a great day. A pig reporting for Lauderdale.
Oh, right by size, baby. Do your Chris baby. You'll make your thing cut out of the side. South Miami. Hello. Hey, how are you?
Okay. You know what? It is. Take thing that you've been talking about. Yeah. Have you ever thought that the well, the cops, the pigs, they take the path that we've resisted? Why? Why should they go out and fight crime when they can just right take it?
Let me say it again. The individual cops don't make the decisions. It's the upper echelon. See, it's high visibility. And that's why they do these things where they bring the cameras along like Sheriff Nick today was doing the urology at this poor guy's funeral.
And he don't even know who the hell is guy is. Okay, but as soon as the cameras are there rolling right away, he's there to put on a big act and get all emotional and play Mr.
concerned. He's a piece of crap. Okay. And anybody who doesn't know that is a moron. You're right. You remember when when Martinez was when he was running for election four years ago, he was all this law enforcement, this law enforcement that. And then when he got in, he said, okay, well, the way we're going to do this is higher, a thousand highway patrol.
Now to me that's not. Oh, yeah, let's protect the public by writing a lot of tickets, man. And not only that, they don't even get the bad drivers off the road down here. So it's a joke. It's a joke. All exactly. That's right.
But I could adjust as well instead of hired a thousand highway patrolmen hired 50 good detectives to find a murder in gamesville. Let me tell you the government in this country is so screwed up. It's pathetic. I mean, why should why don't they hold a national lottery? Listen to me. Why don't they hold a national lottery once a week for the next year?
And raise the money to bail out the SNLs. Why should you and I and all the other taxpayers have to bail out the SNLs? I mean, if Kroger food stir up the street goes out of business, are we going to have to bail them out? It's a business. Okay.
Yeah. So let's raise the taxes so we can bail out the SNLs because all these people were screwing the heart of the public, including the president's brother and whoever knows who else. Well, they didn't got a big one over on the tax. Yeah, the people are a bunch of morons. They're too busy with the Simpson's or that's what America's all about as the Simpson.
Well, they're too shallow. Yeah, shallow is the word morons. Don't say shallow. Don't be so a man be pamby. So they're morons. They're dumb dumb about your idiots.
They're more concerned about what it says on the front of globe about Tom Cruz is a cruising in the tea room or something. Who the hell cares?
Who's on our brando and who's on our Cineo tonight sitting on the edge of the couch acting real horny? Who cares? That's right. Put our Cineo back on the moon and don't give him a man.
Put your name back to my favorite Martian. You go when you go to these big cities like my favorite's Cambril Martian. He's my favorite.
They don't have time to be worried about this writing. He's on Channel 7 news. Yeah. Oh, Rick came. I show.
They don't get much butchered than Rick Sanchez. Having great. Have a great life. Thank you. See you. What are we getting all excited about today? We're not going to change anything anyway, but we're venting today.
We're venting our nasty ugly twisted grotesque splines. W I O D Georgia smoking a after lunch. Stogi. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, this is Nova. Nova sounds fishy to me. Hello. Nova.
Yes, is that a name? Yes. Where is that like a state? I got a rap for you. A rap like a scene. A what? This is the wrong show. We don't do rap. That's unwritten. Suds do rap.
The first amendment was a freedom of speech. That's what you said. It didn't include me. I like the party and have a good time.
I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to let you go. I'm not going to
Alright. Yeah. You have kept that barrier and we won't even one key your car. Go. You have kept that barrier. You have kept that barrier and we won't even key your car. Boy. You know, that big Cadillac that اللing, that much. Right. I have got a key for my shaped Porsche one of those real long ones.
Husk working on the
I'm not just talking about the door.
I'm talking about from the front headlight all the way to the tail.
How's your tail, it?
Wow.
Guess who I just spoke to?
Rick Sanchez.
He's bringing over a check tomorrow for Camilla's house.
The bigger the check, the sooner we'll stop playing that thing.
Now, he's a...
He's at least got a sense of humor, okay?
That's because he drank a lot of Cuban coffee this morning.
Here's my story.
It's bad but true.
About the worst drivers I ever knew.
I'll call them frog heads because all I can see are the tops of the little grey heads squinting through the windshield at me.
So I love you so.
Without you, the life would be so bland.
Frog heads.
The dashboards in your face you.
Frog heads.
Your brains are not as face you old.
Frog heads.
You really don't know where you are.
And you don't.
No one to do to live.
Frog heads.
You don't have any worries.
Frog heads.
You can't see that I'm in a hurry.
Frog heads.
That's because you can't see it all.
Frog heads.
You really drive me nuts.
Sometimes I feel like buying a mac truck.
Getting behind you to kick your bus.
Oh, I'd like to kick your bus.
Frog heads.
Your driving is a joke.
Frog heads.
You make me want to choke you.
Frog heads.
Don't you know your turn signal is on a test then.
For five or six miles an hour.
You can't see it all.
And you don't have any worries.
Frog heads.
You really drive me nuts.
Sometimes I feel like buying a mac truck.
Getting behind you to kick your bus.
Oh, I'd like to kick your bus.
Frog heads.
I really don't mind.
I'm in a hurry.
I'm in a hurry.
I'm in a hurry.
I'm in a hurry.
I'm in a hurry.
I'm in a hurry.
I'm in a hurry.
I'm in a hurry.
I'm in a hurry.
I'm in a hurry.
I'm in a hurry.
Crazy to you.
Well, never guess who sent that to me in a million years.
Lanny Sherman has the guy who did it.
Thank you, Hal.
We got some mail today.
Look at that.
It's some serious mail.
Dave Barry, one of my favorite people at the Herald.
One of the biggest yahos since they invented Yahoo Junction.
It sends me this tape that I thought you might add.
Of course, the timing was perfect for today.
talking about the great drivers and the frogs.
You never get those boy.
All those people will hunch down with their head up to the bottom of the steering wheel
going 20 miles an hour in the middle of the middle lane on I-95 with the turnpike.
Never ever get pulled over for going too slow and obstructing traffic and the causing accidents
and hazardous driving and being a bunch of crap.
But boy, go eight or nine miles an hour over the speed limit on a knob hill road, man.
Your ass is in Rayford.
Fryum.
Yeah.
A bunch of pigs, bunch of phony balonies.
Who the hell are you people kidding anyway?
Oh, by the way, I don't like the way you look so you're probably drunk in your license.
20 years.
Man, nobody in this town's got any balls to stand up against.
That's the problem with this country.
They're all a bunch of whims.
Why can't they be butch like Rick Sanchez?
First, it took the little girl.
Your mother serves lots of hell.
Then, it possessed the priest.
Bless you, my child.
Now, it's taken over the refrigerator.
Honey, would you like a little parkay margin on your muffin?
What was that, honey?
I said you want some parkay.
Butter.
Honey, I think the top on the table just talked.
You better believe it.
Metro Golden Margarine presents, exorcist four,
starring Molly McButter and introducing Polly Unsaturated as the tormented housewife.
Honey, would you pass the butter, please?
Puppet.
Right, this will never be the same.
You will believe it's not butter.
And it doesn't stop there.
Hey, it's me, Sengel.
You're close and bad.
As is his four, now melting at the synoplex two, plenty of free parking.
Puppet.
Puppet.
126 at WIOD, where Rick Sanchez sings his heart out for Sally.
We have an open line in Broward.
He said he and his wife were on the floor when they heard that,
and if they'd ever get up, people would stop talking about him.
Davey.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, here are all these people donating money to Camilla's house.
Yeah.
I haven't heard you say that you're going to donate one dime yet.
Why?
I already wrote out a check for $1,000 this morning, sir.
OK, take it easy.
OK.
That's shut him up, fast, isn't it?
Where's your check, asshole?
We have two open lines in Broward, 524 WIOD.
Miami, hello.
Mr. Rogers?
Yes, my name is Juan Corado.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Your name is what?
Juan Corado.
Juan Corado?
And I represent I risked the records in Central America.
See.
And I understand through the great point I heard that you have a newest talent,
the Oak Brycey Start.
Start.
His name is Rick Sanchez.
Yeah.
This is Rick.
This is Rick.
This is Rick.
This is New Head Song, one in a million, yeah.
We want to create a package.
OK.
Rick Sanchez.
And Gail Gardner.
So we could say help make it to the night.
How's that?
Shake it, Luish.
Yes, sir.
OK.
And they're going to be good to me.
We're going to be called the Limbaugh's Rush.
Outstanding.
Mr. Rogers.
Yes, sir.
I went to Peace Aloft Saturday.
Peace Aloft?
Peace Aloft.
Was it leaning?
It was great.
It is great.
And I want to say something to that Russell Shamuca over a Channel 6.
Not only to the pie you make look like Drek, but you know Jeff does a great job over there.
Stick to the sports you don't do too great on that rush, but the pizza was weak.
He was great.
He came to my hand.
I told him I came all the way from Miami because I did.
He's a great American.
And he's Spanish too, by the way.
His name is Cohen.
Is he?
Hey, Neil.
I happen to have a satellite and I get to see your friend, Larry Ken.
Oh, yeah.
W-5-1.
Yeah.
You see the one where he's got his finger up the nose searching for his brain.
That's my favorite.
And I got to tell you this.
You didn't see this one.
When they have the Gulf crisis the first week.
Yeah.
He had like five experts on them.
Nobody wanted to see next one.
They have like a round table.
And he was, you know, when they go back to the Gulf.
Or the sixth is Larry King Day.
Yeah.
That was last night.
Was it really?
Yeah.
That was last night.
He was saying it because this guy called for Mary Sloaner saying that they had a Martin Luther King holiday.
And he went crazy.
So.
Well, every time he gets those panels on, nobody seems to want to sit next to him.
I wonder why.
You want to sit back a little bit.
You're leftist very bad.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I got to see a cry baby.
Yeah.
But I was with my girlfriend.
So I didn't get to see the whole thing, you know.
Well, you're lucky.
Believe me.
I guarantee you had a lot better going on with the girlfriend than you did watching that.
And that movie was the pits.
It was.
It was.
I mean, all these pseudo intellectuals always a great spoof of this.
They was crap.
I mean, the people look like my armpit on a bed.
Yeah.
Neil, and I saw, since we have a satellite, I saw the first power.
That's the one you're talking about.
Yeah.
With the Mexican guy.
Yeah.
And the psychic.
And.
And the find the end is this awful.
Yeah.
I mean, it was okay.
It was for our friends.
It was okay.
And then you get to the ending.
And it was like all of them.
They don't know how to end the movie.
Yeah.
It's like some people don't know how to end the call.
Now, he was okay just to couldn't resist.
You know me.
130 at 610.
W-I-D.
And let's go to West Palm Beach.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I just got down here from Montreal in my-
Well, that's sure a funny accent for French-Kanadian, man.
You sound more like you just got- like Greek to me.
We- we just came down in our trailer.
Yeah.
And it sounds like he just came from Iraq with a banjo on his name.
You know Saddam by any chance?
We're not- we're not Saddam.
We- we are out here on 95 filling our cups with gasoline.
Yeah.
We are coming.
That's where the dolphins are going to get ready for that big game Monday.
They're going to fill their cups on 995.
Yeah.
We- we are getting free cups in Florida.
Yeah.
Okay, sir.
Take the phony accent back and say how to Jean-Bellevo.
131 at W-I-O-D.
We have an open line in Dade County, 751 and 1 in Palm Beach.
I tell you the Palm Beach line, not only is it neurotic,
but the worst calls in the history of-
Brogquet, even Mark Coney, is in Burrish.
Coral Springs is gone.
That's our clicking line, of course.
Miami Lakes.
And Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, this is Andy over here, Miami.
Like I mentioned, we're at the specs remote.
That was a pretty good remote.
Oh, the one last week?
Yeah, one last week.
Great sensation.
Really enjoyed it.
Donate to my to Camilla.
It was worthwhile.
Fabulous.
I'm glad you touched on that 75 deal.
I got nailed about two months ago doing 65 at 1 o'clock in the morning out there.
Oh, man, you were really endangering the pubic.
I'll tell you that.
Yeah, I think I thought right.
What a bunch of crap.
You know, something in a people in the state are like a bunch of sheep.
They just sit back and they accept it.
That is the biggest scam and all weekend.
I mean, let's face it, people are going places and doing things on the weekend.
All weekend long, there is absolutely no construction on that highway.
I mean, I don't even know if there is any at the rest of the time.
But on the weekend, there is none.
I don't see you.
And they still have those 45 mile an hour.
What is the rationale for the 45 mile an hour limit on a road that's like 10 lanes,
beautiful, repaved highway?
What is the rationale?
How do they defend that?
It makes no sense.
In fact, I went to court to fight the ticket.
Yeah.
And I lost.
Based on what?
They said they were posted, 45.
But for what reason?
You can't just come up with some arbitrary, they could put us sign up there.
It said 10.
But there's got to be a reason.
It's a super highway.
Because there is supposedly construction, which I have yet to go.
There is not.
There is no construction on the weekend or at night on that highway.
And if it was a 1.15 in the morning or whatever, that's a crock.
One A.M.
I would take it to the damn Supreme Court.
I would stick it up, Sandra Day O'Connor's pantaloonies is what I would do.
Like the nail d'Anna Reno, too, right?
Put that ticket where the moon don't shine.
One more subject.
Because Rick Sanders have anything to do besides sing and break off.
Oh, I'm sure I can do this.
Well, I've started.
I start weeping when I hear that.
I just get so damn goosey-eyed.
You know, I see him every, every, almost every day of the week playing golf out at Rantry Golf Course.
Well, he has a lot of frustrations today, God.
If you had to sit next to Sally and try to keep your chair from toppling over,
you'd be under a lot of pressure, too.
Yeah, driver looks kind of worried.
He said the floor in that whole studio just constantly shaking.
He feels like the earthquake all over again.
Well, me, you got a great show and I just want to call Barbara Greer and Thirds of douchebags.
Take that ticket to the Supreme Court.
Your ticket right to El Presidente, okay?
I'm on my way.
And Tom, the stickett and Barbara's wig.
See ya.
Stay lit.
Getting sick and tired of all this crap of people being harassed.
We pay their salaries, okay?
That's the thing that you dodo birds don't understand.
You pay them to protect us and they're sitting out there like the enemy in the lurch waiting to nail your ass, okay?
And now, like the I-75 deal, they do it even under bogus, I mean, it's not even a legitimate deal.
45 on a super highway.
Lots of construction going on out there at 1 o'clock in the morning, man.
They're really doing it.
Miami.
Flo.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yeah.
Speaking of rick fences.
A common sunny goes out on a tree to the east.
The sun goes low.
Yeah.
What is it?
Wait a minute, wait a minute, have you noticed the lyrics on that?
He's great.
Is that really good?
Oh, we have a stroke of love.
What is he singing about?
We better listen to that more carefully before we continue playing it.
That's a stroke of love.
How come every time he reports on TV?
How come he always has his sleeves rolled up, his tie undone, and he's sweating like a pig.
Because he's sitting next to Sally.
Another thing.
Yeah.
Whatever happened to his alligator.
Oh, there's that dennenberg out there in the hall, man.
I'm going to get him when I get off the ear that man.
Whatever happened to his alligator.
You know, I want to tell you something, not to change the subject.
But that sales department back there is so hell bent on putting me in a grave.
You know, they're selling all this business now, but why not let me stay alive in time to finish it?
You know?
Good.
If it was up to them, I'd be eating 17 meals a day.
I'd have a stroke every 20 minutes.
Not the kind that Sanchez is singing about either.
Whatever happened to his alligator.
What happened to the allegations of San Pedro?
That he has.
That's a hush.
He sent San Pedro to see Fidel.
Yeah, right?
Need him an offer he couldn't refuse.
That was a couple of hard shots.
Well, who knows?
Another thing.
What's the life, lifetime record of the Radism of dolphins?
Do you know, by any chance?
I haven't got any idea.
Call up sports talk for those kind of rural, heavy duty questions.
Thank you.
I'm just a novice pal.
There he goes.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
Like brushes me off after all that yucking it up.
Like you don't know anything.
I'll call Hank, okay?
Well, Sam, do you, pal?
Don't forget Hank starts Tuesday night 8-11,
Wayne Newton probably be here.
Mobile in Miami.
Yeah, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
Yeah, listening to Rick's thing that song made me think
how great that afternoon girl to the news girl thinking, uh,
shea get loose.
Wow.
That's lovely.
I'm moist.
I'll tell you one thing.
We're going to put this on the hit parade pretty soon.
I can hear Snooki Lansing singing her right now.
What in the million?
Yeah, the hoody-holy glasses will probably want to cover.
Yeah.
Listen, all the blanket.
Who's in charge of putting all those promos the years on?
Not yours, but I mean station promos.
Like which ones?
Well, I like that dumb one about the traffic that goes on
for about 45 seconds.
I've rated it and unique, but of course,
that's our illustrious programming department who could take,
like I used to say when I first came here,
anything you can say in 20 words, we can say in 10,000 here at WIOD.
So he goes on for 45 seconds.
Some of these promos like the one day where I'm yesterday for Rick and Putt,
they ran a minute and 40 seconds.
And what is that all about?
We're loaded with spots here where just jammed up to the gills.
It's starting to sound like a FTL.
But they go on about it and he's doing it to 20 stations
but they say how great IODs is.
Well, that's because we call it something different.
It's still the same inaccurate polycrap and they're still never there
when you call for them.
It's a bogus.
There you go.
Well, this is a good day.
Have a great life.
Gary Mills has my check.
Well, I saw him walk down the hall that way and is looking...
looking for what?
For trouble?
For somebody to sign it?
I'll sign it.
Just cut the crap.
Okay, it's almost 2 o'clock already.
Now he's running around worrying about somebody signing it
when all the executives are out to a three hour lunch.
Boy, if only Brian could be here to see this.
Let's go to Long Island.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, it's nice and warm up here for a change finally.
Yeah, what is it up to 45?
Now it's around 60.
Wow.
Woo! Heavy duty.
The things that they'd up here.
Let Laura sign it.
Okay, she's kosher.
Yeah, things that they'd up here.
They're coming back on the railroads.
The buses are a dollar quarter.
Yeah, and the people are mostly dead up there too, speaking of the bus
they're laying in the back of it.
What a great place.
You're right about that.
It's a toilet, sir.
It's the world's largest cesspool.
Get out of there before it's too late.
Oh, yeah, I'm definitely getting out of here.
Okay, come down here where most everybody was already dead when they got here,
so we can't do any damage to them.
Yeah, that's right.
Okay, see ya.
Okay, you have a nice day, Neil.
And the same to you, sir.
Don't ever call us again.
You're as boring as chocolate milk.
154 at WIOD.
Let's go to Miami Shores.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Some good news instead of the Sances report.
Yeah.
Yeah, you got to hit that.
You got to hit that little tighter.
Oh, brother.
Oh, there you go.
Oh, god, I'm telling you.
It's infectious, man.
You'll be singing it in the shower, one, and a million.
Oh, well, listen.
And he wasn't singing that to his wife.
He was singing that to Penny Daniels.
There's going to be a big announcement to Miami Arena 230 regarding the NHL coming to Miami.
Yeah.
And I'm sure that your sports dudes will be all over it.
Well, what's the announcement?
Because the thing in a paper this morning looked really depressing.
Huh?
This is the inside report if you'll pardon the expression.
Well, another one of the backers has pulled out.
And I hope they're not yanking our chain again on this deal.
We're sick and tired of getting led down the Primrose path.
Well, you have to turn into a child.
How about my maple leaves, huh?
How about my maple leaves, one, two in a row now last night?
They are.
Are we kicking ass or what?
I didn't know Piper.
I had a hockey team.
Well, that's who we played, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Five to three.
It wasn't too bad.
Have a great day, sir.
Thank you.
So at 230, we're going to get the official news.
Boy, I sure hope it's something good.
It would be a surprise if it is.
Because everything we've been hearing and reading these last couple of weeks has been pretty
damn depressing.
Right, Rick?
Oh, I think that's our chances.
There's one in the middle to get the team.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
Perry, Komo, eat your parts out, man.
Man.
If that isn't on the bubbling under on billboard and within a week, I want to know why.
Mobile from Jupiter.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Stockholm, most not boring.
What?
Chocolate milk isn't boring?
It's not that bad.
It's not?
Oh, how about vanilla pudding?
I never heard that expression.
Well, I'm trying to think of something we are boring.
I find it very well as compared to...
I'm going to boring as regular milk.
As compared to regular milk, it's pretty exciting.
You're right.
Well, some of you was exciting.
I don't know.
Hey, Neil, do you get my check for a Camila's house?
Probably.
Yeah.
How do I know if I got your check?
I find it, Mr. Stein.
You know, I got to be honest with you.
You need very serious health.
You become in chronic and you make no sense at all and you want lightning right.
You need help.
You need to put you up.
You need a life pad.
No, serious.
I...
You were in here that day.
I thought just maybe there was hope for you, but you're not with it.
You're out of it.
I'm not.
I'm not.
Hey, I don't care.
We appreciate the money.
But that's not an excuse for your aberrant existence.
How about those main beliefs that got rid of any old chicken and so on?
Well, what do you mean they're still winning?
Well, they got rid of half the team and we're starting to win now.
We couldn't have been all bad.
Two in a row, what's going on?
We beat those tough caps last night, boy.
We're hot.
Yeah.
Bob Cole starting to grow hair back on his head.
It's starting to get dangerous.
Well, listen, before you do any more damage to yourself, have a great life.
Okay, Neil.
And get a hold of yourself.
157 at WIOD.
Oh, boy, this has been just a pressure pack day.
Where's my check?
Have sudsine.
And he'll write something on there.
What is this wandering around the building?
I have never seen a place in my life.
They got about 40 people who can sign your check.
From the chief engineer to Dumburto who writes those signs out on the front and spells all the words wrong.
And everybody in the building can sign your check.
I mean, these sisters, boy, they sure are trusting souls.
I'll tell you that.
Mobile on I-75.
How are you, Uncle Neil?
Great.
Well, on I-75, I'm heading up to camp.
Slow down, pal.
Slow down to a crawl.
Put it on 30 and put the cruise control on, as Tom would say.
Well, I'll tell you what.
I was running at about 65, and then I saw a sign.
It says 45.
So I slowed down to 45.
Yeah.
Almost got killed by an 18-wheeler.
Yeah, coming about 72 and a half.
They're about, yeah.
Yeah, that makes for a real good traffic flow too out there.
Because nobody knows whether to scream or eat a banana.
Some people are terminal, they're paranoid.
They want to go 45.
And others say this has got to be a mistake.
I'm going to go 75.
And it really flows things right along.
Well, who do we have to thank for all this?
The DOT, sir.
The pigs and the DOT.
It's another commie plot probably fiddles behind it.
I don't know.
All right, Uncle Neil.
I think we ought to stick fiddles in the middle of I-75.
And I'll speed up to about 90.
Have a great life, pal.
All right, if I get a ticket, I'll send it your way.
Okay.
All right.
See you.
Boy, is there anything left to say?
Thank God we're out of time.
I think we've just exhausted every ounce of energy in our veins today.
I see Gary Mills walking his way.
Chuck Myers said, hey, I got Neil's check.
I'll sign it.
He wants to sign it on the back.
Mr. Smartass, he lost $14 at the track the United East.
He's just psychotic about it.
Look at the look how he's dressing now.
Look at that.
Like a slob.
Mr. News Director, can't afford to have a cell as close.
He had a rough night at Pompano the other night.
Anyway, a dick and duttle be along with the idiots on the corner.
Not just one of them today, but all of you folks.
Just go out and stand on any corner and you qualify.
A sports talk, we got Hurricane Hotline live from Monty's in the Grove with Sonny and Joe.
That ought to be really interesting.
And then Randy Martin, the art of flirting.
Her second last show on 610 WIOD, and we're pretty excited about it.
