and i had a great right up yesterday gave it three and a half
stars out of four
uh... i'm sure that many many people are listening right now already so
sort of so
if you haven't seen it be sure to go out and see a lot of i notice we got
like a skeleton kind of half a skeleton crew here today a lot of people
of play hookie a lot of people out for the holiday still
and uh... it's worth seeing believe me
the only problem is
and you're never going to believe this because it's two hours and forty two
minutes the problem with the movie is it's too short
and you remember godfather to in the theaters when it first came out they had an
intermission
i'm sure that
and i don't know how long got further to was i think it was like three three
and a half hours something like that it was longer than this one and i had an
intermission for a few minutes
and give everybody a breather in a chance to go to the john and go out and buy more
popcorn or whatever this one also should have been about three and a half hours
because many of the scenes you get the feeling of their rush
and like they're hurrying into things in their little lines that are dropped
from the first two movies that are repeated
and they're not always like at the right spot like michael corleone saying do
uh... the nephew he said uh...
don't ever let anybody know what you're thinking just like uh... veto corleone
said to sonny at the once but when they were talking with so lots about dealing
drugs
but he says it at a spot where it doesn't make any sense
so you just get the feeling that there are a lot of things that are thrown in
gratuitously but
it's only because they lack of time
but the only real negative out of the whole movie
is
copulous daughter
i mean she how do i put this delicately she is so bad
and so ugly
and so grotesque
and so
smarmy
that only the ending of the movie
satisfies you on this i'm not going to tip it off what happens but the ending is
poetic justice okay
in other words if they do make godfather for
she ain't going to be back in it
trust me
i mean here's a guy spent fifty five million dollars
to make a movie they didn't have enough money to pay robber doval to come back
and quite frankly george hamilton the fourth uh... he was there he didn't really
do anything he was just there
but uh...
didn't have enough money to pay doval to come back
who's a great actor and would have added something
and he sticks his thinking little ugly daughter in there and she's got like
she got a list that are like up in the uh... i don't have never seen a face
like that in my life
like she ran into a brick wall or something
and her cheeks it looks like she borrowed all that cotton at marlin brando
had stuffed in his mouth and godfather one and she's got her cheeks all
all puffed up like she's got about
like a like a cantaloupe each cheek
and her lips are like like a roadmap they're like up in the man
she is gruesome
which makes you think that maybe Andy Garcia needs a good optometrist
crazy
okay let's do a little business now it's ten thirteen of lots more to say about
that i'm sure that we have a few people already rushed out to see it yesterday
and are a comicals house total as of this second
and i knew there was a lot of male hiding in the uh... closet in there which
if that just came in and we started going through that also
ninety thousand six hundred and fifty dollars and we thank you all were this
week i'm sure we're going to go over a hundred thousand dollar goal this
week before even the new year
so make sure you get those checks in the mail your check could be the one that
puts us over a hundred thousand this week okay make your famous
the most laughable shows on t.e.d.
are right here on nbz
united eight
he's left the castle
but he's no one to have so
he's the fresh prince Charles of bell
and they home boy
this not be distant me or i'll hit you on the head with my pillow
uh...
from raffles to rapsheets and
parenthood
you know i heard you cheated on a test in school well
yeah i did
and that's my boy
now
you know lunch money a little cream
then it can
hello i'm up it's that
what does dan quail really do
and what point
the new kids on the block stop being new
what could jane funder
head turner possibly have to talk about
those are the subjects tonight on unsolved mystery
yes it's the best he's got to offer
unfortunately
ten seventeen at w.w.w.
we could kill it for the entire market you know we can just tell everybody
the outcome of the movie and everything that happens but we're not going to do
that because that would be wrong the most
c one thing about the godfather parts one two and three that make it
fascinating to me
is that so much of it is true
i mean these are fictitious characters all of us out it's interesting in this
in this movie dimensioned louquésie who's not certainly was a real mafia
you see there was starting to bring in some real names and also
uh... the
vantican banking scandal was like the whole the whole movie
revolved around that
and the mysterious death of pope john paul the first member he was like a
pope for about six minutes and then all of a sudden in perfect health and he
died in the sleep one night
and uh... a lot of books have been written about that speculating of course that
uh... somebody made him an offer he couldn't survive and the movie of course
verifies that
so i have a feeling again just like godfather one at the catalytic churches not
going to be too excited
about godfather three that there could be a lot of wheeling and gnashing and
hysteria but that to me that's what makes it interesting
uh... not too many years ago used to get all these to know there's no such
thing as the mafia just a word somebody made up co-sino stren
whatever the hell you want to call it now of course uh... we know right
so anyway i'm sure that there are people who saw that not you know we can find
all kinds of flaws is another thing in any movie given the greatest movies
there are certain things you can find flaws like bill cost for the justice
to win electoral
although i'm surprised it bill because part of this movie was filmed in
cissley
and in the vantican
and usually any movie no matter what it is that's filmed at least in part a
broad of foreign film bill gives at least automatically three and a half stars
and he winds up with two and a half out of four man i can't wait for him to be on
a show what is he coming do we know
are we working on that is the in town
our crack uh...
production staff
is working on that
maybe we need nick lorence back here at w i d h maybe that would do it
so anyway uh... now that that's his problem he knows nothing about
film it is a suit of intellectual a good guy but he doesn't know crap
but the thing about michael corley on he has in one scene in the movie he has a
diabetics stroke is what they call it it's really kind of bizarre because they're
like trying to hold it down it looks like
looks like he's having a baby like something is popping out of his stomach in
her trying to hold it in
but anyway he goes into hospital and he's like all just a wreck in barely
survives kind of all on marlin brando with the tubes out of the nose
and in the first earlier part of the movie you can see that he's supposed to be
in his sixties
so it's uh... at least twenty probably like twenty five years later
maybe thirty years later after the second one ended
and he comes back home and now in the last part of the movie right up until the
final scenes he looks younger now all of a sudden he looks about forty five and
is here is dark
and i don't know what happened with the ran out of the great crap that they put
on his head in the here what they'll happen to refound a tube aggression
formula or shoe polish that reggae used to use
but a second part of the movie his he looks younger all of a sudden after
having this terrible illness
so that's another
you know again if you want to nitpick and find little problems which you can
more so in this one in the first two but like i said
if you're a real fan of the whole godfather saga and you really were into the
first two
either when they came out or the younger people by watching on videotape since
then
uh... it's picking up right where you left off and there are a lot of characters
who are back in here and the interesting thing to me is that conny michael
corleone sister
who was so hysterical she's hysterical member at the end of the first movie she
was all been out of shape because of michael just had her husband carlo killed
now she's like really the head of the family she's like the tit can we say
titular head who that's bad
i don't think we can say that can we
if you say it fast titular okay
but seriously she's like a call all the shots he's like a wants out you know
and all the stuff she wants blood okay she is heavy duty
on all the revenge in a blood and the pope and all this other crap
but uh... acting was excellent
what's the guy who plays andy uh... andy garcia
that's his name he plays vincent he was very good
or as he played vincent in his name is the i'm whatever his name is
he was excellent
uh...
the problem with bringing back people other than robber duve all from the first
to is that most of the people were killed off
in the first two movies you can't bring back tessio he's dead you can bring back
clemenza because uh... Richard castles honest the actor played him died
they brought back don't come to see no
but obviously the guy who played him in the first movie twenty years ago is
long since dead because he was like seventy five eighty years old when they made
a first one
so they had to bring another old far back for this one
uh... who else sunny of course is dead
afraid always dead although we have a couple of scenes in there and then of course
conny tristica and smykel he didn't shoot him after all maybe he drowned
whatever
uh... it's great i enjoyed it thoroughly and all these suit of intellectuals are
gonna say that's a bomb it's not so great is this a movie can you refuse like it
says in a friend there it's fine it's it's excellent it's well worth seeing
okay i mean it's no uh... mister needs goes to washington but it's not too bad
okay twenty three after ten at the w i would do we got some calls on it already
seven five one and eight five two four w i would be in broward
and six five five and pomegranates let's do not a little piece of business i'm sure
will probably have some people out there who've already seen it
now when we talk about this if that's what we're gonna talk about among other
things today don't don't ruin it for everybody else because i'm gonna have to
i'll have to dump if you want to ruin a movie for everybody else and spoil the
ending because that's no fun i have a feeling though there will be a godfather
for
i just have that feeling fact this is the kind of thing there should be one every
year
okay let's take a call from
bokeh
yes sir
i got you
i'm going from new york i'm visiting my friend bob and bokeh
and uh...
i'm just like
shot that you like this movie so much
i mean i'm shocked
i was looking forward to it just as where you were
yeah because i love godfather one and two right
and my son is fifteen i had to talk him into seeing this with me last night
because i said you're gonna love
number three two
he couldn't understand why i like one and two so much
did you see him?
oh he saw him last week on hb o back to back
i'll tell you there were a lot of young people in the uh... were said theater
yesterday and they seem to enjoy it
i can't think of it
to me Robert DuVao is the only person who's gonna come out of this movie unscathed
as a money problem i think what they couldn't pay him enough to be in this horror
that's my
what was horrible about it
well first of all it was laughable at point
where people i think were laughing in the theater i was at
well they were supposed to
well i don't think they were supposed to i think it was just
such a joke some of the dialogue was so foolish
so ludicrous that it left people uncomfortable and it left nervously
like what?
let me think about particulars
i can't say the truth now i can't give you a particular instance of a line
which money?
over the hundred billion to hundred million dollars gift
from the very big
the second i saw him give a hundred million dollars gift
and we can get like a pin from the Pope i said this is outrageous
this immediately is preposterous
why is that?
who gives a hundred million dollars?
well he didn't just see
did you pay attention to the scene where the archbishop was offering him five hundred
million to take over the bank in overlaughting
that was for a corporation
i understand but the point is that they had billions of dollars at their disposal
and that this was a regular thing i mean
for an addition of what differences make what the amount was?
well the amount was perfect
well that was the point the amount was
purposely made to a preposterous total to show you how much influence with the mob
and the the mob you had over the Vatican
well it seemed ludicrous to me
when i first heard that figure nobody makes a personal donation
of that size
and it would be like exposing himself as the mafia done
that he wanted to hide from the public
but he wasn't the mafia done anymore
that was years ago he was legitimately at this point
well he was getting that quite he was getting out and paying more attention
no he was out
no he was out
in fact the whole
g it seems to me you must have thrust of the whole movie
because because the see in the beginning i thought that all these people
that were opposed to him
taking over the bank in mobile are you and making his deal
were legitimate and turns out they were the one
they were the biggest crooks because they were all the ones who were stealing
and then the ripping it off
and then once he got in there
he got in there because the Pope at that time wanted to be legitimate
the thrust of the movie is the one line where he says
the higher up i go the more crooked it gets
the more honest i want to be
so here he is probably
and then there was a line about politicians and gangsters
or whatever it was no difference that's right
right they throw in these little intellectual lines or
uh...
yeah but you see you're looking at it from like a pseudo intellectual
you must have watched it with Bill Cosford you must have
i didn't read anybody except this one in the Sun Sentinel
who gave it three and a half stars
yeah and that made me even want to look for it more
now the camera tones everything was dark
i felt like from
well you may mean to tell me godfather one everything wasn't dark
now when they were out the wedding scenes were right
when they were outside it was bright
here was dark
even when they were outside
and Sicily was dark
i'm not going to give away the ending
but how about that very last scene
well that's that
i can tell me people when you're earlier didn't last
the very last thing
no i didn't laugh i just wonder what the hell it was
it made you leave wondering that like there's more there
that you're going to find out
i don't know no the last
i know what you're talking about
i'm telling you i cracked up people with screaming stank
god and his daughter
people were screaming thank god it's over
no thank god he's also
oh and
the daughter was i mean there's no there's no way you're going to get me to cover up for the daughter
ok now
Francis Ford Coppola ought to be shot
for putting her in that movie
and she is a fundamental part of the movie
and she well she's a fundamental disaster
she is the most grotesque
there was some broad on the CBS morning news this morning
Mark McEwen was filling in the the weather god
the fat guy
yeah he was talking about how he saw it he enjoyed it
and there was some woman on there and she was
and he you could tell he couldn't stand Coppola's daughter he said what about the daughter do you think
she took away you know he was really upset with that
and this broad i don't know who the hell she was
she's saying oh no in fact she was so natural
she didn't come on like an actress and she came across like a lovely Italian girl
well i got news for you if the Italian American defamation league don't get pissed off about that
because if she's a lovely Italian girl i didn't see it ugly one ok
ok now what man
you can tell me you didn't laugh
oh well she listen sticker
sticker in the desert don't give her a map that's all i can say
ok now how about you i wall it you can tell me what's it in the old book
i'm glad you brought i'm glad you brought it up he was
he was awful i'm glad you brought that up his acting was the worst
oh he's he's about to tell me i was in a different movie than you knew
huh
you can tell me i was in a different movie
no i like i like the movie but you're right there are points
are you acting his acting was terrible you i wall it because he came across about his Italian
as my landscape he was just awful
it was it was
what?
then how could it be in that with all these bad things
no there are too bad at too bad acting jobs
and let's face it up until the last third of the movie he was hardly in a doll
he was like a joke you know he was like you know and she wasn't the
and spider you say she was the centerpiece of the movie i don't agree with you
she was like incidental
she is fundamental to the part of the movie
she's only fundamental because she's so ugly
well but in what Andy Garcia has to give up
now was he was he good was he excellent
Michael has to give up
was Andy Garcia excellent
well Andy Garcia is a fine actor
but he was good
he is great
and was Al Pacino great
Al Pacino i looked at him my 40 was Jerry Lewis with gray hair
I was thinking of the question I had of Al Pacino
I thought maybe it was Jerry Lewis
maybe you know he's a midget
I was ready for somebody for Jerry's kids to come out and ask for a donation
well they're busy in the Vatican they're all altar boys
I'm glad he enjoyed it and have a great life
thank you
okay well he didn't like it
see now I will I will agree that some of the things he says are true
I loved it I really did I'm gonna go see it again
and like a real movie theater with a real big screen
instead of sitting on the third row with the
you know I I would have rather watched it my living room on my big screen TV
I mean it's such those little Mickey Mouse theaters I'm sorry
but that's just not for that kind of a movie
maybe okay for like one of those garbage movies like Peter Rabbit
or Roger Rabbit or whatever the hell this
okay 1034 we have two open lines in date County
let's get with it today huh
751 W.I.O.D. and one in Palm Beach
655 940 6 to 3
yeah Eli Wallach was awful I mean not bad
horrible I kept thinking I'm glad he brought that up
because I see I blocked it out of my mind I kept trying to forget about that
he was an abomination
his acting was so pathetic and so embarrassing
the pop smokestow the pop smokestow
got even the grass the pop smokestow
he likes his smoking mask
okay the Archbishop's going to be all upset
I wonder if you think the Archbishop is going to go see this
man is he going to be all bent out of shape
huh maybe he needs a loan
speaking of a loan our total now
it's just amazing this is as if the male
that she's given me I'm sure there's more in the building.
91,390 dollars for Camilla Sous, boy we are doing it, aren't we?
You folks are doing it and we appreciate it.
Keep that money coming in this week.
I have a feeling we got like, oh we can do it.
We can really do it.
If you put your head to the millstone, your thing to the grindstone,
we can go over 100,000 by the end of this week.
Unbelievable.
You know, I set that goal of 100,000,
and figuring we did 78 last year,
and knowing we had the tapes and the t-shirts this year thanks to a t-shirt bob
and the people that captured glory.
But 100,000 is a lot of money to raise, especially in the year when money is tight
and people are tight and it's just not one of those great years.
And we're just doing it, just keeps rolling right along.
91,390 bucks.
North Miami.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Okay, I was the third guy online at the California Club yesterday.
Yeah.
Pretty good.
I thought you had your clothes on though, right?
You got it.
Okay.
They caught them all right.
All right.
I agreed with your assessment on a first two.
Only I gave them a 10 and a 10 on a first two.
This one I give about a seven and a half.
Well, that's not so bad.
I think she took it downtown to Florida.
And the only thing I thought of when I saw Eli Wallick,
you remember the old lesson shows?
Yeah.
They were seen in the park.
Harding Johnson?
You got it with the cane and the white thing.
What am I thought about?
I expect them to go poop with the cane.
He was ridiculous.
He was pathetic.
And rather than Jerry Lewis, I thought Al Pacino was
got faced without the accent.
Yeah.
He looked exactly like to see, you know, the scar face.
He was good though.
But he was he carried the picture.
He was sensational.
You know, and I think also I like it like in a second picture.
You got this, you know, you know who the bad guys were.
You know, I'm in Ross with the guy.
Uh, this picture they didn't get like I think like you said.
They rushed it.
You didn't get enough into the Loucazi guy.
Right.
Into the guy in the church that was doing a number on them.
They just like around that.
One thing I will say though when I left, I thought you're just like the first one.
You have to see it about three or four times before you pick up on every little nuance.
Now, the thing about Loucazi where he did the number with the eye glasses.
Right.
Uh, that happens so fast.
It happened very fast and there was a shot afterward.
Now who got shot?
Uh, cheese.
I don't know.
I don't know.
She were not going to run it for anybody because we saw it and we don't know.
No, but I'm sure it didn't go in there like on a suicide machine.
No, he must have had a gun planted somewhere.
Uh, you know, but that was amazing.
But, you know, after all of a sudden done, I felt great when I worked out of there.
Cause if nothing else, Connie, remember the canolees.
Right.
And this time she did it right.
But like you say, do you like the way when he said to her, uh, you're so skinny.
Why don't you eat?
You're right.
You're totally paranoid.
And she took it and she like, it was almost like a sexual thing, the way she like, uh,
put that thing just the end of it.
Well, I don't want to get to grandpa.
No, you're wrong, saying.
But I mean, she didn't eat any of it.
She gave it a little, uh, something.
Yeah.
Right.
A little lick.
That's exactly right.
And then of course, that was good enough for him because he was like me at a heavy appetite.
All of a sudden, he's picking up.
Everybody if the opera sits there jamming down about 23.
Yeah.
He sure went nuts on that whole box, but by the end of the movie, he didn't know how to
have bought it.
Right.
Who I love the opera.
And also there's a little nuance in there about Michael's son.
Now, I don't want to make any suggestions.
But when he started speaking, and the first scene, remember, she brought him in.
Yeah.
And she wants him out.
She wants him to forget about being a lawyer.
He's going to be an opera singer.
Right.
And when he first started talking and his wrist started wagging in the wind, I thought, wait
a minute.
I tried to tell us something here about Michael's son.
Right.
And then she was reading when they were at the opera.
And she said, we have a telegram or something from, what was the name?
From Douglas or some man's name.
Yeah.
And says, I hope he sings better there than he does in the shower.
Hold on.
I think Douglas was the husband.
Her husband.
Her husband.
Remember, she introduced him in the first scene as my husband Douglas when she walked into
the first party.
Connie?
No, no, not Connie.
I thought that was, that was what you would call it, Diane Keaton's husband.
Douglas?
Douglas?
Yeah.
If you remember, that's one of the things.
In the beginning and in the pictures, she said, well, now I feel a lot better.
I thought there was a little subliminal message.
I didn't know what to do with chocolate.
Excuse me, point that and I can only hear you.
Yeah.
There you go.
But you enjoyed it, right?
Hey, you're getting, you know, the thing is, you have a tendency to try to compare it to
the other two.
Right.
You know, if you do something and saw you say, great picture.
Right.
That's the problem.
You know, but you're right.
I think you have to, you know, seeing it 130 times like I did the other two, it'll be the
same thing.
And the thing about the Vatican banking scandal, I mean, to me, that's, you know, a lot of people
who go out and went to see it, they just wanted to see the violence and all the, you know,
all that crap.
Oh, you do.
But the Vatican banking scandal and the mysterious death of the Pope and all this other
stuff, boy, this sure puts it right in there.
Yeah.
Well, you know, I don't know how many people realize, but when you saw that guy hanging from
the bridge, in fact, the banker, that's the way they found them.
That's right.
I think there's a lot more fact than fiction.
Oh, yeah.
I think I think you're right.
The Vatican's going to give a full size.
Good out of question.
Yeah.
Right.
Have a great one.
You too, Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All the archbishop's and the cardinals, even the St. Louis cardinals and the Phoenos cardinals
are going to have like a special screening on this baby.
I'll tell you that.
Three part of it was it was only three bucks.
Matt and they yesterday three bucks.
How do they make all of that theater?
They should pay you three bucks to watch a movie in there.
I hate to do that because I'm sure that there are a lot of nice people who run that place
and all it.
But oh, man, to watch a movie like that in a little rinky, tinky, a theater like that,
awful, terrible.
But I will say that the crowd was well behaved because before the movie started, they
started for some reason like 15 minutes later.
I have no idea why because the place was full.
Nobody else is coming in.
It's packed.
They had two of them open.
They were both packed.
And they started 15 minutes later.
And the thing is I watch my satellite dish every movie under the sun.
And I've told you for years that's the way to watch in the comfort of your home because
you go outside and they're talking and they're hucking a china, and they're eating and
throwing stuff around.
And during the movie, more often than not, they're opening up a big mouth.
And we had a bunch of yentas from sunrise sitting in a robe behind me.
And much to their credit with a couple of exceptions.
And like, Miele, but they like go up in like strange directions like a mountain, like a
range of mountains, not just like a single peak, but like up and all around and everywhere.
And her cheeks like somebody has put a balloon or blown up something and stuck in a cheek.
She's comical looking.
She's ridiculous.
And here she's standing there.
She's so gruesome.
And Andy Garcia is like, he just blown off the face of the globe over her.
He's just obsessed.
And of course, he also turns out to be his first cousin.
So maybe he thought they'd grew up in Nashville or something.
I don't know.
Anyway, it's 1045 more male.
Look at that.
91,390 by the way.
And we got more male here.
And I'm telling you by the end of this week, we're going to go over 100,000 this week.
And we're going to dance in the streets.
We're going to dance.
I was going to say a kazatsky, but maybe we'll do like the Italian dance like they did
in the movie yesterday.
They always have a scene where they're dancing.
And there were several scenes that were attempted, obviously, to be like a throwback to the
first one.
And there were certain scenes where the music was even the same like there was some restaurant
they showed.
And you remember the music from Louise in the Bronx.
And we got a father one where they had the clandestine meeting.
Wasn't it Louise in the Bronx?
Louise?
No, Louise in the Bronx, Mr. Wise.
It wasn't Louise.
Louise in the Bronx.
It even you even saw the sign that said Louise.
Okay, Louise.
Get out of here.
As Sonny would say, get out of here.
Okay, 1046.
See, I'm obsessed with the whole Godfather thing, so I probably cannot be objective in giving
you my assessment.
Probably people who are more pseudo intellectual, like Bill Cosford and others will tune a
half out of four.
What does he want?
What the hell does he want?
God.
Here's a mobile on the Star Line.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
I went to go see the movie yesterday.
Yeah.
And on the scale of one to ten, I give it a ten and a half.
Really?
Movie with excellent.
I saw it on Friends at Pemberg Pines.
I thought it was great.
Ten and a half?
It was, I was expecting a lot from the movie and it came through all the way.
And you've got to...
Well, I kept thinking that like in the middle of the movie, I thought, you know, because
you pre-judge based on all these reviews and you hear that some people thought it was
mediocre.
And I thought, boy, I'm enjoying it.
I love it.
What the hell do they want?
I think it's great.
And really interesting.
And it's more or less like a true movie about it.
Right.
The Vatican and the banking and all that stuff.
It was excellent.
Right.
But you would agree that there were some...
Well, maybe you wouldn't agree, some of the acting.
No, they just made me the Robert Duval.
He needed the sidekick he had in part two.
The sidekick, right?
They made Robert Duval and they needed Eli Wallock to get out of bus and go to the Bronx
or somewhere to Louise and get shot early in the movie.
And the daughter...
Now, am I wrong about the daughter?
You're going to think I'm crazy.
I think she was sexy.
Oh!
Oh!
I really thought she was sexy, of course.
I think so.
What have you spent 20 years on death row at Rayford or something, sir?
No, no.
She's exotic looking.
I mean, exotic looking with those thick gruesome whips in those puffed-up cheeks.
Man.
Okay.
Neil, did you see the part when his son was singing the theme to the Godfather, but when
he was singing the theme, he was singing the theme to the Godfather.
That was great.
And of course, then he started thinking back to Apollonia.
Right.
But mostly, but they thought it was a song.
They didn't know that it was a theme to the Godfather.
Something I know, some of who I was with didn't catch that.
Oh, yeah.
Strange.
Well, what do they know?
You got to remember yesterday was Christmas day, so all the Jews went like me and saw
it yesterday.
All the Goyam were celebrating Christmas, so you got to keep that in mind.
But it was...
What did Jews know about it, tell you?
It was a good movie and the scene where he had the meeting and he told everybody I'm out of the business, you know, and he gave everybody, you know, $50 million checks here and there.
Right.
And then the chandelier started checking.
Yeah, it didn't go too far.
And then that Eli Wallack, do you see the way he waddled out of there just in time when his chandelier started shaking?
Yeah, that was... he was terrible, I thought.
I was embarrassed for him.
Andy Garcia?
Excellent.
Great, great.
We watched.
There's going to be a Godfather for Andy Garcia.
Then you're done now.
He'll have that Jerry Lewis haircut in the next movie and it'll be great.
Yep, and let me tell you, I was worrying about how they were going to end the movie.
I think they ended it the only way they could.
I think that was the only way you can end that movie.
Well, you got to think about that ending.
I don't want to give it away.
Right, you've got to think about it.
Well, a lot.
It just...
Obviously there was a passage of time in there and you got to figure out what they're trying to say.
But you got to think about it how often you're going to end the movie and that's more or less how you've got to end it without ruining it.
Right, and then it kind of paves the way for the next chapter when Francis Ford Coppola needs some more money.
Right.
And when his daughter can't get another job.
Okay, have a great day, Paul.
How good, thank you.
1049 at WIOD, we have an open line on the Star Line, Star IOD, one on the Palm Beach Line, 655.
I bet you that sometime between now and the new year, Southern Belmite, fix line 5.
Boy, does it piss me off.
I can't believe how...
This is like a at least close to a radio station.
Okay, may not be like for real, but it's close to it.
And here we are doing a talk show and it's only I realize one out of eight lines, but the point is it's just like they don't care.
They're oblivious.
Like they got other things to do.
Okay, like go out and do tap dances to jingle bells or something or play golf.
Right.
Let's get with it, okay?
Bob, what's his name?
Mixen, Nixon, Larry, Larry, uh, Mixen.
Man, you always, for years, you've just...
You have taken years off my life at Southern Belm.
You're really working with these Mickey Mouse phone setups that you people put together.
You got to be ashamed of yourselves.
We had to turn you over to Clemenza.
Sitting in front seat will let Clemenza sit in the back seat.
Okay, and we'll see what happens. North Miami.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah.
How's it going?
Okay.
I went to the movie last night at seven o'clock and I thought it was very good, but people that are having a problem with...
They're hard to identify with because it's like in modern times.
Yes, a lot more glamorous.
It's back in the 40s and the 50s.
Yeah.
And it's very easy to identify with the mafia era in that time.
When you look at it in the late 70s or whatever it's supposed to be, people have a hard time with making romance out of that movie.
So I feel like what took away from it, but I think it was still a great movie if you look at it objectively.
Yeah.
So on a scale, I'll scale up 10 more, would you give it?
Well, I wouldn't give 10 to the other ones either because they had some bad acting in the first two.
If you look at some of the characters, I mean, Frato was horrendous and both of them, I thought.
You thought Frato was bad?
Frato was what he was supposed to be.
Yeah, I mean, very fumbling, but he used to stagger on his lines to, if you look at it.
I mean, I have both movies on tape and I watch them at least once a year and I see that, you know, he wasn't really that well.
Well, that's why he...
Well, they shot him didn't they? They got even.
Yeah, but you know, if you see it...
That's what happens, Lausie acting, you get shot.
Right, he hasn't been in anything else since, so, you know, it's spring.
They should have told Copa Las Daughters that before they started filming a movie.
You do Lausie job acting, you get shot.
She was horrendous.
I thought her parents.
But if you go to Southern Italy, you see a lot of people like that, so you really can't blame her.
We do, have you been there?
Yeah, I've been there.
You've been assistally?
I'm not assistally, I've been in Naples and stuff and it's very...
I've been to Naples too, Florida.
Yeah, but I mean, in Naples, Florida.
Well, I'm never going to Southern Italy if they all look like that once you...
No, I gotta go for it.
But I'm...
The movie, I thought the movie was very good if you...
I mean, compared to...
I mean, they say Goodfellas is the best, you know, movie made in the Mafia genre, but I think this is a little bit better.
I mean, the drugs took away from the glamour of Goodfellas too, you know, when you look at it in the later period,
I mean, you saw it when they were a long time ago, it seemed better.
Yeah, I didn't see that.
Well, I mean, I noticed that mostly about gangster movies.
I did watch Miami Blues a couple of nights ago on Christmas Eve.
It was on Cinemax or one of those.
I thought that was one of the most pointless movies I've ever seen in my...
And I watched it primarily for the scenery, you know, because you live here.
And I...
You know, there was Biscayne Boulevard and there was Coconut Coral Games.
That was okay, we'll share.
But not too much.
And it was just... it was pointless. It was just gratuitous violence.
Right, I mean, that's what... and even Scarface, I mean, he was pretty good in that,
but it just took away from being in, you know, the drug era of the 1970s and stuff.
It just isn't the same as, you know, back in the 50s or 40s.
Yeah. Okay.
Alright, now... Thanks.
Alloo, just...
Hi, the reason Frato hasn't been in any more movies is since he died a kid so about eight years ago.
The actor played Frato is dead?
John Kazali.
Are you serious? Now I vaguely remember something like that.
Hey, died a kid.
He's a simple, from Godfather One, our dead.
Almost everybody. Richard Coddy is dead. Richard Castelano is dead.
The whole bunch of them.
You realize that Joey Zazo was Montania.
What the hell is his first name that cost Frato was raised about?
Joseph Montania.
Yeah, that was him. The one that he thinks is so wonderful.
Well, what did he do? He didn't do anything.
Well, he was Joey. He got his ear bitten.
Yeah, that was good. I liked that.
I liked the part.
The only disappointment I heard, I had in the picture,
I heard that there was supposed to be a flashback scene where Marlon Brando starts singing,
the family cares about you and we want you to remember.
Be a part of our family.
But other than that scene being missing, I thought it was a great picture.
Yeah, one of skill of ten.
I'd give it 8.5.
Outstanding.
It was very good.
Thank you, sir.
Okay, now we're getting some of the people to watch.
See, if you want to go there and look at it as a movie buff for some kind of a critic like Bill Cosford,
then we can go and, yeah, Eli Wallach's stunk in the daughter was terrible and we can go and analyze her.
And like I said, there were a lot of scenes that were rushed and you felt that this should have been like a three and a half or four-hour movie
that just the timing wasn't the same as like in the first one where it seemed to be perfect.
But nothing in life is perfect, right? That's what the Pope said.
Anyway, Rich Pactor, who is now a superstar, of course, haven't been out with Rick and Doug,
sends me a review of Godfather 3 from Reviews magazine.
And basically it says this is no blood-sucking ferrows in Pittsburgh, but it's pretty good.
Now it says, do they give stars on these or not? I guess they don't. But the review is very good.
It says, faced with the extraordinary task of recapturing magic he created 16 and 18 years ago, Francis Ford Coppola,
the guy with the ugly daughter, has come very close to completely succeeding with Godfather Part 3.
While certain flaws may prevent it from being regarded as the full equal of its predecessors,
which are generally ranked among the greatest modern American films,
it nonetheless matches them in narrative intensity, epic scope, sociopolitical analysis, physical beauty,
and deep feeling for its characters and milieu, who used to play for the Montreal Canadians.
In addition, it certainly is the most personal of the three for the director.
Well, that's because he got his whole damn family and there's Father and his ugly daughter.
We have two open lines in date, 751, WIOD. The Lord Father is on?
Hey Neil, what's happening?
Yeah.
Anyway, I want to see it in the shoebox, too, yes, but I...
Yeah.
How was it?
And I thought that was... I would give it an eight, Neil.
What's wrong with that?
I think it was a great movie. The two things that killed it was the Nordic.
Yeah.
Well, for a girl to have such a... so many scenes, he could have picked somebody else.
Somebody who could act.
Somebody who we've at least, even if she couldn't act, at least looked good.
Like if you go back to Godfather 1, now Apalona, Michael...
Oh, that was a...
She... she couldn't act, but she was a knockout. She was a 45 on a scale of three.
She was beautiful, so who cared if she acted and knew she took her close off half the audience passed out.
I still have dreams about Apalona.
Well, so does Michael, obviously.
Obviously, he went back.
In fact, I think that's what...
The plot, did you catch the one flashback would have meant...
when he was sitting there and he was...
About Frato in the boat?
No, no, I was Frato with the boat.
We had about three flashbacks of that.
It seemed to me the moving thing behind his difficult.
In other words, he could handle everything else he did, but the one thing he couldn't handle.
Like when he was confessing to the priest...
Right.
And the one thing he couldn't handle was the fact that he had shot his own brother.
Or he had him shot.
Everything else that seemed he was okay.
I mean, he had these shot people, he had men shot, but he shot...
He had shot his own...
His own brother's son, his father's son. That he couldn't handle.
And I'll tell you the rapport between Andy and the guy's there, but Chino was great.
Yeah.
And I'll tell you something you can see the way he told me.
You're just like Sonny, but he knew because of the way he handled himself that he could take it over.
Yeah.
Well, you could see in the beginning with the temper that he was just like Sonny.
Oh, I know.
I'm very clear.
Absolutely.
But at least he didn't get shot on the causeway.
At least he took a better route.
That's right.
Did you feel, among the top ten visits for this year?
Of this year?
I mean, the year of the 90.
One of the top five.
Yeah, I did too.
And the other thing I wanted to touch base with you on Neil,
we were talking about last time about the kid that the second godfather,
who was his name?
He would tell me about him.
The kid in the second godfather?
The second godfather?
Does it have to one that played Anthony?
Remember you told me he was going to take it over the way he didn't come to the door for his mother?
I told you that?
Yeah, we were talking about it one.
He said, and when the godfather three comes out, you thought he was going to be the successor?
I said that.
Yeah, because you said the way to grow into the door.
Remember when Michael shut the door on it?
You had this conversation with somebody else.
But you, you about to be the half ago?
Oh, you're in a half ago.
Look, she's how the hell do I remember that?
I can't even remember what horse I bet on Sunday night.
I'm supposed to remember that?
You were a scorpio.
You remember everything?
I remember nothing.
Only horse races from 30 years ago.
I remember like it was yesterday.
And Joe Ginsburg from the Tigers.
There you go.
Thank you, Neil.
And my name is Ginsburg.
Have a great day.
And Arnie Ginsburg.
It's 1112 at WIOD.
We're really godfather intensive today.
We make no apologies for it.
Everywhere you look, in fact, on the news last night, there were showing the scenes in the New York theaters.
They were, in fact, this bitch that was on this morning on the CBS Morning News.
She was mentioned the fact that the theater, she was standing online.
They were starting to have all kinds of disturbances and all these police cars had to pull up.
They were screaming and shoving and pushing.
You know, in New York, that's unusual.
1116 at WIID.
I guess you'll have to twist George's arm.
Need a little something.
Jeff is here from pizza loft.
And his wife made this beautiful painting for my house.
I can't, I can't get over it.
Was that before or after the fillings came out?
During.
During and before.
Okay.
Beautiful.
Thank you very much.
And also a little eggplant enough for the Feed the Chinese Army.
And probably some stuffed shells I bet for some of the other troops here.
Boy, what a guy.
And also, Jeff is brought by.
Please should get some good bucks for this.
A pair of club tickets.
Club seats for the Blockbuster Bowl.
In Joe Robbie Stadium.
Which is coming up of course on Friday at 8 p.m.
And also a preferred parking pass to go with it.
So here's a pair of club seats and a preferred parking pass.
Now, how are we going to do this?
We take bids and they'll have to bring the money in tomorrow.
Like during the show.
Because the game is Friday night.
So if you want a bid on these, let's start it.
Now, these are worth ordinarily.
Huh?
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Plus dinner for two.
No charge at the pizza loft before the game.
So this is a worthwhile package because this would cost you now the ticket price.
It's on a ticket is 32 bucks.
But that's only because these people have the big bucks and they buy their seats ahead of time.
But ordinarily you'd pay 100 for, huh?
For each seat.
Yeah.
So that's worth 200.
The parking pass of course is worth a million because if you don't have a parking pass to go to the stadium, forget it.
And of course dinner for two.
So this is a pretty good package of goodies here.
And the game is sold out and you can't get in anyway.
So let's get some bids on it.
Okay?
Starting at 100 minimum.
And hopefully you'll lot more than that.
And we won't do that on the air just if you want to bid on them.
Tell you or drop the air and we'll write it down.
Take your number.
We'll see what's going on.
We do have an open line on the star line.
Star IOD if you have bell-south mobility.
And also Palm Beach 655WIOD.
Plantation.
Good morning, Neil.
Hi.
You know, the mistake everybody's making is there, and well, I know it's going to happen invariably.
But they're comparing it to one and two.
Exactly.
The movie stands on its own.
And if it was made independently of those two films, everybody would be ranting and raving.
Well, see, I compared it in terms of rating it, but I also watched it with the idea of watching
it in association with one and two.
Not comparing it to it.
Exactly.
In other words, does it fit in and does it add to it and does it, then ongoing?
And it is.
And I was thinking when the movie ended, if there's any movie that should have ever been a soap opera, this would be it.
Can you imagine that this was on for an hour every week?
How fantastic.
You can get an 80-share on network TV with this saga.
It was great.
For whatever motivations, couple ahead.
More power to them.
Well, you needed the money.
Fantastic job.
Considering 16 years since part two.
Yeah.
I mean, I know people go to the movies expecting, you know, Luca brought these films with the fishes and the comments are starting to fall.
By the way, do you notice the fish tank?
There's only one fish left in it, though.
Not only are the people all dead in this movie, but the fish are all dead, too.
There's only one big fish in there and he looked like Luca Bratzie.
Yeah, right.
Well, anyway.
What about her acting, though?
I don't know.
And again, I'm not trying to...
I'm not trying to...
I don't know.
You stuck her in there because when owner Rottick quit.
Mm-hmm.
And like you said, she was the weak link and...
I think even Mitch Rottick would have been better than her.
I think she was the weak link.
Dave Rottick.
Neil, she was so ugly.
Yeah.
The guy who said that she was...
What did he say?
Or erotic?
Man.
What?
He said she was erotic.
If she's erotic, then I don't know.
I think he meant erotic.
My husband said that they should have put the ending in the beginning
and he would have felt better about her.
She was so ugly, my God.
Can I tell you something?
I don't want to give that part of the movie away.
But before it happened, I was wishing it.
I was thinking...
I'm telling you.
Oh, man.
And when it happened, I thought, oh, my God, a dream come true.
This must be my Christmas gift.
Oh, God, my life.
Yeah.
She was really...
She was the weak one.
Her and Eli Wallach.
Eli Wallach was the most embarrassing, the silliest, the most ridiculous.
Very silliest, exactly.
Silly is the word.
And I'll be honest.
You know, he's touted.
He's always been such a great actor.
And the other one that they touted, who since died, since Godfather 2,
the one that played Heim and Rothmeyer Lansky, what was his name?
Strasburg.
Strasburg, who had the acting school and all the great actors studied under him.
He was boring.
I thought he was terrible.
He was like a caricature of the character.
And that's the same thing with Eli Wallach in this one.
Well, it was awful.
He had...
I think he was wearing Larry King's teeth.
Yeah.
He was a silly.
No, but you know...
And then when it turned out that he was one of the real movers and shakers, you know...
Hard to believe.
Because he was like a comedian, you know?
Exactly, exactly.
And her tell you, Shires, she turned out to be a real...
Yeah.
But that was good, though.
It was good because she looked apart.
She had that evil, nasty, hostile look, and she met it, you know?
That's right.
She was always like hiding in the broom closet and then when he said, OK, I want the order.
Right.
I'm asking for the order.
And he nods and said, OK, and she comes in and he says it's all said.
And you can tell she's the one orchestrating everything.
Oh, yes.
She became the home author.
Yeah.
In fact, you can just see her sitting in a Vatican with a Pope having a little tea right now.
Can't you?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
You know, when you think about it, this will be tacky for me to say it, but I'm not making it up.
When you think about the fact that it was on Christmas Day.
That's right.
I thought the same thing.
And it was such a incredible, no, but it was such an incredible indictment of the Roman Catholic Church.
I mean, just dev-
It was not true.
Dev- and all true.
But devastating, you have to wonder if there aren't some people, especially like Archbishop McCarthy, who of course has skin so thin, it's like paper, you know?
Yeah.
These people are going to be hysterical.
Oh, Neil, we can help for a part four.
Like Connie and the first movie, they're hysterical.
Yeah.
Part four is definitely, you can see all the seeds are planted.
Right?
Yep.
No question.
And ending with excellent.
Hold me not 16 years later.
Let's have this one next year.
Right.
Okay.
Thanks, Neil.
Have a happy.
22 after 11 at a WIOD.
Getting any bids on these tickets for the Blockbuster Bowl?
Good.
250 already.
Great.
These are club seeds.
These are like nosebleed seeds.
These are outstanding club seeds.
Preferred parking sticker and dinner for two before the game at the pizza loft.
How can you beat that with a stick?
And now David Bowie for Preparation H.
Flame.
You know my butt is real of burden.
Flame.
Cherry.
Rent is what it's turning.
Flame.
And that jalapeno.
You're not.
Flame.
Flame.
Flame.
Flame.
Flame.
You can't sit on a problem.
Do what David Bowie does.
Tribe Preparation H.
Available at the finest drug stores and truck stops nationwide.
Yes, you may see this, Jeff.
26 past 11 at a WIOD.
We have a star line and a Palm Beach line.
What do we got?
250 on the tickets for Camilo Sounds?
Okay.
Let's go to Alex Jr.
How you doing, Nea?
Okay.
Well, that movie, that's not as I felt like taking ten baths after I saw that.
Cool test daughter of...
Gross.
The writer.
Gross.
Especially when you start seeing old cousin, I love you cousin.
Oh.
Oh, yeah.
You had a wonder about him.
Twelve baths.
Sonny would have been embarrassed.
Yes.
I was going to tell you that shot that you heard with the glasses.
Yeah.
They shot the messenger.
They shot the messenger?
Yes, the messenger.
After you got the glasses, you know.
Yeah.
They shot him.
So in other words, it was like a suicide mission.
Right, right.
What thing wanted to ask you?
Well, that's loyal to that, guess, huh?
I guess.
Who was that guy on the train?
That was Al Neurie.
That's one of the bodyguards.
He was in all three of them.
Who was he supposed to do?
He was on a way to the Vatican to see the Pope.
Don't...
To see the Pope, don't you remember they fixed up the tea?
The Pope of the new Pope.
He had a little tea at night.
Members, he came in.
He said, you need a little tea to help you sleep.
Right.
And then he didn't wake up.
He had a heart attack on his sleep.
Right.
And then also he shot the...
I mean, this isn't giving anything away because it's not that...
He shot the archbishop on a stairway.
That's what he didn't remember.
He had the thing...
He had the thing with a candy in the box.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, remember that, but I didn't know he was...
And he took the top layer of the candy off,
and it was the gun and the bullets in the candy box.
Right, oh, okay.
So was a dangerous movie to be eating,
and whether it was the canola or the candy,
it was a good time to be on a fence.
You better not be eating during that movie.
Right.
Well, yeah, and now I guess it makes sense.
Next time at the Vatican, they'll have Jeff Hayter
from Pizza Love.
They'll wise up a little bit.
Yeah.
Well, see, I think you're right.
They kind of like rushed, especially like the bad guys,
when they showed the guy with the money and all that stuff.
Yeah.
You really didn't know exactly who they were.
Yeah.
So...
Yeah, they needed another 45 minutes.
No, they really did.
Yes.
They would have had to have an intermission,
but another 45 minutes, this movie could have been better
than either of the first two.
But get rid of the daughter of the first 15 minutes.
Oh.
That's...
Man, she was just...
And they kept showing her in such a way that kept photographing her.
Straight on.
Yeah, close.
With the lips, the bizarre, like she just...
Like somebody had busted her in the mouth and they covered it up with makeup.
Like she had a stiff upper lip, you know, and with those cheeks,
with the dribbles in them or whatever was in there, man.
Big, big, like, and snarled, coming in.
Oh, God, as she grotesque.
And when I got one guy said she was erotic earlier, I almost...
Lost my appetite for life.
Yeah. Well, see that girl...
I don't know if you know there's...
There used to be a case on him on MTV, no known as remote control.
Mm-hmm.
She had been under.
You know they have a bimbo on there?
They have a one?
They usually have that, like, a bimbo on there during the show.
She used to be there.
And they had her on for like a week.
She doesn't even qualify.
She doesn't even qualify.
She doesn't even qualify as bimbo.
I'm telling you.
Or bimbed.
She just...
I'm serious. I can't get over it.
Other people in the cast must have been gagging.
Yeah, that's true.
Oof.
Couldn't help it.
But I gotta tell you, I'd give it up out of need.
I'm a ten.
Not bad.
You know, I mean, you know.
It could have been a little better, but I guess this guy will start for time.
I heard that.
That he wanted to release it later in the year, and he was rushed.
Yeah, they kept predicting it was gonna be postponed, and he just...
He wanted on Christmas Day.
They wanted to make his desperate for the big bucks.
Yeah, and I think they reflected it.
Now, if he would have gone to the Vatican and seen the right people over there,
he could have probably gotten 600 million, no problem at all, but he know what's going on.
Yeah, okay, Neil.
Have a good one, Awe.
1130 at WIOD, one open line in date, one on a star line, one in Palm Beach here on the day after.
We have still 250 as our high bid on these tickets for Camilla Sounds.
Per a club seats, parking past dinner for two at Pizza Loth,
and a partridge in a pear tree.
For the big blockbuster bull, by the way, everybody, of course, are.
Great welcome for Joe Patrino's family here in Fort Lauderdale over the weekend.
His 22-year-old son came down to see the game with Penn State.
Walking around on the strip in Fort Lauderdale gets mugged, gets robbed in Fort Lauderdale.
And the interesting thing is that Penn State decided to stay in Fort Lauderdale
because there was too much crime in Miami.
Date County, two bad reputation drugs in crime.
We're gonna stay where it's safe and brown-ored.
In beautiful Fort Lauderdale.
Moon's all over Europe have already thrilled to his magical music.
And now he's coming to America.
Rapco Records proudly introduces Zim Farr, master of the slide whistle.
Now share with that special someone the sensual sounds of the romantic slide whistle.
Yes, it's Zim Farr, master of the slide whistle.
And if you act now, you'll also receive Zim Farr out.
Slide whistle hits from the sixties.
What if he's our limited, so order now, Zim Farr, master of the slide whistle.
And Zim Farr out, available only on 8 track tapes.
Of the 1134, it's a little reprise of some of the Christmas music we had on a coast over the holidays.
Boy, they had some of the smarmyest sounding stuff on there.
Anyway, we have an open-lighted Palm Beach 655-9463-655-W-I-O-D.
I'm not gonna put the card in there.
I need to have the other stuff in there.
Like that, right?
Okay, let's go to Davy. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Neil, I can only give it a six.
Okay, well, listen, I'm not looking for a agreement here today.
Let's have some interesting arguments about this, then I'll tell you your full of crap.
All right, well, first of all, good fellows was better.
Well, I didn't see good fellows.
The movie went downhill as soon as Joey saw the gut shot.
He was a star there.
He was the star?
Oh, he was great when he was doing his Ronnie Danger Field Association at the meeting.
Oh.
Great, that was great.
And I got a question I can't understand.
This Thomasino is supposed to be brilliant old guy, right?
Yeah.
So how come when he's in the car and he sees the killer, he announces,
hey, you guys are killers.
Oh, of course he gets killed.
Well, he's Alzheimer's.
Oh, that was the reason.
He's got Italian Alzheimer's.
I got you.
And I have to admit, the couple's daughter was so ugly, I couldn't finish my popcorn.
Oh, man.
Oh.
There were a lot of people filling the boxes back up when she came on a screen.
You know what, you couldn't take your eye off of her though.
She was that ugly.
I could.
Easy.
Couldn't take your eye off her lips and her cheeks.
That's what got to me, the lips and the cheeks.
Yeah, she had that, it was the mouth rush more in the right corner.
Man, have you ever seen anybody in your life with a mouth like that?
Oh boy, that's not a money.
That's for sure.
She was bizarre.
Oh, it was bad, but other than that it was enjoyable.
Well, six isn't like the end of the world.
No, not bad, but definitely see good fellows.
Well, I'll see when it comes to my satellite somewhere.
You got it.
Okay.
I have a good one.
You too.
Coral Springs.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Yeah, first time, Coral.
Uh-huh.
So in a movie yesterday, a couple of things.
I want Coppola to father play the conductor in the first party scene when they're celebrating.
I'm giving 100 million.
Boy.
That was the conductor.
He got them all in there.
Yeah, he got them all in there.
What a maniac.
And also, I don't know if you mentioned it.
When I see a company, he doesn't have the invitation list.
And he comes with his mother.
That's the original actress, I think.
They're playing Sonny's lover.
And the first movie.
Yeah, you're right.
No, I did see that.
And you're absolutely right.
Kind of Chubby, yeah.
She was doing a dog view if she wasn't the first one.
Right.
Well, one thing about, I'll say that about Sonny and his family.
They at least had consistently bad taste.
Well, also, I enjoyed the, my wife and I enjoyed the scene where you think back to the first,
the second movie when, when young Coral None is going to become the godfather.
And it's following, I think it's Don Chichi.
Yeah, right.
And that's the same kind of scene there when Andy Carcius went to kill Sosa.
That takes, during the same holiday, he's walking in the street and everybody's greeting him.
And you're in that same kind of festival.
Yeah, right.
Oh, yeah, there were a lot of similarities.
Like I said, the scene with the restaurant, or they looked like they were pulling the music was the same.
Right.
It was great.
It kind of takes you a back.
I also enjoy it then when they have the argument in front of Michael.
So Vincent is fighting with Sosa and Vincent screams and Michael gets up and says,
a temper just like his father.
Yeah.
But the thing that I mentioned this before, the thing that there was a scene just before he had the diabetic stroke or whatever was supposed to be,
which was kind of a bad scene there.
Yeah, I didn't understand it.
It was very too much.
Right.
You're afraid of afraid of him.
But the son, or the nephew, Andy Carcius said something the first time and then Michael got very angry.
And then he said to the second time and he walked over to him and there was nobody in the room except like maybe like Al Niri and the inside people.
And Connie, I think, was in there cooking lasagna.
And he walked over and said, never tell people what you're thinking.
And it didn't make any sense.
In other words, it was to bring back that line that Marlon Brando said the sonny, but it wasn't the right time for it.
Didn't make any sense.
A couple of other things.
A couple of clothes ago and I understand what was happening.
He said that was Michael who wanted the pope killed?
Right.
No, no, I said that.
Oh, you said Michael want.
I didn't think so.
I couldn't.
No, my feeling was he didn't care.
In other words, when he took him out of the opera and they had that little powwow there and he said, you know,
there are men going to try to kill the pope and it may be too late in this and that.
My feeling was he didn't really care as long as they got vengeance on a archbishop and got him out of the way because he was doing business with all these other people who were standing in their way to take over the bank.
I thought he had told him that the village would go through the pope.
The new pope said that they could go through.
But Mike said it might be too late to say it might be too late to save this pope.
Yeah, I'll have to watch that again.
Yeah, I'll use your Cisco and EBITB review.
No, I didn't see it.
I see that EBITB gave it the...
I gave it three and a half out of four.
Yeah.
And Cisco?
Well, I forget which one is the Fad one and which is the Skate one.
EBITB is the...
They both liked it.
One of them liked the door to one of them didn't.
The Skini one hated the door to the Fad one liked the door to one.
Yeah, one liked the door to one.
EBITB would like the door because he doesn't have good taste in those lines anyway.
And what Cisco said is what you've been saying.
And I said also to my wife, he said that he said that he said that the second time liked it better.
He said it all back to third and fourth time and like it better and better.
Oh, absolutely.
It was definitely that way with one and two.
And this is one where things go by so fast.
And I don't know what theater you see it in.
I was at the old, the smaller chorus, the smaller.
Now, how big is that theater?
I think it's about 500.
Oh, so that's not bad.
Yeah, and the one I saw it was like the inside of a band-aid box.
I mean, really strong.
I've been to the Mercedes theater a few times.
Now, wonder they're changing the name of it?
I mean, it's just, you know, their intentions are good, but I can't see a movie like this in a theater like that.
Now, also when he introduces the, I guess it's the Archbishop or the Card Note to Hagen and his wife, Hagen's son.
Right.
And he says, he would love to be in the Vatican.
No problem.
We can get him a job in the Vatican.
For 100 million in the Vatican's Pope.
Of course, no problem.
Anyway, enjoy it.
I give it a nine.
Okay.
Thanks.
See, there's a nine.
How do you like that?
That's what I gave it.
I said the first one's a 10, the second one's a nine and a half or nine and three quarters.
And this one's a nine.
What the hell is wrong with that, especially for a Lousy three bucks?
What else are you going to do?
Go watch Bloodsucking Faros in Pittsburgh?
I can't believe it.
That's really the name of a movie.
We have an open line in date, 751, 100 star line.
If you have Bells' Authentic mobility, good luck to you, star.
I.O.D.
Boy, that was great.
That lunch I haven't indulged in any of that.
Oh, I was the eggplant.
And a couple of very small garlic rolls and some of the mushrooms and sauce.
So, us.
And the reason I had to do that is we're Godfather intensive today.
What would this show be without a little bit of Italian indigestion to go along with it, right?
Boy, did you notice when they showed the scene, it was in Vincent's house and there was a scene of the stove.
And on the stove, there were three pots and one of them, there was tomato sauce.
You could just see inside the upper part of the pot and there was the tomato sauce.
Okay, so you knew it was kosher.
Surfside.
Yeah, hello.
This is Max Religan. How you doing?
Okay, Max, well.
All right, listen, I saw that movie and they say, Copa is dawn as erotic.
I didn't say that.
Well, that's what they're saying or somebody said that.
Stevie Wonder said it earlier on the show.
And Bishop's more erotic than her.
Exactly.
Debbie Ellis is more erotic than whatever her name is.
She looks like a bloody antida.
Yeah.
Anyway, I just got back from Manchester and I wrote an Italian ditty about Dora the lifeguard.
You want to hear it?
How long is it?
Oh, it's very short.
Okay. Well, I mean the ditty.
Well, it's a Italian sounding, you know, from it's a moray by Dean Martin.
It goes up like this, you know, he's an actor and lifeguard.
He sees men and he gets hard, he's a Dora.
You know, and it goes on a little further, but I don't want to tie up the hair too long.
Well, that's good.
We have two open lines in both in Dade County, 751, 9463.
We ought to get him and Ian together, you know what?
They would make a match and have that G-Michael McCay on a phone?
That is.
Wow.
George Bell is Jewish.
I believe it.
Absolutely.
Neil, movie was great.
You saw it.
I saw it last Thursday at a preview and it was Marvel.
Ah, ha, another one of these radio freebies.
You know it.
Now you're talking.
I'm a real, was it?
Like in a real theater?
Movie co-theater on, I've staring nice theater.
With a brief screen.
Yeah, they, two colors you have were right.
Michael Corley only wants the Pope to live.
That's a deal.
You'll see it when you see it again.
Okay, well, that part, because my mind was racing at that point, because I kept wondering,
I'm still confused.
You know, the guy that was going to shoot him from the balcony?
Right.
And he, you know, why did he wait so long?
In other words, he had the sights on him there and then he waited and waited and waited.
And he looked over there and it's the priestess sitting there, right?
I think he was waiting for the crescendo to mask the sound.
Well, he who hesitates.
As a lot.
Exactly.
Also, the daughter is just gross.
That lip thing.
Oh.
The lips and the cheeks.
As a matter of fact, it looks like there's a relationship to it.
It looks like somebody has pushed and mashed in her lips and mangled them.
And as a result, all the suction went up into her cheeks and just bloated them out.
She may be probably to pull a tooth out with a doorknob and the doors swung back into her lip.
Yeah.
Something like that.
Either that or she's been sucking on helium.
One of the two.
Hey, I want to thank you for two good books you've turned me on to.
The Dave Polone book, which I wrote a few months back.
Outstanding.
And I'm about halfway through high trees.
Oh, man.
It's excellent.
If I have to read another damn occipital low, but I'm going to go crazy.
Can we get a movie about high trees and can we get that made into a movie?
You'd think so.
And I was just reading high trees and you know, and then I went to see the Godfather.
And it's practically the same thing.
Yeah, right.
We different characters, different part of the world, but the same general outcome.
But it's great.
Well, that's all right.
Got nothing more.
Have a great one.
All right.
See you, Mike.
Okay.
Ten minutes after 12 at WIOD, we have an open-line in Broward, 524, Mob.
And a starline in Palm Beach, I must confess, a lot of honest, we're not doing that bad today,
considering the fact that it's the markets have almost ten points, by the way.
Considering the fact that it's the day that everybody's back to the shopping centers.
All you people in retail who may be out on your lunch hour and your car is trying to get your brains unscramble,
are serious condolences to you, okay?
How'd you like to be working in retail on this day?
Oh, man.
All you assholes out there that want to slip to the stores today to take stuff back.
What's the rush?
Why not wait a couple of days?
It won't be as crowded.
The salespeople behind the counters won't be as grouchy and hysterical.
Man, what the hell is it?
You're like sheep.
You're like a flock of sheep.
God.
Every year, it's so damn predictable.
Like the busiest shopping day of the year, the day after Thanksgiving.
The second wildest day of the year is the day after Christmas when everybody's going back to do their exchanges and refunds.
And just be...
Isn't that ironic?
Yesterday's the day we're all supposed to be nice, okay?
Somebody forgot to tell the guy in the Godfather that, we're all supposed to be nice.
And today's the day that it's okay, the day of me, like the minute the clock hits midnight, the little hand hits the big hand.
That's it.
Now you can be a jerk.
You can be obnoxious.
Get online, go to the store and give them a hard time.
I want my money back.
I want my kids not to make size.
Carry on like some kind of a machugner, okay?
It's 11 past noon at WIOD.
Thank God we don't do that here on the air, man.
We'd be...
Now listen, we got 48 minutes to go on the bidding on this.
We got 275 of my correct on the outstanding paratickets, Florida State, Penn State, whatever state you want, we got it, okay?
Friday night, you're obviously going to give him two great club seats, preferred parking sticker, personally embossed by Jeff Cohen from PizzaLock, and free dinner for two at PizzaLock before the game.
275 is our bid right at the moment.
Money of course, I'll go to Camilla's house, and our Camilla's house total as of this second.
I can't get over it.
92,070 bucks.
Maybe the Archbishop could cover us a few bucks for the hall, more so.
That's terrible.
My voice is weak.
Oh, and you'll be very excited to know that Al Martino is back again, huh?
Yeah.
And speaking of little subtle scenes in there, it's interesting he starts singing a song, and of course at that point Michael gets out of the room because he cannot stand the way Al Martino sings.
He goes into kitchen for a little conference, and he's singing a song just for him.
He says, hey, I'll be back.
Get lost.
But Connie...
Now remember, he was singing at Connie's wedding in Godfather One, and Connie came over and she was like quelling from him.
She was just... she was down on the knee, and there was a certain...
He was singing a song, and she's like emoting.
And she did the same exact thing in a very subtle way in the scene yesterday.
So these are things to look for when you go out and blow your three bucks or five bucks at the movie theater, okay?
Let's go to Kendall. Hello.
Yeah, Neil, this is Vincent Coyleone, and I like the reviews on the show and everything, but...
Yeah.
I think you should have some respect for my later.
Vincent...
Vincent, you should have been in our last remote. We had some certificates for eyeglasses.
Yeah, well, you know, it's a beautiful...
You must have inherited your father's eyesight, Vincent.
I think they should have given the classes to Bill Cosford, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
I'll go visit him later today.
Two and a half stars, that's pathetic.
But I tell you, I think that if you want to get on somebody, you should get on a George Hamilton because...
Terrible.
We didn't believe anything he said. He could have been like a pocketbook in a background.
He did another to help the family, and...
It's all a very interesting story, though. I'll show you a great...
Okay, Vincent.
Okay.
I'll be there.
Enjoy your lasagna.
Okay, we're down to three stinking calls on the board, which I think means we probably should just play this music the rest of the...
What is it?
300 bucks.
300 bucks on a ticket, sir. Wow!
Call came in a long distance from the Vatican. I wonder what that means.
They're sending somebody over to see the game.
No, sir, we've got a $300 bid. We'll take them for another 40 minutes to one o'clock, and then that's it.
And then we'll have these waiting for you tomorrow at our office here at the wonderful island dreams.
We have two open lines in Dade County.
751-9463-751. I love them when you're so. I'm gonna die.
What are you doing? You're gonna mess up my log now?
Oh, boy. Go right ahead. It's a day after Christmas.
No Sicilian can refuse any offer on the day after Christmas. That's what we're told.
Okay, let's go to Lauderdale Lake. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
He's Frank from London. Remember me at the last remote?
How can I forget, Frank?
How you doing?
Are you wearing your Zuba pants?
Yeah, I gave him to the Queen, and she's also got a sticker.
Unbelievable.
Well, that's great. She'll look better than ever.
I wanted to be your first caller today. I got up real early and everything to come up with some offing friends, eh?
And what happened?
A bloody car wouldn't start.
You can assure you have a way with words, you know what?
I wanted to talk about the Gold Fog, where I was there yesterday, the first in line.
I love there. It was a good film.
You don't wear your Zuba pants to the movie, did you?
No, no, no. I want to suit on.
You had a suit on?
I felt like a Coliol.
Yeah. You know what was funny about that?
Now, let me ask you a question before you go ahead and give your, you analyze this film.
Are the British very much into the Godfather?
Oh, yeah, very much.
Are they?
They're level like gangster stuff.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
You know what was funny about that?
They like those bloody movies.
They like those bloody movies.
I don't know where you watched it.
I heard you watching some shoebox, but I watched it.
I watched it in the whole shoebox with old Mother Hubbard.
I watched that Coral Ridge Mall down on Federal and Oakland Park on the corner there.
You know that movie theater?
Where is it Coral Ridge Mall?
Coral Ridge 10 AMC movie theater.
On Federal Highway?
Yeah, that's it.
That's right. That's where I saw the exorcist the first time that's a year ago.
And when I went in, there were young people coming out throwing up all over the planet.
I'm not joking about that.
There were people coming out throwing up while I was waiting online to go see the exorcist.
Yeah?
Did you ever see that?
Yeah, I see that, yeah.
Yeah, when you British are big into pea soup anyway.
Would you think you'd like a wallet?
Terrible.
Did you?
I think you've got like some English to good to bat in the ugly.
You liked him?
Yeah, you're good to bat in the ugly.
Right.
It wasn't very good in that.
No.
But you know, it was funny at the beginning of the movie, the whole theater was set silent,
and then the music come up.
And everybody started laughing and got excited.
Yeah, right.
Well, there was a lot of anticipation.
The only thing in our theater, what is with these commercials and movie theaters now?
You know, I don't usually go out to these movies because I have the satellite dish and I'm cheap and I watch them at home.
But they have all these commercials.
Joe's trucking.
It comes on like for two seconds.
And then there's another one comes on for Emma's, and Emma Bagg.
That's right.
Oh man, I don't want to see that crap.
And then all these things about no smoking in the theater.
They don't know how to show movies anymore like they used to, you know?
They don't know what they-
They watchies and everything.
It was a bloody movie, go to stars.
Right.
Used to be years ago, there was always a double feature.
And first there was cartoons.
Yeah, that's right.
There was cartoons, then the first movie would come on.
Then in between, there would be previews of coming attractions.
And then there would be a second feature.
It's about like four and a half, five hours in the movie would be great.
You know, for like a buck, two bucks, you'd make yourself sick with candy and popcorn, it was tremendous.
Now they shovel you in a little shoe box there, and it's, I don't know.
Well, what are you still in London?
They should show two movies, a normal film, then the main film.
But now, I'd like you saying, they just stick all these stupid, bloody commercials on.
Yeah.
Too much bloody stuff in there.
So I bet you had the hots for a cople's daughter.
Oh, no.
Wait a minute, what is her name?
I got to get her name right.
Her name is Sophia.
Sophia.
Yeah.
She played Mary Crawley on.
That's it.
Yeah.
But she was like that one sonny would do.
And the first Godfather, when he took upstairs, she just looked like he was ugly.
Yeah.
Only much uglier.
Much.
Well, listen, our next remote is a week from Friday, a call to race track, 10 to 2.
Oh, we'll be there.
Okay.
Definitely.
Wear your Zuba pants.
I will do it.
Yeah.
Okay, you'll stand out in the crowd.
Have a great day, Frank.
And you take care, Neil.
I'll be the only show.
See ya.
Taking this review magazine.
And it says, not gonna agree with them about Wallach, it just mentions him in passing that he's impressive.
He's about as impressive as a poopy compo on a today show.
It says, the film's main flaw unavoidably is Sophia Coppola in the important but not critical
role of Michael's daughter.
Ungainly afflicted with a valley girl accent and not an actress who can hold her own in this August company.
The director's daughter simply doesn't cut it.
Uh-huh.
This red is the picture's main romantic element, uncompelling and essentially unbelievable and undercuts the force of the ending.
Unfortunate casting decision was made after the original actress, when owner Ryder had to bow out at the start of the production
and created a furor within the company, sad to say the naysayers were correct.
Need we say more?
I like the very, very diplomatic, ungainly it says.
Ugly as death.
Tamarack.
Yeah.
I'll say a little about the history of that movie.
When they were making that movie and when owner Ryder was a cancer ward,
I feel like most people, if you look at her, she's really an up and coming source.
She's attractive and the thing is, if you saw her beetle, she can act.
She's really very good at shooting.
The thing was, she's my inside Hollywood but she had a nervous quote, a nervous breakdown.
So her boyfriend, Johnny Depp, flew in, picked her up on the set, carried her literally, carried her out and threw her back to California.
Where were they?
They were going, so she got, she broke down.
What reason?
I have no idea.
Well, she probably saw him in Edward's Cesar hands.
I think she couldn't handle the makeup.
She was just, she spooked out.
Whatever it didn't give her a real reason, I guess, it's on her part business.
I didn't know why she couldn't handle it.
Anyhow, I think whether it really made her a major star.
Yeah.
She's very well known now but that would have really put her over the top.
Yeah, that could have been a great role.
That's right because you think when she, her hair is dark and she's got that kind of ball beneath complexion.
And she would have been perfect.
Alba, I'm sorry, Alba, I'm sorry, complexion.
She was a beautiful for that part.
Yeah.
She was really physical.
She kind of acts.
So that really hurts.
I have a feeling she wouldn't have said, don't spend it all in one place.
Quite the same.
Well, wouldn't have had quite the same input.
But she might have said, I won't say that line.
Yeah, right.
I think I would trade like that reviewer just said, it did create a tremendous vacuum in the set.
Now, you've got to realize that they have a particular point in time.
Literally, literally.
Billions of dollars are being already been spent on this production.
So you've got a heresford, Franksley's Ford Copeland.
It's house, actively being taken over by creditors, right?
His fingers are going to be shot.
He's got his major stars.
He's now trying to get at that point just lower.
Just lower.
The Robert Doo valve can't get him.
So he's panicking, right?
The production is very, and I try to maintain that trouble.
So the guy was right.
So what he did was out of like, you know, necessity.
He kissed the first person.
You know, he flipped.
If you remember back, his daughter started with him.
Another production.
Do you remember his New York stories?
Yeah.
Okay, that was a disaster too.
And he was in it again, no.
Oh.
Now think back, that was Woody Allen, Basil's Ford Copeland.
I think maybe the Palmer or had to go with Vignette.
And that movie was disastrous.
He was horrible, neither.
If you remember, if you think back, the reviewers came down so hard on her in that movie,
she was terrible.
It was like a complete psychophobic delivery car.
And yet he...
Well, let me say this to you.
Even if her acting was good, which she couldn't act her way out of a paper sack,
which quite frankly she should have the sack over her head.
Yeah.
But even if her acting was good, her looks are so grotesque.
I mean, if she was playing a different kind of a role, I can understand it.
Yeah.
But in this particular kind of a role like Apollonia was in the first movie,
she was supposed to be a real hot piece, okay?
And she looks like death on wheels.
I mean, she just grew some.
So her looks detracted from it so tremendously that even if she could act,
it wouldn't have made any difference.
I agree with you.
So I think it's hard to believe I say this, but if you're casting up her,
I think actually, I'd like you say,
I'd have to put out a half a point onto the totalist movie.
Oh, yeah.
And like, the ideal situation if you would have had a winner or an opera,
an opera, an opera, an opera, an opera.
And doofal would have been it would have had another, it would have been a ten.
It would have been an absolute, it would have been an honor of us to be one
appreciate it would have absolute masterpiece.
Like you've looked like Citizen Kane or Godfather once did.
Right.
It would have been a masterpiece.
Yeah.
Because it was always worse than a half a minute.
The act of the writing of it, you've got to think about Copoli,
did it help with any directed, you corroded, you kissed some good music.
I mean, even I like his father's music.
Music was great, yeah.
Oh, he had a lot of birds for one human being.
Right.
So what I'm saying is this production company had a,
the vacuum was filled by the nearest person that was his daughter.
I mean, he could have got some other one though.
And I think he should have got another one, a attractive one though.
So saying, like you said, even if she couldn't act,
attractive one, no would have been attractive.
So in court, he would have been attracted to, oh, I see why.
She can't act but she's good looking.
Right.
So that's the point I have to make in the history before if you had seen the New York stories,
you know, this is where I'd be a totalist answer.
All the prognosticators were right when they said this is the weak point of the movie.
Forget it, but here I walk, that's multi-painted.
This is the major, the major Achilles heel of a movie that could have been a perfect tan.
It was like not the economy, she's falling off the high beam.
It's like, you know, it's not the way.
Other watchers, other watchers, other watchers, you have a perfect movie.
Found, what other people said, this movie was a perfect setup for Godfather's For.
Oh, yeah.
When I predict, and I'm not, you know, I'm not an expert,
I predict this will be a continuation.
Godfather's For, Godfather's For, Godfather's For,
I would hand you a card saying, becoming the older Don, it'll be, it'll be perfect.
Because this is a kind of story, there's only, there's a mafia, it can be told forever.
Why?
You're an item.
You bet.
Okay, Neil.
Thanks a lot.
Alright, bye.
Okay, 1235, and we hope that Sophia Coppel is listing in today from the West Coast.
We have an open line in Broward, 524, one on the Star Line, Star I-O-D,
and Palm Beach is as dormant as a church mouse.
If we can say that today, on the day after Christmas, 655-9463.
655-W-I.
Oh, I'm sorry.
W-I-D.
Hi, Alia.
Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
Neil, it's all the movie, yesterday, and I loved it.
Well, okay, I just feel like the way you feel about Tom Hanks, I feel the way about George Hamilton.
Yeah.
How do you feel about George Hamilton?
I hate George Hamilton, but again, now see, if Robert Duval was in it, that character could
have been given a more meaningful role, and it would have added something to the movie.
That's what I just want to say.
George Hamilton didn't, he didn't detract, he didn't add, he was just there, and thank God they had enough sense not to give him a lot of lines,
not to let him do much.
He was just there, which is all he needed to be, and unless we saw him the happier I was.
I don't like him, he didn't fit in there with them, we didn't find out anything about him or what he was supposed to be, and that's fine.
Neil, your audience is missing a lot of the movie.
Well, we don't want to give it away.
No, I don't want to give it away, but when they go to the board meeting, the guy that tells, the guy that gets killed at the end by a suicide,
the guy who comes and sticks the thing in him, he's the one that's running everything, he's the main mafia guy in Italy.
Look at him, look at him.
Look at him, look at him.
Look at him, look at him, look at him.
Look at him, look at him, look at him, look at him.
You can see that line again, there were so many points that were throwbacks to Godfather One, because member in Godfather One, Marlon Brando says, and they had opening scene, he says,
someday in that they may never come, I'll ask you for a favor, you know, in exchange for this justice, but by then, of course, when Sonny gets shot on the causeway, they take his body to this guy who's the funeral director.
Right. Right, no, you're always asking for favors for things that they do, and the reason I heard you mention earlier, the reason that he tells,
that he tells Vicente, don't tell the people the way you feel, is so that he learns, even if he's in front of his sister, in front of the trusted people, that Godfather,
so I suppose, to show anybody the way he feels, he's supposed to keep it.
So that line has meaning, everything is father taught him, he tries to teach it to the Godfather's going to be, he's kind of grooming him to take over for it.
And the reason they put the gun inside the candy, he's going to go to the Vatican, so he's got to walk in, he's got to be searched, so he wants to get it through.
You know, there's a lot of little things that, you know, like you say, when you see it the second time, I've seen both movies like 16 times, and I'm serious one about four or five times, so I can really understand that.
You see, you see this one four or five already?
No, I want to see four or five times, so that, you know, I thought it was great, I don't think it's like one or two, but, you know, standing on its own, like you said, it's, you know, it's Godfather.
Okay, so there's a little bit, there's some funny parts where, you know, in one or two, nobody laughed, and the movie where I went to see it, there's some parts that people are actually laughing.
And, you know, and some people are saying, well, they were laughing and it wasn't supposed to be funny. That's a lot of crap.
For example, in the early part of the movie where Al Pacino is making fun of Andy Garcia because he's so much like his father, and he comes in and he's having, and they're trying to make some peace, and right away he's getting temperamental flying off the handle.
And he's mocking him and it's funny. It's a sterile.
He told Frank Sinatra, I'm going to go listen to some 20 minute records.
You know, some parts are, I thought, I'm a Martino.
I think you got to be loud and to feel this way, but I thought, I thought she was great.
I liked the daughter.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
I tried him.
You thought she was attractive.
Yeah, I'm like Andy Garcia. I'm Cuban. I thought she was great looking. I would have, you know, I would, you know, I'm kind of sad to the children.
Eric Cuban guy who is listening right now is impaling himself with a letter opener or some sharp eye.
I don't think so.
You're telling me that Cuban guys have tasted that bad?
That bad.
Even George is stabbing himself with a stiletto.
I've got some nice, facial face.
He had nice lips.
Nice body. I mean, I liked that one.
I think what you had in mind has already been done too many times in the past is why her lips look like.
She's like, oh, man.
She looks like she looks like.
You know what her lips look like?
You remember in Godfather I, after Al Pacino got smacked in the head by a mccloskey, he got the black eye.
And his whole, his cheek was all blown, your lips were all like often.
That's what she looks like without the punch in the eye.
Make jagger lips.
Oh, no, she's like, oh, whoo.
I like cheeks.
Well, I loved the meal.
It was good talking to you.
Okay.
Okay, take care.
Man.
You're Cuban, guys.
Man, I hope that he wasn't speaking for you.
George says, count me out.
Oh, she, I mean, I just detracted from the movie.
When you go see it, if you haven't seen it yet, which is most of you, when you go to see it,
and you look at her, it will detract because you'll keep, you'll keep, first of all, if you've eaten lunch or dinner already,
you'll keep trying to keep the food down.
And secondly, you'll keep thinking consciously that why did he do this?
I mean, to such a great epic that he's put together here, these now three of them.
Why did he allow nepotism in his personal feelings, interfere with his judgment?
I mean, she just, oh, sensuous lips.
Even my dogs would kick her out of the house.
I'd guarantee.
Oh, by the way, I just want to say this.
The movie was started, like I said, at my theater at the Mercedes Theater,
50 minutes late yesterday.
And I've got all these ads that go up there for a Joe's plumbing and it's a toilet bowl fixing.
And I just, I mean, it's crass, the way they do things in all the movie theaters today.
And people are starting to rattle their popcorn and their cage.
I mean, I'll write it.
We've been sitting here.
Of course, everybody got there early because the place was packed.
So you've been sitting there already 35, 40, 45 minutes.
Let's get going.
And now the lights have already gotten a little bit dim.
Now they go completely dark.
And there's that black background and it says, Paramount Pictures presents.
And all of a sudden there's like a hush.
Herman's Hermit's is singing.
There's kind of a hush that falls over the theater.
And then in the background, now the music is great, but it's all like,
it's like a variation of the music from the first two movies, but different.
But it's great.
And then all of a sudden in the background, behind the Paramount Pictures starts.
And you can hear everybody in the audience gasping for oxygen for some of more from sunrise.
So it was to be expected.
And at that moment on, you should be in heaven.
Okay, because those of you who are real aficionados of one and two,
I mean, what the hell more can you want, right?
So she was ugly and Eli Wallach was a statue and George Hamilton's a putz.
We already knew that, okay?
Mobile in Boka.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a first time caller and a Sicilian on a portable phone.
A Sicilian with a portable phone with a direct line to the Vatican, okay?
I was born in Sicily 1945 and came over in 1949.
And you weren't born in Cologne anyway.
Well, nearby, actually I was born in a little city called Chef Palou,
which is between Palermo, Messina.
Palermo?
Yes, they're all.
And I have family still there, but we won't get into that.
I'm going to see the movie this afternoon with my wife.
What do you think?
What do I think?
Well, I gave it a nine.
A nine?
On a scale of ten.
Oh, wonderful.
I gave the first one of ten, the second one of nine and a half, and this one of nine.
Well, I need your help because I can't remember where my favorite scene from one and two came from.
If you play the, are you playing the music?
I'll do this scene, yes.
Go ahead.
Michael, always remember.
Keep your friends close to you.
And your enemies, even closer.
That was it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Where was that from, Anil?
Where was it from?
Yes, Anil.
Well, it's obviously from the first one because Marlon Brando was then the second one.
George says the first one.
That's great.
George, good work.
Very good.
I don't remember.
I mean, I can't believe I can't remember, but it was in the first one.
I can't remember.
Well, we're getting old.
Michael gets very old at the end of this one.
Okay, real old.
Yes, very old.
Very old right now.
And I'm out of material news.
Have a good time, my friend.
Say hi to the Pope.
Tell them we're giving three and a half points on the game Sunday.
Okay, 1258 at WIOD.
We have an open-line in Broward County, 524, Corleone, 524, WIOD.
Can we have brought back fat Clementso one more time?
He did a job on those.
Can only he to probably say that guy, man.
For Lauderdale.
Yes, I, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I'm just a little curious.
If the real Godfather had found out that his daughter was stooping the cousin,
wouldn't he have them castrated?
Well, I think he was so glad, you know, in spite of all his protestations,
I think he was so pleased that anybody even looked at her.
I think that, subliminally, he was fighting those urges.
Oh, maybe you're right.
And number two, what am I talking about?
Did you see it?
Did you see it?
Yes.
Wouldn't you agree with me that she's one of the most ghastly things I'm going to walk the face out of your ear?
I don't believe it.
Even Bigfoot wouldn't look at her from a distance.
Diane Caiton kept saying throughout the entire movie what a douchebag he was,
and then at the end she tells me how much she loves him.
Yeah.
I didn't get it.
I'm a love you so much, I'm going to die.
Well, she was thinking of Clementso and a great meatballs used to make with that pasta.
Have a great day, Paiza.
Okay.
Here we go.
But what time you know that was incredible.
Oh, I faded that out when I recorded that because the card isn't long enough that goes on forever.
Now, there must be a soundtrack right for every movie there's a soundtrack,
especially when we have an epic performance like this.
Let's get that over here right now.
I bet your friends in specs have already got it right?
Must have.
And the music is very similar but different.
This is the Neil Rogers 1-2 hour.
You got a problem with that?
Oh!
That's my opinion.
I'm Mike Disney.
Hello.
I'm Frank Bartles and this year's my partner James Brown.
As the weather starts getting too hot, we hope you will reach for one of these.
New Bartles and James Brown wine cooler.
It tastes good.
They come in three funky flavors.
Gravity grape, crime of fashion fruit, and my personal favorite papaya.
Papaya's got a brand new bag.
It'll get you all faster than a big city lawyer.
And a single pack serves six to ten.
Just like James.
Neil Bartles and James Brown wine coolers.
The cooler cooler made in the cooler.
Now the harm bars everywhere.
Thank you for your support.
You see they let him out yesterday.
He did some kind of a concert for some douche banks.
107 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Palm Beach of course.
655 WIOD.
During the news break, we're raising money for Camilo Sounds, even like by accident.
I'm standing in our almost empty programming orifice with Mr. Riley,
who's fresh back from California with a banjo on his thing.
And Stephanie Brownfield comes in from the newsroom and three of her,
well, one of her friends has given her a three checks.
Let's put it that way from her little circle of friends.
We should only have friends like that.
That's 600 big ones.
How do you like that?
So we now have 92,670 bucks in County.
This has been a very productive day.
What is it you're looking for?
What do we need?
What would you lose?
Is that guy in a mobile is he around here somewhere that's got the Godfather three tape?
Because I'd give him 100 bucks.
I'd give him a Chris Pundry dollar bill.
Because that's what he wants for.
He's got a videotape, virgin, pirate, whatever.
Is that on?
I've got Father Three.
What do you mean of what?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Keep getting for it.
come on of this.
but I don't know.
if I'm not mistaken
King Pck.
They're back
And if I were van
Peter Bly HO
You always look pretty
adorable.
Right,les.
a little white smoke in perfect no that the white smoke goes up when they get a new one
yet and then he died that's in a movie we see that when they picked him there with the white
smoke ok
but there was a lot of smoke in a movie and then the three-star round orange juice like little
cigarette girls and uh... and Hershey bars and all that candy bars
up trinkets chatsky so i would have had to donate half
you like it
you think i don't know
i didn't i didn't enjoy godfather to and i thought godfather one was just
wonderful and i read it
you know the few books that one thoroughly enjoyed i could read the book you did
not enjoyed the second of the book was great you know i will probably because
i needed to see it a couple of times it's one of those things you do get lost
there's a lot of family stuff to follow yeah
and i even then it like lost me
i'll tell you the part that really is good is toward the last third which you
know there's going to be a fourth one is when i get into suds kulman's back to
the sun yeah that part is incredible
and conny is getting all his stuff out there
yeah we had kind of a bad enough
and then did you hear the article about the guy
a lot of manual stunned
i i i'm speechless on that i got to know what you can be just like him because he
was to they keep doing all the short jokes with uh... people like
george you know i see george and he gives me a high five yes i just gonna
join us people with kids
know how miserable you can get it's just like we got a new one they don't have
any
all suds
no way
he
he didn't even think you could do it i don't think i don't know
well it doesn't happen by us most is that somebody tell them that
well it's one woman called in and i you know
pointed that out
no he's forty six and this is i said he can play a little wheelchair cat
and so so like when his kid is like like i said the other day kids that be
seven eight years old go to school
and they'll say uh... johnny what is your father they'll say oh he's in that
broadcasters nursing home exact in orlando well you know when they get like
two and they get a little walker
it can borrow suds
it's gonna be great so is purely oxidant yeah
and i you know i i don't really know where the rumor is going right's purely
oriental but we'll see what it uh... gets born well it was a surprise to him so
it could be evidently yeah maybe she a pull a little fast one so to speak
how many she been getting tired of waiting all these years how long they've been
married
uh... six years
only six years yeah well is this like how many
how many what how many wives is this like his all this is a second one second
yeah
and then have any from the first one no
are you serious yeah well maybe uh... something happened to him i'd i i
s i asked whether she like miss read the the days of the week or there was a
pinhole or what
yeah
what about it and i don't know her
yeah
well i know that i'll tell you
if you wanted to see a look i mean i wish i had a camera that day
wow because when he found out
it was just he was uh... boy
yeah that's a little old to begin up at two o'clock in the morning to
screaming and asking and waiting and changing diapers isn't it
well i don't know june allison does that she's older now that's true
so how is mommy she was hysterical you went to elia for the weekend she wasn't
expecting you had to see her in years yeah
dressed up like sanny claus here and a half i dressed up like santa claus with
your zuba pants gave her a car
and i had it you gave her the cobra
no i gave her a car i got a car brought brought her brand new car
you're making a hell of a more money than some people are letting out some
of them sometimes you got on a live not me
i have a lot of you love my mom a check every month i pay her rent her utilities
well there you go so i'm just making car i'm making car payments
she had a car that she's had since seventy eight it had not eighty one thousand
miles on and one at one point
now my mom's got an old well it's not that old it's like an early eighties
corolla which she's a great vet which he just had painted yeah
and uh...
well one point we were right in somewhere and i in fact i was driving her car
because it's like my brother was here for the holidays
and we're visiting my rich aunt in hellandale
who's rubbing her nickels together today and uh... i drove the toyota and man
that thing is uh... not for me i mean the girl is a nice car now but this is
old one here so i got like thirty thousand miles as all she does is go to
the store and back on every day and in a moment of weakness i said boy i
gotta get you a new car that and that don't go by me any cars and boy that's
all she had okay no problem
if she's happy with it call you up and remind me not to buy any cars and talk
about corvettes my luck yesterday i went there early yesterday because i went
to the movie at the one o'clock showing yeah so went to lunch at mommy's early
so we're watching the prices right okay yeah and the curtain opens and
are given away a brand new ninety one corvette
and it's the game where they have to get the have um... five numbers and the
like they're all one number off oh yeah which you can never win now this no she
didn't want it in a higher price but how much did i say to her i said this is
going to be about thirty five thirty six thousand maybe thirty eight if it's
like loaded with everything
they probably had it at about forty one to forty six thousand dollars now those
prices on that show are so inflated maximum and my mother even said which was
a present because i said why said my car sticker price at thirty five thousand
eight hundred some bucks yeah and she even said all the prices are so inflated
on that show but i know that when i left in the back of her mind she's saying
forty six thousand he paid for that damn thing i just know it you know which you
would think if they wanted to see the price on a Ferrari mom if they uh...
wants an advertisement they'd get the prices down so they say i could afford
a car that people are saying that's it i never could afford that it's crazy yeah
i'm second afforded but if you gave your car he's got a cobra he's no i
told the fiber a viper a viper a viper a
fiber and i said the cobrus that nine eleven sitting out there
or nine eleven nine thirty it's nine thirty
thirty ladies car and uh... no that's a nine twenty eight that's what you have
oh is it yeah want to buy it boy do i heat that car
god it's a nice car you want a good car go go get a car i got a
eyes and everything this is your junk car your
nine twenty eight or she's right yeah and you leave it out and it's like red
but now it's orange because i want to have the only orange in nine twenty eight
and that cool and speaking of that there's a whole bunch of
turquoise metallic that's just like mine they're all over the place now really
well you know you're my neighbors i went out yesterday my neighbors
right next door to me like two houses away
they had company and guess what car they had my car trying to keep up with the
rogers brutal i was so pissed i backed into it with the poor
should i pull it back in drove the vet off the car anyway i said at the
beginning of the show we're going to do a hundred this week we're not because
i forgot it's Wednesday i keep thinking it's monday
i don't know what day it is during these holidays every day is like you don't
know what day there but i kept thinking that
and so we'll go over ninety five by the end of this week because all we got is
tomorrow and friday's mail but then on monday we got the whole weekend mail
and the monday mail so sometime early next week or in the middle of next week we
will reach our goal of a hundred and it'll be um
wouldn't be great if we could do it on monday because that would be before the
new year that would be incredible and then whatever we get the next fifteen
days after that'll be gravy frosting on the cake right sandy right how you doing
good how are you from sandy and bobby fame and candle ladies and gentlemen one
of the great superstars a rising star and a broadcast horizon
well soon perhaps to have their own show you might not think so great of me after
every view the god you do not listen i mean look if everybody liked vanilla ice
cream with bean specks in it we'd all be like johnny dark boy okay i thought i
saw one i saw two i loved them i love alpacino i went there taking it
as the third i mean i didn't compare them to the other two you took it as the
turd i took it as a turd okay on its own
and i give it a four and a half
and
family anymore you couldn't connect with them all are all dead
they're all dead sandy see i figured it out okay they made it into like the
story you know this action type of movie and they kind of just didn't go
backward well didn't you think that the first one was
wait a minute wait a minute you said action kind of wasn't the first one an
action movie with the one that's shooting the whole thing about the movie was
that it was a saga and it was showing the relationships intertwined between
the people and that wasn't there in this one it wasn't there all this time
passed right what he and michael and conny and the relationships
conny hey conny for instance don't i believe her relationship with michael now
i mean she was sitting there giving orders you know when
they took her this is 20 years later i know the michael killed her husband
she knows he killed for a though and that's seen that she says all poor for a
though he drowned but you're missing the point she's a corleon see she's one of the family
and after all of this other he could no longer in that anymore and she and she was fine she was
his advisor he was respected she wasn't really the advisor she was like calm the shot she was
ahead hancho if she was there she was there for him he was like a kind of almost a vegetable
but that's what i'm saying and he was respectable and he had gotten out of all that and then she
kind of like paul's in back in too and i couldn't believe that yeah just when i thought i was out
they pulled me back in but it's true and it's even the part that he kind of gives the blessing
to Vincent what do you mean kind of okay he makes it a corleon he uh he unites him he kisses him on
the thing on the ring the whole thing it just didn't have that feel to it i mean i didn't even
realize that's what he was gonna do it wasn't like they played it up and they had this
in ten seen that yes he is now a godfather and he's not is it was like okay he's not he is
what he's like he's been calling the shots the feeling was there it was like bad sex okay it was
just like that that's so that was uh so fear uh copula and do you really believe she would
fall on with the first cousin in 1979 what girl okay do you know from a high class family with
money would go after her her own car first of all he was like an illogical element to nobody
who the hell what he was he knew he was her first cousin well she didn't care she was so desperate
she'd fallen with a with my dog she was a lot okay exactly and it was disgusting i mean she's like
daddy's little growth smiling and dancing and it was a big joke i mean oh daddy didn't want no
part of her you notice he never got anywhere near her well but she's a man sick to his stomach
that's why that's why he kept getting sick all the time it just didn't do it i mean it's just like
let me ask you this and had little fly back you like it you hated it i didn't hate it all right
now what about what about your husband did you do all right let's give your husband equal
to me i wouldn't hate it because alpacino's in it and i mean i just love alpacino and he's a great
actor and they're you know did had its moments i mean okay the moment where he confesses okay
and then the the guy tells him the priest or whoever that guy is he told him in a priest he was to
be the pope yeah yeah yeah okay he wasn't a pope yeah and he and he confesses right he opens up
his soul and then he tells him you know but i how can i repent or you know i i'm you know how
my and he says to in order to repent you have to suffer it's gonna happen and in the end it happens
when he lets out that whale that last scene that's excellent those are the only two scenes of the
whole movie i really respect it and only because alpacino could pull that off but everything
also the little Mickey Mouse type you're not answering my question why husband hated to
he didn't hate it he just said well you know it's okay you know i wouldn't he wouldn't recommend it
highly you know i mean when i sat in the middle of it and i was thinking to myself maybe i
should have seen home alone i knew it was like bad you know and i'm not like that because i like
misery was a great movie and good fellow's topped godfather three by a long shot by a long shot
i mean that was a good movie i kept hearing good fellows is like a comedy good fellows is an
excellent movie i keep hearing it's a comedy it's not a comedy i don't want to share comedy about the
mafia but it's not a comedy life no matter what kind of life you're in has this funny moment
right serious moment and that's what it was it was the life i mean you follow this guy from a kid
to an adult involved with the mafia until later and of course there's gonna be funny parts of him
growing up you know and his idea of what the mafia was he was a kid and there's funny scenes in
there well maybe we'll do once upon a time in america part two we're making about six hours long
and then the end this time we'll let everybody know what it's all about i think that the third flopped
but the fourth is gonna pick up and they're gonna it just they could have done so much with so many
scenes and they cut them it was like one line or two liners that's it here's the scene it's all
half hour longer i would have said i mean there right right in other words there were scenes that you
could tell that were chopped that left you feeling a little empty thinking boy this needed there
needed to be a little more said here when he made him and we just rushed our way through it
when he made him into a done i mean i really didn't believe that that was i just it was so weird
sandy have a great life i'm glad you enjoyed it for a half okay hi one twenty eight at w i o d
we'll be right back
