Today, Missouri, Duke, Nevada, Las Vegas, LSU, LaSalle, and Oregon State.
Meanwhile, officials say the impasse that has shut down 26 spring training camps will
disrupt the April 2nd start of the regular season.
There are two meetings scheduled for today.
Dan Forzman, Jan Crafter, Lee Trevino, were all golf winners.
Meanwhile, the NBA office is going to be busy considering fines as there was a little
some weekends, fistocups on the court.
Washington, Bernard King, and Indiana's Chuck Persim were thrown out of last night's
game after a third quarter fight.
Then head coaches Wes Uncell and Dick Versace had to be restrained.
They had words after the game on Saturday, Sacramento's Danny, and Utah's Delaney
Rudd were tossed to Matt game, which saw officials call a total of 10 technical fouls.
Martín and Avitalova, Yvonne Lundle, and Boris Becker, all ten as winners.
Looks like this coming summer or fall.
It'll be Buster Douglas against the Evander.
Holyfield, Hurricane's finish up, they're sweep of the Texas Longhorn yesterday, 7-6.
At Mark Light Stadium, sports star 610 comes to it.
At night at 6.05, the bill falls to show at 7.20, and the Hurricanes and Florida
Gators on the basketball court of the arena at 7.30.
On 610 WIOD.
That'd be right.
That'd be right.
Yes.
Okay, it's six minutes until 10 o'clock in the morning.
That's it, Tom.
Already?
It's six minutes until 10 o'clock.
Whoa, oh boy.
As we wrap up the third day of a three day weekend.
For some people.
For some people.
That's right.
For others of us, it's business as usual.
Start of a five day week.
That's right.
But I'm going to Providence tomorrow.
What time are you going to Providence?
On the afternoon.
In the afternoon?
Yes, I will be here in the morning.
Providence, Rhode Island.
Rhode Island.
Yeah.
Where the temperature yesterday this morning was 27 degrees.
Ooh, yeah.
Yes.
Yeah, it'll be nice and cold there.
Yes.
Nice and cold.
Okay, it's five minutes until 10 o'clock.
We've killed all of that.
Yeah, it's, and now without further ado, it's time for Rogers.
Entertainment.
Let's go.
Report.
Well, Michael.
Well, Michael, it's week number two in the event and Donald
Trump's second.
There's not a lot new to report, except that there are both
in Palm Beach yesterday.
But don't forget the tabloids come out today.
And it should be a record selling week at the supermarket.
Check out stands.
Stay tuned.
And Hank Goldberg is regained.
The number one slot in the name dropping competition at W.I.O.D.,
he just barely had a doubt.
Alex Bennews said he was more concerned with getting a date.
And one of.
And one of Sonny Hersch's favorite TV shows,
Alf moves to Saturday night.
That starts in March.
And Pineapple poster boy Manuel Noree.
He has been busy lately.
He's coming out with a new combination record and photo album.
It goes on sale tomorrow in Panama.
It'll be called man.
He's greatest hits and zits.
And from the blue.
From the believe it or not file comes word presidential trainee Dan
quills considering a guest appearance on Johnny Carson's tonight show.
Yeah.
And Wednesday night is Grammy night.
It'll be hosted by Gary Shanling.
And one of my favorites is a little known polka category is Gordon Hartman,
who's nominated for his album, Polka Hollock.
I just like to wish him good luck.
That luck to Gordon Bobso.
And the March issue of Life magazine goes on sale today.
The feature article will focus on Rose Ann Bar's wedding and how they plan to have kids.
Oversize issue.
Right.
And Prince Charles who played polo in a polo match in Viral Beach yesterday will be in Titusville today visiting NASA headquarters.
He then leads for Washington DC where he's expected to announce after.
After his death, he'll donate his ears to medical science.
And finally Michael.
Well, study like this.
Go get him double.
As you know, former president Ronald Reagan was ordered to testify via videotape of the John point,
Dr. Trial about midway through his testimony.
One of the prosecuting attorneys was angered by a response of Mr. Reagan's.
He got so upset.
He told former president Reagan to stick in his bazoo immediately.
Mr. Reagan said he had his bizarre removed in 1987 for the micronary nine to 10 hour.
I guess yeah.
Yeah.
OK, it's 9.57 in the morning three minutes, three minutes until 10.
Neil at 10 birthday less for tomorrow.
See Alexi cosegan Russian.
Right. John daily.
John Charles daily.
OK.
Sydney, Portier.
Actor.
Gloy of Andabilt.
Rich lady.
Right.
Robert Altman.
Director.
That's right.
Bob Richards.
Track.
Oh, I love it when you guys do a mystery.
El Roy face picture baseball.
Mm hmm.
Amanda Blake.
Actor.
Kitty.
Patricia Smith.
Actress Bobby Unzer.
Grace cars.
Roger Penske.
Grace.
Nancy Wilson.
Sang.
She was in town just a couple weeks ago.
Boy, she can sing.
She sure can.
Buffy St. Marie.
She can't sing.
OK.
She tries.
Phil Esposito.
Hockey.
Mm hmm.
Clyde Wright.
Baseball.
That is correct.
Amando.
Jennifer O'Neill.
Yes.
Peter Strauss.
Actor.
OK.
Eddie Albert.
Actor.
This is Edward Albert, the young one.
Yeah.
Son.
Son.
OK.
Patty Herse birthday.
And Evanna Trump's birthday is tomorrow.
Really?
Yeah.
What are you going to get her?
We got her some Hershey kisses.
It is time for the going home music, I hope.
OK.
Yeah.
Well, Mikey, I won't be with you tomorrow morning,
so you know it'll be a rainy day.
See ya.
Oh.
Oh.
Mikey, keep your fingers crossed.
Maybe we'll have to bring our ring coats in with us tomorrow.
Hope so.
Knock on the wood.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Yeah, we'll be here tomorrow.
Who's going to bring the bagels?
See ya.
I don't know.
I'll be here tomorrow.
Michael and probably bring in the bagels.
We'll be Linda Ellerby.
Keep it up, Willard.
I'm 16, W-I-O-D.
Bunk, that's going to do it.
Have a good day.
Stand by for Neil.
And until we meet again, y'all hold what y'all got.
Till y'all get what y'all want.
W-I-O-D, brand new Fort Lauderdale.
Neil Rogers is next after another news update on 610 W-I-O-D.
Next news update at 11 o'clock, bulletins at once.
I'm Henry Barrow, News Talk Radio 610 W-I-O-D.
News Talk Radio 610 W-I-O-D presents Neil Rogers.
To get in touch and talk, call 751 W-I-O-D and date.
524 W-I-O-D and Broard.
Or 655 and 278 W-I-O-D in the Palm Beaches.
Other areas may call collect.
The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers
are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on News Talk Radio 610 W-I-O-D.
424 W-I-O-D and Broard.
424 W-I-O-D and Broard.
424 W-I-O-D and Broard.
424 W-I-O-D and Broard.
424 W-I-O-D and Broard.
424 W-I-O-D and Broard.
424 W-I-O-D and Broard.
424 W-I-O-D and Broard.
424 W-I-O-D and Broard.
424 W-I-O-D and Broard.
424 W-I-O-D and Broard.
424 W-I-O-D and Broard.
424 W-I-O-D and Broard.
424 W-I-O-D and Broard.
Hello Canada and Hockey fans of the United States and Japan Land.
And I'd like to make hello to Canadian servicemen overseas.
This is the Neil Rogers Show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
OK, that's you get all the Canadians in the patriotic spirit that it takes to get them on the bus and go back.
Do you notice that they never rent any cars?
They're too cheap to rent a car.
They drive all the way down here from Quebec, which is a long slip.
And you see all these other rental cars from Alamo and this one and Moishi Slipper Render Car Company.
But not the French Canadians man, all these Quebec plates and boy are they doing it.
Hope you had a good weekend, especially on I-95 it was sensational.
And we had the art festival and the art show and the boat show and everything all in one weekend.
It's like the big two, three weeks out of the year we're really doing it.
And that's it.
And isn't it great?
We got good morning America from ABC here, painting a blue sky.
I wonder if they're going to have Bruce Singer on over there to do blue skies for America.
Tell them how wonderful everything is here.
And the occupancy rate in the hotels is tremendous.
I'm reading in the sunset in the morning.
They chased all the kids away.
And they've got all these Europeans there.
Of course the European currency starts devaluing.
We're going to be in big trouble, but it's good.
Blue sky, everything is fabulous.
We take two, three weeks, a wanes on the line.
We want so much food so soon.
Tell them, tell them, don't worry about the the trimmings and about a lot of fall to all.
And just a whole bunch like immediately.
We don't want to be pushy.
But boy, am I ready?
Because I know it's going to be a grim day.
It's a holiday.
It's president's day.
We're honoring two of America's great presidents today.
Ulysses S. Grant and Warren Harding.
And this is the big day.
It used to be a Lincoln's birthday, Washington's birthday.
But now everything has to be simplified.
Okay, we don't want to get too complicated because most Americans don't even know who the hell it is.
Anyway, what am I doing?
A nightclub routine this morning?
Boy, I feel full of energy here.
I may break out in the song and he's second here.
I feel a song coming on.
Anyway, it's a 10.09.
I don't have a sheet.
Is there anybody working today?
Or is this seven?
I think Channel seven must be celebrating the holiday today because the parking lot look pretty empty.
Pretty empty.
We do have a sheet in there.
Okay, let's see which amateur comedians are coming on at two o'clock today.
Let's take a look and see the names.
The Johnny Walker National Comedy Surge with Bud Friedman.
Comes to the Alex, Alex Bench.
You'll also comedian Anna Collins, whose brother Tom will be in the studio audience supplying the applause.
Coming this week, stripper week, the insightful looking at the attack on our local Newty bars.
And some very well-endowed ladies will be in the building to try to entice some of the horniest guys in the world.
I notice it's basically the same schleppers keep coming in to suck up the free food.
You notice that one old short guy that keeps coming in here for the food.
Don't you people have any shame at all?
My God, it's embarrassing.
Also, it was a great weekend.
Bill and I had a tremendous day out of Gulfstream on Saturday.
Lost our brains.
I had a plunge like you wouldn't believe.
I could have gone to the roof and jumped all at just drowning in a sea of chalk at Gulfstream.
All these three to five shots.
Every race was another three to five, one to two.
And they all won like champions.
I don't want to have a day like that.
It's bad news and you'll never guess who showed up at Gulfstream and plopped himself down right by.
I thought he was just going to come by to say hi, but no such luck.
Fat Rich showed up.
I'm going to tell you something.
He's a nice guy and all of that.
But one day I'm going to be in my house and I'm going to go get up, go into the bathroom and open the door.
And he's going to be in there.
I'm telling you, I just know it's a matter of time.
It's like the shadow.
He's like Lamont Cranston.
He's everywhere.
Rich, you're a wonderful guy.
But go find a life.
Go find some new toys to play with and leave me alone.
Okay, William.
He also never cashed a ticket, which made me very happy.
It did.
It made me real happy because Missouri loves company.
And we got some calls there on the board early, which is a great sign.
And we'll get to them when we're good and ready.
In the meantime, we're going to do a little spot here.
751 WIOD and Dade.
524 WIOD and Broward.
278 9463 and Boken Del Rey.
And 655 WIOD.
Those are the numbers we got.
Hurricanes, by the way, congratulations to Ron Fraser and the Hurricanes baseball team,
sweeping Texas, who supposedly were the number one team in the country.
But I saw some of that game yesterday on ESP.
No, on sports channel.
Oh, well, I almost made a bad mistake on sports channel.
And I will not say anything to sports channel.
We love them and they're a wonderful sponsor.
I won't say anything about Frank Messer because that would be wrong.
Anyway, we want to tell you about the incredible $89 special ed Nutri system.
It continues this week.
Frank Wayne Arnold, who will be here any minute now, any second,
with loads of great food from Arnold's Royal Castle with nearly burgers and all kinds of Hazarai.
Wayne has lost 99 pounds on Nutri system.
In fact, as we speak right now, I wouldn't be surprised if he's just edged over the hundred mark.
And 17 inches off that formerly grotesque, enormous waste.
I mean, he really looks like a different person and you can do it too.
Lose all the way you can for just $89 whether it's 25, 50, 75, all you can for just 89 bucks.
And there are Nutri system locations all over Dave Broward in Palm Beach.
If you'd like to locate the one closest, most convenient to you, call 1-800-344-Thin.
1-800-344-Thin and there is some more good news.
A brand new Nutri system weight-loss center opening this week at 565 West 49th Street in prestigious, Halea.
1-800-344-Thin. You call them right now and tell them that Neil Rogers from WIOD told you to call Nutri system.
Okay, I got a real good idea for the people down in traffic.
When you're logging spots, it's always good to like if you got about four or five car dealers in the same hour.
Lock them all together, you know, like back to back.
Because people, once you do the first one, people are like thinking about, hey, I'm going to go out and buy a new car.
What the hell are they doing downstairs anyway? Are they nuts?
We got some special food. We're going to doctor Wayne when you come in doctors, some of that food for the people in traffic today.
They are in nuts downstairs, 1015 at WIOD. Let's take our first call of the morning.
It ought to be a really tremendous call. By the way, it's kids are all out of school today, right?
And some people, I know there can't be too many people not working.
There was a pretty good amount of traffic today, not heavy duty, but not too bad. Davey.
Morning, Neil.
Yeah. Yeah. Did the chief skate by his own program this time?
He did not have a racing form. Is that right?
And I'm trying to think I don't even know if he had a program. I'm trying to think.
As a matter of fact, I don't think so because when he came rushing in about the fourth or fifth race,
and he looked at the board and he boxed the three favorites in the perfect and lost, of course.
But no, he, I know he didn't buy a form. That's for sure.
And that incredible. I got a call the spy report. You're probably going to get a couple calls on this.
Yes. Bill had told most of his callers to call you and ask you about your par in the last race.
I think that's the name of the horse. What about it?
I don't know. He just said, I don't know. You must have lost on it or something.
Still coming in. He's still running right now. Boy, they bet that horse down like he was a champion.
And I had one chance to get even for the day. I really blew it. It was in a tenth race.
Mike Gonzalez in the feature had Princess Mora and with 111 pounds was in with a feather and paid $17.
And I almost bet it. And then I wound up betting that damn three horse with the Richard Mellory who I see had like two or three winners yesterday.
But up until yesterday, he's been riding like a beginner. He's a really good jockey from New York.
And he's been down here doing nothing. And he rode that three horse in the feature like a amateur on Saturday.
It was embarrassing. Got trapped on a rail behind a dead horse.
But that's that's a way it goes. That's the first race. Bill said he had Gonzalez, but he didn't have the second horse.
Now, while the two that 12 horse in the last race was 25 to one, nobody had it.
Hey, Neil, I got a friend at work, right? His name is Mike.
He used to call him big Mike and he was on a newt your system. He's lost over 80 pounds.
Great. Well, he's not big Mike anymore. Now I call him beanpole.
There you go. And he's looking real good. Just keep it up, Mike. I know he's listening.
Keep it up, Mike. So to speak. Okay. Have a great day. Okay.
Boy, Colters really rubbing it in. Hi. I didn't see you cash.
Many tickets on Saturday. Bill didn't see a cash ticket.
I had the first half of the double. And that was it. Did not cash the double.
Did not cash all day. Nothing. I just kept chasing and chasing was one of those awful days.
You know, but I don't want to I don't want to dwell on it. Okay.
And that counterfeit six horse in the last race with Gonzalez. Mike, you're a wonderful guy.
I'm glad you weren't hurt the other day. It's wonderful to see a winning.
But that horse man, what a piece of garbage. Anyway, we have an opening in the Bokeh and Delray.
Well, listen, we got six calls on there. What the hell am I giving numbers out? Right?
Oh, here's somebody who went to the track. Yeah, I knew it wasn't a beautiful day out there.
Yeah, it was just like heaven until they started running. Yeah.
Yeah, we got there early and we had sat there on the rooftop restaurant.
But I got we got killed. Oh, see of chalk all that heavy duty chalk all those, you know,
and then I got sucked into that four horse in a second race with Jerry Bailey.
He had a horse a week or two ago. That was also a real expensive Mr. Prospector first time starter
and one like a champion. And so I got sucked in on that four horse in the second race.
And he got left in the gate. See, when you got those first time starters, boy, it's tough.
You know, like Castillo won the first race with the first time we're on Saturday.
But I'll tell you more often than not forget those horses. You know, they bet them down and they get left in the gate.
They're green. They're inexperienced. They don't know what they're doing.
Well, not exactly what we were thinking because those first few races there, just, you know, here they were first time starters.
But I tell you, the green sheet had a mom off everyone in those first few races.
Yeah. Well, that's because all that chalk came in. But the green sheet does a really, really do. They do a good job.
But we got killed in a fifth on that no program, taking bills, big advice, you know.
Well, even in second, it was pretty close. Yeah, but we were the three horse with McCauley that won that race.
You couldn't bet that horse with Chinese money.
Right. I know. And I think I cast one time all day.
Well, that's one more than we did combine. So that's not too bad.
Well, listen, it's not important that you cash, but then you have a good time and you make a nice contribution and you plunge your brains out.
We had Foxy reality. Oh, did you? Well, that's good for about what? 560?
560. That was only really low. 12 dollars.
Yeah, I didn't like that horse at all. But I don't want to go through this because nobody cares about it. They're not into this.
You know the one thing. You rather talk about the art festival and the grove.
I went to Highlya, you know, when you tried to take them to Highlya. And Highlya really has a lot of aesthetic beauty.
But boy, it was just gorgeous out there. Yeah. I have people in from Idaho.
Well, I would say Gulf Streams are close second. It's a beautiful place. It was really nice.
Have you eaten that restaurant downstairs? It's right below the rooftop?
Yeah, I don't know because we never pay.
Oh, not we don't have been there in a long time. And so we don't go there to free load.
Okay. In fact, if it weren't for Fred the Usher, we'd have nowhere to sit.
But the restaurant's pretty good down there too, right? Yeah.
Because we were on the rooftop and it was real nice. But I saw it downstairs.
I went in the cafeteria before I got there real early because Bill had that remote.
So he didn't get there at about a quarter to one. So I went there first.
I went into cafeteria. I had some of that chowder and a cheeseburger and a piece of key lime pie.
And that set me up for I was growing good shape for the rest of the day.
Oh, the only a one. Nice. Long.
Hang Goldberg's fire report. You know, he's really not your friend.
He had a good shot where he could have stroked to the other day.
And he didn't on the hockey deal. He was bragging about how some guy in Miami there talked about hockey.
He got a whole four hour show about it. Never mentioned your name. Never mentioned the station.
But where was this? This was when he was doing one of his big set here at the Super Bowl.
When he was, you know, talking all the big.
At the Super Bowl. Not the Super Bowl. What was it? The, uh, Super Bowl.
Toilet Bowl. That was it. I don't know what you're talking about.
It was one. He was talking with a bunch of the press people and they were talking about sports in Miami.
And how that hockey would come down here. And then he mentioned it.
About how that some guy on the radio didn't mention.
But what was it on though? Where was he?
He was on his first sports talk. Oh, well, who cares?
But he had some big weight from one of the, uh, from one of the.
Don't worry about it. Don't lose any sleep over it.
Okay. Could have given you a nice.
But what, what difference would it make? What, what would it change?
Would it change anything? He, he, he was so proud that someone was talking hockey and how big hockey was.
But he didn't mention. Well, listen, Hank's okay. He never stole a freight train. Okay.
And that's right. Well, we'll see on their Saturday.
Okay. Good luck to you. You'll need it. 21 past 10 at W I O D.
What was that all about? I haven't got any idea. Did anybody see Ann Bishop this morning?
I'm good morning, America. I did not see it, of course.
But I heard through the through the ratevine that Ann was on there.
I guess they're trying to butcher up the image of South Florida a little bit.
I heard that they're going to have a new name for the late addition to the news on Channel 10 when Ann is on.
It's the bulldog edition of the Channel 10 news. That would be disgusting.
Wouldn't that? But very accurate. Anyway, that guy is still doing news on four.
I can't believe how bad they've gotten. They are so they're embarrassing.
They're just a disgrace on Channel four. They are floundering.
Floundering. Dick Lobo. Are you listening to me? You're floundering. It's embarrassed.
It's humiliating. Maybe they'll really do this.
I'm just smart thing and pick up that guy. It does the sports from six Dan Ford. He's my favorite.
751 W.I.O.D. and Dave. We have an opening there and Palm Beach is wide open.
You can drive a fleet of Mac trucks right through the middle of it at 655 NERD.
655 W.I.O.D. and we'll come right back.
Hi, this Stan Major joined me tonight after Hurricane Pasca ball at about 930 or so up until 11 o'clock for the major addition.
I do stock radio 610 W.I.O.D.
610 W.I.O.D.
No, 24 past 10 at W.I.O.D.
Big thing on Rick Sutcliffe here on ESPN. We got it on in here now to warm it up for the exercise shows a little later.
And there's a big thing on Rick Sutcliffe on here now. And evidently he's into quarter horses and he got his daughter on there.
And it's about as exciting as death.
Anyway, it's 1025. What was that other thing? I was going to, oh, I wanted to correct myself. I said, Dan Ford.
Who the hell is Dan Ford besides a baseball player? Dan Cogland as in Father Cogland.
Speaking of Father Cogland, did anybody watch the Kennedy thing last night and they be seeing the mini series?
I don't know. I guess it was fairly interesting, but boy, they sure made him out to be a wonderful guy in the beginning.
Wasn't he? How did he suddenly change so dramatically? I don't buy that. Oh, he was just...
Mr. Wonderful and his great boy, those Catholics can sure pump out the babies. Can't they? Man, they knock him out like...
I think about every three months, don't they?
About three times as fast as everybody else. They just knock him out like crazy. But anyway, he was just a wonderful loving father and a great husband that all of a sudden, man, he met Gloria Swanson or something happened.
I don't know what it was. And he turned out to be the ruthless crooked son of an anti-Semite, whatever he was. He really was. He was a bad dude, Joe Kennedy.
He was a bad, bad dude, okay? Just... Just... When is the rest of it on? Does anybody know? Is it on tonight? Probably on the Maronite. That's the way they generally do it.
A snooze spy report from Kendall.
Absolutely. Good morning, Neil.
Absolutely.
From hot from the Alice Rantel show this morning. Yes. One of the first big changes you were talking about last week.
The... By the way, I want you to know, sir, these changes are absolutely final.
Okay.
Never did change again. That's what John Harper is going to say. These changes are final.
You were speaking of dead horses earlier, so I thought I'd come in with this WS News spy report.
Sports talk. Junior, junior is starting over there.
I forget whether it's this week or next week.
At 6.30.
At 6.30.
Well, didn't... Wasn't I the first one to have that on the air, sir?
Oh, I must have missed it.
Oh, yes. On Friday with Alombardo, 6.30 to 8.
I thought it was Guy.
No, he's on Tuesday Wednesday and Saturday.
Oh, okay.
That's just what we need was another sports talk show, right?
Oh, man. This market is embarrassing. It is just listen to the music on the FM stations. Over the weekend.
Every time I'd get in a car and I'd be desperate to hear a little bit of something that I wanted to hear again.
Forget it. Just hopeless. You can keep punching around. You can have every FM in the market on your FM buttons, you know?
And it's hopeless. There's nothing to listen to.
Well, you have a good president's day.
Yes, sir.
To an honor of President Hubert Heaver.
Thank you very much.
Oh, can I call two of my friends D-bags?
Who's that, sir?
Gary and Carolyn, you're both douchebags.
Okay. Wonderful call. You got it all in there, sir.
28 after 10 at WIOD. Two open lines are both in date coincidentally enough.
And probably most of the people in dates still lost at the art festival in the grow in the grow.
It was so exciting. 751 WIOD.
Look, I realized we had a lot of exciting things going on.
They had a million people or something there and all that.
But don't you understand how you're being jobbed in this town?
Don't you realize what a what a farce this all is?
It's like two, three weeks out of the year and all this big stuff goes out.
We got the grand prix on Sunday.
And then all of a sudden it gets to be the end of March or after Easter time.
And it's like, hey, where did everybody wait a minute?
Where they all go?
What's going? There's nothing going on here.
And it used to be made for a few years thereafter.
Thanksgiving would start a little bit now.
It's like after Christmas and usually after the middle of January.
And it's brutal. It really is.
I mean, this town is so far short of what it could be.
And all they keep doing is writing all this pilot.
You are such a bunch of parochial Yahoo Hicks.
All you politicians and all you media people in this town.
You don't know what a real tourist town is all about.
Or you know nothing.
Here it is. It's almost the year 2000.
And we've got the season.
The season is here for a couple of weeks.
And we got all these big things going on.
And then it goes back to being like death Valley days.
You couldn't find a living in because all the old farts now have completely taken the town over.
You see that thing now for Lauderdale is actively campaigning.
They're sending letters to all the college campuses urging them to stay the hell out of here.
Don't come here. Go someplace else.
Unless you have a walker.
If you have a walker, you can come down.
Okay.
Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah. I like to talk about the exciting things happening up here at the Los Olas Art Festival.
I like the timing of that, too.
The same weekend as the Grove. That was very good.
Yeah. Well, at the Poets Restaurant, Debbie Ellis was putting on a eating exhibition.
And Dan Quill found a very entertaining.
But the Secret Service did not.
And they promptly arrested her because they thought that his life was in danger.
He could have been next.
Well, you know, Nick DeVarro had some pointers on how to house Debbie Ellis.
He's advising him not to use the tent because he got into trouble when he used the tent.
Hello.
Yeah.
Oh, I thought I got calm.
Still here. Isn't that amazing?
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm still here.
I'm just waiting to see, you know.
Where's the punchline?
I'm just waiting to see what'll happen.
How long it'll take before you just fall down on the floor, you know.
Well, you know, Gary Bruce has asked a comment on what he thought of Debbie Ellis being arrested at Poets Restaurant.
And he said it was poetic justice.
Not bad.
Okay.
Not bad.
I'm out of it.
Okay. Well, you saved me.
I've not had a tear before I called, but I've never heard of it.
Well, that was redeeming that last part.
Okay. Have a great life, sir.
Everybody's a comedian.
And of course, they all wind up on the Alex Benichot.
1030 at WIOD.
One opening and David, one in Brown.
We're going to keep those lines really sizzling on a Monday.
I'm telling you, I know you don't believe me, but you you mark my words.
Of course, this call from Boko is going to be very short, isn't it?
Oh, did he get disconnected?
What a bad break.
Oh, there is a God after all, isn't there?
There really is.
Boy, that's incredible.
Let's see, we did Fort Lauderdale.
Homestead is right here.
Hello.
Homestead?
Oh, do you think it's a plan.
Plantation.
Oh, hi, Neil.
Yeah.
What is your question?
What is your question?
Saturday night.
The movie was that for the bowling scene for the hardcore celebration.
What are you talking about?
What the hell?
Steve Kane was the expert.
On what?
On the movie.
What about it?
Oh, come on.
Did I miss something, and what you just said?
Oh, I don't think so.
You're pretty good, though.
Yeah.
What is he talking about?
Does anybody have any idea?
Uh, Broward.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah, I got a Bob Lassipist by report.
I was in Chicago listening to him, and he was doing a program on drunk driving.
His idea was that if you fail to breathalyze a test, you go straight to jail.
So this, Gal calls up, and she says, well, I'd rather drive drunk than walk drunk,
because if I'm walking drunk, there's a chance I could hit by a car.
And he says, you know, all my life I wanted to go to a big market because the callers would be intelligent.
And I got a big kick out of that.
I guess you didn't get a kick out of it.
Hmm.
Boy, did I come in like in a dream world this morning?
I must be really just fantasizing, huh?
It's back to Monday again, okay?
Forget about the holiday.
Forget about President Truman, okay?
It's just back to Monday, big time.
Okay.
Well, from the channel, Tim, I wouldn't have seen you.
I guess that the Q and A.
Hey, where's that going?
What, what's you doing with that?
My shame, guys.
Oh, my God.
Quick, quick, quick, stay with the wife.
She was fed up with reading one story after another about drugs and violence.
Now, she wants to write the rules and rewrite the news in...
...and...
...whole...
...starring and vicious.
Don't kill me, please.
I'll see you tonight at 5.611.
Gal.
...and whole...
...and...
What are you going to do with me?
When I get through with you, there won't be enough of you left to make a good, true pay for Don No.
And...
...whole...
...starring and vicious.
Also, starring Carl Weathers is to wipe blood or nails.
And Don No, says Don No.
And I shall marry Ronald, but where?
And Bo, she re-roams the news.
And Bo, coming soon.
I'll bet. 1033 at WID.
We hit a brick wall.
There was every line lit and then I went to that line 7.
And it was gone.
And since that moment, it's like death-fally days on that phone.
Well, you people are brutal.
You really are. It's just incredible.
And you notice all the response about that Kennedy thing on ABC last night?
They don't even know what the hell I'm talking about.
WIOD.
Good morning.
Yeah.
Yes.
What is it?
Yeah, okay.
Guys, trying to have a moving experience.
Do you hear these voices?
Boy, they all really sound the same, don't they?
All right, let's go to a J&O spy report on the Palm Beach Line.
Hello.
Big D here.
Yeah.
Mike Miller and Lee Fowler, I just intercepted an internal memorandum to John Becono, the station manager.
Your name came up.
They called you a douchebag.
But more importantly, in a later memo.
Sir, let me say this to you.
For the benefit of the listening audience, have a wonderful day.
Okay.
All the amateur comedians this morning, they must be a lot of people off from work today.
Wow.
That starts at two o'clock.
Okay.
The amateur comedy hour.
Don't call in here and try to be funny and make jokes.
You're pathetic this morning.
It's embarrassing.
It's degrading and humiliating and disgusting and revolting and nauseating and unbelievable.
Although it's not too bad.
1034 WIOD.
Let's try one.
Is there anything here that's worth going to?
Gilbert Report?
No, I'm going to go to this one in North Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you?
Oh, I don't know.
Oh, boy.
I don't know.
I don't know neither.
Are they funny today, huh?
I was over at Edmackwood of Gong.
Every one of these callers off in the first two seconds.
I saw the nurture system show.
And I understand Alex didn't even show up.
Is that true?
I don't have any idea.
What is this another crank call?
No, honestly, I was there.
And I asked him.
Well, if you were there, what do you mean you understand he didn't show up?
Well, I don't know who he is and I asked to come to the guys and they said they didn't even know who he was.
I was over there, Neil.
Uh-huh.
And I saw Steve.
Oh, isn't that exciting?
Steve looks awful.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, he looks about 80.
Oh, my God, he has no ass.
And I'm telling you.
I'm not talking about his ass.
I don't care about his ass.
He really has none.
And he looked terrible.
Well, is that how you judge how somebody looks is if they have an answer now?
Boy, I'll tell you that guy.
Who's that guy, um, the actor who was on a Kennedy thing last night?
I don't know.
I didn't watch that.
Oh, gee.
What is his name?
Charles Durning.
Oh, oh.
He looks great.
You know why?
He's got an ass like the side, the state of Montana.
That's right.
So that's the barometer, man.
He looks fabulous.
I should have watched it.
I watched it tonight, then.
No, I should watch it.
God.
What happened to these people over the weekend?
I don't know.
But Steve really looked here.
I thought you might like to know.
Well, no, I don't wish that he looks terrible.
He looked terrible when he left here.
He was aging rapidly.
I know.
Let's see.
I haven't seen him.
Really.
I don't think I've seen him in person two or three times.
Well, you're lucky.
I know.
But anyway, the show is great.
And I'll tell you, some of the women, the towns that they lost over there was absolutely
fantastic.
I don't need it.
I'm just saying it's not worth it.
Okay.
Well, part two of the Kennedy thing on ABC is tonight at 9 p.m.
Okay.
I'll watch.
I'll watch.
I'll watch during.
And you'll love.
Well, I don't know if he's going to be alive too much longer.
He plays a John Fitzgerald.
Oh, he does.
He played Joe Kennedy's father in law.
Oh, oh, oh.
Okay.
Well, I watch it now.
I'll take a good look.
And if that's what makes you happy, boy, you'll be delirious.
All right.
I'll take a good look.
Okay.
Yeah.
He's got an A, the size of even bigger than Al Goldstein, which is almost impossible.
We have an open line in date, 751 W.I.
Did the audience is incorrigible today.
These people just, even she was crazier than a bed bug.
We want to tell you about bagels and company right now at 110th and Biscayne Boulevard.
Fantastic fresh, delicious bagels and biolies and hand-picked whitefish,
sabre, locks, nova, kippred salmon, fancy lake, sturgeon, egg salad, white meat, tuna,
crab meat, shrimp salad.
And if you're into pastrami, somebody of the other day was in here and they said,
you can't get a good pastrami sandwich in this neck of the woods.
You're dreaming, boy, they have got pastrami that's every bit as good as what you got up north.
See, part of the problem with pastrami down here is you've got all these people over the age of 100
and they like it real dry with no taste.
Okay.
So that it like crumbles in their mouth and they don't have to chew it.
But if you want a great pastrami or corn-beef sandwich, then bagels and company will put one together for you that'll knock your socks off.
Okay.
They're open for breakfast and lunch seven days a week starting early, six in the A&N.
And they also put together sensational party planters.
They just give them a couple of days notice and you can either pick it up or they'll deliver it right to your door within a five mile radius.
Bagels and company we are delighted to have found them.
They do a super job.
They're at 110 Biscayne Boulevard right in Miami and here's their phone number eight nine two twenty four thirty five eight eighty nine bagel is the easiest way to remember.
Bagels and company just look for the white building with the blue awnings a hundred tenths in Biscayne.
Friday morning seven twenty a.m.
Migrenary reads a six ten W.I.O.D. soft floor to sweepstakes winning number two three one seven three four one.
It didn't take long for a listener to claim some cash.
Frank what can I do for you?
I like a thousand dollars.
You like a thousand dollars?
Is that what it is?
Why would you like a thousand dollars?
I have to win a number.
Congratulations Frank.
Oh that's great.
Listen for your winning soft floor to sweepstakes number throughout the day and get ready to grab your share of the cash.
And congratulations to our most recent winner Frank Patrick I am.
Frank I believe it's from Newstalk Radio 610 W.I.O.D.
What's this?
W.I.O.D.?
Here's Andy Loonie, star of 60 Bickets.
You know what bothers me?
Whatever you try and buy some new dungaries you can never find a pair that fits just right.
That's why I helped design denim pants for people like me.
Introducing Andy Loonie's Watered Down jeans.
Oh sure they look old and wrinkly like me.
But they're made of 100% cotton.
Pickin' no good, welfare.
Andy, Andy.
Oh sorry.
Anyway just watch what happens when I yank on a pair.
You see they fit so snug in the crotch they cut off circulation to your brain.
And at no time you'll start saying things that make no sense at all, especially about minority types.
Darn.
Look, I know what it's like to get caught with your pants down.
So they had discriminating shopper like me by Andy Loonie Watered Down jeans.
I think they're great.
But hey, I'm prejudice.
By the way talk about a big joke last night at the end of 60 minutes they were doing the thing with the letters you know.
And most of the letters were about Andy Roonie.
And there was Mike Wallace, good old right wing Mike Wallace sitting there telling us about the overwhelming majority of you sided with Andy.
And this is also ridiculous and he read a couple of stupid letters.
I just wanted to fall on the floor and puke my lunch breakfast in dinner.
Which yesterday was non-stop.
Man I ate from the time I got up in the morning until the time I went to bed.
It was tremendous and all of it was great.
Here's little Joey sitting around waiting for lunch is not great.
Let's go to a mobile and four-letter day.
Pick up these call or wait a minute.
Hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
Just want to ask you did you take Saturday night live?
No, I did not.
I don't watch Saturday night live.
I thought you would have made an example.
Saturday night live has not a good show in 15 years.
Oh, last night where I was Saturday night was the you Tyler showing more body than he showed in ages.
Well, you can watch the videos.
He's got his naked in all the videos anyway.
So he was just about naked.
He was showing parts that you know don't even.
This data that they got to put a bag over his head though.
You know, I'm embarrassed.
I'm never going to live down the fact that I really once upon a time because they show him so briefly like a hundredth of a second.
You know, for I mean the face and now I know why.
They were going a lot of face.
Very nice.
He was so ugly.
Yeah.
He's gruesome.
He's frightening.
It was it was scary but he was showing all kinds of well Neil be having.
Yeah, well for a 40-year-old guy he does have a good body.
Yeah, he's that old?
Yeah.
But his face shows his body I guess must have been protected.
The drugs must not have affected below the neck.
No, they did.
But above the neck man they did a wicked job.
That was never recovered.
Those lips and mouth.
He could French kids have moved.
Exactly.
Anyway, that probably has knowing him.
Hey, everybody has a thrill somewhere.
You bet.
Anyway, so the hell with Andy Rooney and I'll talk to you later.
Okay, sir.
Bye.
A rep at Arch.
1042 as they say on the Larry King show.
We do have it opening in Broward now and one in date and one in Palm Beach.
Isn't that amazing?
As soon as he hung up two other lines went out.
Boy, this is one of those really bizarre, psychotic days.
There's this is an omen.
Where did I see that horse?
I think it's at Pompano tonight.
Boy, if you don't go up there and plunge your gutshot and it's Jeff Gregory too,
who hasn't been doing squat lately.
But he's got a horse in the 12th race tonight, the one horse.
And the name of the horse is Perinoid.
And boy, that doesn't fit in perfectly with this day.
So if I were you, I'd go up to Pompano tonight and plunge thousands on that horse.
Okay, just plunge your gutshot.
Here's another mobile.
Are they there?
Yes, they are.
Excellent.
Very good.
I think.
How is your presence day going?
Oh, fabulous.
Boy, I tell you, President McKinley would be proud.
That, that, uh, Kennedy thing has been three parts.
Yeah, I noticed Wednesday is the third part.
I'd select, that's a little much, isn't it?
Well, why did they skip Tuesday?
Oh, they do skip Tuesday.
Well, because they got some crap on it.
I guess they want everybody to see.
I don't know.
I don't pay any attention to those networks.
So I don't know what's on.
Well, I can understand why they skip Tuesday.
But you were talking about Ritz's foot clappers.
What's his name?
Ritz, I believe.
Ritz Suttov.
I was on the air check, yeah.
And I brought this baseball magazine produced by Major League Baseball
and they were all over the Cubs pitching staff.
I mean, they were saying, when you get past Greg Mottik,
it's all over.
It's night, night.
But I wanted to fact you, uh, the whole thing about the Cubs,
they got a scatter report on them and a whole thing.
They've never even come down on Mike by leaky.
But I'm not doing this.
Oh, oh.
Oh, my.
God, that's worse than attacking the Bible.
Are you crazy?
No, I'm serious.
What the hell was wrong with Balecki?
He was, what, 18 and 8 or something like that?
What the hell is wrong with him?
They said he'd be lucky to win 10 games this year.
Oh, my God.
Who wrote this?
Somebody from the Metz No Doubt.
I don't know who wrote it.
I'm not sure who wrote it.
But, um, did you see where they picked the Cubs last year?
They picked them a fourth or fifth.
Right.
So they know what they're like.
What the hell do they know?
I know a lot.
Did you see where Mitch Webb's your went?
Yeah, to Cleveland.
Cleveland.
The million and a half or something.
I knew that would break your heart.
The only Chicago.
That's old news.
That's ancient news.
Oh, I know.
But I'd never call you, so.
Well, I know, but it's like from, why are we talking baseball?
They're not playing.
God only knows if they're going to play its disgusting.
Well, I'm depressed.
As usual, the fans get screwed.
Okay, that's what sports is all about.
There you go.
Everybody's making big bucks and the fans get screwed.
There you go.
I agree with you, bud.
I'm just depressed.
Like, I got to bring it up.
Okay, so to speak.
Have a great day.
1045 at WIOD.
Everybody's depressed today.
What happened?
The dolphins lose yesterday?
Must have been an unpublished workout.
We have an opening in Broward 524 WIOD.
Or maybe a lot of you went to the track over the weekend and you drowned in a sea of chalk.
That's possible like some of the rest of us.
All those real, real short prices.
Three to five and one to two.
We don't want that crap.
Okay.
Bring back those 25 and 40 and $60 horses.
That's where it's at.
The hell with all these.
And by the way, I have a little tip for you when you go out to go out.
You know, you know, you're just going to have a little bit of a rough stream.
Just look in your program and it's only 50 cents.
Even in fact, Rich could afford a buy program if he weren't so cheap.
And look at the program and look for all the horses that Hasinto Vazquez is riding and just cross him out.
Just get a big crayon and when in doubt, cross him out.
Okay.
Boy, he is not that I bet him.
This isn't sour grapes because I wouldn't bet him with your money.
But he just comes down here and it's just brutal.
I mean, there are no words to describe what he does when he's here.
Let's, let's see.
A mobile and four lotter day.
I think I, is that the one I just did?
Is that another one?
Hello.
Hello.
You're not a mobile, are you?
No, not.
Well, you lucked out.
He's got it all screwed up here.
He doesn't know what's going on.
Listen, I was diving Key West and, uh...
Isn't that something?
No, it's here he is.
Uh, listen into...
What is it?
FM107.
Uh, Donnie Osmond was sitting in for the shadow.
Yeah, she was.
She was an American top 40.
Oh, I see.
Great.
So, pretty exciting stuff.
Pretty heavy duty, huh?
Yeah.
Oh.
Automatical.
Okay, I'll deal.
Okay, well, I'm sure glad we got the exciting weekend out of the way.
Okay, so I'll go back to terminal boredom.
Thank you, sir.
All right.
Okay, that's what this is all about.
People are a little bit shaken because there were a few too many things going on this weekend.
And now we're just getting ready to go back on that downhill slide.
In fact, they're doing skiing on the ESPN right now.
And it reminds me of tourism in this town.
We're just getting ready to go on that straight downhill slide
until like the middle of July when it really gets heavy duty here.
We have an open line in Palm Beach, 6559.
Well, it's so hot in July.
It all good.
How come if it's so hot in July and August?
And that's why nobody's here.
How come I can honle Lulu or a 10 Y key where it takes $8 billion and a million hours to get there from anywhere.
How come they're all packed up and you can't even get a hotel room?
And it's 87, 90 degrees every stinkin' day.
And don't tell me about the trade winds.
It's hot.
I mean, I like it, but it's hot.
How come they're up packed and they don't have any gambling.
They don't have anything except a lot of fun and a lot of bodies and a lot of ocean and a lot of good times and great food and lu-aus and stuff and living and breathing people under the age of 100.
Maybe that's what it takes.
Ooh, he said something terrible, right?
A Gilbert report from Cooper City.
This is like becoming a nightmare.
Hello.
Yes, Neil Gilbert has really stepped up in the world now.
Okay, good.
Let's pack him a sandwich.
He's calling sports talk shows and he started with the media giant Bruce Warner, Sunday night.
Bruce Warner.
Yes, he related to...
You're the UAM.
Warner Wolf?
Bruce Warner.
I never heard of him.
Media giant.
Yeah.
And he mentioned your name and Bruce Warner says we don't want to talk about that guy, not on this station.
Oh, except in the morning.
Except in the morning, right?
Great. Well, that's good.
I'm glad Gilbert's stayin' busy, okay?
Yeah, okay, Neil.
Thank you, sir.
Gilbert, please, give it a rest.
Would you...
Somebody's got to just take Gilbert's phone and put it on hold for a few months.
We have an opening on the Palm Beach Line, 6559463.
This first hour is deadly.
It's almost over with, but it's been deadly.
Let's tell you about Toyota of Hollywood.
Then when we come back, I know the calls are really going to pick up.
I apologize for about the first half dozen people who all thought they were comedians today.
I shouldn't have to, but I mean, they were embarrassing.
And I think that's kind of stemming from this new amateur comedy hour.
That seems to be sweeping the nation as far as talk format is concerned.
Amateur comedians.
Speaking of that, by the way, the Alex Barnett show this afternoon,
and the Johnny Walker National Comedy Search with Bud Friedman,
comes to the Alex Bennett show.
Oh, that's the guy that stands in the nightclub on that thing on TV.
Is that the guy stands over in a corner?
And laughs like crazy.
And the comedian, Anna Collins, and this is Stripper Week, et cetera,
and free food in our live studio audience.
And good luck to you all.
Anyway, Toyota of Hollywood's got some fabulous used automobiles.
If you're in the market for one, instead of buying from one of those fly-by-night side of the road,
use car dealers and every town's got them.
There's always used car row.
And most of them are on 441 in this town, which is interesting,
because Toyota of Hollywood is also on 441,
so you don't have to travel far off the beaten path to get a great deal on a real quality used automobile.
And you know they're going to be there when you come back,
and you know you're going to get fantastic service too.
And 85 Mazda 626, 5-door hatchback loaded with extras,
low mileage only 4995.
And 89 Nissan Centra Tutor with air conditioning and low mileage only 5995.
And 85 Buick Park Avenue Ford or loaded, 5988.
And 88 Suzuki Jeep with only 19,000 miles on it,
just 4995 in like new condition.
And 86 Ford Taurus in like new condition with low mileage,
4495, 3 solid acres of great dependable used automobiles.
And of course right across the street, all those hot new 90s waiting for you at unbeatably low prices.
It's Toyota of Hollywood, you'll find them at 1841 North State Road 7.
That's 441 between Taft and Sheridan Streets in Hollywood.
Okay, this is very timely, you know, we were just talking about our friend.
And I'm reading this article about where the kids are going for spring break,
and then I'll come into for a lot of time.
And I quote directly from the Sun sent, and listen to this,
says a lot of kids are wanting tours to the Caribbean because of the damage caused by the tornadoes and hurricanes or whatever,
prices are down, Gilbert said.
And the Bahamas are anxiously going after spring breakers.
So Gilbert is everywhere, man. He's got his finger on the pulse of it all, sports of talk, of tourism.
You name it and Gilbert's got his finger on it. Boka.
Yeah, how are you doing now?
Okay.
I must not be watching Sally then.
No.
Guess you would not guess who has dawned to her screen.
Well, how about the Debbie Ellis?
Our senior hall.
Oh, God. Well, she does run a free show, so that speaks for itself.
He's fitting for fit right in.
Anyway, I was talking, I was listening to you about Eucino Vesquares.
Yeah.
What's going on on the phone there? Is somebody strongly on the cord?
I'm quite sure.
But I think the men's is using it as a sash cord.
Anyway, what's the deal with him?
You really hate him a lot, or what?
What is the deal with him?
Well, you know what they say about a fool and his money are soon parted?
That's the deal with him at Gulfstream.
He is nowhere, 90% of the time.
I mean, like maybe one out of every 10 times, it looks like he's going somewhere.
And the rest of the time, it's like, hey, how are you doing?
You know, it's just nowhere. I mean, can't get arrested.
Well, the thing I've noticed about him is, like, he's the first to call a foul, you know, when he raises over and he's...
Well, how can you call a foul when you're running ninth the whole mile?
It's pretty different.
It's a five shot, so you know, he expects everyone to give him a rail, you know, right on through, you know,
and have an easy win.
And if you actually just bump him or even breathe on him, I'm sorry.
