Not be as bad as everyone say.
Okay, Rackamari, okay.
Keep all you brain.
Alright, here we go.
This is for real.
Here we go.
Oh, good one.
Nice 10 times.
Nice viscosity.
Introducing you guys, cotton hawkers for men.
Hey guys, you ever hark a lunger in the car?
You forget the windows.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
You get a blowback on your date.
My brother, my brother, he could gobb one for miles.
Incredible.
I was just going to...
I was trying to get it.
You think you can hit that beer can?
Wait, that one?
Yeah.
Sure.
No, no, no.
Too wet.
No, too wet.
Too wet.
What?
Let me try.
No, no, no, no.
You guys, cotton hawkers.
When you're not wearing hawkers.
Oh, yeah, way to hang a lunger.
You're just wearing a cap.
Wait, no, you got to arse your back.
Okay, yeah.
Wait, wait, wait.
Give me some milk.
Give me some milk.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, yeah.
No.
Oh.
I'm gonna mess with Daniel Hateman, and Luna, thank you.
Now, we're here.
In the city...
...orchestral to which...
this are the unchecked notes...
Exactly...
kabul...
Peace be my friend.
Eh!
Meals right, eyes dark.
Even though you only got a wand.
Five, Joey we still say that you're alright.
Nine, nine, nine, sure.
Let's show it's cold, bump a low.
Bye bye Joey, it's a city you go.
Joey, bye bye.
You got a good spot baby, I'll tell you.
Had a big nose to go along with it.
I don't know, most of you understand the reason I'm rehashing this and I probably will for the next six months.
I've never seen anybody do this as blatantly.
Now maybe I live in a sheltered world.
And I have plenty of friends of mine who are in the business who had long periods when they've been out of work not to mention any names.
And none of them has ever come to me and said, I mean even close has said, I want you to go to management and get so and so can to get me in there.
Get me that job.
Nobody has ever, I mean it's just the grossest, the crashes, the slimyest, smarmyest.
And I'm beginning to realize that these calls that coming on Saturday, these two or three calls that seem to come in every week that sound the same from the same kids.
It's a setup. It's a put on.
It's a hoax.
Always the same.
Joey, how come radio is so boring?
How come Rick and Sudden are so boring?
How come you're not there in doing afternoons every week?
The same voice, the same crap.
I mean who the hell are you kidding?
How is it possible that anybody could be that low, could stoop like beneath the barnacles on the bottom of the Titanic and come to you and say, we want I am desperate.
Nobody in the world, nobody will touch me with a 10 foot banana.
And I got to have a job.
Okay, desperate.
You got to come and help me get these guys fired so I can have a job so I can do a one in the afternoon, a point five, a point one, a point zero.
And I got news for you.
I mean, because I've like these guys right from the beginning, I am going to promote them so heavily that they're going to get a 90 share.
Okay, Rick and Suds.
Rick and Suds.
Okay, Spuds.
Puts, whatever the hell is his name is.
Rick and Suds are God and God, Jr.
Even on their bad days, on their worst days.
They are a 500 on a scale of one compared to somebody whose name we don't want to mention.
And Niels Wright, I thought exactly.
And they are so good. They're on every day, Monday through Friday, two to six.
Yesterday, they had an incredible, a phenomenal interview with Frank Zappa.
It was intellectual. It was interesting.
We're stimulating and it balanced out, butt load, bolt load and on, on to you or whatever that is.
They're, I'm telling you.
And they're going to be at the ballgame tonight.
So come on out and see them.
They'll probably sign your thing too.
And in fact, that's what we ought to do.
Let's have not only a show of support for the miracle and for our audience and just have a great time.
But for Rick and Suds, okay, because they really got, they got really job by this bogus book and by this, you know,
a date county ethnic thing that dominated the book because nobody in Broward returned a diary.
I mean, it was, it was grim. It was pathetic.
So there's another reason, another excuse that you can give to come on out tonight and do something constructive
or once in your pathetic, meaningless little life.
And look at this, the first call to mobile at Chronic.
And I don't want to dignify him by giving him too much recognition.
He doesn't even like the show and he listens to it.
He wouldn't miss it if his life depended on it, like this caller in Palm Beach.
He'll, yeah.
I'm white.
I'm an American.
I'm 40 years old.
Their book is full of crap.
But you're finished. Don't you understand? You're out of business.
No, I understand that.
But what, you know,
I don't want to talk about the book the rest day.
I just passed that information along so that people know it.
We're not just whining over here, but that now that all of the, you know,
the evidence is coming out.
We're going to see the details of the research.
It's obvious it's a pile of crap.
The other thing is they're trying to test the electric chair.
Take that Saturday.
Get somebody else in there.
Meals right.
And Joe, yeah.
And Joe, yeah.
He would look cute with that little sponge on his head.
With that big shot eyes, it would like balance out of the real.
Well, they tested them three times already. That's why they're going through this.
Yeah.
There's no sense. There's no feeling.
Well, both load.
Can you, can you believe that any Smith?
Not, you know, not Danny Smith.
He's a good kid.
Hey, Goldberg. He really makes me mad.
But I think that knows nothing about baseball.
Okay. He don't know.
He thinks that Bruce Sutter is going to be on the Supreme Court.
That's what he knows about baseball.
He does.
Look at this guy shaved off his beard. He looks pretty young now.
You realize that if Bobby Bonilla and Barry Bob,
Benilla, you're going to be on the Supreme Court.
Wait, if Bobby what?
Bobby Bonilla.
Bonilla.
You don't even ought to pronounce the name.
See, that's why I gave up being a pirate fan in the first place.
I couldn't, I don't know those names.
I don't have their name.
Yeah, he's a pirate fan.
He can't even pronounce their names.
And how about that Jose Lynn?
If they were in New York,
you know, he's your brother-to-poly.
Did you know that?
What's that?
I said, the Jose Lynn is a full brother to Paul and.
Jose Lynn?
Yeah, full brother.
Yeah.
He just ugly. That's why he don't make me all start.
Well, see, he gets a lot of walks because he squats up there at the plate.
He's about 2 feet tall.
He's a good hitter though.
He couldn't hit his weight.
He just has to have an instant.
I don't want to go.
Listen, I hope you guys do great.
I don't want to go into it.
But I, you know,
playing over your head.
You're playing over your head.
I'm going to tell you the,
and I know this sounds bogus,
but I'm going to tell you something.
Next year,
the Chicago Cubs are going to be so tough.
You have any concept of what's going to happen?
I mean,
Bosky is going to be a 20 game winner.
Harky is going to be a 20 game winner.
Maddox has got it back again.
He's going to win 20.
Balecki is going to be,
he's going to turn into our middle reliever and is going to be a stopper.
Williams is going to have 40 saves next year.
What the hell else do you want?
We're going to score 10 runs a game and give up one.
How can you lose?
Yeah, they're going to be tough.
The pirates are going to be tough too.
And the met and the met without Darryl Stwaabary,
what the hell are they got?
Man, this kid that's catching last night
who stepped on the plate for the four Phantom Force play that didn't exist.
Yeah.
And didn't tag the runner that scored Tommy Hurr.
I'm telling you,
they got some people playing on that team that shoot,
and Jeffries is second who couldn't feel the ball that hit his hat.
I mean, this kid is embarrassing.
They're a really overrated team.
I hate to say that, but they are.
The met.
Can I say the met suck?
Yeah.
Well, it makes me feel better when I say that.
I hate to bring up the ball.
They're all at Boston and Keith Miller and his kid playing shortstop
that they got from a 7-11 store in the Bronx.
And I'm telling you, they got like about two or three replays.
They got Hojo and McRennels on it.
And that's it.
Magnetons a piece of crap.
He's, you know, once he plays more than 20 games,
he starts choking.
That's it.
What's he bad about 260?
No, he's up there in the fighting numbers.
Him and the Mackie Sasser.
You don't have good Mackie Sasser,
and that's been very lines there when they bring in a kid who's 10 years old
from Wichita, and he's catching now.
Good luck to you, sir.
Yeah, that was a good day, Neil.
You'll need it.
Talk to you later.
Now, that'd be all right.
Priorit to be OK.
1036 at WIID.
Tons of stuff on the facts, by the way,
although I didn't see the Palm Beach numbers coming.
But that's OK, so we don't talk about that anymore.
What is this?
Now, we can't say that on the year.
The Sarnoff of Sex.
Here's a real rip job on Alex Bennett.
Or at least I think it is.
It just came over, but it's, uh,
Alex Bennett's blank pounding productions are revolutionizing TV.
Oh, this must be an old thing.
What is this from?
What the hell is it?
Sometimes I feel...
Oh, look at the words in this.
The singing blank sucker from Missouri,
who was interviewed by Al Goldstein.
This is old stuff, psychotic Alex Bennett's stuff.
OK, we have an open line in date and one in Broward.
OK, I just mentioned that in passing.
And we do have a star IOD number, a line call, something.
Hello?
Hurricane after life trivia.
Yes, sir.
What is Danny Smith do now?
Works at Windixia, I saw him the other day, man.
He begs us.
No, as a matter of fact,
I was shopping at the publics a couple of years ago
in plantation and there was Danny Smith.
Oh, well, you know, he's...
I don't know.
He wasn't working there.
He was buying stuff.
He's a state trooper now.
Danny Smith is a state trooper.
I can't believe it.
He's a good kid.
Yeah, he is.
He was a good guy until he got put that uniform on.
Well, I guess he's into uniforms, you know.
He's a fine picture.
Those were good days, boy.
82 when we won the college world series for the first time.
That was great.
That was just heaven.
They're a fun team to watch even when they don't kill all the way.
Look at Nelly Santavania.
And all these guys who were on the team that made it.
That made it to the Major League.
I can't believe it.
Hey, do you really think the bucks are going to hang in there, Neil?
Yeah, I don't see.
I mean, by default, who else is going to win?
If the Metz team held bet on losing it again.
What?
And the Philly-Sharar could have win.
The Philly's are another.
And Montreal's a fandom team playing way over their head.
And we're too far behind.
There's no way.
And the Cardinals are definitely going to be in last place.
I was just sick when the bucks played.
The Metz and us back to back weekend series was lost like seven.
Well, put them right back in the race.
I know.
I know.
Well, listen, it's no fun.
I mean, we were right down to the last few games last year.
It's no fun in life.
I mean, like the Reds, it's not even interesting that division anymore.
Yeah.
They might as well just call it off and avoid any more injury.
Hey, so if the copies come back to Earth here and don't hang in there,
you're going to switch your allegiance to the club?
No, sir.
I am not.
I don't switch allegiance.
I pledge allegiance to the Cubs of America under one flag and et cetera.
Hey, I don't, I want to tell you, I want to tell everybody something.
And I've been a baseball fan since I was a little kid.
There is nothing in the world like being a Cubs fan.
I don't know how to describe it.
I do not know how to put it into words.
But there's just something about it.
There's an ambiance.
There's a thing.
There's hope springs eternal.
I mean, we could be 400 games behind with three left to go.
And we're still having a good time.
It's hard to put your finger on it, but there's nothing like being a Chicago Cubs fan.
It's good to hear there's no serious.
Still a romantic out there like that.
Yeah, that's right.
And I'm watching, I mean, so they suck this year, but I watch just as many games this year,
I did last year, which is almost all of them.
And I sit there and I'm not biting my fingernails as much because there's not that much hanging on it,
but you know, I'm enjoying it.
And I agree with you about heating up.
Coming apart.
I would not, like if they were tied going into the last game of the season,
I would not pitch Dale Anil Heaton in that game.
I thought we would even loan you Doug Desenzo to pitch the game.
It was not even a picture.
It had a better shot than Heaton, okay?
Hey, you guys got something going on tonight with the miracle?
You got to be kidding me.
After all the pumping and promoting I've done, and you still don't know,
yeah, we're going to be doing our thing there tonight, six o'clock.
Where is it?
Where is it?
It's at the municipal stadium in Pompo-no.
It's in 1799 Northeast Astride in Pompo-no.
Is it?
Is it playing?
They're playing the Saurie Soto White Sock.
705 is a game.
I'm going to be there.
Gilbert, Rick and Puts, autographs, pictures, all kinds of stuff.
What have missed it for the world?
Okay.
See you tonight.
Bye.
Okay, that must have been Dave Justy, who just called the former pirate great relief pitcher,
20 before 11 at WIOD.
By the way, I know that baseball is one of Chuck Myers' great gloves in life.
And as a result, he's so emotional with his pirates in first place this late in the season.
He may be interspersing names of old pirates, like in the middle of newscast from now.
And so don't hold it against him.
It's under a lot of pressure.
In fact, he was doing the 930 news with Henry this morning.
And I walked by the news booth.
He had a little sign in there that vinegar bent my cell for the US Supreme Court.
He's upset that Bruce Souter is going to get it.
And of course, everybody said, well, we don't know who this Souter guy.
I don't want to get political.
But you know he's going to be another fascist, the right wing Nazi pig.
You know that.
And he's going to put on this big front in the beginning.
He's not going to be a pig like Borquay.
I mean, Borquay's such a disgusting sue intellectual pig.
That nobody could buy his crap.
Okay. But this guy's going to weasel his, and he does look, he looks like a weasel, doesn't he?
And he's going to sneak his way through there.
No problem. Get confirmed.
Then when he gets in there, it'll turn out to be like Heinrich Himmler and drag.
You just know that Miami.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Yesterday about 550 in the afternoon.
This is John Moynihan show.
Guess who calls Gilbert.
How many guesses do we need?
I just told you Gilbert.
He hung up on him.
He didn't get a word in.
Well, I'm going to have a little chat with Gilbert tonight because W-I-O-D doesn't need to have our, our gropeies and groupies calling our the enemy.
Okay.
I understand. I was very surprised.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It'll never happen again.
Gilbert goes, John, how are you doing?
Seems you heard the voice because Gilbert see a letter and he hung up on it.
Great. Well, that ought to give him another tenth of a point over there. They're doing it.
Okay.
Hey, a Till Rick's dance has a good shirt. Bigger than you can see. He can button his top button.
Okay.
Bye.
See ya.
Funny has to wear a loose clothing because the Sally does these bizarre things on the setting. It's nervous.
We have an open line in day 751-2.
Huge day nights.
Lindsey's foot is dirty Harry in Polish.
He threw by the 44 Magnuski.
Gluski Hitski.
Clean off ski.
Wednesday, Catherine Hepburn stars in the Academy Award winning on Golden Pond in Japanese.
Don't know how I got down no money.
You aren't poop a song.
Thursday night, drilled to the original starboard in Canadian.
Look, feel the awe of the angel.
The angel is a little bit closer to the dark side of the...
And Friday.
It's one of the most beloved American musicals ever.
West Side Story.
In Navajo.
Maria, I just met a girl in Maria.
Sun and later, and we'll have a beta tape.
So tune in for Classic Week starting Monday right here on Doug Theater.
And Steve went crazy.
Oh, Steve.
And who know that the meds are a great team, but they're also...
They can suck.
By the way, we just had this special call from Daryl Strabber.
You want to hear what he said?
Sir?
Yes.
Neal's right.
I suck.
Go ahead.
I'm sorry.
The meds are a great team.
I would rather have the first base for the meds.
You got to take Sandberg.
Shortstop.
You got to give it to me.
Wait a minute.
You'd rather have Magadan than Mark Grace?
Yes.
Oh, I wouldn't.
What?
Wait a minute.
What'd the other guy say?
I wouldn't because what's Mark Grace hitting these days?
Right now, but he's a 300 here.
For the next 10 years, he's going to hit 300.
Magadan's going to hit 220, okay?
Magadan.
Who's the better?
Next week.
Magadan.
Okay.
The next way, Bog's all right.
Yeah, Magadan.
Why is he fooling around?
Magadan is never going to hit the long goal.
But Magadan is going to be a good guy.
Grace is like 10 times the field of reason.
300 there.
But you guys keep Magadan.
Okay.
Second base.
Second base Sandberg with that question.
Of course.
Shortstop.
It's both a capable of good things and both a capable of going to the field.
Oh, come on.
Come on.
I thought we were going to have an intelligent conversation.
Dustin's sitting 286 with 13 homeruns.
He was on the A-All Star team.
How many RBI's is he at?
About 45.
So does that's about what A-All Star has?
What A-All Star does.
But A-All Star drives in Clutch RBI.
Okay.
You have to give that to me.
I'll say, Elsa drives in Clutch RBI.
How can he not plan?
I think he's got something pulled right now.
Yeah, pull this.
Okay.
Now, third base.
We give you a third base.
I don't want a third base.
Hold your balance in the American.
Hold your position.
I don't want a third base.
I'm trying to be nice to you.
Okay.
Give you a left field, McRennels.
Even though you know you'd rather have Kevin Mitchell there right now.
Nice trade, guys.
Okay.
Center field.
Center field.
Center field.
citoyens, take the truth in one year I'd rather have Marc Carrien.
Oh!
That anyone who co-op's out those have these much fans.
Now you know you want leading Destra back, don't you?
No, no.
So God forbid,
man's leading the national league is hitting 353 and they want Mark carry on. Okay.
One good. Okay. And you'd rather have D'Ero Strabber than Andre D'Aug.
No. Not at all. But let's talk about the best trade to
miss. I'm okay. And what about catching?
Maggie Sasser. No. Over Joe Gerardi or Damon Berryhill or Hector's villain
away. I'll take any of our kids. Neither the match or the club is
having catcher. What is this man talking about? Joe Gerardi is hitting 303. He's
won like three games in the last week's single handed.
Maggie Sasser. One Maggie Sasser. Oh man. Over three.
How can you have a discussion like this with people who know nothing about
baseball? Maggie Sasser is hitting over 300 too. But yeah. But how long is that
going to last? Maggie Sasser is a hot dog. How long is my grandma? How long?
Joe Gerardi going to last. Joe Gerardi is going to be a hell of a ball player.
Okay. But Maggie Sasser has been kicking around being a douchebag for a
couple of years. He's a slime ball. Go ahead.
The main team of Maggie Sasser. He always wins at the first pitch. How about that
great bullpen? Okay. Tell me that Franco is there. I mean they even kicked him out of
Spain Franco.
And I'll ask you guys. You traded away agulary. You traded away Randy Myers. You
traded away Roger McDowell who got to save against you last night. Why don't you
admit it? Your trades are the worst in the history of baseball.
Well what happened is Joe McElvain took over running baseball operations from
Frank Cash and knew that thought happened. All the super trades started
happened and destroyed your ball club has made it a shell of its former self.
But what I was trying to say before the best trade to miss ever made was a fabulous trade
for since Cincinnati for Tom Sever. Well that's ancient history. Yeah but you can't
live off Tom Evers big mouth forever. But that's what I'm talking about. I think Jerry
Kuzman is going to have a good year and the Matlack ought to be pretty good. Well that's
what I mean about a lot. The trade that brought Howard Johnson from Detroit or Bob
Boheda from Boston. Exactly. Well look that that's ancient history. Those are a long
time ago and Bob Eoheda might as well go out to the past year. Okay. His history.
That was my exam and also on those. Oh he does history. Darling's basically history.
You know they're going to trade him. Am I right?
We need someone that can give those stars an extra days rest. That's what he's
there for. But the best thing to method was to get rid of Anna's now that now they need
to get rid of him. Yeah. Alejandro Pena. He does after he's the one
Samuel of 1990. Okay. What do you guys sound to the press about? You're only a
game and a half behind. I don't agree but at least I mean only a game and a half
behind it. You sound like you just lost the seventh game of the World Series on
a past ball. It's the way the metal losing pan. It's the way that that even
house continues to go with super pitch. But doesn't that tell you something? Yeah.
It's like last year. Let me tell you something. When you know it's your year like last
year the Cubs would win games that they shouldn't have won. They everything went
right. Everything happened right. This year we've blown nine or ten games that
we had won. That we're in the bag. And when you start losing like that you know
it's not your year. I'm just trying to brace you guys for a bad default. One
thing I think pirate fans should keep in mind is that the meds have already played
all their games against the Reds and the pirates still have eight games. Let's
left against the Reds and the Reds are like the Reds are going to lay down now. Okay.
Because the Reds basically don't like the meds anyway. That's going to be the
turning point right there. Those 16 games are key games that are going to decide who wins
that. And if Randy Myers comes in and is pitching the Bobby Vanilla in the bottom of the
ninth inning in a crucial situation knowing that that game could knock the meds right
out of first place. He'll like throw a lollipop right over the middle of the play.
Bonille. He'll hit it to to the managa. He'll a river. That sounds like wishful thinking.
Well we'll see. Now when September first hits and all the pirates pitches start dying.
The last month the parts pitching step the ERA has increased by over a run and a half
full per game. You give it another month and it's going to be ridiculous. And the meds
pitching is getting better except for those great moves that the managers make it with
their relievers with the meds are getting better the starters every game. Okay. Just
remember one thing gentlemen. Mike Balecki rules. See you later. Hey the cops suck. Good
luck. Double for me. Okay. Well there we had it. That was quite an experience here on
sports talk junior. We had two meds fans both rationalizing and then both the sounding
really down in the dumps. Okay. They talked a good game but they sounded quite frankly
not all that excited. It's 1115 and W I O D star I O D line is open and here we have
a collect call from Pensacola. The meds suck. Okay. I'm up here with all these y'all
who was down and down and even up in the panhandle they know the meds suck. How do you like
that? And word in word travels very slow up there by pony express. What is it? I'm a
braves fan. You're a braves fan. Well you're really doing it. The braves suck too. One
thing about the braves they may not be good but at least there's consistency there and
there's something to be said for that. That's right. I'm like you I'm a fan I don't care
if they lose every game. Right. Well you got to shout at it all the time. I've been enjoying
listening to you for a little while. What are you doing up there? I'm on the way back
to Miami. Okay. What are you doing hanging out at Yahoo City up there? Yahoo City man
I got off the air and said I said I got to I got to hear Neil for a little while. There's
nothing like it up there. Well what a place. That panhandle. You talk about Yahoo. Yeah. It's
great though. It's like North Florida. It's great. Yeah. And then what they call Alabama
Southern Alabama North Florida in the same way Georgia. It's like an extension. Well
listen I have a safe trip home. Okay. No problem. All right. Good luck to you. You'll
need it. Okay. 11 16. We have a Palm Beach line open. 655 Mets. 655 W.I.O.D. A David Johnson
called in a second ago. Neil's right. I suck. Well that's why they got rid of you. And
of course said that little tour buddy. Here also man. He's going to turn it all around.
What a little you'd like to step on him. He's like Denonbury. Buddy here also need like
a little geek. Anyway it's 11 16 at W.I.O.D. We're having a hell of a day. We got our big
ballgame star I.O.D. We can officially tell you now is a free call. Hello. Hey. How
do you like that on the first one? You're the first one to be a free one. Not the first
free call but the first one to be officially notified and say free call. We finally got
it straightened out and we had to find it out ourselves because our people in programming
don't know they're grass from their elbow. Some of the official first mobile call as they
say in the lawn manicuring business. They don't know their grass from their elbow. They got
bare tonight or what? They have beer. Yeah. Of course. All right. In fact. We get drunk.
If you find after our leave. Yeah. If I find a copy. Danny's catering does a catering
there and it says. Danny's is great. Danny's is great. And if you let me find it here.
It says somewhere. If you buy a beer tonight you get free tokens to use at Danny's East
in West. All right. So you can get bombed at night and then a future night. The other
day I stopped in America's taking pizza. He's right there by the ballpark. Fantastic. Yeah.
I stick. And you can go over there and get a bunch of stuff tonight. All the way. This
is police week. I want to encourage all of you to get to know the man in blue in your
neighborhood is your friend and is there to protect you. So if he needs your help and
asks you to do something, listen to what he says. It better or he just might beat the
living crap out of you. You wouldn't want to eat his gun. Would you? You little punk.
Okay. Have a nice day. Okay. 1126 is Thailand travel tips or whatever that crap was. What
is this? Sometimes United citizens for human rights September 4th. We have very strong
Jewish democratic condos support. Well, of course that's about the gay rights thing on
about September 4th in Broward County. And he wants me to talk about this, I guess, which
I shouldn't do because that'll be like the kiss of death. Sometimes. Yeah. You better
register to vote in Broward County because arbitrons leaving you out and pretty soon everybody
will be leaving you out. True story is so much better. Don't answer the phone. I want
you to I want your undivided attention to this story because this is vintage WIOD. Now
keep in mind if you've been listening since any early part of the program today, the
first two hours, I walk out of the studio and the news came on. I go downstairs to visit
the porcelain bus. I'm on my way at the head of the stairs and boy Gary is at the copying
machine. He says to me, you're not going to believe this. The star I OD line is working
now. I said, I know that we've had a Julian calls on already. He said, no, he said, I know
it's been working. He said, but now we're paying for it. I said, that's what I'm talking
about. We already know that. And he gave me a blank look that you could only get from
the ghost of Bob Elson. Okay. I mean, it was just incredible. Guess what folks? The
star I OD line is working if you have Bell South mobility and we pay for it. Okay. I just
got that flash. Oh man. Now you're not still there. Are you? I'm still here. We got to
go. We can't keep this thing running up here. They're going to get hysterical. Well,
the man's stock. Can I call that for the dish? Yes, sir. Clam, you are oversized slippery
butt plug and Neil. Yeah. The man's do. Get on the road, pal. Thank you. Bye. And there's
a star I OD line. Guess what? Oh, they hung up on the mobile. I can't believe it. Now
that's getting carried away. W. I. Listen to that. Do you hear that? Now they're really
going crazy because now they can crank that line and it won't cost them anything. Anyway,
let's go to North Miami. Hello. Neil. Yeah. Marty here. Yeah, I just wanted to let you
go. Marty go on. Yeah, you got it. Oh my God. You can't say that anymore. Well, why not?
Say it very slowly. I might be saying it up with pompano tonight. It might be coming
into the view. Great. And I trust that Gilbert will be doing the seventh inning. Cretch tonight.
Yes, sir. Okay. With bells on with bells on his toes and rings on his nose. You know,
it's really a shame, though, is the fact that I OD is like two players away from being
a contending station. Well, we're going to get Curtis Wilkerson and Daryl Strabbery. If
they could get rid of Joey and that guy Russ. So tasteless. Neil's right. I suck. Yeah.
Russ. So tasteless. I heard it. Okay. You know him. I don't. I don't. You see, it doesn't take
much to get me started on them again because I know it's still sinking into me. How badly
I was almost hand. You see what I'm saying? In other words, they think that I'm such a
schmendrick that they can just suck me under false pretense into this little dinner, which
sucked by the way the food was horrendous. Well, that's because they can get me in there
and blow in my ear and give me a big song of dance. And I'm going to go and become a
vulture in a barracuda and try to nail other people's job to get this poor misfit a job
again on this station. Well, it's because he's a conniver and you know that there's a
very long time. The worst. And he sits there with that pathetic puppy dog hurt. Look, I hope
that man never darkens this door again. Well, I'm here because I'll kick his ass out of here.
I don't want everyone to see him again. Neil speaking of looks. Did he send him back to Buffalo
where he belonged? Jason speaking of looks. Did he bring his facial spackling kid along?
Yes, he sure did unbelievable. All right, neighbor in closing. I just want to let you know
that boy Gary is a vibrating butt plug. Sally says hi. All right, they got to see him.
Boy boy. 1209 at W. I. D. Marvin just slipped out. So I guess W. I. D. Hello. Yes. Evan.
It's not just like Evan. No, it was a potential crank. And when he heard my voice, he disappeared rapidly.
W. I. D. Hello. Yes.
I'm not a bad Eli Targanan rule. Okay, nice hearing you. We have an open line in
Dade County. Maybe Marvin would like to come back and keep his job. Where the hell did he go?
What the hell is going on? W. I. D. Yeah, you're going to be appearing in specs. Yes.
What is that? August, eighth Wednesday. Okay, all right. Just like two weeks from tomorrow.
Yeah. And which specs is going to be a new one? Coral Springs University and whatever it is.
Okay, I guess I can pull them up before that word is what time is he going to be there?
10 to 2. He's going to be regular hours. Exactly. Okay, great. Thanks. Okay.
10 after noon at your stiff station W. I. D. Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Yeah, that last guy man. He is a know as you know from his Eli Targanan. That's correct.
Russ O'Reasey should go back to channel 51 and do his damn white night show. That's what I think.
That's correct. I'll be the first one to watch it later, Neil. Okay, I put my little target on the
screen and throw a dark set it. Throw something at it. What a conniving. And you see,
there's a real conflict of interest here. I said this to Johnny Darkfield that day and he
looked at me like I was nuts, but it's true. This is a man who owns another radio station in this
market, a release to piece of it. How much will never know for sure and how much is Alan Potamkin's
money. But allegedly he owned the wave, the breeze, which they swapped radio. Who knows? Well,
but he owns another station in this market and he is over here interfering in the operation of
this radio station totally unethical. Okay, absolutely unethical and unacceptable. And if the people
here had any balls and didn't need his 40 cent spots or whatever it is that he's we would say,
hey, audio get lost and quit interfering with we got enough problems already without you sticking
your ugly nose over here telling us how much money you got and trying to, you know, interfere with
the radio and it's absolutely true. And I think it's outrageous and unacceptable. And I want all
of America to know that I am pissed as hell and that I hope that something ugly falls out of the sky
and hits him right in the face, but it looks like somebody beat me to it.
Right, Joey? Neal's right. I suck. Man, what a conniving desperate barakuda. What a
and as far as Rick and suds go man, they are the best people who were ever born. Okay,
I hope they get a 90 share. I hope they get a 99 share. What?
What's wrong with that? Okay, here goes Mr. Happiness. Why have you been so nice?
I guess you must be in from the boy gerry school you're not listening either because he wants their
job. Okay, so just out of spite, I mean, I hope they do well to begin with, but now I hope they do
extra well just so Mr. Big nose goes back to Buffalo on a Greyhound bus, okay, with rust
oasis between his knees. 12 minutes after noon at WIOD, let's take a little break while I cool off.
Okay, 1217 at WIOD, let's go to a pay phone on the turnpike.
Hi Neal, how you doing? Okay, I'd like to point something out to you about your remote tonight.
For some people that are going to be getting off at the Pompano exit on the turnpike,
yeah, they've got one toll collector there now and it's been this way since about 8 o'clock this
morning. Oh great. Yeah, for the turnpike is a nightmare now. You bet, so I'd recommend to anyone if
they are going via the turnpike to take the sample exit and even that's going to be somewhat
backed up as you can. So why don't they just come up 95 is much easier? Yeah, that's true. I'm
saying you know for someone saying North Miami that figured that would be their easiest way to get
up there. No, still 95. Yeah, you know it. Okay, we're working for it, seeing you and
reconcets tonight. Thank you. Take care. Thanks. Bye bye. 1217 at WIOD, we have a couple of open lines,
one in Dave, one in Broward. Don't forget tonight's a big night. We want 40,000 people there
at the Miracle Stadium, the Miracle and the Sarasota, Sarasota white socks. Boy, that's going to
bring back memories. I did a couple of Sarasota ball games when I worked over there in 1973. We did a
couple of Sarasota. Who do they play? No, we didn't do them. We did a couple of high school baseball
games. How do you like that? Because they were like in the state championships. But that's in the
distant past and we don't want to dwell on that. Do we? Do we? Let me say it again, we don't want
to dwell on that. Do we? Okay, here's that mobile line again. Guess what? The mobile line is working
out Star IOD and their pan for it. That's a news flash. I just heard from our crack programming
department. Hello. Bill. Coral Springs. Bill. We're paying for this call and it's pretty upset
about it too. Yeah. Yeah, I'm real happy to somebody else's paying for this besides me. Well,
there are a lot of people who are sick of paying for it. Now I got a question for you. A couple of
years ago, it used to be a pirate friend. What happened to that? Oh, geez, I went through that whole
story. Not a couple of years ago, a few years ago, for like 28 years, I was a pirate's fan.
Isn't that enough? No, not when they're winning. No, I don't change back and forth like a rubber ball.
Okay, I'm a cub fan and a putzman and that's it. That's where I'm at. Okay, so you just kind of
dumped the pirates and went for the cup. Three years ago, when the cubs were still losing, I want to
emphasize that over and over again so I don't keep getting accused of becoming a cub fan last year
because they had a good year. That's got nothing to do with it. Yeah, we wouldn't think about it.
Just a lucky break. Yeah, I guess. Well, a lot of people do because a lot of people just are always
looking for the weak, weak chink in your armor if I can say that. True, now. Now listen, why do you
call those things cart? Cartridge cart. Cartridges. Oh, boy, now that we're playing
paying for these calls, now they're called with like 20 questions. Anything else we can tell you,
sir? Why did you take them across the road? Because it was sick and tired of hearing the joy
rental show. The proof of the armadillo that it could be done. Yes. Have a nice day. I'll have a good
one. Goodbye. 1219 and WIOD. Like I said, from now on, when you call on a star, I would
like to say, I'm a D-line across three grand a minute. That's the new information we just got from
a boy Geary's twin, evil twin, across six grand a minute if you call us on the star IOD line
and have nothing to say. Dear field. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm at board at work, so I decide to call you.
Well, that makes two of us. Because I'm an Eckerd right now. The photo lab is dead as ever, Neil.
Why is that? Everybody's out of town. They're all out of vacation. They're all having their pictures
developed elsewhere. We just we just opened up about three weeks ago and everybody still don't know
where we're here yet. Where are you? Oh, so in other words, I'm going to start plugging Eckerds now.
Eckerds is taking more years off my life and I am telling you every every transaction. I don't
want to go into a whole thing about it. But I mean, why is every transaction such a major
stimulus in together? The woman is bringing back the pre-olars and oh, and she's doing it on her
credit card that expired six months ago and I don't even have to call Washington DC and the FBI.
And I got like three little items there for a dollar and a half and I'm standing every time.
Well, I just got bored and I have to say why? Oh, what checkereds is this? Well, give my crew
flow. This is a new one over here in Deerfield Beach on Hillsboro Boulevard. All right. We just
had our big grand opening right next to Pubex. Yeah, we're shopping at a place and what's
but it's bad about everybody from cemetery village comes over here and aggravates us.
Uh-huh. So, yes. So, y'all just stay away now. Well, you won't be doing any more pictures
to the funeral. I'm going to take a lot of pictures, but it'll be great. I take what's great
from these guys coming to naked pictures or their wives, you know, which is real, right?
Naked pictures of their wives? Yes. Boy, that ought to be pretty interesting. I mean,
they bring you, they bring those right through like a regular, yeah, we just do them, you know.
Total lamb. Yeah. I can't believe that. But we don't do enough. They're doing something.
Well, how do you know that it's their wives? Oh, well. Oh, well, they're girlfriend, Ellie.
Yeah, but the point is your slow. Don't you understand? You could be retired now living on an island
somewhere. If they're bringing over pictures, hanky, panky, that's not their wives. That's like,
oh, god. Now, don't they have to fill out their name and all the info on their bags? Well,
my god, while you got all the spare time instead of calling me, use your ingenuity.
Go into the old bags. There are five of us, so to speak. Find out who's doing what to whom and
get the name and phone number. By the end of the day, you could be a millionaire.
Yeah, that's an idea. First of all, you're up there with all those big bucks.
And post-war center, dude, we have the contest where you pop a balloon, you win stuff. I'm
center playing with the helium and stuff like that. Because I have nothing to do. That's how bad
I'm off right now, Neil. Boy, see, I can prove it to you. I got helium.
What are you exciting? In fact, you could probably make a movie out of it all to solve a sunrise,
something like that. And we can do it. Yeah, it's really good. Okay, have a good time,
sonny. Okay. Bye, boy. Bye, boy. Boy, credible. I don't understand that. If you had like a whole
bunch of pornographic pictures that you took, when you take them to records to be developed,
I mean, is that what it's got almighty? Because there are places like that, aren't they?
They still have places like that where it's like a triple spy spy lab, you know, where they just
pretend that they keep blinders on and they don't look at what it is and they send it back to you
in the mail in a dark brown envelope. We have an open line in Broward, 524 spy, 524 WIOD.
You'll never guess where the next. Now, what are we going to do about this? Now, we have an
epidemic. We have an epidemic of calls on a starline because we're paying for it. Hello. Hello,
Neil. Don't you feel a little guilty? No, not at all. Okay. Hey, who was in the phone? What is it?
Who was the one answering the phone? Melvin. He was like, are you my buddy?
And I said, yeah, I guess he says, why won't you be my buddy? Yeah, right.
Hey, you watch the Good Lord games? Not Melvin. No, I don't watch WTBS because Ted Turner makes me
sick to my stomach and Larry King makes me even sicker. Now, I wonder if you have never
results in the basketball game last night? Well, wait a minute. Why, it's not in the paper.
I have had a paper, I had that chance to get a paper. Well, just hold your horses, sir. One second,
and let me look in the sun sentence. You know, if it's happening, it's in a sun sentinel.
Tom Jickey even put my name in the paper again today about some beautiful star, young lady from
Hallendale, who's becoming the next sex symbol. Is that right? Where do you get off of 95 at the
Atlantic Bull of Atlantic? You're up there at six. Six o'clock go east to eighteenth avenue and
make a north and you go right to the stadium. You can't miss it. Will you be there for the whole
game? Yes, sir. Okay. I'll wait a minute. Let's see. Just a second. What the hell is it we want?
The basketball US played a lot. Puerto Rico was US to fight an opener. The US beat Puerto Rico
100 to 94. Great. Great. All right. Well, I appreciate it, Neil. Okay. Can I call a couple guys
to do. Spank. Go right ahead. I'll call Rick H&D and Leel and Andy at do. Spank them and call my wife,
K at do. Spank. Good job. Thanks, Neil. Pictures are in the mail. All right. Thanks. Yeah. 1225 at W.I.O.D.
Where we're just warming up for the old ballgame tonight. We're going to have a mammoth crowd and
don't forget right after they finished the show at six because they're great guys and also because
I'm plugging them like crazy. Rick and Smut are going to drive like bats out of hell. They're going
to zip up there in the ballpark. They're going to be there. They'll autograph your thing for you.
And whatever else you want, it's going to be great.
