The opinions expressed by the guest hosts are called to not necessarily those
musicians. Now here's Neil Rogers, a new Doc Radio 610 WIOD. Hi, this is Marie
Povich wishing you a happy Hanukkah.
Can't wait, it's going to do it for me. 1007 at WIOD are Camilla's house total. We
don't have the mail yet today, but when we get the mail today we're going to go
over another milestone. Depend on it. Our total right now is $79,444 and
$85. I have, where did the $85 come from? That's got to be, people are adding in
that posted stuff. I never add that in because that's the encounter. But anyway, so
we're about $556 away from $80,000 and when the mail comes in today, which is not
a drop of it has yet, that will go over 80 today. So if you have it and by the way
with the first check I opened this morning from last couple of days mail $1,000
from John Brunetti at highly a park race track who also came up with a
thousand last year. Thank you, John. We may not agree on some things, but you're
okay in our book. Anyways, speaking of okay in our book, I want to thank Bob Weaver,
a channel four Weaver, the weatherman who's just a super guy since a nice
cigar, his little holiday box here, which I'm puffing on right now. What are you
looking for? What a slut. I'm telling you this George is the biggest free loader
I have ever seen in my life. Man, you're in the right business. I'll tell you that.
Free food. Not only does he like the free cigars when a box gets empty. Oh, could I
take that box off? What are you doing selling them? Must be making music boxes out of
them and selling them for Hanukkah or something. What a maniac. All I did was say,
let me show you first of all. It's not like these are mac canudos. Okay. It's a small
box. There's like five of them in there, one of which is in my mouth already. So
unless you like something else in your mouth like my foot, just relax. Okay. Just
the calm down. See, George is all upset because Marvin's been working about a hundred
hours over the holidays. I want to say this about Marvin. Okay. He is a real
puss. I know he's not listening because I'm sure he's not awake yet. Marvin, you are,
and I give you a classic example. Tuesday, he knew I wasn't going to be here yesterday
because it was Bill's funeral. I want to thank Chuck Meyer for doing a great job. A little
bit too good, by the way, but no, he was seriously the great job yesterday. I heard part
of the show. A few too many gummers in there, but it was really good. And so anyway,
Marvin comes in here. Oh, would you like to have Al Goldstein? I'm sure great. So I get
a call Tuesday afternoon from Cheryl at the house. Al Goldstein is lined up for Thursday,
meaning today. Well, that's fine. Al is always a great guest and fun guy and he eats a
lot of food. I have no idea when he's coming. Do you know, George doesn't have any idea?
We don't know what the hell is going on. Another Melvin production. I wonder what Rick
Rowley would do if he lined up a guest for Rick and Puts and they had no idea when
it was coming to that ever happened on their show. I wouldn't be surprised if it's happened
before. They have idiot on the corner today. So I assume that means that you've got to work
eight hours again today. It says on here, boy, look at his eyeballs rolling around like
it looks like Vegas again, like pinballs, idiot on the corner, which means it must be
Melvin going to be standing on a street corner. It's the first indeed comes to my mind.
Anyway, that's coming up a little bit later. I don't forget tomorrow we're going to be
doing our show live from Charcoals, the brand new one, which is a 5426 North University
drive just out the commercial Boulevard on the east side of university. It's in at the
strip shopping center, the Acat and this it just out the commercial and there's going
to be a free buffet with some finger food and wings and whatever provided by Charcoals
and we got some things we're going to be drawing for as usual. We have a hundred dollar
gift certificate from Berens. We got a whole bunch of Zuba caps and Zuba pants that the
dolphin folks are donating, which we're very appreciative. So be sure and come by, of
course, naturally we'll have the tapes and the t-shirts to raise as much as we can tomorrow
for Camilo Sal. So we are well on our way to our goal of a hundred thousand. I have
full confidence we're going to get there because like I said, today we'll go over 80 and
we should do what three, four, five thousand year tomorrow at Charcoals, easy, right? So
sometime next week we'll go over 90, no problem. In January, fourth, our next remote by the
way will be at Clalder Race Track, which could be a very expensive remote for me. Also
speaking to things coming up tonight, Christmas list through the six-hole. I notice he's
the morning line favorite five to two in the morning line with Bill Faye at Pompoot
Park. So all the members of our stable, be sure to make it out there tonight. I will
be there. But Rich will be there with bells on for Christmas list as it goes for three in
a row. Anyway, it's time now to talk about pizza law. Now, seriously, you know what, I'm
playing that. I'm watching the news on Channel six last night and who comes on, they're
doing a piece on this thing about the Dennis and the Mercury vapors and all this stuff.
And Steve Greenberg, who's their resident medical maven, whatever is doing this piece. And
who does he have on there? But Mrs. Jeff Cohen, the lovely Mrs. Cohen is on there. I didn't
tell you earlier in the week that Jeff and his wife are, and if they haven't already done
it, they're doing it this week. They're going with the Dennis getting everything yanked
and the filling's two 10, 16 at W.I.O.D. Boy, do we have a little menagerie in here now?
Oh, just relax. Wait a minute. I can't believe Boy Geary coming in here making those sounds
in the middle of the show. Anyway, yes, we as you want his own show, I know a station
that's hiring anybody that's breathing. What is it? You want to speak up?
Okay. This is really not. Okay. Like I said, it's 10, 16. You talk about a show going
to the dogs, Al Goldstein's here. Now, why don't you select what you're one of those
you like where you're picking up. You can speak it all three of them. When you're going
to lose some weight already, right? Although I will say this, I will say this. I'm very
impressed. He didn't bring in that big box of Cheerios or whatever. Last time you were
here, that was the most disgusting thing. I mean, you talk about compulsive, seriously.
Brings in this enormous, economy, industrial size box of Cheerio and was eating it all
during the show. It's kind of like a warm up to get his palate going before we brought
the food in. Now, do we want food for you today? Coffee and patting's hungry for breakfast.
It's a special day today. It's a third year anniversary. Well, happy year. Three years
now, Goldstein. Wow. And they say romance is dead. Yeah. And how does the dog figure
into all of this? That's a child. Love child. Well, that's the love child. Yeah. Well,
are you really? Well, good. I hope it's not a scrawny. Is that one? Anyway, well, he
is a little scrawny. Is any? Maybe if you leave a few scrap sheet on what? Well, what
is the dog? I've never seen such an anorexic looking dog in all my life. It looks like
Karen Carpenter's dog. I eat her food. Yeah, that's what I was just going to say. Maybe
if you leave a few table scraps around, she wouldn't look like cheese like hell. People
tell me you've mellowed. Neu, you are picking on her dog. Who the hell told you that? I
just to talk into New York. Did you? In New York? What do they know about me in New York?
They don't know me from Moichin, but pick in New York. They do. You're personality. No,
you are known in New York City. Howard even talks about me now. He really does. He says
good thing. I can't believe it. He must have mellowed. I'm serious because he used to
get upset. I'd rip his hair all the time. You got to admit howard's got bad hair. He's
worse and his nose is the worst. He's really well. His nose is getting like Larry King. In
fact, I think Howard in 30, 40 years, it looks just like Larry looks today. Holy not. It's
full of crap. Anyway, before we get started with Alan, I just wanted to say a couple of
things. Because yesterday I attended the bill called as funeral. I want to thank Tom
Jicke and the people at the Harold are wrote a nice obituaries about Bill who was one of
my best friends and a super guy. And I also, you know, when you go to a funeral, generally
it's a very, you know, not an uplifting thing. It's very depressing. It wasn't bad. The
only fact rich was there, of course. And I was there. And when you're at a Catholic church
and they're doing the service and you're Jewish, it's a little confusing because, you
know, any of the religionists, I mean, they all get into a real religious thing with
the service. And there was one part where they have like a kneeling. Have you ever seen
that in a church where they're like a kneeling bar? You'd be great on that. Boy, can you
just see all the rows rolling over with you, Neelah? And so, you know, when they're doing
the other prayers, you sit there and you're respectful and you keep your mouth shut.
But then they have, let's kneel and pray. And they have a kneeling bar that like folds
down from the pew in front of you and they're folds down. You kneel down on it. So you
don't have to kneel on the floor. And fat rich is in the row behind me. Okay. And he's
as big as you are pretty close to it. And we didn't know what to do. He's Jewish also.
So like, I'm, I, because all the all of pubbures, I was one of more in the front rows. So
naturally these other guys are all Catholic. They're all relatives of the family. They
kneel down. So I did too, just out of respect. All of a sudden, I hear like a commotion behind
me. And then I think he thought better of it because rich was about to try to kneel down
on this thing. I mean, they would be like, like a hippopotamus, try to kneel down on
the tip of a needle. You know, I mean, just forget it. So that was a little bit. But I just
want to mention a lead founder and Lee and I have, you know, chewed each other out on
a year for years and back and forth. But there's a radio show. See, there's a difference.
Some people don't understand it. They're like, you know me. There's a difference between
what's on a year and persons that and real life and Lee Fowler flew all the way and he was
on vacation. He was in North Carolina. He was a good friend of bills flew all the way
in to be there yesterday. And that to me says a lot. That was nice. Steve from Hollywood,
who over the years has been a chronic caller. And you know, he and I have gone around
back and forth because he's a sensitive guy. But not only was he there, but he spent a lot
of time in a hospital with Bill and really just was super and just a great guy. I just
mentioned these things so that because people are regular listeners that get to know these
people. Even the callers are like personalities. Jim Schuyler was there. Another radio person.
Randy Martin was there and Mike Knight and the Steve Brady Brody from QAM. Even Howard
Primer was there from KAT, which I'll, the less I say about that, the better. Champaign
Lew and other listener was there who's he and I have gone. I guess everybody and I have
gone around. Absolutely. But the fact they showed up was great. And some of the racetracked
people Lester was there dressed to kill. Looked like he was ready for the second race and
Freddie Ferrell and Fred the Usher who's been just a super friend to both of us for a long
time and the Phil Saltsman. And I'm sure I'm leaving somebody out. But I just want to
thank all those people for showing up. Okay. Can I do a little break and then we'll get
to with my. Okay. We get a coffee. Oh, you are. He's addicted to food. He's addicted to
coffee. Can we get this man some coffee? We do have coffee downstairs in a cafeteria.
We'll take care of that and some breakfast from Wayne Arnold. Would that be good?
You'll be going to pat his. Yeah. Yeah. She's a win and Murray. I'm sure can bring
over some breakfast stuff. Okay. From Arnold's Royal Castle. But you're not going to
make a pig yourself today. I wouldn't be good. I'm trying to be the sheriff. You have
to be in training. I am. I'm going to be thin by the time the election. And by the way,
these vote for our gold steam t-shirts do you have a number of these? Yes. I get you
a sum because if you could give me some tomorrow at Charcoal's, it would be great. Absolutely
send them down to you tonight. Great. That's outstanding. Okay. 1022. Our gold
steam of screw magazine and midnight blue and just a generally disgusting guy is here.
And we want to talk about food again as we always do on a show. Our Parmesan
restaurant at Pinabah. The go goes now. Be careful. The go goes. We have on my
cables. You're midnight blue. We have the raw bloat tape. By the way, we have coffee
for him and the dog. Okay. Heavy sugar on the dog. Man, my dog barked that much.
You would be in the microwave immediately. Okay. What is your story? She's just excited
to be here in the next time. She excited to be away from all that food in the house.
I'm telling you, this dog I bet she has eaten in months. So the go goes. You know who
the go go. Yeah. Right. Who's a call? Is this is a feature thing? So we got some
tapes of them involved with some sexual escapades. Not explicit sex. And one of the
girls in the go goes. Does some cocaine. It's just a weird tape. What we've been doing
in this is selling it. I'm in that blue. It's it's a low it's bad quality, but it's a
good. It's a nice curiosity. It's better than a roblo tape or a roblo tape. It's the worst
parable. And you know, since that tape, he's like there are nobody talks about it. It's
funny. And his last movie was good. Did you see his last movie? He's not bad influence.
I thought it was terrible. Have you not loved it? So based on why the idea of the corrupt
ability of life. I'll take a rock movie. What's coming to shock to you? Yes. Burda
luchis new film sheltering sky. I sorted a screening. What's wrong with New York is all
these east side intellectuals. We're loving a film that was indecisable, incomprehensible.
After an hour, Patty and I woke up, we have no idea what it's about. Deborah Winger
is wasted. And that's what I hate about Jewish intellectuals. No one has the the
huts for to walk out. They don't want it to make me they understood this absolutely
moronic meaningless film. I'm sure it'll wind up here in Miami in six weeks, but it's
a terrible movie. Like Blue Velvet. That's another great suit of one. I like that you like.
I like Blue Velvet. Another film that I think is disappointing is this Woody Allen film
Alice. I don't know. I don't like him. Alice. It's as if Woody Allen's as if you've
been locked in the same control room with a bore. You know, you've had said or an elevated
Woody Allen doesn't live in the real world with a bore. He said like be a boy or be
a way on. It's a insufferable insufferable movie. And everyone went that everyone. Most
people in New York City of Eastside Woody Allen to get him coffee, by the way, because
I'm getting nervous. I hate coffee, but I'm just getting nervous. What? You want to
do it? Because nobody probably the rest of this building there on permanent vacation
from now till the second and January. This starts about the first of December. And you
know, there's no note. I tell you what, let's fill in the gap. Now you're getting all
your thumbs up, by the way. Oh my filling. Didn't you see the thing? I saw it cool. My
dentist is the next day. I'm absolutely nervous. I think that's why I'm fat. I tell you
that I'm my solution. It has to be. There has to be an excuse. It can be that I'm weak
willed. No, no, because I've seen you waiting. I was very delicate with both hands. Anyway,
Al Goldstein has got his new t-shirts on. Now I want to say something to you because I
never want to be accused of saying things behind people's back. I said it a couple of
months ago. It's fun that you want to run against our sheriff Nick, okay, against our
fascist pig up there in Brown. Okay. And desperately we need somebody to beat him. But
you're not going to win the election. I think I have a chance. I'll tell you what.
Based on what you have no experience in law. You're known as Mr. pornography. Now
Howard County has got this in spite of the fact that we got a few Jews in Brown. County
Broward is basically a vash in a right-wing Neanderthal thing. It is. It is. But the way
to fight. Here the story in Hollywood this morning about what was that play that they
went? They they cited some building where they had this play because there was a nude
scene in it. Mayor Oliver. I mean, they just went on. It's the red that play. They're
red next state. But even in Texas, the two-live crew thing, they threw the thing out of
court. You're I see in Louisiana. You know, Louisiana, you figure because they're all a bunch
of Yahoo. But this is supposed to be a sophisticated state. This is, you know, I was thinking this
morning coming to work as I knew you were going to be on the rest of the world is moving
in one direction. And communism is totally failed. We're getting all these countries going
to democratic and having this big thing in a Soviet Union and Chiburnodze quit this morning
and they're all up in arms because they're trying to move toward democracy. And even he
said it in his speech. I saw clips of the speech and they were interpreting it. What we
need is a, you know, full move to democracy. The rest of the world is moving in one direction.
And this country is moving to become a fascist state. This country reminds me of like Paraguay
and Argentina of recent years. More and more repressive and more and more Neanderthal.
I don't understand. But you see, the forces of stupidity and permissiveness are always
at war. I don't know if you saw this special last night. Ted Combo, Seth Sinrusha, Vasnez,
wonderful. Gays are getting more liberated. The prostitution is coming out of the class.
The pornography is selling all over all those years of stifling, of natural human instincts.
It bursts through. Now, you're right. In terms of Nikhnavaro, my campaign is going to
be fight crime, kick-knit-out because I really is a corrupt sheriff's office. What people
will have in me, you're right, because I don't have law enforcement experience, is a man
with integrity and honesty. And I won't lie. And I'll bring in the best people. And I
have a list of the things the sheriff does. I'm not going to read it. But it's a hundred
different things. Any Ohio experts to run it running a sheriff's office is like running
a radio station or business. But don't you fear that somebody legitimate? Because then
a lot of people look at you. I hate to use them. More but a lot of people just say, well,
you're not a legitimate candidate. You're just a your clown. Somebody legitimate is going
to run against him. And enough people could vote for you. Siphonov votes from whoever
the contender is and get him back in there again. I don't think he's going to let that
I honestly think that with the real fear, I'm not so sure he's going to be able to run
it. The president is doing a great job. I got to commend them, which is unusual for me.
They're doing a great job on exposing him and a fraud. And I mean, almost every day
there's stuff coming out of him and stuff with his wife choosing over judges. I'm afraid
he's not the one. That's just I will only run against him. So I'm afraid he's going
to pull a Nixon in quit office. I'm because the interest from me is he is absolutely galvanized.
The stupid forces in this area with his pro censorship really absurd point. By the way,
speaking of Nixon, and I got to bring it in for Chuck Meyer because he's a big buck of
the Kennedy assassination theories as I am. And during vacation on the plane, I read
it. I almost finished reading the new book on the assassinations called High Treason. Have
you read it? No, but you should read it because the conclusions I'm coming to the end of
the book for the basic conclusions is that Nixon was definitely involved with the assassinations
both the junk and the Martin Luther King was in Texas with Howard Hunt the night before
and also that Richard Helms was the former director of the CIA was involved as well. I had
brought to the guy who make a great guest, the Michael Baden, BAD and ex-con of the city.
He was the Con on the Warren Commission. He still defends it, but I think even he is
having doubts. I mean, it's a shame it's going to be 25 years after with dead that the
truth is going to come. If ever. Why did any Kennedy keep quiet? That's that's why
were the Kennedy side? Well, they say that the plane crash, remember he broke his back
and nearly got killed in the plane crash that that also was part of this that was an attempt
on his life too. See the old days we would have said conspiracy theory, not, but no, no
longer. Now it's a little plausible, incredible. Well, almost nobody believes the Warren
Commission anymore. It's a joke. Did you, we will believe in during the early days I
used to love Mark Lane. I don't like you. Person of a rush to judgment. I was, that was
the first book. Right. I remember seeing him speaking to you. I always felt it was extraordinary
that the media stifled this kind of truth. Also, Alan Lowens theme, by the way, you must
have died too. Right. New York was shot and was about to bring out a lot of things about
the Bobby Kennedy assassination. Right. But yeah, why are we going off into that? But
just, but the book high treason, if anybody out there is interested in the subject, you've
got to read it. It's just, you know, you read all these books over the years and you figure
out one more what's going to be new in here. But it really puts together some heavy-duty
stuff. You know, when they're all fused together, we till the New Yorker about two years
ago and later came on as a book about how Lyndon Johnson stole the election. And I was so
here racing seeing his immorality in 1942. It would be an easy extension for him to knock
out a competitor who was blocking his positioning to the presidency. I mean, we really do live
in a corrupt society. And, and so when you raise the question about am I serious with Nick,
I know it's a long shot, but I think at least for once, let's only speak truth to people
that you can't clear everything up. At least I'll have an honest political office because
I don't need the money. I'm a millionaire. Nick is cutting deals. He's got a job for his wife.
There's always this sex scandal now with the quick sex with the quick milk. I mean, it's just,
it's, it's, it's truly up to you. I mean, we really have to fight climb and get rid of Nick.
Hey, man. Okay. I want to talk about the t-shirts are incredible. You're going to get them on
those. Great. In fact, I'm jealous. Are they fantastic with these are? In fact, what was this
picture of you taking? What's that? Man. Oh, man. It looks a little like Charlie Manson in that
picture, too. Anyway, it's 10.35 L. Volstein's here. Let's talk about Calder. Okay. Everybody
likes a challenge that's just a new sound we play in a bad. We would like to challenge the
Justin who sound we play in a back all the time for anyway, once again, they're filling
them out. The mercury vapors that are making you fat, not the absolute it weakens my will power.
Now, anybody that wakes up, this, this story is worth repeating on a year. He wakes up last night,
three o'clock in the morning and is sitting there sitting up in bed, staring ahead,
fantasizing about going to the refrigerator to get salami at three o'clock in the morning,
but doesn't have the energy because he's such a gigantic fat blob. He don't have the energy to
get out of the second go to the refrigerator. That's the next thing. It's going to happen. He's
going to move the refrigerator in the bedroom. Then you're being real trouble. It's true. But at
the moment, I'm a fool for the dog. I have, seriously, is that Karen Carpenter's dog?
Dog food is not bad. They had a segment last night on inside edition or inside story,
one of those hysterical tabloids and it was about puppy meals. Did you see it? And they showed,
oh, man, of course, I love dogs like you do. And they showed all these pathetic jammed in these
cages and, oh, and it looked very similar to what I'm seeing there genetically. We might share,
if we were in Brown County, you're lucky. We're in date. I got news for you. If we were in Brown,
and Sheriff Nick might get your ass in jail right now for a rock, get the SPCA in here.
Nick Wood. Yeah. Yeah. It sees it on either. Anyway, the T-shirt is on
conversation. Now, how are you going to get them to meet? Because I'm not coming back here.
I need them. No, we're doing a short charcoal tomorrow, which is not far from you. It's
university. It's just out the commercial. One time, and then one and a two.
Can you see that? They have nice hamburger. They have a great food. Before I leave,
oh, man, you're brutal. Anyway, the T-shirts are black, and they've got the American flag
with L's skinny face in the middle. Boy, that's from another era. That's a political
picture. I'm guilty. I will lie about that. And it says gold steam forever, and then underneath
for Sheriff Brown County 1992, these are sharp. I'll tell you, a lot of people would pay some
bucks to your wife. And I got you an extra launch too. I have an extra extra launch for the,
yeah, you got two of them sewn together for you. I can see, I can see the seams in the middle.
So you're serious about this. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to commit a
couple hundred thousand dollars for radio and television. If Nick resigns, of course, I won't
draw. It's contingent on him. And I'm afraid he's not malleable. You look back at the history
of Brown County. I'm going to be honest. A lot of people forget about it. We have had ever since
I've been in his town, which is almost 15 years now. We've had repressive right wing thinking.
We had Ed Stack. Remember Ed Stack? Another real far-bison right-winger. We had Bob Butterworth,
who was a little less militant, but still a pretty right wing. And it just been a succession of
right-wing sheriffs. But you have to look around on federal, on the highway. They're at
accomplice clubs. You have an app for that. They're trying like crazy to close to them. But that's
the political. And Hasselwood Crap bottle. See, that's the stuff I would not do. I would leave
Michael Peters alone. I would leave the straight clubs, the gay clubs, the punitive
here's alone. I would put all my manpower in the street fighting crime. That is when Nick
Ways system. There are many. That's dangerous. You're right. That's that. That's that.
For listening to rock lyrics and saying, two-life crew is dirty. They mean the music may be
alive. It's the as we lived in a town where the people had any balls at all. Where we had living
and breathing people. I mean, you can understand it, Louisiana. I mean, they almost
elected David Duke to the Senate, Louisiana. They're a bunch of neonatoos are from the
bayou. Okay, they're a bunch of triglydites. But here where we have all these people from
New York and supposedly sophisticated people, the fact that they sit back and they tolerate this
Crap and they let all their taxpayer money be they wasted all that money in the trial with Charles
Freeman. And then they find him when they find him a thousand or ten thousand, whatever the hell
I was on the surface and all of that crap. And then the other trial that they that they lost,
which still the taxpayers had a pay for that Crap. And now even after they lose that trial,
he says, well, if anybody else performs that song or those lyrics in Broward County because
that's the law, I'm going to prosecute them too. Which in other words, he's saying he's going to
continue wasting the tax prison. You know what they do? They sit back, we get a few calls on
and talk show they grumble about it, they're pissed off and that's it. But that's when the change,
the TV and the re-call movement against him right now. Get his ass out of there now. You know,
in the years we get closer to this, he will not appear in debate because his right hand. Maybe he'll
I'm going to have best mice and campaigning for me. So I'm going to get all the New York Jew votes.
I mean, all the Jewish votes are going to be there. I really believe that people are getting second
time. Well, anyway, my friend, you said honestly and credibility will probably show, but she was acquitted
and I like this. And people love it. She was the first Jewish Muslim. And she was a good main code.
She's a pretty woman. Yeah. The point is I really, you know, is that mean you bring an
crotch down here too? No, I don't like it. Did you see the picture ahead the other day? He was
the funniest thing I've seen in years. Ed Koch was over in Israel and Jerusalem. And in the reason he
was there, he was doing a tourism campaign to show that it's not dangerous to travel to Israel.
Because let's let's face it. Who in the right mind is the way thing is that I'm in the Middle East
right now is going to travel. So he's doing this PR thing for the Chamber of Commerce, I guess,
or the equivalent of it. And it gets hit in the head by Iraq by some maniac over there. Bernie gets through it.
And the picture with him holding his head was just classic. It was incredible.
It was the New York phone this week, but he's still too close. He's on this earth.
He was almost enough to make him come out of the closet. Ed is so arrogant and so conservative.
Truthfully that he would make a great share of he follows in the line of that kind of reactionary.
What is your other right home? Basically, he's simply hypocritical. He really is. And he's never boring.
That's going to nick Navarro is never boring, but they do a disservice to public service. That's the problem.
Rest assured in two years when I'm the sheriff of ICU Speedy, your little sports cars will be pulled over.
I'm going to nail you, Nick. I thought you were looking at me when you said no, no, no, no, that's enough.
We're looking for the turquoise Corvette. That's right. Nailed the car, nailed the speeders.
Listen, I want to say something, man. Share a child with a story about the child's
arrest that he was coming back from Georgia. Yeah. To a Tallahassee 80 and a 50 and he got pulled over.
We got a speeding ticket. I'd rather I'm delighted. I'd rather have a guy who's in a hurry who
is a living and breathing person in Spudwallow things. They said about him with the drugs and everything
that a guy who wants to take his back 20 years. You know, who's going backwards? What's the last time?
You had Nick on the show, right? Years ago. Is he afraid to come on now? Well, I don't do that kind
of a show. I know right. So there'd be no point in my inviting him on the show. I don't I don't know.
I have no idea. I don't hear him a lot on any of the other shows. He's turned down eight debates with
me. Truthfully, I mean, he's really afraid to come on. So I think he's rethinking his his his
running and I'm afraid he's going to withdraw that that would be the saddest thing for me because I
will be sad for you, but it would be great for the rest of the truth. So I would observe
the better who would succeed him. Couldn't possibly. I mean, I think the guy's gone soft in the head.
I really do. I don't I mean, he was in the beginning. He was he had that kind of right wing Cuban
mentality, you know, like we've seen a date kind of that repressive, but not like this, but the last
year or two. So he just got off the deep end. Well, it will have served the purpose if we get him
more than that. I mean, that will be a positive step forward. I agree with you. Although it's not
an isolated thing. You know, I'm going to talk about the Kennedy assassination conspiracy theory.
I'm not one of these paranoid people of things. There's a conspiracy under every rock. But
they had a story. I don't remember what show it was on. I'm going to say about on the CBS even
a few nights ago about the porn raids in LA and about all these buster doing out about how this all
stay. It was about a week or two ago. All this started with this meat commission. That's right.
That we had under Reagan. And now it's continuing. And they're just going all around the country and
just going crazy. And you know, the man who started this, who's instrumental was Charles Keating
from the SNL. From he started in Cincinnati. This man has waged a campaign against pornography
and look at his morality. He is single-handedly almost destroyed America's economic base.
Again, you always find it's the person who's most, most virtuous is most hypocritical sexually.
I mean, this is the point I hate. Everyone wants to handle our sexuality. And this, they have
their hand in the till. Charles Keating is a disgrace. And there he was, his anti-pointer force,
this great voice of morality. And how many billions of dollars have they robbed from us?
I don't think in our lifetime though. I don't think in this country. There's no hope. We're not
going to make a lot of progress as long as you. Maybe in a hundred years or fifty years. But I don't
think you're going to see much change at our time because it's hopeless. The immaturity and the
hypocrisy of the people in this country just drives me nuts. And that's why every summer, now that I
get my two week vacation in summer, I wouldn't miss going to Europe. I've always had my deathbed,
which I had just had my stroke last summer. And I still went over there. I stayed a couple of days
and it feel like red. I came back with just just the ambiance and the attitudes and the
their light years ahead of us. And yeah, they don't have as many fancy hotels and as many big buildings.
And they don't have as not as many people at VCRs and fancy cars. But in terms of their maturity and
our attitudes about sex and about almost everything in life, their light years ahead of us.
Well, here, the dark age. Right in Fort Lauderdale, it'll find and screen bikinis.
In Europe, there are nude beaches. If you had seen the TV show last night on Ted Comple,
so first time I saw breasts and vaginas and pubic hair on television. But that's because they would
have looked too hypocritical talking about Russian sexuality and the awakening of Russia's
interests and sex and the growth and then have America suppress it. I mean, it really is,
it's a real vine for, well, must have been a vine for ABC. And I'll bet you people will complain
to the FCC. You're showing breasts. You're showing pubic hairs. We are so sexually immature,
though area where Russia was weakest was in the area of gay sex and in condoms.
They argue condoms are safe and they're unavailable. Somebody had a grade line. He said,
using a condom is they trying to, they trying to smell a rose with a gas mask on. I thought
that was a great metaphor. Well, I want to steal that. You should steal it, too.
Okay, let's do a little break. It's 10.50. Oh, boy. Well, I guess there's no better time to
now to do this. If you've been nice this year, he for a W.I.O.D. Al Goldstein is here,
pervader of smut and the pornography and trash. That's why he's here. We like him.
Now, seriously, though, since this thing in L.A., which what they were doing is busting people for
transporting across state lines, that's what I was busted for in 74.
My best scene material right there. So, so let me ask you, is there anywhere today
in this country that knew, because, you know, most of the stuff that's available on tape is like two
years old, five years old, whatever. Is there stuff that is being made today? Yes.
Or these people all the way? The guy who we both despise physically and run Jeremy. But oh,
I'm sure he's been late in the hairball. Oh, he's hairy and fat. He is now approaching our
weight category. Ronnie is making films. The problem is they're so fair. The one day one is the
Shondermot tell rooms. The quality is bad. They're still being made. The interesting thing in the
bust in L.A., they're not invoking the Riko law, which is what's always gotten so many people in
the point of business nervous. When George Bush or Ronald Reagan or Nixon wants a distraction,
you do, you try to out the gaze, you try to out the point of films. It's give them services.
It's that philosophy. And it must work most of the time. You're a fatal, not a fatal. It's your
cynical about a salmone. It must keep the American public occupied and modified because to a
large degree, why did the politicians keep doing it? The thing is, people in this country have found
most of them are very uptight. In other words, they're hypocrites only because they're so afraid.
So you go to the movies. I'm talking about regular movies. If a movie isn't rated R,
you know, like if it's rated PG and it's Mary Poppins or if it's kids, it's Disney, it'll do well.
But if it isn't rated R, and it doesn't have a lot of four letter words and nudity in it,
forget it. It's not going to make it. So obviously, that's where the public tastes are. I mean,
the masses. I mean, the masses are not going to go see the role and ban her. They're not into that
anymore. They want to see adult mature related things that are a reflection of real life.
And yet, if you talk to a lot of people, you don't have the balls to put it in those terms. In
other words, they're very hypocritical and it's embarrassing. I don't watch soap operas. I'm sure
you don't, but on the occasion I have. I watch the guided light. I've been watching it since I was a kid.
Okay, I never got into soap operas, but when I have watched an occasion, it's amazing how
sexual they are. Everyone's in bed and in the middle of the afternoon. Now, why? Because it's giving
the housewife to a large degree. I'm more interesting life than her life really is. So it shows that
because it's popular, people wanted it. Filts are needed. Why are we so angry at ourselves? What
can a self hatred is generated that we have to feel apologetic about our love of sex? Something
that Patty watches. What's that show you watch about picking mates and stuff? What's that?
Love connection. Love connection. It is horrible. It's filled with innuendo. It's raunchy, and it's funny,
but in America, it has to be dirty. Childish. It's very adolescent. Like, his 14-year-olds
talking about how far they can urinate or how they masturbate or something. It's always with a dirty
leering quality. That's the American mentality. Very sophomore. I would not have been successful with
screw. If I had not approached it the only way I know how to, in an image, you'll away.
Screw is like a dirty joke. It's not mature, sophisticated sexuality. Because that's how American
men look at sex. And obviously, American women, or I always believe, look at sex in some romantic
way. Sex is secondary to finding this magical guy who's going to change their life. I mean, I
mud and women will marry a doctor. There really are differences. And it's a shame. It becomes a
cliche. What is the latest chain? I mean, I know 7-11 Southland went bankrupt. Thank God. I'm so
pleased to go there. And most there was another chain where we recently, Loa Circle K, or one of the
other ones that just banned all the hustle or playboy and penthouse again. And really, what we're
talking about is a small group of fanatic right-wing, religious, and other right-wing fanatics and
John Virtus. These people. And they're controlling the taste for everybody in this country. And the rest
of the people are a bunch of sheep and they're worried about how many Rolex watches they can buy and
how many material things they've got. They don't give a damn. And yet, which is one of the main reasons
that I stopped doing that kind of talk four or five years ago. You might as well be talking to that
helium tank over there. It's a waste of time. I agree with you. I, through it times, I listen to you
really cynical. He's really turned off. And yet, I understand why because you do think, hey,
I've been through this before, deja vu. The good news is that the people who want and married
with children off the air lost. And it's raining so still big. I notice on TV and I'll say this on
radio. You can say that they say the word pistola for a lot. The word AS can be used. And with
television, it's maturing in terms of language. It's shocked me in a way when I realized you could
never have said that. It's so slow. I mean, the thing with Jeff Power and Water Closet.
What are we going to grow up? I was watching something on TV the other night. I was thinking of
the same thing because they avoided using a certain word and they just tapped ants around it.
This thing with words. When hell has it ever been shown and words hurt people? I'm not talking
about slander and I mean, they're legal. Right. Recourse for that. But I'm just talking about
four letter words or any particular words that people of all ages, including little kids here
every day. I mean, it's so juvenile anyway. It's chucked in the news. Chuck Meyer whom again,
I thank for doing a super job filling in here yesterday as you 11 o'clock news. Mr. Porno,
the next sheriff of Broward County, L Goldstein's coming back with us at 11.05. Rick and Puts will be
here from two to six to seven. Can we say Puts on the airs and also banded Broward. It eat on the
corner, which could be sheriff Nick Hurricane hotline on sports talk with Joseph Acky tonight at
6.05 and the Larry, the high gold version of eight o'clock tonight. It's 11.06 at W.Y.O.D.
Is that something for me? I bet you that's copy, right? Thank you so much. Oh, our horses run
the night of pomp and a park Christmas list with the six hole. We even got the thing from the program.
Five to two favorite in the morning line is one two in a row. We have a horse, the W.Y.O.D. horse.
At a racing stable. It's the little thing they did the metal lands last year and the year before.
And gets the people involved in our horses one two races in a row. Great. And we're going to fix it
up so he wins again tonight. I just did joke. It's just a little joke. Can we take some calls for
our goldstein because some of these people what before we do it when I'd also like to open it up a
little bit too. I have a condo committee who is a kind of committee. Yeah, you know these kind of
condo commando. I have a place in pomp and now I bought a set and one and I put a staircase to it
and this condo committee is run by Nazis. There are letters on the wall. You can do this. You can do that.
What did you expect when you moved to pomp and I wanted to know is that the way all of us who live here in
Florida have to live with you live in a condo punk. If you live in a complex not just in a condo. For
example, I had I moved to I don't remember the name of it on sunrise Boulevard back in the early
part of the year to Mayfair and I do take great pleasure mentioning the name of it again on a
day or Mayfair and I had my satellite dish. Well, I have a patio dish which the city of plantation
approved. I got a permanent. It took me like two years fighting with them. It's a patio umbrella
that covers up the dish. Okay. And in table it looks nice. You put it in the backyard. It looks like a patio
table. So I move into this new complex. I have it put in the backyard and Mayfair is a complex with
a board of governor, whatever the hall they call it. And it turns out that my neighbor, not old people,
young condo. I call them condo commandos and trained because the people who are like it where you
live now in Papano, when they were younger, they weren't any different. They wanted to wash
everybody. Rada got to her nose the size of their. So anyway, the first day that I move in there,
they're peering out the window and they're watching them putting this satellite, the patio dish.
And they put me through such tourists for a month and a half, two months I broke the lease and I
moved down. And I got my bread in my own house out in plantation acres. I got my patio dish up. No
problem whatsoever. I have my little, long piece of the earth out there. But when you live in a
complex, especially in this town, I don't know what it is. What what the nature of the people is,
who come to this town, but they just wanted to, it reminds me to say, I used to use all the time.
It's not important in life that you succeed, but that your friends fail. So in this case, it's not
important that you be happy, but that your neighbors be miserable. Because it's busy parties. We've
had to lead them more on mail. And there are weird people. What I want to do because I now have a
second place, I'm thinking of renting six, oh, well, I won't give them the number. I'm renting the
other place to welfare recipients because I can rent any place I want if they're so nosy and they
want to continue declaring one, maybe people who listen, have their own techniques and fighting back,
you chickened out when you know, you just moved out. I want to know about people who,
I have a real work area. It's over. It might be in a box. Well, you mean, no, you're right. They
shouldn't kid you, but we want to get people who are listening, who can tell me how to wage for real
and warfare against my condo committee noxies. They must be counter attacks. Again, I'm going to
rent to these welfare recipients just to drive and crazy. But why are these people monitoring other
people's lives? I mean, they really are nosy, busy buddies. Because they have no life. They have no life.
That's that card I play all the time. I have no life. And the reason I play it is because it
really hit me of the people in this town or about 80% of the people is tired. And it goes back to
what you talked about in the first hour about the women getting the vicarious thrill from watching
the show. So whatever, people's lives so many of them are so shallow and so vacuous. And so they
have to get a vicarious thrill by injecting themselves unwantingly into somebody else's existence.
So they have to stick their nose into your mailbox or they have to stick your nose in. It's like
the woman who had the little what the hell was it on her door at the condo? Remember about a
year ago she had a thing on her door, some kind of a religious chauchky on the door or whatever
the hell it was. No, it was she was Christian. But I mean, whatever it was, the point is that they made
such a fuss and such a fear or they took her to the board of directors and they took her to court.
Who the hell cares? What the hell difference does it make? How does it affect their life?
You're right. Entertainment tonight, one of the other magazines shows did something on these
fans who torment famous people. And it's the same thing. If you're not John Lennon and he can
write great lyrics, you can become famous and make the cover time magazine by killing John Lennon.
So these are the killers of creativity, of diversity. They want to urinate and everyone's parade
because there's no other explanation for it. And here, of course, I'm surprised that you're
a shantapist. What do you expect in poppanobe? Do you all have a townhouse? The median agent
poppanobeach is death. It's true. It's amazing because I do meet nice people. Some, 20%.
80% are miserable, frustrated, nasty, hostile, bitter, and anything they can do to make your life
miserable and to be nosy and stick their nose into it because they have nothing going in their
life. And they just waiting to die. And people drive that way here. Haven't you know? Yeah.
Insane. I mean, come on. You just discovering these things? Welcome to Florida.
Sheriff. I'm going to spray them out. Yeah. The new sheriff, man, he's going to open up some special
camps for some of these Yentas up. Well, that's what it's in them. Out in the Everglades, we can
open up a jug and a camp. We can entertain it. You can take care of the food arrangements. I
would be no problem. Okay, it's 11 after 11 at W. I. O. D. I'll go to tennis here. We'll take
some calls for that when we come back. We have an open line in day, 7 5 1. Broward, look at that.
Nothing in Broward. 524 W. I. O. D. That's that I tell you they're excited and brown. Oh, yeah,
they're ready to riot and Broward because of Sheriff Nick and the star out I. O. D. on the
star line 6 5 5 W. I. O. D. in Palm Beach. Let's talk about the max 11 of 15 at W. I. O. D. We
had those two lines on in Broward. They both dropped off. Must be Sheriff Nick's saboteurs. 524 W. I.
O. D. in Broward, Kendall. Yeah, how long are you today? Okay. Listen, I don't really have much from
Mr. Goldstein, but I just wanted to comment on Mr. Myers set in last yesterday. Yeah, Chuck.
All the people he's had on before he's the best. He's been he was. Chuck does a great job and he does
a weekend magazine on Saturday morning from 6 to 10. So it's not like he's in experience. He's a real
pro whether he's doing the news or a talk show. That's why I beg them. I said, listen, if you're
going to get somebody put Chuck in there and need to do the super job, he's great. He did an excellent
job. Also, I really want to bash some of these news stations for not getting on your bandwagon for
promoting Camilla's house. I mean, you're doing an excellent job. Well, I will say this. The
Harold finally came around. I want to thank Lorde Sandsaveto this morning in the Harold radio
column. She has a nice paragraph about it and we appreciate that. She also mentioned the show
we're doing at Charcoal's tomorrow. So yeah, sooner or later they jump on the bandwagon. Well,
they should take in the time about it, right? Yeah, you bet. Now, I want to thank Mr. Goldstein for
helping adults be adults at their own free will for keeping screw magazine going and fighting for
the rights of people who want to act like adults and enjoy that particular facet of their life.
Thank you. It's great. Thanks for calling. Happy holiday. Same thing. 1117 in WIWD. We have an
open line of dates. 751 screw. 751. 9463. 751. And well, I'll go into it later. Here's a
bar. Right. Neil, your kind of committee comments made me think of a definition that I thought
was quite apropos. You ever heard what's the definition of a camel? What? The horse that was
designed by a committee. Yeah, it's true because you know, it's like stupidity loves numbers because
the really strong individual can stand on his or her own feet. But we people have to
be unified. It's really like a, it's really like a vigilante, linch mob. You have to get a lot of
people equal one person because the committees I've seen in this condo are really brain dead. I mean,
it's so sad. But typical typical. And I used to do those kind of shows. We did the thing. In fact,
a couple, I can't think of the name, but they were on 60 minutes in Tamarack. And they moved into
a new complex and in the bylaws, they've all got these 8 million pages of bylaws. No children
allowed. Okay. So the people who lived next door to them, the couple of next door, they had a pet
monkey or a son. I'm pretty sure it was a monkey. So come to find out that this woman got pregnant.
Okay. I mean, these things do happen. They even know if you're not planning. She got pregnant,
had the baby and the the tremendous hysteria that came about as a result. In fact, I had the
people on my show about four or five years ago. Just incredible. And the message that astonished me,
the message really was it's okay for the monkey to be next door, but you have a baby in your house.
And to us, that represents something horrendous, something a nightmare. This isn't New York,
where people are too busy. See, in New York, people don't have time. They step over dead bodies
in the subway because they have to because they're in a hurry because it works. It's a tremendous
pace. And they just don't have time. They don't want to take the time. They're just under enormous
pressure. Here, in fact, one of the funniest calls I ever had was from somebody who was leaving.
We get calls all the time. Oh, you hear them. I'm leaving town. We're finally getting out of
here or packing them. But anyway, this person was leaving because they couldn't stand the fast pace
here. And I cracked up. I mean, the fast pace. This is like a snail's pace here. These people are like
in slow motion or no motion. It's incredible. Okay. All the day lines open up. 751. Strange
on the phone, by the way. 751. 9463. Miami Beach disappeared. Alabama. You got it, man. How you doing? Okay.
Hey, I have a fight back for you. Good.
Red out. Red out to be a beautiful young lady. It has her start at home at condo daycare.
That'll get him. That's good. That'll fight back. Good. Thank you. Anyway, that's all I have now.
Or have you started filming porn movies in her apartment? Yes.
Into the drinking drape show. In one room. I probably have a committee meeting outside the window.
They would. They would. How is your vacation now? Outstanding. Great. Great time in Vegas. You can't be
the Vegas are living and breathing place. I'm still going into withdrawal because I spent almost
a whole week with people who were alive and having a good time. Even though people were losing,
we're still having a good time. They had a smile on their face. It was great. Pretty wide open.
You bet. Hey, listen. It's important to say happy holidays to you and my buddy and open
show be hitches. Listen. And I wanted to call him a douchebag. He's got all of his children.
He's a teacher down there. He's got all of them listening. There's supposed to be listening.
The Christmas music. So turn the channel. Yeah, get with it. Okay. Have a happy.
Hey, thank you. Thanks. You know, I was watching last night the previous. I'm very excited to
the bug. In fact, two nights ago, I wasn't here yesterday. So I didn't get a chance to mention two
nights ago. Godfather won, which I've seen 10,000 times was on. So I watched it again. Last night,
I saw little bits of Godfather too was also one last night. But anyway, I'm so excited about Godfather
3 and I happen to have Tuesday off Christmas day. So I'm going to go see it because that's when it
comes out. And I'm almost embarrassed to admit this. But I was watching some movie and I was
it was the scene in Godfather 1 where they're talking about the drugs and Marlon Brando is saying,
no, because the cops will come after us and I have to turn your deal down, Mr. Solazzo.
Bapapah. And not certainly drugs. I'm all against like anybody in their right mind should be.
But I'm talking about other things, whether it's sex or whether it's gambling.
The mafia isn't all bad. I mean, they do a lot of things that are very illegal and they do
eliminate people and they do a lot of very corrupting. But they're not all bad because they give the
public things that they want. Great. That the government wants to take away, and the church wants
to take away from them. But it's Tuesday. Like Vegas. When I'm out in Vegas, I don't think,
yeah, I wonder if the mob still owns this hotel or I wonder if this entertainer is on the payroll
of the man. Who the hell cares? I'm having a good time. Isn't that why you love them? They
might haven't been there in a while, but I found a one of the most enlightened, liberated
parties. Absolutely. The first of herring is great. When you get off at the airport, which is one
of the wildest, most gentle, yeah, jammed up airport, chiphole airport in Amsterdam. Every kind of
human being from every corner of the earth is there. Oriental's black, white, big, tall, old young.
I mean, it's just it's like here. It's like a meeting place of the whole world. And nobody cares
what anybody else is doing. As you walk because of this walking city and you stay in the central
area and you walk for miles and you walk on the side streets. I've talked about this and the
aroma is coming from the various cafes that smoke and hash or potter. And again, like I said,
I'm not into drugs, but as long as it's not hard drugs and it's not hurting anybody, who the
hell cares? And sexually, whatever anybody wants, it's there. Nobody is judgmental. Nobody gives
a damn. And they don't have a massive drug problem. They certainly don't have a massive crime problem.
And people seem to get along great. They don't fit. And with all the different,
you know, reminds me again of this thing about world-class city. People in Miami, they say,
well, we're a world-class city. It's a joke. They don't know a world-class city. If it bit them on
the lip, okay? There is a world-class city. It is, you're as you're at years ago. I used to attend
a place. These definitely called the Wet Dream Film Festival in Amsterdam, the 70-71-72.
It was great. We know, but everything is assimilated. It was the first place I've been to where
really homosexuality was integrated. Panography was integrated. The drugs, they were
under the little floating boats. They were selling grass. People were growing it. It is really a place
where people mind their own business. And I found it absolutely wondrous. And one of the TV shows,
it might have been prime time, or not 60 minutes, had a piece of prostitution and asked them,
that they have to get loans for the pimps there. Totally victimless. I mean, it is absolutely the most
sane way of running prostitution here in Florida. Instead of taxing things, cleaning it up,
having inspections on the girls, we try to put it down, repress it. That doesn't make it go
away. It just makes it sleazy. Sleazy and dangerous. When will we realize it? When will the
mix of the world realize you're not going to control this? It will be integrated into some
corporate entity where taxes reach the city or the state. And there's a better level of education.
And this is a generalization, but to me it seems the better level of education, the better people
are able to cope with these things and be more mature. And our education is compared to the people
in Europe is a joke. Education people here can't even speak English, much less five, six languages.
Let me do a break. 25 after 11 alcohols, see this. Robo, 1128 at WID. Just want to mention,
I got a facts here from Beth Saxteen. And it says in the spirit of holiday season, Edward
Assad from David's cafeteria and Clifford Stein from Jopetto clothing manufacturers,
will be sponsoring a holiday drive to raise money for Camille's house. And each business will
contribute $150 to begin the drive. It should be held tomorrow all day at David's cafeteria,
80 to 88 Biscayne Boulevard. And it'll begin at 1130 tomorrow morning. And it says 800 to a
thousand people will have an opportunity to contribute during the lunch and dinner hours. That's
customers. Jopettos will also be donating new clothing to Camille's house from their business
at 425 East 10th Court in Halea. So that's another way for you to help Camille's house
to stop by and have lunch or dinner at David's cafeteria, 82 88 Biscayne Boulevard in Miami,
at 1130 tomorrow morning. I also want to thank you. You came up with a nice check for Camille's
house as you always do and the pledge to come up with some more. We haven't gotten any mail yet,
79,4445. And when the mail comes into day plus what you're going to help us out, it will be
well over 80,000 on our way to over 100,000. There was a thing. There's another thing. Well,
you know, see this gets me back when you come on. It's always great. I enjoy it, but it bothers me
in one sense and that I start having the social conscience again that I'm trying to remove
right now. I mean, professionally. I mean, as a human being, I obviously have it,
but sitting here and talking about life like I look at the phone and like there's three four lines
open here. And it's not it's not a big deal because this audience, they're in vacuum heads, you know.
But the news story the last couple of nights has been that there are more homeless than ever before
and the public sympathy for them is lower than it ever has been before. And one of the things that I
hear once in a while, which is starting this year, I dump it. I don't let it even go on because I'm
tired of hearing it. People say, what's he's, how can he help out those wine, those drifters,
and all these stumbles? Oh, hi, how can he get involved in that? I'm not going to dignify that by
letting it even go on here anymore because I know what that is. When somebody says that, what they're
doing is they're rationalizing their own unwillingness to help out. They're only in difference to
human suffering because no matter what you want to label people and there are a lot of families
out there. Their women would little kids, their entire families who were done on their luck or
other streets, their veterans who put their lives on the line for the country who are out on the
street sleeping on cardboard and on bus benches. But when you say to yourself, ah, they're wine
owes their drifters, it makes you feel better. It makes you feel less guilty that you have and
you're eating and you're doing well and you don't give it to anybody else. I was a boy. What kind of a
country can have millions of people sleeping in the streets and not even having a place to live?
It's amazing. I was watching something last night on an entertainment. They had a TV show
What the Cronkite was the voiceover and it was about Vietnam in 1970s shoot about Charlie
Company. And I watched the American soldiers referring to bodies dead people as gooks. They made
them not non-humanists like when you do body counts. So this way you don't have to deal with them
as human beings as entities as breathing, breathing, eating creatures. That's what we do with the
homeless. If we can just make them into non people and visible people, then we can accept the bomb
based syndrome that we are like New Delhi and we can have the six-year-olds begging. It's a
harry. I understand it's a defensive posture we do. Otherwise, you know, the dangers we can be
burned out and we feel imponent. But at least if you contribute some money, I know my contribution
is insignificant. But at least I can say, well, I'm doing something. It's like what's the concept
of tithing? It's giving, I like that. Even though I'm an atheist, it's giving something back.
I made a commitment to the American Civil Liberties Union yesterday that I'm going to be charging
my advertisers in screw. The hook is the S-foot services 2% of my gross, which is $7 million
when it charge 2% and contribute the money to the Civil Liberties Union. Why? Because if my
advertisers don't have the brains to have social responsibility, I will. And I like the idea of
knowing every time a hook turns a trip, some of the money is going to go for something that's
socially useful. You know, you talk about, I want to go back to what you were talking about with
Amsterdam and a lot of the cities in Europe. The usual song in advance in human cry used to be
here about communists and atheists and hedonism and tiled his crap in together. Although it is
interesting, communism is on a way out in the Soviet Union and there's a sexual revolution going
on in there. So where are you going? But the people in Europe for the most part are not atheists.
In fact, if you go into any of the major cities like Amsterdam, they're all of these big,
old cathedrals and churches and they're attended. They're well attended there. You go on a Sunday
morning. They're full of people in there, but they don't look upon religion in the sane.
I don't even know how to describe it as so many of the religionists in this country. I mean,
it's the guilt trip religion in this country. It's like, you know, the old saying, if it tastes good,
it must be bad for you. If it feels good, it's evil. I was shocked last night to see this black
leader here in Florida in Miami saying he didn't want to be questioned with what he said at the
Williamson. This man must think he's out of Hitler. Does he think that it's it's and I don't know
what the issues are. But how dare he think he cannot be questioned. He's the equivalent of New
York's shopped. I mean, he looks like a demigod. I know that's another thing about this town that
makes a no-win situation is that it's like it's a professional ethnic thing in this town. And now we
have the thing in the situation with the Mercado case and the ride we had in or the disturbance,
whatever you want to call it in winwood, which I never even knew we had a division in winwood or
a town or a city or whatever it is. And so now it's the Puerto Ricans against the Cubans,
against the blacks, against the Anglos, against this one again. And it never stops. It never,
ever stops. And to think that we have a black boycott because the leaders in this community
didn't genuinely reflect when Nelson Mandela came here who was a as far as I'm concerned, a terrorist,
fascist loving piece of crap and his wife who's accused of murder and all else, I don't understand
that. I mean, what are people thinking that because they annoy somebody as leader, whether it's
Louis Ferrican or Nelson Mandela, that if we don't genuinely reflect and we don't agree when
they bring the person to this community, right away we're going to boycott, we're going to do this.
I don't understand it. It's a self-defeating thing. Right, I see it as a Jew, whether they like
Olstein even though I'm an atheist, I am still clearly a Jew. I watch 60 minutes, two weeks ago.
And I'm impressed with that piece of journalism on that brick-phone incident. And I say,
well, hey, this where Israel has not done well, I'm not proud to be a Jew. Then I read the barber,
Waltz is Cheeto, and Don U, and the producer of 60 minutes and the professional Jews are upset
because it's Jewish doesn't make it always right. I understand that. And if you were a pro-Israeli
person and you said, out of you, you know, you have to have united front, you cannot get a real.
I say nonsense. I want Israel to be better than the barbarians. And I'm humiliated when I see Jews.
So you have to be a thinking human being. You can't be a professional Jew or a professional black
or a professional Cuban or, and wear it on your sleeve all your life and just block out all the facts.
And that's what this town is filled with. I don't know when it's ever going to end. I don't have
much hope for it. But it just seems to keep happening over and over again. Waltz said, oh, in New
York City, there are actually some black leaders who defend the central park, jog is mugging. And
almost one, hard to be arrested for tantalizing. I mean, there are blacks who are criminals.
There are blacks who are dangerous. There are some Jewish lawyers who will rip you off. It's
a given. You're in radio. There are some nice people in radio. Some losers in radio. But you see
it in a complex way and said it is simplistic comic book mentality with either all a good Jew
or a bad Jew, all good black, bad black. That's where I become angry at human nature, rather than just
Florida. Well, we talked about the thing with the dentist and the shaleigh head on 60 minutes from
the ADA. And the first thing they want to do, cover up their own. The dentist, the doctors, the
lawyers, whatever it is, instead of cleaning their own house up, same with the cops. Oh, jeez,
you call us paid you to this, your anti-cop, you're a bad guy. We got more police corruption in
this town than you can check us. Stick it. We got police murdering other people, murdering innocent
citizens, taking justice into their own hands. Hey, if you speak out against the right away,
you're a bad guy. You don't you don't support good law enforcement. Right. When I'm told right
outside this radio station, there's a sheriff's office that has has practiced some really heavy
hand attacks on some on air radio personalities. That's shocking to me. I mean, it's inappropriate.
It's inappropriate. And the car I drive is. They know my car. They love me. North favor. Look,
thank God. 1137, out Goldstein is with us. The folks speaking of cars go over to Toyota,
Hollywood, Tulpatrick, Murray, you want W.Y. O.D. with Mr. Pornow, the next year of a
Broward County, L. Goldstein. You made a good point. We were just talking about Europe during
the break. And when they took the wall down in Germany, the first one of the first things that
the people from East Berlin did was they rushed across what used to be the wall on the board of
there in the West Germany. They went to all the Pornow sections there where they have all the shops
in the movies and the theaters and the strip joints and whatever. And there was a major article in
one of the finance. I think it was in Forbes a few weeks ago, just about that, about what a
multi-billion dollar business it is now that all the people from East Germany are just
flocking in there because they've been suppressed so long and the same thing in the Soviet Union.
And I'm thinking we go in cycles. You know, we go through all these various cycles and the
pendulum keeps swinging back and forth and people are repressed for a long time. Then they all
want something very badly. And then all the right warriors start trying to repress it. That's
exactly what's happening in Russia. And the story, yes, they are an ABC section in Russia.
The freedom is breaking through now and you see all these people selling all these Pornow books.
And now, of course, the right wing is saying it's going too far. And you do. You do have a
pendulum swing when Patty and I were in Berlin two years ago. East Berlin was sterile and boring
and gray. And West Berlin, we went to a Pornow film which was good quality, a comfortable theater.
I remember small little thing. It was a place to put your soda. There was no ripple up. It was clean.
And that's what the people in East Berlin was stopped for. And that's where sex is a way of
manifesting individuality without hurting people. You and I in total agreement. So long as you
don't force yourself and somebody so long and a potential. And what I don't understand is how
many examples doesn't take before the masses and maybe they already do. They just don't want to
wait. Understand the hypocrisy that you look at this swagger thing and a Jim Baker thing and Bob
Bauman and Marilyn. I maybe I can't say air. I don't want to make a blanket's generalization,
but I would say the overwhelming majority of the finger pointers, the ones who are screaming
allowed us. They're doing everybody inside, you know, behind closed doors. I think what we're
talking about is hypocrisy. You know, live and let live. Doesn't matter what your sexuality is,
I see the issue for me on children and rape is I clearly am on the side against both because I
don't believe a child of eight or ten can evaluate what's better for him or her. Rape takes the
choice and option from the other person. Sure, the bad. And there are some weird sexual activities
called water sports and things that are not my thing. But if you want to do it and you're doing
it in the safety of a home, the world of SNM is something I really haven't played around with.
But if two people want to sort of do like shane's the balcony and have the clue of the rough sex
without danger, who might have say no? Oh, that's so good.
You should have before. In fact, if the food doesn't show up pretty soon, we may have a little
lesson and going on here in the studio. What is he doing over there? Is he ordering out? Man,
under ordinary circumstances, we don't want to be pushing, but geez, these people are like,
and of course, Patty needs it. She's like, she's a way to pass out. How do you could probably
handle another half hour anyway without passing out? How do you fell down and she can't get up?
I think the dog fell down and can't get up. I met that woman who did that famous
person. I fell down and I can't get up. It's a writer in New York, they Michael Musto,
the writer for the village voice, and he had a birthday party and he had her coming. She's
really a very classy woman. I want to meet the old lady who does the clafting. The one
that's in bed where she claps and let the TV goes off. She's just as good. In fact, she already
fell down and can't get up and place you that a clamp. Mobile and Hollywood. Are you gone?
Long gone. Okay. Popped O'Beach is also gone. Well, we've been keeping these people on
this restaurant. They don't know where they're at. Miami. Is there anybody left on these lines?
Boy, you people are brutal. Miami Beach. Good morning. Yes, sir. Thanks for your patience.
Well, long long ago. Please acknowledge it. It is an interesting show and I'm listening
today because it is a show with conscience. The ow? Yes. I just dropped something down and you
should live and let live. I agree with you, but I think most people want the except corruption
or restlessness because they feel that if you let them get away with their corruption,
they've got to let you get away with theirs. You've read laser corruption. But yeah, so in other
words, it's okay. I had at this point a question, but I just wanted to recall a funny story
between me. The first time I ever heard of you or anything to do with you, within the harbingen
Chinese restaurant, I'm up a Broadway at least, but on this street, nearly 60s. We're a
Columbia. And we're sitting in just eating Chinese food and somebody comes walking down the aisle
saying, screw, pleasure, screw, pleasure. We had no idea what the hell was going on. And it turned
out that they were selling those magazines. That was a good old days when I could go back to them.
It was kind of funny. And of course, I was told about... Is it like Dem Sim? Dem Sucks.
Yeah, okay. Well, and my friend Tony California says it not well, but we're in Miami Beach. We
have our own property with the chief of police. And it's now imposing his own morality closing down.
Talk is pleasant. He's sending down letters. He's sending out letters now,
wants to with the approval of the City Commission to the employers of people who arrested
drug-related charges. So we're fighting it here. And I had a question to ask you. I'm
coordinated for Libertarian Party and Dick Knight. And I heard through some great fine that you are
connected with Libertarian Party, we're seeking their help. Yes, I expect to get the designation to
be running for Sheriff on your political affiliation. I'm going to run anyway, but what better candidate
for you than me? And so it's perfect because I am a Libertarian. And the question is, I know you've
got one winning candidate in Alaska. You're now going to have your second winning candidate. You're
going to have a sheriff in Browell County. And we can make some changes just by ignoring the
stupid laws. I want to put the manpower where it counts against the criminals, not against the
topless clubs and the Pono shops and the Rock lyrics. I am not a music critic.
New federal legislation just went down on saying that any drug paraphernalia is now a
selling of it is a federal effect. The rest of this is getting a greater effect. It's
frightening. Neil and I have been talking about a lot of things and I was watching something on
the PBS station here in this area that fascinated, fascinated, peace, how polygamy,
how polygamy was really an extension and expression of religious, of someone's religious
religiosity. And suddenly the other religious people who may be just as nutty because I think
there are some Roman Catholics who are obviously awfully crazy values telling other religious people
what's acceptable and not. Polygamy should be covered. And then a hundred years ago in order to
be allowed into the United States, they had to give a polygamy. But the history of polygamy is
that age-old history of repression and oppression against points of view we don't like. Whether
it's sexual or ideological, it's upsetting and I see why Neil becomes cynical because I can see it.
I can see it in my own and here I am for a couple of years old.
Question for Neil is something I do when I quote fraudulent lies down here and I try not to.
I just don't even get the hell out of here if it don't view it. But I don't ask what other
people are doing. People say, well, you can't do anything. You can't do anything. You know,
they can't do anything. I say, excuse me, what are you doing? Forget everybody out. It's what you're
doing towards liberty and freedom while you are here in this planet. Well, you know, that sounds great.
Listen, it sounds great on the surface. We're really ideologically.
The approach of what people come in here all day long. I can't jungle with it. Party, I can't do this.
I can't approach to that. And what difference does it make? I say forget it. What are you doing?
Using an individual. Well, well, if you can get to one person and as long as you're doing something,
you then will influence other people. Oh, no, I don't disagree with that. I mean, I'm not saying
that everybody should just throw their arms up and ear and give up. I mean, heaven forbid we should do
that. But you are doing that as a nation, but we're looking for somebody else. But you have to put
your energies in the areas where you really believe you can be affected. Like every year I do this
thing where we raise money for the Camila South in a homeless because it's a cause I believe in.
And yeah, we're going to raise over 100,000, but it's still a drop in the bucket. But at least,
it's something. At least it's directing some of your energies in a positive way and something
tangible that you can put your finger on as opposed to the wild blind idealism of the 60s. A lot of
us used to cling to where we're going to change mankind. And we're going to, and especially in this
area, you're not going to change mankind. It's like trying to talk to a rocket. Isn't going to happen.
They told me that when I first came here 15 years ago, when I was a wild-eyed idealist,
and I thought I was going to really make big changes here. We were going to do this. And
forget it. It's not going to happen because the people don't care. You can lead a horse to water,
but you can't make him drink. And you can't force feed the public. If they don't care,
you can't force him to care. And I've learned that the hard way of believing.
The masses have never affected it. But you see, I think what people like, you
have called in and kneeled myself. By the way, I'm not in charge of if you need any help,
we will contact the party. Please thank you. Definitely.
But reasonable objectives. I think if we don't do that, we wipe ourselves out. And I think what
happens is when you believe in something you think you're going to go all the way with it.
If you make that small gesture, that small step, for me 22 years of publishing screw,
I have not been a radical change in American life. But every week that screw came out,
my near-existence was a rebuke against the Jerry Boil.
Give it to me. But you were making a comment, but you were also entertaining people.
Yes. Through magazine. And you said this yourself before. You were given a public
what they wanted. Exactly. It was juvenile. It was sophomore. Absolutely. But it also had a
message to it. That's what I do. That's what I do every day. I entertain people. I have a message
to it. But to try to sit here and pontificate and get your blood pressure up and carry on and
think that you're going to change people's attitudes and force feed them. Forget it. It isn't going
to happen. Bottom line we're in show business. And if you are not entertaining people,
you're right. You are failing. School magazine is not a polemic or sexual freedom.
It's near-existence is a statement. And bottom line, let's leave the reader happy, give him some
good value. That's good enough for me. Exactly. 1152. And some BLT's, no doubt, or toast or whatever
they got. Got some diet soda for me. And the best part of it is you can be witness. I'm not
touching anything. How do you like that? Oh, hash browns. Look at that. That's enough for
all what's paddagon A. Excellent. Anyway, we've reached a milestone. We need a little sound effect.
Well, that could be it or maybe. Anyway, Mr. Disney just came in. Now he already donated as he
did last year $1,000 personally for Camilla Sounds. Now here is a check from WIOD and our friends
the coast next door for another $1,000 for Camilla Sounds. Which puts us that's a very important
donation because it puts us over the $80,000 mark even before the mail comes in today. $80,444.85.
In fact, maybe Murray Kim. Would you do me a big favor, Murray? I mean, you already do a
civic. Can you do the erasers right there and the front is their chalk? There's the chalk on the
other row. The chalk is all gone. Okay, we'll get a piece of chalk. George, bring a piece of
chalk from the other one. Put it up because it's a real milestone. Oh, look at that little sausage,
little hand. Yeah, now we're cooking. Oh boy, I haven't seen a little us. Man, this man is smiling
from ear to ear now. The eating sheriff, huh? You know the sheriff in the car spots, the Georgia,
the guy in Georgia, the big fat sheriff that's in all those cars. But you could be like him and put
the uniform on. The only problem is it's going to cost the taxpayers a fortune to clothe this man.
Can you imagine the sheriff's outfit that we're going to have to put together for you? We're going to
cost us millions. Is that my con, by the way? I don't think so. I don't hear it. What were you saying?
I'm going to feed myself with my own money. Any calls from Nipthal on the Broward line?
Oh, do we? Let's see. Let's take a brown-broward call from... Look at that. Six is North Miami.
Oh, four is Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Oh, back in the 60s. Do you remember a movie called It Happened
in Hollywood? I made it. You made that? I made it. I played the King of the Philistines. If you
watch The Handway Through The Film, you'll see me involved in sexual and explicit sexual activities.
I was a projectionist back then. That was an incredible thing. No one knows it's a while. The film was
made by West Craven who has become famous. This is where we would glory a letter that you denied.
This was Acrobatics Act. Yeah, but it's a it's a it's a it's a screw film.
Huh. I made it. So funny movie. We would release it, but we can't find a print.
See, back then, you know, when the movie theaters used to show when they used to have
4.0 theaters, I ran 35 millimeter 4.0 films in one theater and the other theater was regular.
I'll Hollywood film. That's funny. That's a fuse. And it was great.
It was great. Did any of the patrons ever get confused to wind up at a wrong one?
Half a time. All the time. Did they ever come running out of speech and probably unlikely?
They probably stood in at a long time. What do you like better? Do you like what
you're saying here? It was more peaceful. But I really haven't found great restaurants.
I'm a Neil's giving me a list. I want to check them out. But L.A. has better food for me.
Yeah, you really need great restaurants. In fact, that'd be the best thing that happened for you.
I'll keep the list to myself. It will be to lose from your point. But when
when torn was brought into the home with the B.C.R.s and the video tape and everything,
do you think like back in the 60s, you know, even going to see an Andy Warhol film was considered
pornographic. It's a movie. But since it's been brought into the home, do you think it's
that one? Kind of like the down slide. I mean, it's a trivial point, but I don't know.
Well, it did help the sale of video deaths. It was appointed X-rated represented 50,
60 percent of films. That was Hollywood films of burgeoning and they're more
audio Hollywood films is down to about 15 percent. But it's a multi-billion dollar business.
Okay, now, not no, the lovely, the not so pornographic Elaine Ettoire, depending upon who's
looking, I guess. I guess if you're over the age of 100, she's really something special.
And Lens got the new and W.I.O.D. news. We'll be back with Al Goldstein and Patti and the
dog and food at 1205. We're going to change the number up there. 80,444. We thank Mr. Disney and
company. And don't forget Rick and Puts a two sports talk at 605. Hank Goldberg eight tonight.
You're right. 1207 at W.I.O.D. and we got Al Goldstein here. Happy faces in a studio.
Even the dog is quiet. Is it not inside? She's on a four eating. Everybody's eating except me.
I want you to verify that. I'm not eating. I'm really impressed. Now we had Rick with what
I'm on lunch. That was a prep was I was only this. I get two minutes. I was at the American
plan. Wasn't it? Was it a European plan? If you eat more than this, I'm going to be I'm going to
carry a elbow for Nick Navarro. That's how it's open. Neil left the room when he came back. He had
grease on his chin. I did. Yes. I took that check into his vest.
Drooping out of your quenching vest. You are so full of cramp. It is coming out for somebody
as skinny as you are. Man, you are really full of it. You must hide it very well.
It shakes it though. Exactly. Anyway, I wonder where she got it from. We have an open line
of dates. 751 W.I.O.D. Al Goldstein is here. We're solving all the problems in the world.
We're going to turn the world into Sodom and Gamora or at least part of that. He's going to be
sure. And let me say it again at the thing at Charquels tomorrow. We're going to be doing a show.
Church with Al Goldstein. Al will be there with a dozen. A dozen shirts. Okay. A dozen?
I don't have a consent more though. I have a 12. I'm just giving you a heart. Okay.
No, but for the next one, we do our thing. It's called around the fourth of January between now and
then. If you can give me a whole bunch more of these, we can raise money for Camino's house with
these. These are sharp. These are beautiful. Al Goldstein for sure for the big flag.
I see anybody wearing it. If you still look like that, you might have a fight in
the ocean. So I'll tell you, look almost human. Little like Charlie Manson, but not bad.
Maybe that's what we could use for sure if it brought us Charles Manson. He's not doing anything
productive. We have an open line at Broward 524 WIOD South Miami. Hey, how are you doing?
Okay. I don't mind to hear you on the radio. I really enjoy when you come on the show.
Thanks a lot. Thank you. Listen, the channel 10 had an exclusive last night. I don't know if you
called it out about the Broward chair office having re-separated investigations on sexual misconduct.
I cannot believe it. It's unbelievable. I mean, next days are really numbered.
Besides having so many of his cases reversed because of the impromptu seizures of votes and stuff.
Right. And the thing with his wife, there's some scrutiny going on on her.
It is really, he really runs the worst sheriff's office in the United States.
And again, I know nothing about law enforcement, at least know what's legal and illegal.
And the way to fight crime is to get rid of Nick. I mean, fight crime at the first place, the sheriff's
office. Well, I wish you all the luck. Thank you very much. I hope it works out. You know, you said
something earlier that made I've heard a number of times talking with associates of mine about the
homeless about saying how they're homeless because they want to be homeless. Oh, yeah, that's
the biggest crock I've ever ridden my life. Yeah, it's unbelievable. I mean, anyone who thinks that
people want to live that existence. And maybe there are a few questions. But you know, there are
some people who have been out of who are, thanks to Reagan, especially, they put, they opened up
the mental institutions and they put a lot of people out on the streets because they cut off the
funding. And so there are a lot of those people who are confused, who are mentally unbalanced,
I mean, who don't know any better, don't know any other way of life and just insist on perpetuating
that. But that's a very small minority of the people we're talking about. Exactly. That's another
one of the tactics that's used just like the stereotypes, the winos, the drifters. Just keep using
those terms and it eases your conscience. And then you don't have to worry about it. It does,
it gives them a, if they have any conscience or any, it makes it easier to their conscience. So
they don't really feel guilty about not helping a homeless. It gives them an excuse not to do it
because in their mind, they're right. And that's why you bet. You know, it doesn't make any sense.
Well, we're doing great. Even in a recession year when money is very tight and people are just
they're not spending a lot of money because they don't have it. We're over 80,000 now. We're
going to go over 100,000 by the 15th of January. And I think our people are ready to be
commended for that. Thanks to you. Thanks a lot. Listen, one last thing. Yeah. I'm not,
a couple had a Ted couple had his documentary last night on sex and yeah, we were out of
referring to him. Yeah, it was incredible. They had a conservative party member, you know,
a lady says that they were talking about how a lot of the explicit magazines and videotapes
are more available. And she says she says this is terrible. We should not allow
people to get their hands on this type of stuff. And I looked on my friend Dave. I said,
doesn't that sound familiar? I mean, here it is in Russia. They're talking some of the same
language that people here are talking about. That people shouldn't have accessibility to some of
these tapes and magazines and things like that. And it's unbelievable when you look at it around
the world like that, that they're sounding a lot more like some of the people here are sounding.
Let me give you a bottom line and that's from my perspective as an atheist, which is so many
religious, so many religions and religious leaders try to make this feel that we're guilty of sin.
And when you're in the fighting of sin, anything goes including books, what the people did,
censorship. And then you become like a chomaine in the eye at whole that you become a true believer
who will destroy the enemy because you know long or a person. And I don't want to give you a
heavy philosophy. It's Florida and you little throw up and you guys want to hear it. But the bottom
line is it's good to look at it to realize for me that I'm glad I'm a panographer because at least I'm
in favor of our humanity, rather than the suppression of our humanity. Thank you.
Thank you. Exactly. Thank you.
1213 to WIOD. We have an open line in date 7519463. How's breakfast?
It was nice. It was very tasty. But I'm not going to tell you because Jeff from
Petzelov wanted to bring food also. And I told you or you tell him no way.
Because you are now you don't look quite as rotund as you were last time. Yeah.
And it actually shows which is a miracle because 12 out of four digits isn't that much.
I did a place I go to on the land of full of our bananas and they have great food.
The problem is the portions are too big here because a lot of the I think a lot of people
here in Miami they can. But now that you live in Pompo-no-B, you can go to the early bird.
Okay. Good. And they feed you little tiny portions for a bird and the price is about the same.
It's great. It's nice that the Schicksal-Elita June there. Exactly.
Isn't the way it should be? It'll fit right in.
Robo comp is back and better than ever.
Hi, this is Mari Povitch. We're wishing you a happy Hanukkah.
Okay, I love the way it says it. 1217 to WIOD.
Now I've got good news for you folks. It's lighting up a cigar.
Thanks to Bob Weaver. You know, you have Weaver the Weatherman at Channel 4 to thank
you. He's a super guy. That's wonderful.
And he's Jewish too, so I can't be all bad. Is he fat?
A little bit. Because he's not fat. He's a little ugly.
What does Waste like 38?
I don't know what Bob Weaver's Waste is. How the hell do I know?
It's not my type, okay? I'd check Waste over there.
Now when these guys come in here, then I can tell you what their Waste is, okay?
When they ever come to town. When people talk to me about if somebody is handsome,
and I'd always say if the Waste is 34 less than handsome.
No. You have so many. You never saw a skinny people in a
ugly. I always want. Oh, come on.
Larry King. What's his Waste?
No, but he's sitting there. I think he wrote tonne.
Huh? He wrote tonne.
Johnny. Larry King is wrote tonne.
I think he's got a fat tummy.
You're crazy.
This is absurd.
Johnny Holmes.
Oh, 32-inch Waste.
He was. Now what did you say was handsome?
I think he was handsome.
Do you agree with that?
Patty is.
If I'm your finger, look at that. There's the hash browns.
Just came up again. I can't believe it.
If John Holmes was handsome.
Well, he would be the way he was built.
Like you might know.
No, I'm too good at that.
Forget about that. You're off his skinny.
First of all, nobody wants to be built like an elephant number one.
That was beyond anybody's reasonable taste.
Number one.
And...
Kelvin.
Neil.
Yeah.
How about you going to dignify that with a response?
I just ignore from the way.
When you're Jewish and that's your fantasy,
you're really desperate. I tell you that.
Because the rabbi had a sharp knife.
Yes, Kelvin.
How are you?
Okay.
I didn't hit that question.
Um, car for a couple of reasons.
Well, that's good. Usually we have one reason
is usually good enough.
Uh, it's a two good ones. I've got the Kuna'a's house.
All these life cards won't give money.
So, look about it. I'm just trying to get a question.
I don't know what you're going to get out of it.
I'm just really going to go out on them.
So, give them money and...
Lifeguard suck, Kelvin.
Literally and figuratively. Don't ever forget it.
Yeah, but what about the money?
That's what I'm talking about.
And the other one is...
It's the infuriated house.
Well, that's great.
I would get out the cart and play it.
But he's just, uh, I can't handle it.
Yeah, you know, he says, he wants me off.
He wants me off.
I don't know how to come on myself.
Why is that?
He says you went to the last room already.
You know, he's being a baby.
Just see if he's a butcher.
Well, you know what? We'll have a real good time without him, Kelvin.
You just show up in your underwear.
We'll have a great time.
Okay.
We'll go.
All right.
Uh, purple would be nice.
I think, uh, I'll have to go.
In fact, we got a whole bunch of Zuba caps
and pants we're giving away.
Tomorrow, so you might go away well dressed.
Okay, Kelvin?
I'll do what I can do.
See you tomorrow.
All right.
From a brown line.
Come on, Neil.
I want to get that.
That was a brown line.
Oh, that's that's that's your constituent.
See right there.
Zuba pants and caps and underwear.
I don't understand how long have you had that place in
Pompano Beach two years and you still don't understand where you are.
I'm amazed.
You don't sit back.
I mean, I know you've got the dog in your shoulder.
I love what people hear you.
Okay.
If you want to be the sheriff, you can't be a meek.
West Palm Beach.
I need a favor.
You great.
Jessica's vacation.
Outstanding.
The uh, uh, uh, Mr. Goldstein.
Hi.
Hi.
You had an old friend, uh, Dr. Tony.
Otoni Grant.
Yeah.
Well, my love interest.
Tony Grant was very big in LA radio.
She had a book on feminism, which she basically repudiated.
Because she felt that women should be taken care of by men.
And Tony and I will love us and live together for about eight months.
Yeah, but what I understand when you told a story once before
did she deny it even knowing you?
Yeah, but then she quit radio and she quit the station in Los Angeles
because I had everything on tape.
I had evidence at collaboration.
And she retired from radio.
LA wasn't big enough for her and I.
Tony's actually a great just as a bit of hypocrisy.
She would not admit that she went to bed with me or that she
wasn't as an emerald love to be hung upside down.
And everything was on tape.
I think it made her a more diverse radio personality.
Well, I tell you, I knew her many, many years ago in high school.
Pretty lady.
I know what she had to Jewish name.
What was her name?
She not only changed her name.
She had a family change in it.
And people never realized she was a Jew from a burning.
The Nile.
Yeah, but it's him if you're a Jew, you're a Jew.
Right.
He sees shorting the name for a marquee point of view.
But if you're a Jew, you're a Jew.
That's what you accept.
Like I'm sure.
Yeah, I mean, Gilbert Garfield and I are Jews and people know it, right?
Right.
But the same thing happened to me.
I ran into her 20 years after I finished school with her.
And I knew her too.
And she wouldn't even talk to me when I tried to talk to her.
Well, in your case, she was right.
But in my case, it was wrong.
No, no, I'm just doing darn rickhoods and tricks.
I know you're good.
Thanks, Ella.
Thank you.
OK, 22 after noon.
How is Tony doing, by the way?
She's quick radio.
She's got a new husband and no one has heard from her in two years.
I did a show with a public service then.
I drove her out of radio.
You know, Tom Tom, like, is I did a show.
And then she tried to get him fired for putting me on.
And ultimately, two days later, she had to quit the show.
It's not that she went, that she and I were lovers, that the pandemic
said she denied it.
I felt I was good enough to do with.
I'm good enough to at least be acknowledged for doing it.
Doesn't that make sense?
But you know John Holmes clearly.
I'm so ministerial.
It's almost like not doing it.
Are you?
No, seriously.
Are you joking?
I am a science queen.
I don't forget about that.
Festive me.
That's a good test.
OK, that whole size, but you really thought that he was a handsome man.
Yeah, I said a fitting.
I interviewed him.
Take him to an optometrist and get the man some glasses.
OK, he was always one of the roses looking people who was ever
on the face of the earth.
He was I like home.
I call him John homelike.
I covered his murder trial for Playboy, which he was acquitted of those
former murders.
And I thought he I like playing.
And I would have given him a right on my figure.
I never would have been rejected by a woman if I had his.
A coach.
Thank God for Peter North.
That's all I can say 12, 1227 at W.I.D.
So you're coming by and charcoal us tomorrow with the t-shirts
because you have to be free food for everybody.
Yes, good.
Good.
Good.
I want to find a place.
A few wings a little bit.
If I get the early, will they get a shine and more food?
Finger food, as they say.
I'd rather have like, you know, armed food.
Well, they got that there too.
OK, we'll provide you with whatever you want.
Anyway, I just want to mention we'll be doing our show tomorrow at the brand
new charcoal is just not the commercial on university drive.
The address is 5426 North University Drive.
And we've got all kinds of stuff.
We're going to be drawing for free.
Panasonic car phone courtesy of Gold Coast Cellular.
We've got naturally the tapes and the t-shirts and also a small select
number of the L Goldstein for Sheriff of Broward t-shirts, which are beautiful.
We've got a pair of tickets to the Paul Simon concert to be given away courtesy
of Fantasma Productions.
We've got a whole bunch of Zuba pants and hats courtesy of the dolphins.
Dinner certificates from Charcoal's and Pizza Lock dinner from
from Frascades, it's had in restaurant, a pair of matching lamps from design
lighting and a free buffet and a partridge in a pear tree.
What the hell more could you want than that?
When's the Paul Simon concert?
When's the Paul Simon concert?
You don't ask me quite.
What the hell do I know?
I went out of time.
I went out of time.
I went out of time because I was in Vegas and he's coming to Vegas.
Like right around New Year's.
So I'm here to January 5th and there's anything free I want.
Yeah, that's what I was afraid of.
Mobile and for Lauderdale.
Yeah, I like to speak to Sheriff Goldstein.
Thank you.
I love the sound of that.
Sounds good.
I'll follow you any place.
Do you need a Jewish sheriff, don't we?
Absolutely.
I'd like to be a campaign manager.
Let's talk about it.
I'm Jewish.
I've come from the organ really a minute, but 20 years.
I think you'd be an elevator sheriff.
We'll buy votes.
We'll print more than it.
We'll have Dix paying a buck.
We'll pay a buck ten.
Derek, you got to get rid of that.
That's great publicity thinking.
Good space.
It really is.
I mean, a total moan.
And one of these days when I debate him, I'm going to highlight his failures.
I don't think he'll talk to you.
He's afraid.
He's going to be running.
He's running.
Okay, he's Mr. Macho Man's afraid to debate out Goldstein.
Do you think you think they do?
You got any connections you could bring John Gotti down here if you got elected?
I mean, let's have a good time.
Okay?
You must be very good.
We know John.
Yeah.
I like John because he's getting fat too.
He doesn't aim the weight.
He's now a 41 inch waist.
First, we got to get about a jail.
Yeah, he'll be up at Friday at home.
I want to wish you the best.
Thank you very much.
Have the holidays and feels very happy.
100 girls, everything else.
And the same to you.
Thank you.
Okay.
Something about that news, if it's someone else.
I'm going to be waiting.
I want to see the movie Christmas.
Kenna Wade, first showing his 12.
You know, they're always can't win.
We had the casino gambling things on a ballot here.
Of course, they're so such vision in a state that they vote.
They vote it down every time.
And one of the reasons they give is, oh, the mob is going to come in like they're not
here already.
But we couldn't have been interesting twist the little irony on the campaign to say,
we're going to bring the mob in.
Okay?
And have a great time for everybody.
The mob's, I mean, the mob runs things.
So everyone makes money.
They're very efficient, very practical.
Everybody who makes money has a good time.
That's right.
12.30, let's go to Miami.
Hello?
Hi, Okonee.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
How's Mr. Goldstein?
How are you today?
I'm fine.
Listen, I was just wondering if you got a chance to see Howard Stern show the other weekend.
I think the show is terrible.
I feel bad because I sued Howard because I did his TV show and he edited me out because
I'm an afterman.
But he owed me $550 which he wouldn't pay.
So I took him to small claims point and we settled him $350.
Did you see that lesbian to mesh to me out on there?
Did you see that one, Patty?
I heard some people telling that was cute.
But he's too ugly to be on television.
His nose is too big.
He needs a nose job.
His hair is too long to have a hair like that.
He's degrading, yes, but he is very talented.
On radio.
On radio.
His radio shows great as TV.
You know, this is about his third or fourth attempt on TV and he just doesn't cut it on
TV.
He's gruesome.
No, no, it's true.
He's bad and then the horse's teeth, what's an ambulance?
Rob and Rob should be shot.
But she counts.
She should listen to her foot, and tap.
One or two percent of porn is about this.
The other 90 percent, 98 percent, is consenting sex men and women who are exhibitionists who
have desires of being stars, who enjoy sex, who want to do it.
They're no different than people who are athletes.
Who are football players, or hockey players.
They're proud of their specialties and what's wrong with them.
I mean, again, it's easy to distinguish.
Do you think that the repression that they put on that is what causes these mass murder
types to claim that pornography is what fuels them?
Well, the famous one, who is the guy who is the funny, blinded and panicked?
I mean, all the studies I've seen was abused as a child.
His grandfather threw him against the wall.
He was an alcoholic.
Bundy learned to be violent because he didn't learn love.
He was brutalized and sort of won.
That's how he learned things.
Child abuse has become child abuse.
Pneography didn't fit anything into his life.
Everyone admits, including Gloria Steinem and Betty Frieden, that rape is not a crime
of sex.
I mean, this is boring to kneel as to me.
We've been through it for so many years.
But rape is not a crime of sex.
It's a crime of violence.
It's power.
And so Bundy blamed anybody, blamed society.
He refused to take responsibility.
And of course, the right wing jumped on his blaming a pornography.
What pornography does is it results, if it's good pornography, in an activity.
The activity is masturbation or sexuality with one's girlfriend, boyfriend or wife.
If you think that that's an activity that's a sin, this Catholic's believe that masturbation
is, obviously you're against pornography.
It's that simple.
Oh, I always just curious what you felt about it.
And I also wanted to thank Neil for what you do with the Camille town.
OK, thanks a lot.
And I think Nick should personally hand you some type of citation or award for what
you're doing.
And if I've probably a very hairy palm, you're probably waiting in pop-up beach right now.
And if I've been proud of you, get my boat out.
Thank you very much.
Have a good day and good luck on the campaign.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
1245 at WIWD.
We've got two open lines of both in Dade County.
751 repression.
7519463 Tamarack.
Hi, Neil.
Yes.
Good day, Neil.
Good day, Alan.
Hi.
First of all, Neil, question how I ask out.
I was watching a show at the Neil.
And I'm not much into horse.
I'm just trying to get a bit of a reward for walking in.
Yeah.
Oh, yes.
I'm not a veterinarian.
But why is my horse break the cycle prism?
It breaks down to the house of the destroyer.
It's here.
Let the animal live.
It can't be.
Just walk around on the car.
The horses have to stand.
I know that.
And Ruffian was such a tremendous horse that when she broke down in that mat race with
fuller's pleasure, they tried to savor anyway, which a lesser horse they would have just
put to sleep immediately.
And they operated and they tried to savor.
And the operation was successful.
But the problem was that she, even under medication, horses thrash around.
It's like a reflex.
And so much that she re-broked a leg.
And in a very short period of time, they had the destroyer.
But horses are just the standup kind of animals.
And they have to stand on their legs and the.
Is that the clear room?
The car abridged.
Have very thin legs, great big bodies.
That was a pressure on a leg.
Yeah.
Well, that's one of the reasons it more from breakdown.
And for example, standard breads are harness horses because they're running and they're putting
more pressure and they're built differently.
I think so.
In other words, less the horses like spectacular Seattle's clue.
They really don't go out that way to try to save it.
And they really didn't think of the horses they could put out of its majorly right.
Yeah.
Because it's just it's virtually impossible.
I think that's the most basic.
If they had the ability to do it, like go for one, to broke down in the abridged
a couple of few weeks ago.
It's just a hopeless situation.
Well, I thought the reason they did it was they could try for horses, who wish they
thought they could save the horse.
But since it couldn't run anymore, they couldn't make any more money out of the killer.
No.
That's what I thought.
Okay.
I mean, it's Gallic question now.
But the horse had a very thin waist.
Right.
Oh, geez.
He said the horse was good looking because it had a thin waist.
Oh, okay.
I mean, if you have a little bit of a we had a natural party for much of medical students
which I am one and they're pretty preferred to die because we're the most the most.
Yeah, we've seen all of those.
Looking at bills.
Yeah, we wait.
What do I graduate?
My film is talking about a company that makes really good videos.
Not nothing was violence, but for Janus J.
And you were a tip of it?
Well, there was a company, Janus, that actually used to do in legitimate foreign films in the
60s.
Janus, they're locating California somewhere.
Okay.
It must be a new company because Janus was actually a releasing company of foreign films
that were all rated and were not sexual.
So if I get a couple titles, maybe you recognize it.
It's a little bit of a fancy film.
Yeah, I'll go ahead and shoot.
Mondo fetish.
Yeah, okay.
If I've heard of those films, right?
Yeah, but...
And they're the kinky kinds of films and they're available.
Yeah, but not down in Florida, right?
Well, Florida, I mean.
Or was that Hondo fetish?
Is that somebody who's got a pen for John Hadler check?
What is that?
How it is the Jewish one, Hondo fetish, right?
Yeah, it's a lot of them.
I would go bargaining with a see them.
Yeah, very good.
I want them to be the big eaters like Al.
Mondo bread fetish.
Okay, I'm a question.
I want to be a hell.
We can never understand.
We never make use of these.
What is the attraction for all most old men for women with women?
Oh, okay.
I think what I believe, it's non-threatening.
That most guys, I think, don't know what to look at in a point of film.
They don't want to look at another male Chinatail.
Yeah, I know.
Like I'm hung up with that.
I'm a big one.
I'm a smaller.
He has two.
I only have one.
You know, stuff like that.
But you look at two women, three women.
There's nothing that is frightening to you.
What's threatening?
Plus the average male ego is such that he figures these women would not be with each other if he was on the set.
And the ultimate taboo was in one of our films.
Not sure if it was screw on screen or it happened in Hollywood.
We had a male male scene.
And that was a no-no.
That's scary because that is very threatening to most men.
Because I really think most men do have late homosexuality.
And I'm afraid of that.
And you don't have the problem of Montshow, Masculinity.
If you're looking at two and three women, do you have a...
I'm sure that four sexualities concerned that each person has a continuum where your line is joined.
Those with male have both female and female characters because they're females, right?
And to tell you, express it.
I know I agree with that.
I run a lot of phone lines in New York, sex phone lines.
The most popular one, and I'll clean it up, is chicks with penises.
It's got a different name in the pages.
It's a screw.
It's a...
Yes, pre-ops, transsexuals.
This turns on a guy because he seems to be with a woman with breasts.
That woman also has male apparatus.
So it is the number one grossing, economic grossing sex phone on we have in New York.
That seems to sound like a mixed message to a man, right?
But I think it's doubly exciting because it's also kinky, he hasn't done it.
And I mean, don't get phone sex lines or about fantasy.
Phone sex lines are about doing what you're not doing if you're married guys with the same woman all the time.
It's exciting and stimulating.
All I know is the numbers are really very good on that.
It makes the most money for us.
Okay, well, because I think they start to worry well.
Yeah.
You think they look far now?
Yeah, she's very pretty.
I've seen her in LA.
I haven't interviewed her, but she's a very attractive woman.
Are there a lot of Jewish pointers for her?
Yeah, with the interesting thing, we did a story in the screw.
90% of the males are Jewish.
The women are all from like trailer cities or 98% of the women are all Christians.
Usually raised from very religious families.
The only Jewish ones I know really were Gloria Lennon who's much past her prime family doing it.
But the women were all Catholic and the guys were happy to be getting it for free and also getting paid for it.
Harry Reams.
My John Lennon.
Jamie Gillis.
No, not John Lennon.
Jamie Gillis is Jewish.
Yeah, Jamie Gillis.
For John Lennon, he's ugly, but he is ugly.
He is ugly.
He is a real man.
He is Jewish.
How it's turned nose doesn't he?
Jamie Gillis, who's known as his ugly?
How it's turned or Jamie Gillis?
Have you ever seen the devil?
The devil.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Thanks for calling.
1251 at WIOD with Mr. Sheriff Malgoldstein.
We have an open line in Broward 524 to end date 751 WIOD.
Now, I want you to help me with a spot because you're a match.
Hello Steve.
Really?
How old were you when you made that movie?
Gloria Lennon.
You don't remember?
You still don't remember that movie?
In passing, I do.
Last time you hear you put on an acuportetti, you didn't remember the movie with Gloria Lennon.
But I remember that.
The only thing that happened in Hollywood where you see me knew doing it.
Oh, this is a dream.
Oh, true.
Slim and beautiful.
Mobile.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
I'd like to say hello to Al.
Hi, how you doing?
How you doing, Al?
Go see me.
I haven't spoken to you in about 13 years.
So I'd like to answer if you'd like to.
Two.
Number one is Joe Stovesooper in 116-14.
Sam thinks he was.
He died of AIDS.
Oh, you're kidding.
Four years ago, we have a new super named OB-OBI.
But we love Joe because he was big, fat, and he made me look thin-faced.
I have a picture of you, myself and Joe.
And I know you.
The toy place.
I'm at the toy place, the kidney place.
You're God, it's bunnies, right?
Right.
I got you.
Hey, how are you?
How are you feeling?
I heard you were down here.
Oh, you haven't down here for about 13 years.
Okay, so are you Broward?
Yes.
Are you Broward?
Are you a registered voter?
Absolutely.
Good.
You're going to be useful.
Now we have people.
Now I think we should go to dinner because I know some great places to see.
Okay, good.
And I'm no lightweight.
Okay.
I like that.
I don't remember you.
You remember me being in front of my Rolls Royce?
Yeah, in front of your turquoise Rolls Royce.
That's right.
I remember the election is in 92.
I got to live long enough for the election.
You know, you got to have to cut some of these meals on.
Okay.
Believe me.
Let me ask what you still have that little magazine gadget?
No.
It was a newsletter that tested electronics.
We did it for 12 years.
We gave it up three years ago because newsletters are not successful unless they have stock
tips or the dealing with your own particular business.
As a discretionary publication, people would rather buy profit in mechanics and popular
science.
So we let that go.
Well, let me ask you a question.
Or if you want to give me a number, I'll give you my number.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Okay, hold on a second.
Okay.
Okay.
That's on the star line.
Now, why don't you take his number?
Good.
Thank you.
And then I will call him in and you can swap numbers or whatever.
Thank you.
Thank you.
By the way, I have to do a little play by play on this to show you what a captivating show
we've had here today for these last three hours.
If we only, now is the time, even as ugly as we are in fact, we'll be on television because
Patty is sitting here with one elbow on the tail with a dog in her lap.
They are both sound asleep.
Well, she's content.
She had a nice breakfast.
She's tired of hearing your BS.
She's turned it all immediately for when the face told me that she's just having a nice
rest.
And she is out solid.
I mean, I could see I could scream and it ain't going to bother her.
Yeah, Ms. Milwaukee is sleepy.
And she's had three years of bliss with me.
She's my fourth wife.
Well, yeah, you can say all this now because she can't respond.
No, no, no.
You realize that she has her dreams.
She always wanted the Jewish husband and she has one for a sixer.
That is the ultimate objective.
Is it?
Have a Jew.
Her own Jew.
I thought it was no big deal.
Anyway, we have an open line today at 751 and one on the star line for our great bell
soft mobility folks out there.
Star I OD Elaine Etto is standing by with our exciting one o'clock news.
Elaine who is very by the way speaking of fetish, she is in the old man.
She really is.
Yeah.
Well, much older than you.
You have a happy way to she until.
Well, I don't know, but her way is like Karen Carpenter.
Anyway, she's got the one o'clock news.
We'll come back without volts to one or five Rick and Puts.
How are you thinking?
Well, I was playing that.
I got it.
I got it all song for you.
You know, you're going to get the living and breathing vote.
Right.
That's it.
But the big geriatric vote, you come out and deal with an early bird special.
I'm serious.
But early bird vote.
Early bird everything.
You're right.
I give them.
Can I give them a good traffic ticket?
Early bird.
I'm serious.
Oh, you're right.
It's a brilliant win him over.
No problem at all.
Early bird voting.
I'll give him chicken soup before they go into the back.
It's brilliant.
In fact, when they're standing online, you would put up a big sign, Rascal House North.
OK, and we'll pretend that they're standing online down here.
And you'll have a guy working a line with bagels and rolls.
We'll stuff silverware and sweet and low in their pocket.
You're right.
You're going to have it made.
You'll shuffle in.
No, no, no.
Give them what they want.
We're going to do it next day's on numbers.
OK.
Carol City.
Right here.
You can hold on.
OK.
Yeah, what's up, man?
Was that a speaker phone on?
Yeah, a speaker phone.
You can hold it up.
You can always tell.
All these hot shots as you can.
You can always tell the right.
No, no, no, no.
How good they say it is.
Terrible.
You can always tell it's it's you only in the canyon.
This is a brand new one, dude.
Yeah, but we could tell how the way you tell when I'm going to clear
a voice and it means it's something about it.
It's not good.
You probably bought the $39 model from Home Shopping Center or something.
No, this one was $161.
But you got peanut babe because I paid $19.95.
But it's great because you can keep one hand on the phone and the other hand
somewhere else.
Yeah, well, it's for you scratch your forehead.
I know.
Right.
Scratch something.
So anyway.
That was a new.
This is a new, but yeah, do from a fire you.
How are you doing, Lou?
All right, man.
I'm all about birth.
I'll be there.
Happy birthday.
I'll be looking for you.
I'll have bells on.
Exactly.
Somewhere where they can.
Okay.
See you tomorrow.
No, certainly.
Yeah, I have a question for Al.
Thank God.
Okay.
Al, you're definitely wrong.
How could you say John Holmes is good looking?
I think he is.
But I like skin.
Al is an old man with very weak eyes.
Okay.
And I like skinny guys.
I really do.
I mean, I'm a bad as bad.
I'm going to be interviewing Dom Deloise in two weeks.
And he'll, then you're going to tell me he's handsome.
No, I like his funny.
He's great.
I'm funny.
Did you put him in a glad bag and lock him up?
Well, we're going to talk about diets because he's very, he's really self-destructive
with his food as I am.
He's a man of hip, normal surgery.
A brilliant guy.
I think he's so funny.
Al, whatever happened to Tony the hook, Chris, still around?
No, no, no.
Years ago, years ago, you're talking about me.
And the stals are films, then.
Right.
Okay, Lou.
Thanks, Lou.
Have a great time.
Well, Lou is just an a coma.
We have an open line today at 751.
Oh, he's okay.
He's just a speechless.
That one hand is too busy.
I think we just came to a conclusion.
751, WIOD with Al Goldstein, Sheriff Al.
For your holidays, here's a great place.
Here's another restaurant you should try.
You ever try to find do or you'd realize.
O.D. with Sheriff Al.
We have an open line today at 751.
Here's a mobile and port Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I just went to the tunnel.
I was breaking up.
It's a real pleasure to hear you and speak to you, Al Goldstein.
I think you're doing fantastic things for people.
Thank you very much.
You really want to be a Kenny Tunnel?
Yeah.
Who is Kenny?
Are you going to change the name to a Kenzie Tunnel?
But who is this guy Kenny?
He must have been some county person.
Who knows?
Henry Kenny.
I have no idea.
Probably a friend of Sheriff Nick.
Well, he did poinfoam.
It's something about Sheriff Nick.
But watch after the holidays and after the inauguration.
I think you're going to see some involve Sheriff Nick.
Good.
I really do think his day is a numbed.
I think the old ad is enough rope and no hang themself.
It's culminating into so much stuff.
It's perfectly true with him.
Could you tell me I said you covered the murder trial of John Holmes.
Yes.
Could you refresh my memory?
It was the Laurel Canyon murders.
In LA there's a guy Eddie Nash who was a drug dealer.
He's still in prison.
And John Holmes was a cocaine user, heroin user, really heavy drugs.
And there were four people murdered in Laurel Canyon.
Holmes was there.
Holmes went on trial.
And any other jurisdiction but LA he would have been convicted.
But the jury and I was there covering the trial for playboy.
That's very funny.
So what happened was according to the defense John was forced to be there.
Eddie Nash had been ripped off in some drug purchase and wanted revenge.
And so Holmes and I were the saviour and led everybody to this other group of people
and all four were massacred.
And Holmes was acquitted.
But I spent time with him.
I interviewed him.
And I mean he was a psychopath but he was a very interesting one.
And he stopped talking to me because I found that the real story by this life.
He's born in Pennsylvania.
His father was a real road man.
He had made it a story that his mother was very wealthy.
He grew up in upstate New York.
And he was angry that I ran the real story.
And he ever tracked playboy.
It was probably one of the best articles I've ever written.
Last month's playboy had an article about me about fishing in Bangkok.
And Neil and I were talking about the truth.
Bangkok is the place to go before you die.
That's what I understand.
Bangkok you will love.
We are more friends who love it.
I'm serious about Bangkok is where you must go.
But I'm also told there's a place called something like Boyz Town where we can find lots of young men.
We're in Bangkok.
Nearby.
Well, we've been possibly.
Anything you can buy anything in Bangkok.
The main area is Pat Pong, which is where the sex is.
But I've been patty to a show a year and a half ago and what women do with chopsticks are amazing.
It's great though.
Everything is for sale.
There is no sin.
It's not dirty.
It's just a job.
And it is essential.
Plus I love Thai food.
It's wonderful.
I think Bangkok is a great food.
I met a guy from Thailand and we spent some time together.
And afterward I said something about being well equipped.
And he said we're not Chinese.
Which I thought was rather cute.
Well, Patty will tell you a story.
We were with a friend of ours from LA who's gay.
And so he took me to a gay club he'd been to.
And Patty was with me and 50 guys were on stage doing it.
And I remember telling Patty, look at all these guys looking at me.
They want to look at me.
They were looking at Patty because they're mostly bisexual.
But anything goes there.
And I think it's great.
I think Bangkok is the place.
If I went on married, it's where I'd want to retire too.
The hell would Switzerland.
Who would love to?
We're talking about Switzerland.
I just thought that's for everything.
Okay.
Okay, have a good one.
Thanks a lot.
118 in WIO.
Do we have an open line on the star?
Where did Switzerland come from all of a sudden?
Are you talking about Angela?
People always say retire in Switzerland.
For what?
It's so beautiful and you see the mountains.
You want to see mountains.
You don't have to go to Switzerland.
The Amsterdam is great.
No, but it's too cold.
Bangkok's always warm.
It's 80 and 90 degrees.
Listen, I don't want to sound like a world traveler because I've been to Europe two years
in a row, which hardly qualifies me.
I mean, been to Hawaii six times.
But as far as out of this country, I've been to Europe twice.
And I was in Rome.
I was in Amsterdam.
I was in Copenhagen, which I thought was very boring.
By the way, they totally sanitize Copenhagen.
It's like a pepper pine.
It's boring.
Tivoli gardens went to?
Boring.
It's like the size of this room, Tivoli gardens.
But Rome was outstanding.
Exciting.
I think that all of Europe, I mean, you know, and years go on.
Hopefully if I'm still around, I'm going to check it all out.
But I think Europe is fascinating.
The dollar is weak.
Did you find that?
I felt porn Europe.
I'm going to be going in June on a cruise with Patti, which I've never done cruise before.
But I'm told it's 13 days of eating.
And that's really exciting.
I'm cruising.
Oh, it's incredible.
Amazing.
Wait, wait, wait.
By the way, you know, maybe we can have the sheriff in the box.
Okay, because that's what that thing's going to happen by 90.
You got to stop.
You got to stop.
I'm going to watch my food.
But we would like to have your own Max card, because you want to eat at some of the best restaurants in town.
That's all we talk about on this show is food.
And I'm telling him to stop.
But you might as well save some money.
Okay, spread it around a little bit.
If you like Chinese food, Japanese, German, Mexican, deli, whatever it is.
Max card is honored at some of the very finest restaurants all over South Florida.
In fact, in the...
Yeah, an eating cruise.
123 with Mr. Food.
Why don't you just forget about your sheriff, the guy in Channel 10 looks a little long in the two-foot.
I love Mr. Food.
You know you had problems with the station saying that I'm afraid I'm going to be on and you know I'm clean.
I didn't understand.
I'm not sure if they were growing that.
Yeah, I'm much better to talk about food.
How's Alex Bennett doing by the way?
We did the show in San Francisco.
And Alex is good ratings there.
And he's happy.
He hated Florida.
Florida hated him.
And he's happy in San Francisco.
And he's funny.
He said that he's now 29.
I should tell you.
You remember him?
You nailed it.
By the end of next year, this guy should be like a teenager.
In fact, by the end of the year, you'll fly him to Bangkok.
Okay, I'll be like a unmo, lay there.
Well, I loved it because Alex is a friend and then he got caught in this lie.
And you remember his age from his previous time.
And he's nailed.
And he didn't know what to do with it.
Because we lay up patty with lay up as he would have.
Well, first of all, the guy looks...
If I looked at him, I'd say his guy is really 50s.
Which is about what he is.
And he started out when he filled in for me.
He was 49.
According to him.
Then he'd come back here to work a full-time gig.
Now he's 44.
Well, it's just a few months.
He just dropped five years.
And you pointed at that.
I don't know how much he had to understand that.
When you're bald and aging and wrinkly, I mean, he's not a hideous guy.
But he's old.
Like, we are.
He's getting up there.
Why lie about your age?
How can he be so famous?
I thought him so, Larry.
I loved it.
I...
And let's see.
I mean, I didn't dig his act.
I'm sure out there he's got the big names, Robin Williams and all those people.
And you know, they're into his thing.
I couldn't get into his thing at all.
It didn't fit this market.
The audience didn't take to him.
But the thing that bothered me about Alex, and of course,
as I look back to being...
Try to be fair.
I can understand he was very uncomfortable.
Because he came into a situation that's totally unlike what he's ever been in before.
I mean, this is not LA and it's not Frisco and Simon New York.
This is a tough place.
And...
But he was uptight about it.
And just like the thing about his age, if he would it...
Because his whole stick was the comedy and the stand-up comics.
If he himself would have had a better sense of humor about things,
and not been so uptight, I think he'd have had a better chance.
And I think bringing Penn down the first week was a kiss of death.
Because he always went to antagonist.
It really endeared him to me.
126 at WIOD.
Hi, Alia.
Hi, Neil.
I'm a really enjoying your show today.
Thank you.
I certainly hope that...
That Al does get elected up there in Broward County.
Thank you very much.
Just crown out of there.
He's got my ten votes.
Yeah.
I think I've moved to Broward County just to vote before.
Thank you.
Thanks, love.
If you got in, is Sheriff up there with your app...
But you have a liberal app, too, towards massage partners?
Absolutely.
Of course.
What do you mean liberal app?
Probably open a business.
Yeah.
Listen, anything involved in consensual sex, I'm in favor.
I agree with you.
You know, gay, spree.
You know, let's leave people alone.
I don't want to check your positions out.
I don't want to...
Anything goes as long as it's consensual.
I would love to see some way of taxing some of those activity
to balance some of the money back.
But definitely, I would not mind other people's morals.
The safest place to be in Broward County is at a topless club.
So I think we need more topless clubs unless they know.
I think, you know, when you come down...
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
You do say less bingo?
You're actually...
Okay, as your campaign advisor, let me see if there was a bad...
It was a slip of the tongue.
More bingo.
That was what you said.
Lots more bingo.
You got to keep combining it.
My strong term.
Can we combine it?
Can we do the My Strong and Shuffleboard?
My Strong at the topless clubs.
Excellent.
So you bring the Althacaka with you, right?
And he looks at the girls with patty speech.
Topless bingo.
Topless bingo.
How did they...
They're shifxing both.
We got topless donut shops.
What's wrong with topless bingo?
Brilliant.
I loved it.
Okay, we're set.
Thank you.
16 out of the B.
You know, Orlando, they've got Disney World.
I think we ought to have some adult programs down here to attract some of the people from...
Slash World.
There you go.
Thank you.
But if we do everything I can to get your life...
Thanks a lot.
I appreciate it.
And I love your idea about early bird voting.
And you know, the top of the...
Top of the...
Top of the...
Patting was right on the front.
That's actually a question, though.
You know, the interesting thing, though, seriously, in Fort Lauderdale.
I mean, talk about pathetic.
And again, because you got these apathetic people, nobody says too much they grumble a little.
But unless they're in business and they're all going bankrupt.
But here we had Mayor Cox, if we could say that.
And...
Oh, we don't want all of you.
We don't want spring break.
We don't want all those kids in their rowdy and they're doing this and they're drinking beer.
So we had all these repressive laws.
We started busting kids on the beach.
And then we made an overt camp and we said, we don't want you here.
Go to Daytona, go to Texas.
We don't want spring break.
So we've had two years ago was bad.
Last year an unmitigated disaster.
They tried the senior citizen break, which was a disaster,
because they were spilling prune juice all over their bags as they were crossing the street
over their colostomy bags.
And he didn't like that.
So now he's got the goal to say, oh, maybe it wasn't such a bad idea.
Let's have spring break back.
Let's invite the kids back.
What do you know?
It's like, if I come to your house and you say to me, you're a jackass.
I don't like you.
I hate you like poison.
Don't ever come back to my house again.
And then like six weeks later you say, hey, why don't you come over for a cup of coffee?
I don't think I'm coming back.
And that's what he's trying to do.
I mean, these people are nuts.
They were always saying, okay, let's throw this out.
But they never have an idea what they're going to replace it with.
We're never going to have this new world here because we already blew that 30 years ago.
We already blew that down the toilet.
We could have had it.
Orlando has got a foothold.
I mean, they're just killing us with that kind of tourism.
So the only way this town is really going to make it.
And this is after having been in Hawaii all of the weather was terrible.
And in Vegas where the places are jam-packed with tourists and spending millions of dollars.
Is this for me the real sun and fun?
Not just talk about it, but let it happen and do it.
It's so true because I was in Atlantic City a couple of weeks ago.
And it can never compete with Las Vegas.
This is the weather.
What a smutty place.
And it's doing things half-ass.
They closed for a clock.
You could go with it or better out.
But in spite of that, they're still packing.
And they're still making money.
Because they're offering people something they want.
You've got the weather here.
This can be such an economic bonanza to everybody.
And I mean, it's amazing to me that the political morons who we vote in.
And that's why I think your cynicism is justified because the political system always,
always spews forth the worst candidates.
Always.
I mean, it's terrible.
Did you vote to caucus against Bush?
I couldn't.
I hated both of them.
Do caucus denying his membership at the American Civilist?
Yeah, but his wife is a lot better at the party than Martha Washington.
That is the first president we ever had.
His grandmother was in the White House with him.
It's sad, isn't it?
Yeah.
She's like a sweet lady, but she looks so old.
I hope he has a young mistress.
It's a one.
Maybe with a one president's got a small waves, though.
He says slowly.
He has a small brain to go with it.
131 at W.Y.O.
Do we have an open line?
And before we go on, they more calls.
You know, the interesting thing.
I'm sure I said this when you were here last time, but now it's flowered more so.
Reagan, who was just a mindless puppet.
You know, firstly, it was a mindless puppet, a GE.
And now he's a mindless puppet for the right-wing extremist.
During his years, we all feared the worst.
What will happen, though, is he planted all the seeds.
And now, Mr. Kinder, Jettler, fascism has come along.
Under the guise of wanting less government and less repression of being kind and decent everybody.
And now, the seeds have all germinated.
Man, we've got like a fascist state that we're living in.
It's getting worse every day.
And the fruits of, you know, the use of a pen of Ronald Reagan.
What's come to fruit from now on, from the time of our Ron Jr. now?
No, it's the lack of regulation.
He said less government, so we had more corruption than the savings and loan association.
I mean, this is a country that's run amok.
In Reagan's new book, which I looked at parts of it,
the book is almost as blank pages.
Like he is a blank mind.
And sadly, the American public would probably vote for him again as president.
And, you know, the first one that we had, at least in my lifetime,
I remember this whole anti-point thing, was Nixon.
Nixon went.
And Nixon appointed a one commission.
They did a long exhaustive study.
They came up with a conclusion he didn't like.
So then he pointed another group start all over again.
And here's a man, talk about morality.
And I want to recommend again, if you weren't listening earlier,
the book, High Treason, which is the new book about the Kennedy Assessing Agent.
And even if you've read every book that's out, if you read this one,
and I'm almost finished with it, it's incredible.
It's in paperback, you should get it.
And you cannot come away reading this book without being convinced that Richard Nixon
and Richard Helms, who was his director of the CIA and Howard Hunt
and some of his other water-grade cronies, were also involved in the planning
and carrying out of the assassination of John Kennedy.
So here's a man who's appointing all these commissions to study pornography
and immorality, who turns out one of the most immoral politicians in the history of the country.
Happens all the time.
And on that first, on Nixon's list of appointed people to the president's commission
on obscenity was the name Charles Keening.
He was on the committee.
It's a fright Mr. Morality, who's since we're paying for through the nose.
We've got to pay for four years to come.
133 without Goldstein, we have an open line at day 7519463
and we want to tell you again about our big giveaway,
you're a chance away with words.
He said, the Hawaiian traffic guy is bringing in a bunch of stuff to give away
at the remote tomorrow.
He said, you want me to bring him in or just take his crap and, you know,
just take his crap and get him out of here and tell him,
thank you very much and we appreciate it.
No, I was in Hawaii.
You know, this last vacation of mine, I went to Vegas for what was going to be a day and a half
and then I was going to spend a week basking on the beaches of Hawaii.
Checking out all of it.
This is my sixth time there.
Love it.
Which island is good.
Always like a key.
I always go to Hawaii.
I know this great scenery.
I don't want to see scenery, okay.
I go away.
I want to have a great time.
I get to Hawaii and it is pouring down rain, okay.
I left Vegas at 2 o'clock on a Saturday afternoon or 9 o'clock at the morning,
I guess, in Vegas.
I get into Hawaii.
It's like 5, 20 in the afternoon.
Pouring down rain.
I get in my red car.
I go to the hotel, a high at Regency Red on the Waikiki Beach.
It takes me two hours to go out as a 20-minute drive because I've been there a million times.
The traffic is unbearable.
I get up the next morning.
The wind is blowing.
It's freezing.
It's nasty.
Of course, I've never been lucky.
All my other times have been there.
It's always been paradise.
Perfect.
Blue sky.
Never rains.
I got on a plane at 120 that afternoon and back to Vegas.
Hawaii is just packed.
Jam packed.
Every hotel is packed.
Every kind of, you talk about beautiful people.
The greatest looking people in the world are in Hawaii.
It's Japanese.
It's the Japanese.
It's 80% Japanese.
The Japanese have taken it over.
It's on the white.
Short squads.
No, they're not.
How can you say that?
They are a little bold-headed women.
If you know this woman, I'm telling you.
I said, if I'm bold-
Jesus!
Pat the most panasonic sin.
You're all of your bruh.
All Japanese are ugly.
I've seen some incredible looking Japanese.
The woman I was turning on, lying in the Japanese.
You're as crazy.
But they're all skinnyed out.
No Japanese guys have over 32-inch weight.
Yeah, but that's just a hip people.
They're not real people.
Oh.
Are you still fighting the warning?
No, it's actually.
You'd better get with it if you're going to be sure if they've taken over.
They're buying up the whole conceptually there.
But either they're not registered voters.
I can still talk to the truth.
They'll lose us.
Let me tell you what.
When I was in Japan, when I would go to a boarddello, they would charge Americans more because
we inserted more wear and tear into sexual parts.
They're that small.
They're known for being meniscule.
It's no accident.
They created small, trained as deradiers.
They think small is best.
And how about Chinese?
It's not their miniature too.
Minotitude.
Minotitude.
But show me a manly Jewish life.
Let me just say this to you.
In spite of all of those physical problems, handicapped, they still made a billion Chinese.
So it goes to show you that it's the motion.
That's right.
Like Howard would say.
I wouldn't say what Howard would say.
I would, but I can't.
140.
Let's take a call from Boka.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I ask you all a question.
Sure.
I'll go ahead.
Since Mr. G is an expert on state.
OK.
Chronic sick.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yeah.
Hi Neil.
Hi Mr. Goldstein.
How you doing?
Hi.
I was at your remote meal in Spex on Biscayne in North Miami Beach about a month ago.
Yes sir.
And I bought one of the tapes and you signed your picture for me.
And I told you I was going to dub you a copy of a Jewish comedian.
You passed away over like 25 years ago.
And I was wondering if I could just play a cut from that real quick.
I think you missed the goal.
But it won't do any good on the phone.
We'll never be able to hear it on the phone.
Believe me.
It won't go over.
Really?
It's a, it's Al Sherman.
Like Bob Lee did the album.
A lot of the 40 pounds away.
He's the hampoint right?
Hello, mother.
Yeah.
Hello, honey.
I got all that stuff.
I was going to play sticks and stunts.
I got it.
Got it already?
Yeah.
So I shouldn't dub you a copy.
No, I don't.
Dub me anyway.
Whatever.
You've got.
I don't have all of them.
But I do have an album with some of this stuff.
I have my son, the folks, singer and my son, the nut.
You have those two?
No.
Okay.
I'll dub them for you.
You don't want to hear it?
No.
Dub them for me.
I'll play him off the tape.
It's over the phone.
It's like a total waste.
Yeah.
Sounds Aussie.
Yeah.
I'd like to congratulate you on the Camilla House reaching 80,000.
I think that's great.
Thank you.
No, we got a ton of mail here in Alice coming through with another 500 for us.
So, um, we're way over 80.
I'm probably over 82,000 as we speak right now.
We're doing great.
Excellent.
I think you'll reach your 100,000 mark.
No problem.
Real soon.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks, Neil.
142 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward, 5241 in Palm Beach, 655.
Now, if you don't succeed in Broward, you could always move to Palm Beach because that's
real desperate.
Talk about Geriadria.
Talk about Deadlin.
But that's the wealthy place.
Right?
What are you talking about, wealthy?
Palm Beach.
Palm Beach is a size of this room.
Palm Beach is just a handful of wealthy, but a Kennedy compound.
An SD louder and a few of those people.
West Palm Beach, forget it.
They're all slippers in West Palm Beach.
And Bokal and Tana, Bointin Beach would be...
But Palm Beach is a...
Virgin territory.
Palm Pino is a sort of the poor place, right?
And the median age...
And I'll say, if you don't make it in Palm Beach, then you'll move south.
You go to Halendale.
Now, you would be big.
If only sunny Rosenberg were still there, I would draft you to run for mayor of Halendale
because the median age in Halendale is Methusel.
I mean, 800 years past death.
It's incredible.
In fact, Halendale is where...
We have the one guy here who wants MTV on a cable.
Oh, I saw that.
And he raised a big stimulus because...
In fact, he works on the coast of here.
He works on our sister station on the weekend.
He started to big to do because he lives in Halendale.
And he's still alive.
He's in his 20s or whatever.
He wants MTV.
They don't want him to have it because they don't want it.
That's how three people do it.
I think they got the Mazurong channel in Hollywood in Halendale.
Plantation.
Good afternoon, gentlemen.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
I have a couple of questions to share if I'll...
Thank you.
Yes.
Have you ever gone past the swap shop on the center of Boulevard?
Yes.
Those ESOs out there, who's paying them?
And why are they there?
Well, it's got a quizzical look.
What's wrong with the sunset?
The sunset.
The sunset, the sunset, the place is mod.
They have...
The flea market, Thunderbird Driving.
And they have BSO pigs who stand out there
and help traffic cross because it's always...
Traffic backs up and pedestrians are crossing.
It's a mob scene, especially on Sunday.
I think on weekends is when I do it.
And I think what he's asking is, are they on duty or off duty?
Or what is the deal?
Well, we'll find out.
I guarantee you when I take over,
we're going to look into this.
Yeah, I mean...
You rest assured that this will not be nepotism.
And we're going to run it like we run a business.
I mean, anybody can stand out there and point the finger in front of...
I'll bet that somebody's being paid high hourly wages based on the way Nick operates.
There's probably Nick's family on the dough.
You said I didn't hear the whole broadcast,
but anything you said is...
It's been a while.
I did not run again.
You would not run?
It would depend on who would replace him.
The real issue for me is that Nick is so stupid and so pro-censorship.
And so anti-pleasure and is such a busy body about other people's mobility.
That it's really an easily-drowing confrontation of me representing individuality.
Individuality of freedom and him representing the old values of repression.
So if he's gone, it's not going to be as clearly drawn
unless the other candidates are clones of him.
And again, my main campaign will be let's fight crime in the Sheriff's Office.
Because that's where all the crime seems to be.
He's monopolizing crime.
Everyone's undertaken.
Not everyone.
It seems to be many people are undertaken as an office.
And he has reversals of things he's done.
He's totally inept.
And he's cheating the taxpayer.
So, but for me, I do pray he stays in the race so we can have...
And this is going to be a media celebrity.
Which you already attained that.
So you don't have to spend any of your time working.
Exactly.
And again, he may be trying to earn money.
I enter the campaign as a millionaire.
So I don't have to be in for sale.
Because I have my money.
I will run a clean legitimate Sheriff's Office.
Something which hasn't been done for years.
Well, you have my vote.
Thanks very much.
Thanks.
One last question.
As far as your...
The beat is concerned with the spring break and all that.
How would you approach that?
Well, I don't know what the Sheriff can do except to me.
I would try to have a conducive atmosphere for people who want to have a good time.
And if somebody does damage to other people's property, there are laws on the books.
I mean, it's just respecting other people's property.
People having a good time with...
Someone with some pretty women running around and string bikinis or guys dressed sexually.
What's wrong with that?
Let's have good times.
There's nothing wrong with it.
There's nothing sinful and pleasure.
I agree.
I agree completely.
You are...
I'm not sure if this is...
This means true.
Are the beats as close as that night?
I'm not sure about that.
Would you open up the beat to that night so anybody can walk down the beat?
I would look at the pros and cons.
I don't see any reason to close.
I know the parking meters are like after what is 7 o'clock at night or something.
It's like you get your car towed away if you're parked on the beat.
Well, keep in mind, I'm going to have a lot more law enforcement manpower
because I'm going to be taking my debt...
I'm going to be taking the deputies and the cops or the beat of checking populous clubs and listening to rock lyrics.
We're going to triple manpower because I'm going to have people enforcing laws that make sense,
which has nothing to do with public nudities.
You'll have to do if you put a gun in my face, you're going to be busted.
If you punch someone in the face, you're going to be busted.
There are laws in the books for that.
What about speeding?
I'm against speeding.
I'm also against alcoholic drivers.
I think if you get busted for driving while in toxin, the case that you should lose your driver's license, you do damage.
I mean, I've got to tell you, I'm not going to pussy foot around a lot of issues.
I want to say what I believe in.
And the issue is drunk drivers are irresponsible.
They kill people.
And if you drive while drunk, you don't drive anymore.
That's where law makes sense.
But worried about somebody and the topless club showing pubic hairs.
That's nonsense.
Everyone in that club is an adult.
They chose and they go in there.
I don't want to have my company.
I'm not in favor of nihilism.
I'm not in favor of anarchy.
But let's not waste our time worried about string bikinis.
Yeah, very good.
Thank you very much.
Okay, have a good one.
148 in WI.
They will come back with El Goldstein right now.
Great.
We love sound advice.
One of our sponsors.
Anyway, it's 150 dollars.
It's been $4,000.
The salesman was $4,000.
I was Mike and my installation is Saturday.
A 35 inch mix of bishie.
Directing.
I have rear projection, extra speakers.
It's going to sound great.
Saturday is the installation.
They were very good.
Now you're going to be watching a Bambi Woods on it.
What's Peter North?
Yeah, I want to hear a row.
Now that should be the new surround sound.
Surround sound.
Yeah, it could be.
And if we elect the album, they did.
Exactly.
Okay.
Now you're talking.
We just got another 10,000 votes.
North Miami Beach.
You've done a few interviews and you were half of a pretty friendly.
It's true.
Half once owned a hotel down here called the Playboy Plaza.
How would you feel about getting involved with kind of an adult club,
mid-night blues, screw magazine type of a resort environment?
I'm a beach in Miami Beach where everything goes.
No, no, I'm in favor of it.
I think it makes a lot of sense.
How can we win you?
How can we win you?
I'm going to give you the New York address.
If this point, I don't want to give my home address because I'll get in and dated.
But if you wrote to me, I'll go to the scene at 116 West 14th Street.
It's still up 14th Street.
116 West 14th Street, New York City 10011.
New York City 10011.
It would reach me.
It's very faxically.
Okay.
Again, because I don't have political headquarters and I'd like to have my home address at this point,
a little private.
Do you have a reach number or reach address or even a post office?
Or you call my office and get the fax number 212-989-8001.
That's the fax number?
No, that's the office number.
229-898001.
It's for you that Judith's a rob in my secretaries and they'll give you the fax number.
Could I leave a number for you to leave?
Yes, sure.
You'll be a engineer.
Perhaps give me a call after the show.
Thank you very much.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
You're worth.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
That's on three, George.
You want to take that to Farrell Online 3?
You got a number.
Mobile.
Hello.
How you doing?
I'm doing great.
It's a pleasure to talk to both of you.
I just wanted to ask now, I read the books by Gay Khalise, by neighbor.
Right.
Yes, I mean.
And yeah, you are at it and it was very interesting reading about you.
He mentions that you have a certain fill with your tongue.
Yes, I do.
I was wondering how you became so adaptable.
He is a practice.
I had the calling and I worked at it and one has to make a commitment.
And I did the Jane Fondle work at all the time.
Thank you.
Okay.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Is that the clicking line?
Okay.
Carl Springs.
Yeah.
Al?
Yeah, hi.
Do you have a yourself of a large question of one of the patients?
Not really.
You know, when it becomes a business, when you do it professionally, it doesn't have
the excitement because now it represents work for me.
I have a monthly column in Penn House.
I have a monthly column in Porm also.
But if you do it for a living, I just think for me it's more of a job.
Correct.
It's harder to get the, my dog fell down.
It's harder to get the fantasy going.
When I was 32 and started screw, I was much more a point of file.
I was a point of file.
I really loved it.
And now I'm like really just an old Jew who wants to have lean pastrami.
Okay.
Well, I have to give you a said, you ever seen?
I think I met movie at art.
Well, if you ever seen or heard of a movie that was so weird or bizarre that you couldn't believe
yourself, I'm coming really bizarre.
Well, yeah.
We had a woman named Honey Suckled Divine who could shoot Jurgenslotion 20 to 30 feet across
a room.
She could put candles out and hit you in the eye and she would use her vagina.
And that was really weird.
And then she would vacuum using a photo shame or other time.
Anyway, the next show.
Great show.
Thank you, wow.
Thank you.
Sheriff Allen who tomorrow will be with us.
We'll make an appearance.
We'll be eating like a hazard.
At 5426 North University, drive the brand new charcoal.
Just out the commercial Boulevard on the east side of the university.
We'll be there doing our whole show tomorrow from 10 to 2.
Come on out.
We're going to have some great giveaways on our drawings.
And we'll have those new algal stint for sure of t-shirts.
We'll be raising money for communal sauce with our other t-shirts and tapes and all that stuff.
Stephanie Brownfield got the two o'clock news.
Rick and Spod are going to be along with the old idiot on the corner and a bunch of real wild amazing stuff this afternoon.
Hurricane Hotline, the latest on audio to Sam Jankovitz and what's going to happen to you.
We're sure it will be a big topic conversation tonight.
Joseph Gackie at 605 and the one they only Mr. Fun himself, Hank Goldberg, eight o'clock tonight.
Don't forget to see them all at Charcoal's 5426 North University Drive and Lauder Hill.
