become proficient with the other white submit believable. That's all I can say boy did I screw up
Did I screw up but it's time to make a man
Go to that ridiculous little shoebox theater and see a great magnificent movie and I come in here
I don't even heard half of the dialogue because the sound is so bad in there
Haven't seen half of the movie because I'm watching it from like over on the wall in the third row
Last night. Oh, cats enough last night. I go to a real movie theater AMC movie theaters by the way outstanding in Davy on
Pine Island at State Road 84
Have to take a helicopter to get there depending on where you're coming from but really outstanding first. I saw good fellows
On a scale of 10 I give it a nine
Very good. Ag. Did you see it? You like it? Very good
The only thing that I well are I mean you can hit pick with any movie
I thought it was excellent the acting was terrific the only thing I'm curious about is how did this guy who played the lead the guy who's in the
Witness protection program. How is it that between the age of 13 when he was this real cute kid with the with the smooth cheeks and
21 all of a sudden he had zits like James Woods on a bad day
He must have either been eaten a lot of chocolate or too much feeling the change one of the other okay
But sir that was a little I just didn't seem that that was credible
But I mean that's not thinking the acting was great to Nero
Of course, it's always was great and
in a true story
The only other negative in the movie is the fact that he had a very annoying voice and he did the narrative on a whole thing
Because it was his personal story and he's still alive unlike most of the other people in the movie you've got it and deserved it
But it was very very good if you're now in the middle there was on the line maybe 20 people in that theater for that movie
And this elderly couple after the first 20 minutes they got up and they walked out and evidently they've never heard the effort before they couldn't handle
Language and they got up and they ran out shrieking and carrying on
et cetera
But I thought it was a terrific and the people have called in said however
Anybody who tries to compare
Good fellows to any of the three Godfathers is whistle and Dixie
It's a whole different world. Okay. I mean the time the subject matter is very similar
But that's where the similarity ends
And if I want to apologize to everybody is if they could give it am everybody who had a they do with Godfather 3
Except of course Sophia. I mean she's still a pig people were laughing last night
There were people who knew me and and the theater was in a big theater and at AMC
Thank goodness for the surround sound the big screen. It was great and a couple of the people sitting right behind me
There was a couple who knew who I was they talked with me before the thing went and when she came on with the schnauz and the lips
They were hysterical they were like Connie in the first movie hysterical
I'm sure there are people out there saying cheese. He's gonna do another for right now
Look we could talk about it Steve bigger than an acorn today
But let's face it nobody cares about it and secondly we are eyesight ain't that good
And I am just so amazed at what a difference you know
I was saying to George before the show today if I was just some slumper on the street and
Didn't have a radio show to talk with the pubic about these things and I'd gone to see the movie the first time in a little theater and
Missed half of the dialogue I wouldn't even understand it. I would have missed like a third of what the movie was about
Last night I was just overwhelmed with how different it was when you see it on a real screen
So those of you who go to see godfather 3 please
Please try to go see it in a theater bigger than your bathroom. Okay. I mean it really helps
It's just one of those films that have been for all of its splendor and the scenery and the dialogue which again
Is a little hard to pick up just like godfather one because they're all talking like this like
They're talking like Marv Albert on a bad day like somebody ripped their vocal cords out and
I realized that I had missed part of the story and some of the people have called in thank goodness on
Wednesday and
Straighten me out so to speak thank goodness for them because I had missed the thing about the Pope obviously the new Pope
The one that got
Drank the tea he was their buddy. He was gonna clean things up
Gonna straighten everything out get rid of all this trash all these people are ripping off the Vatican back and
etc. And that's why he didn't live very long
They're one of the great lines in this movie well are several great ones
But the greatest lie to me in the movie is Michael is sitting up
With Connie outside with a godmother. I mean she is brutal. She's great
He's sitting out there and he says you know, I tried to go legitimate
I kept trying to deal with the higher ups and he said a higher up. I went the more crooked it got
And to me that just that was the epitome of this whole thing just what it's all about
And I still am amazed that that we must have really made a lot of progress because I remember when godfather one came out
The Catholic Church and at that time Joe Dodge, Yola was hosting the today show on it
Which is embarrassing with his bald head and his illiterate mouth
But the Joe Garry's Yola was on their course being Italian from St. Louis and was just
Carrying on about the with the Italian defamation league and they had all these priests on there carrying on if this was a
Blast for me. It was an infom there now all of a sudden
I guess because so much of the truth is out and there's so much
History in this movie. I don't hear anybody saying anything
I
Guess most of the arts bishops really better keep their mouth shut. They made me connected to all of it. You know what I'm saying?
But it is a must. I mean it is 20 green lights. I'm gonna revise my ratings
Okay, I was rethinking this yet is it mine count but I'm just my opinion every like assholes everybody's got one okay
Godfather one of ten Godfather two of ten and this one a 9.9. Okay, and that's only because of her nose
And as far as George Hamilton the four seat too many reviews ahead of time sprozer for everybody too many
Too much crappy for it George Hamilton the fourth. I can't stand him
He didn't do anything wrong in a movie was fine
He was his role didn't do all that much he had like maybe ten lines in a home movie Loki
He was fine for what he did
She even with the big schnauz she didn't detract it all affected Edel like a little a comedy to it
The only one I still say Eli Wallach that's where that tenth of a point goes for his horrendous
Grote test performance Eli have another canola. That's all I can say. Okay. It's 10 13 to W. I. O.D.
We'll be right back
Okay problems with this home and Coco Plum
Those are all kinds of money and maintenance fees kick his ass out that's what we say kick his ass out for the holidays and do the neighborhood a
Favorite by the way speaking the neighborhood thanks to the wonderful folks at Coral Gebel's branch post a orifice
Look at this they all donated I guess for Christmas gifts they give them these ten dollar food certificates from pubics from publics
And they all donated them to a Camelos house
We got a whole bunch like the counted like about 45 of them which is a $450 worth of food
From public so thank you profusely to our friends at Coral Gebel's branch post orifice
Next Friday we are a where-go we're gonna do our show from Calder from the rooftop from the Garden of Ruth Garden on a fourth floor in a clubhouse
So you're gonna have to spring for four bucks to get in the clubhouse to come up in the CS be part of the show
But we're gonna be drawing for all kinds of good stuff
Low jack system and discovery crews for two a prodigy computer startup kit passes for two to the router open
We can for two at far old blank home or in resort in the keys all kinds of goodies a lunches and admissions and box seats from Calder and a whole bunch of other stuff
Next Friday 10 to 2 up on the roof garden a bet you'll lester will be there, huh and Phil Saltsman and a partridge and a pear tree
Miami
Hello
Okay, I like it, but it's like in another room okay like in another house
Seasoned living room with his little a phone and the guy's doing stick-loss in the house next door excellent job
We can't hear you okay reminds me that first theater. I saw the movie in Melbourne
Melbourne
Good morning Neil you're in Melbourne. Yeah, believe it or not Florida, Australia
Brevard County wow
Outstanding and it is wild
Yeah, you could say that but you've never visited apparently yes, I have I've been in Palm Bay
Oh my god, I've smell the aroma of that horrendous river up there and it is beautiful when the shellfish are ripe hmm
The reason I'm calling you this morning. No, as I have a proposition for you
It's probably not as good as the one from that jockey at pomp and a podcast we put a most is good
I have a ticket to this Sunday's cold game that I can't use yeah, and I wondered if you might be interested in a trade-out
If you could sell this and get a donation for the Camila South
If I could be the benefactor of one of your wonderful tapes
How are you gonna get the ticket?
Either I could express it to you or
Express it to the box office there. I don't know whether logistics
Now we had a time problem on this
The problem with the
Because there's not gonna be anybody here tomorrow to take it and the game is on Sunday afternoon
But I'm afraid we'll have to pass but I appreciate it
Yeah, I wish that we you couldn't done it a couple of days sooner. I'd have been ecstatic
I had no idea because my understanding last minute last minute deal
So you really did like the gun thought of three? I thought it was not and listen anybody out there who saw it as some of the
Collars we've had earlier this week ripping it you people are morons. Okay. I realized movies are very subjective
But anybody who wants to knock this movies an idiot. I mean, it is just
breathtaking in a scene in the opera
That is just builds and builds it's so fabulous
Coming from a shump girl on the street. I wouldn't know like you, but I'll take your words. No, I'm telling you I'm hardly in huh
The movies that I've seen in my life have people would know close on but I'm telling you this this was outstanding
Neil it was a pleasure. Have a great way to live too. Okay
21 after a 10 at W.I.D. We have an open-minded Broward 5249463524
W.I.O.D. Miami
Yeah, you don't know okay?
I heard you are the other day saying about Godfather and Network probably being your two favorite movies
Yeah, and I finally see you're probably much an expert on a couple movies. I had a couple of thought you
One of them was at the Nero movie when you spoke of the Nero the other day. You didn't mention this one
What do you think about the deer hunter?
Didn't see it ever saw it. I think that was one of the best ones. I'm not expressed. Oh very good
Excellent. Yeah, I think those were all again the book was better than the movie
Certainly was and I agree with you on Godfather and I thought twice already the third one and each time you see it
It gets better. Oh, yeah, I'm gonna go see it again
I would I would let I left there last night
I was in heaven because I thought thank you. You know first I thought maybe I'm silly
I'm watching again two days later
But when you see it in a shoebox, you know, and you can't hear the sound and you don't know what the hell is going on
It's just you don't know what you haven't even seen the movie really
You get a chance like you were telling people to pick up network you get a chance
Tested deer hunter. I think you'll find us maybe one of the best movies ever made. Okay, I have a go on you two
1022 or movie intensive this week
But let's face it the holiday season. That's all they're talking about is the holiday movies right and Johnny Depp
You're a wonderful guy, but I'm not gonna go see when I'd silly a Freddy Krueger movie
I'm sorry. They keep showing the previews for that before all these movies. I'm seeing it is just I know
Somebody of policy. Oh, it was great good. Have a wonderful life. I'm glad you enjoyed it
I want to see Johnny Depp without all the makeup on okay, and without too much clothes
I just of course it does make you kind of wonder about Johnny, you know
Be careful what you're doing with those scissors
Anyway, we want to invite you to check out you expect me to believe that that war is on the line
This is the real war
It grows all over I can't listen you go to wrong you call the Pope you come to Miami you call the king of Miami. How you doing?
This war yeah, pal
Hello, Neil. Yeah, are you there, bad? I'm here, Ward. Oh, I hit down. How's Joey doing? I'd love me for it great
I saw him last night. No, you didn't yeah, the hell I didn't I thought he slept with the fishes
Ah, he's a good shape now
He's a good shape doing what yeah a little bit of bad luck doing what's he doing?
It's show he's always back good yeah, so what how many satellite dishes do we need to pick up your new show?
First of all to pick up my new show on CNBC what you got to do is you got to move my hand
I'll stay about
You mean on a cable?
I've seen it I got a satellite
People who live in that area get the show when you're in the one area only if it's raining in Kenmore. Yeah, where the hell is that
So 60 people there you know about it. Yeah, but I have a satellite. I have a satellite
I have a satellite this word
So I've seen the show
All right
Now aren't I being a nice guy this year? No, I'm the one that's being a nice guy because I haven't said anything about the show
So how did you how did you do something nice about the show? It's on the air, which is more than a lot of people can say
Right hey listen stay in there punching right what the hell so how did the thing go last night? Oh terrible
Carried what does that mean? Well, they broadcast it. They cut it off the air. We're broadcasting. Huh?
Who broadcasted that little station they got up here
They broadcasted oh yeah, no
broadcasted oh yes and then get this now
It's a it's a talk on censorship right they cut the show off the air in the middle of the show because it was too rough
You're pulling my thing aren't you?
Thank God you couldn't find it are you serious all steam was there we couldn't find it either
Sure if Al was there they had to cut him off they cut the
Somebody built off the air half the way through the water. What did that what is your buddy steam have to say about that
But I've been with but he had nothing to do with cutting it off. I wish some other guy cut it off some conservative
Who says you can't do these type of things but then again of course the conservative cut it off
It's only be done with somebody a conservative
God almighty a butcher rush limbal must have invaded the studios
Too bad rush what down here. He would have filled the room by himself. Yeah exactly put him in Debbie Ellison the same studio man
About 10,000 pounds of lard is what you'd have now you behaving yourself
I'm doing great everything is wonderful raising a lot of money for the homeless and we're having a good time
We're plunging our brains out at the track. We got a little bit of an audience out there. What the hell you got the best audience out there
But the point is you know when you talk about doing things for the homeless you are one guy
Who talks about it goes out does something you're unlike so many of these
Hollywood stars who claim they're gonna do something and then charge an arm and a lake to do it
Well, you know what kills me is these these different fundraising things where they go out and they sing and
That we are the world and we are this way that and they raise you know a few million dollars and with a cost the overhead
They wind up raising almost nothing and if each one of them would put in a million bucks
Which they can afford like pocket chains to the rest of us we'd have something
For example, Elizabeth Taylor was doing this fundraiser for eight
They showed up to do a commercial out of the freebie commercial that she agreed to do
She was an hour and a half late, which came down didn't like the camera guy can't through the whole shoot
It cost them over a hundred thousand dollars to get a no shoot from Elizabeth Taylor
And she's supposed to be heading the committee raising the dough. I mean why the hell is she charging for yeah incredible
So anyway, let's I don't want to rub this in all that we really do
But the thing last night was a disaster now not a disaster, but you know, I mean let's face it the iceberg has been hit
As a whole
Who is on the panel Goldstein and you
The rick Anderson who got teed off in the second show and walked off because someone said
Neil Rogers gives money to charity how much have you given and the guy said I support
Three thousand kids and eighty and the guy said oh, that's a lot of crap
But the Reverend Rick Anderson got up said five or six curse words to demonstrate that he is a true and love man of God
Yeah, yeah, and then split and then of course you had my pal he was there. He was good Goldstein
Yeah, as usual the only thing he can talk about is himself and food
That well food goes without saying I mean I've known out Goldstein for so many various weight losses weight gains in my life
The movie escaped from New York they got a new one coming out the man who ate New York starting out Goldstein
Yeah, just sitting in a room with food
Hey, can I can I promote on your show
Where the hell this thing is taking place tonight so we can
Why you do in another one? I'm gonna do two more of tonight with Steve
Yeah, yeah, listen, I when you got the audience that he's got. I guess we need to promote it
Well, you're laughing, but you know, it's true
That's the only that's the only station in America you have to screw a light bulb into your poop in order to pick it up
It's incredibly enough though the guy has a great deal respect for you
Why you sure would never know that on the air? I'll tell you of course it's all theater
You know
Yeah, bull crap is what we call okay, where are you gonna be more? I you really are just
Where
Musicians exchange cafe. Yeah, that's over on sunrise. What loaded in
Tonight yeah tonight. I'll be there for an eight o'clock show and
10 30 show and tomorrow
Oh tonight is it tonight?
Now are they gonna broadcast?
Yeah
You mean it was it was the owner no seriously was king Paula cut it off
No, it was not Paula cut it off who wasn't
Not Mike Roberts
That was that I thought he's out
Well apparently cut it off I because I heard him say just when I thought I was out they pulled me back in
That's what I thought he said or that was Michael crawly on maybe I'm not sure
Well good luck more and I hope you have a turnout and uh, I hope I'll look for the check in a mail for this
Thanks, Dea you deserve more than a check. I'm gonna send you some good diver candy. There you go
Thanks babe. Thanks, John
Worked down in junior. I can't believe it
I'm sure Steve gave him the bat line number to get some publicity
Hey, Steve was in anything we can do just don't talk about your eight corn anymore because people are laughing all over town
They saw the play and I remember that battle of the otto coast when you bearded for all mankind and surely said boy
No big deal air. What an exaggeration that was
Okay 1034. Let's take a mobile and avid sure on yeah
Okay, I kind of agree with you. I'd like to do down his step with what make up man. Let's close. Yeah
Well, not less close a lot less close
Wow, but I do want to defend the move. I thought it was a great move. It was your hands
Yeah, it was a great listen. I hope he makes millions. I like Johnny's a good kid
They came in at day and gave us three and a half hours and he does a good
Well did a good thing when he was on the show. He's not on there anymore with them on Fox
21 John street the good anti drug message and he's just you know from a kid
He used to sleep in a car like a bum to a kid who's now like a millionaire. We need to stay close to him
Right and also Andy Garcia. We love you Andy get that check in a mail, baby. We need to help
Well, anyway, I just want to tell you I did agree with that. Okay. Okay. Have a great new year
1034 at W I O D or
Used I can't believe that they cut that thing off the ear in a middle
On your first amendment on your powerhouse
250 watt nighttime talkstation and Fort Lauderdale. They cut it off in the middle
He would make that up. I mean, it's even that's too embarrassing even for Steve to admit to man on
Real
1035 at W I O D where we never cut it off because somebody beat you to it and we'll be right back
And 40 of W I O D two open lines and broiled five two four
W I
D
Well, we've had a lot of stuff to do here. We got the blockbuster mold and I had 730 right Penn State Florida State
Whoo
We got the Don Shuler show at 605 sports talk at 625. We got Dick and Doug at two
And what am I leaving out? Oh, yeah, the blockbuster mold to what we just had a spot on it
The tailgate party begins at five this afternoon under light pole s20 the dolphin tailgate party starts uh what
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha It's as don't forget the 610 w i au d dolphin tailgate party beginning at five pms
Sunday is the dolphin game on in the evening that we don't know about I don't think so dolphin games are 1 o'clock
Well, I got a little confused. I think uh, you've just couldn't handle the pressure
I think the block the blockbuster thing is at 5 this afternoon. The dolphin tailgate party starts at 10 in the AM
We're 11 on Sunday morning. Whatever. We got a lot of stuff going on. That's all we know
Kendall, hey Neil, yeah, you know my favorite scene wasn't that good fella's movie
Who was that little guy who was a had the big mouth Tommy?
Yeah, yeah, when he went in that bar and the guy was giving him a hard time about being a shine boy. She shine boy. Yeah
Blue away and then they all well
Oh, you mean they're gonna do any shot him in the foot? Oh
They had the big argument in the bar and oh the other one the first guy I thought you're talking about the kid the bartender
Oh, yeah, the first guy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, they didn't number on him. Yeah, no the guy came and he was still alive
No, the first guy all in the trunk. Yeah, he was still alive in a trunk boy
This guy must have really eaten his Cheerios that morning or something
Face sliced him up. They kicked him in the head. They did everything to him. They put him in the trunk for a few hours. He's still alive
Well the part where well they had to stay took there they all did their shots and the whole
Argument was over with and then all of a sudden that guy's fussed out with now go get your
Blank in shine box. Yeah, well blanking was his whole I mean that word was like his whole repertoire that was it
Yeah, I was good. Oh, it was excellent very good movie
Take out me loves to do spags. Okay. Thanks 1042 and WI would be one opening in day 751 one and Broward 524
WI and let's try dear field on the Palm Beach line. Hello. Hi Neil. How you doing?
Press on as impressed on lips
Well, you know, let's we cut the Steve came dark
Godfather talk. Oh, what do you want to talk about sir?
First of all, we're not talking about Steve
He was mentioned by a guy who put him up to calling Mortown, he Jr
Who's desperate to get a show out there tonight? Sorry. Yeah, I come back from a week
Vacation you're still talking about Steve's team like and you're telling me we're not gonna talk about him
No, you're the one that brought him up, sir. You mentioned him now twice
I'll see you pop on a table 511. Oh look who that is. Can you believe that Jack asked that mr. G
When you're moving already asshole, huh? When are you moving?
What a moron
Did you hear who that just was that you put on the air while you're busy talking to some yanta on the phone?
That was your buddy mr. Dry clean
You are I want to say this to him pubically you are the biggest jerk
I even worse than the guy with the eyes any of them and in the 15 years I've been in his market
I've encountered a lot of weird and bizarre people because they're out there
But you mr. G are the biggest piece of walking excrement that ever was put on the face of the earth
You just a jerk and if allegedly you like the show and you're a big fan and you send me all this crap in a mail
And your picture and your kid and your ugly wife and you know, what is your problem?
Why can't you just be like a human being for a while or would that be too out of character?
Right in the middle of the holidays. He still has to be a jerk
I'll tell you they're desperate on F2L if I were you what what is he live?
Yeah, he probably could hear him if he drives down a Ho Chi Minh trail a little bit there
They're desperate for people like you believe me please come next week when they start with their full-time abortion
Get in on it. I always thought his buddy was against abortion
The canole man is on the phone hey had you enjoyed those canole
They were great. Yeah, I want to tell you not to worry Steve came sleep with the losses
Can you believe they cut that show off in the middle last night on his station?
Why would they gone? I would I wonder if work was putting us on about that. I don't think you'd make that up
How how could you make up something like exactly? I mean to call you up to tell you you know
Why would you want to make that up? Yeah?
Tells you how he's cut off make
What's a punch out of there, but tonight show? Oh?
That's really well, I was obvious, but I feel so sorry cuz more lost is 80 billion dollars that he had and he's on a station
And nobody can pick up that's it. He needs help and our goldstein's a great guy
So two out of however is not so bad not a bad shot
I'm great. That's a good girl. I thought it was the real thing was very good
I still I still want to tell you that God
I don't want to go on about it because we don't want to get the Stephen mr. G upset
Brits of the feather but Godfather 3 is so much better than I thought it was when I saw the first time that I feel like I've done a grave injustice
Yeah, well I know when I will you when we were talking Wednesday and you missed the
Shot at the Bishop at the end. Yeah, yeah, yeah, well no because there were we'll see
I kept kind of backtracking trying to figure out what I had missed because I couldn't hear it
I couldn't see it so I was always like a scene behind and the stuff that went by fast forget it
Did you ever see us what save these first film the one he did about the mob guys?
Mean streets
Yeah, long time ago. All right. Well, cuz I figured if you hadn't seen it to take it up in the videos
Listen, I'm happy new year
Leave the gun you got it bring the canola. That's it. Thanks a lot you got it
That's a canola man from yesterday boy
He brought some of the most delicious George is nodding. You said you didn't take that one home?
Great he dropped the gun he brought the canola excellent George you're learning fast. He could be our next Andy Garcia
We have an open line in the eight counties 751 and one in Palm Beach 655
9463 655 W. I. Oh
Day we're gonna have Connie on the show one day soon
She's gonna be the new program director
Yeah, give me the word
I got a word for him. I think a Tommy had the word in the first movie
Several times Miami. Yeah, yeah
Biggie of canola this to canola Eli is gonna be a lady
Eli Wallach. Yep. Oh, man
I wish we had a shot at him literally we somebody would have had a shot at him before they made the movie he was
Emperous I really go to the more canola than I mean I the daughter last night
I mean you know so she's grotesque looking but they didn't bother me and even George handled and kind of like blended in
I had no problem with anything because the movie was so much better, but Eli forget it
I think he deserved what he got
So the about time somebody shut his ass off already man was he obnoxious God
Boy, but he put away a lot of people though. Do you like that scene in the beginning where the what's the guy with a kid who played the leading role?
What was his name?
Jimmy I
Mean Moses characters and whatever in the beginning and he's doing that thing
Oh, he said you're really funny and he pretended like he was getting all bad on the shape about that was the tense
That was really and everybody's getting real hushed around him and getting nervous. Right. Yeah, right
He would have been a good friend if he and Sonny Crowley on could hang around together
They would have made a good and probably blow each other's brains out the first 20 seconds
The guy who played Tommy. Yeah, well, that's a good place for
Have a great new year. You know I saw the Godfather yesterday. Oh, yeah, well, is this like an afterthought now?
No, this was in I was watching I don't know if you thought the movie
What's the name with with Edward James almost?
Oh
You almost remember I don't know you're asking deliver you're asking me to remember the name of a movie
No, I didn't see it was on that night and he was in it and he got you was in it great. He's terrific
So he was great. He's gonna get an Academy award this year. Yeah
Yeah, I'm more what happened with buttering John. You know, he got in a fight with buttering John
I have no idea who that is from from
You're good from New York
Starring oh, I don't know who that oh from the TV show. I didn't see him. Yeah, they got a big fight
Oh, I saw the clip of that. Yeah, I saw the club. Well, that's more that contrived crap
And where they get into fight with everybody still can't get a real job have a great new year
1048 at W I O D we have an open line at day 70501. We have an open line in Palm Beach 6509 463
655 W I O D. What do we have here?
What is that
tickets for for what?
What are the blockbusters? Well great is this like a donation for Camila's house. Well, thank you very very much
That's incredible. Look at these
Outstanding upper level is in the nosebleed section, but they're great tickets. No, thank you. That's great. Well
Okay, how are we gonna do this? We'll have to they'll have to come and pick them up before five
Thank you and have a great new year. Thanks. What is it?
What what is that? He just held up one
Index finger one finger no, what we'll do is we'll do like we did the other day. We'll take bids on these and what is that?
Oh, we'll take bids on these. It's a pair of tickets for nights blockbuster. Bull as you know the game is sold out Penn State Florida state the Seminals and
Knitney Lion I almost couldn't remember Penn State's nickname and of course that's easy knitney line
Get a get new uniforms Joe and get a new nickname, okay?
Penn State is the most raggedy looking college
Major college team. Aren't they they look ridiculous?
Those uniforms they look like something out of the 1930s
They look like something out of the 90s the gain 90s and they're awful Joe gets a new uniform
Anyway, I call in your bid on those and whatever we get we'll go to Camila, South she can bring your check and pick them up before
Anytime this afternoon, right?
Or not and we'll be right back talking about that
I thought we'd play the music just to annoy some people Hollywood. Yeah, hi Neil. John. Yeah, John
Yeah, I worked for local 646 with the stage in projections, you know, yes, sir and rich plazas won my theaters
I cover
Graham C outstanding great theaters no commercials by the way before the movie and
Good pre-use and a great screen and excellent sound system. I was ecstatic
Yeah, I just appreciate you mentioned
So anybody in fact I told like my mother was asking me to let her know because my aunt my mother every Sunday go to see a movie
Uh-huh, and when I told her a Tuesday that I was gonna go see it after I left her house
She said be sure let me know how you like it because we'll go see it next Sunday
So I called her this morning on the way to work. I said be sure because she's down on steering road not that far away
And I said just go up Pine Island to stay road 84 and go in and see it up there because it's a great theater
It is the shame it's out of the way like that
Well, I'll tell you one thing other than the first two or three rows, which of course nobody wants to sit that close
The place was packed. I mean every seat was taken other than the first couple of rows. Yeah
Hey everybody. It's a pretty good theater for every seat. It's a good. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean it was like a hundred times better than what I saw on
Wednesday on Tuesday, so you know it had to be a fantastic
Yeah, well, you could really you need the light and the sound to be able to hear it so it helps
Yeah, I just wanted to mention that all the members are local 646 to do space. Okay John. Okay. Thank you. Okay
I'd watch myself with those union guys. You know what I mean? You know what I mean?
Boy, I'm just and you know the message there's so many messages. I could get really modeled in which I probably shouldn't do
But you know you watch that a couple of times and of course on the heels of the holes
Sagot everything you read and this high treason that I just read by Robert Groden and
Listen, you know for us to be sitting here try to change mankind and save the world forget it
It ain't gonna happen. Okay. It's unfortunate, but that's the reality of things. Okay
People come along like Kennedy and Martin Luther King and Bobby Kennedy and
various others
Try to make changes try to buck the real establishment the people in power and they're gone
Pope John Paula first all of a sudden went to bed and good health. He didn't wake up in the morning. Okay
That's the world that you live in folks. It's a slaughterhouse. So whether you like it or not
Happy holidays from 16
Okay 1056 let's say we got well, oh no hold it hold it. Okay, it's enough one open line and date
751 and what a course in Palm Beach where they know with the land of indifference in Palm Beach 6559 463
Hi, Alia
I brought it to remodel this kitchen of Christmas holidays and he's got a
trash compactor in a perfectly good working urban range is the one thing if I house could use it
He's got a what a brother. He's got he just re-decorated his kitchen and
He took out his old trash compactor and his old upper range and in
Salvation Army doesn't want it and
Vietnam vets don't want it that white and blue doesn't want it. I was wondering if I house could use it over there
Millicone a trash compacted in an urban range and an arranged
They're in perfectly good working condition
He's on money he's on problem the trash. He's I figured maybe give you guys a call if you could use it out there
When we have the number over there, we don't have the number here
I'll give you the number a little while for Camilla Sous and when you get it off your column is a personally direct
Okay, we have to take it down there. Do they have a truck that well? They'll tell you. I'm sure they could probably pick it up
Okay, I mean if you're giving it to him for nothing what the hell?
Okay, okay, all right. Thank you. Okay
1057 look at that board now. We're down to four sticking calls at the end of the hour
I thought we were we came on this morning. I didn't even said hello yet and the board is just glistening what
50 bucks that sucks, but that's a start
We thank whoever started us off
But if you think you're gonna get a pair of tickets for the blockbuster bull which has sold out
Major attraction in our God forsaken community night for 50 bucks. You're Wistland Dixie, but you know, you know, you just might get it
Based on what I'm seeing so far here. You just might get it. So hang on we'll do it till
One we'll do the cut out like we did the other day do the cutoff at one o'clock
Because I want to give people plenty of time to come down here pick them up and to give us their fat check for Camilla's house
We have an open line a day
We have one in Palm Beach and we'll go to a mobile on the North Miami Beach thing. Yes, sir. Whatty?
Good thoughts was excellent. Yeah, I thought so I'm a tire to him, aren't you?
He's not always he call every day, but he calls on a crappy phone
We can't understand what you're saying if you are a good caller. We wouldn't mind
We listen through all the garbage and like the not-slanding lady
We love her and we're willing to put up with a lot of that crap
But you're so chronic and the boring that it's just I can't handle you
Okay, we have one in date and one on the Palm Beach line. Let's go to
Plantation
Fado wasn't exactly a beautiful guy. He's pretty ugly who?
Fado. Yeah, hey
Sonny this dress right with that ugly awesome. Yeah, so
So he is kind of big nose and
What that's not the point the point is she's supposed to be like a sex goddess
I mean he looks at her like his whole heart just crumbled in the movie
Don't you understand that that's the whole thing she's supposed to be like this hot piece. That's the idea
That's why we're not
Because she's ugly
It's in the spot all because the family's got bad eyesight right now. Thank you
No Andy. Go see yeah. Yeah, of course mother and father is
They weren't beautiful
Yeah, I got it
Yeah and twisted lips and puffed up cheeks
I thought she did a good job
You couldn't have a beauty in there, but you Francis nice talking to you
Can you believe Francis Ford Coppola calling in to show this morning? First year for more downy Francis Ford Coppola? What the hell will happen next, right?
What the hell is going on here today the lights just dim the theme came on like it the full
Like just blasting the needle is on the pin there look at that. George is trying to pull a needle off the pin
I can't believe it give it a good yank now try the needle
Okay, we got I think he's on the needle this morning
We got the Chuck Meyer with our astute 11 o'clock news. We'll be back at 11 o'clock
I can judge it to sports talk at six Don Schuylers show at 625 blockbuster bull 730 tonight that we can't even describe out of here
Up yours, okay, I was gonna say something else and I realized what it meant
It was kind of like what Tommy would say anyway. We're back for our number two
We got the blockbuster bull tonight. We got that we're doing it
We got the Dolphin Colts game on Sunday as we get ready to go into playoffs Kansas City's gonna get the clubored by the bears tomorrow
To make sure we have a home game and a playoffs everything is gonna be great
Just when I was thought I was out they pull me back in
He was great boys. He good. He just you know
I hate to say this because people are gonna get very upset because it's objective. De Niro is good
But he couldn't lick Puccino shoes
He probably wouldn't want to either did you notice by the way in that last scene?
Remember I talked about at least he didn't die with an orange peel on his mouth. There was an orange on the ground
You see that's another it's he was probably getting ready to peel that orange and
Just like Marlon Brando like father like son if he would have stuck it in his mouth
Maybe the dog would laugh a little bit before he croak homestead
Oh, hi, hi our first lady caller of the day and none too soon
To tell you I don't get sick of that music. Oh great music. I was not doing for you
I really like it. I've heard a million times
Yeah, no did you see the new one? I haven't seen the film yet
I'm gonna have to see it over now the music and the new one is great, but it's all like you know, it's
Very similar, you know what I'm saying it's all like a outshoots of the first two
I just spent a week insistly are you serious? Yeah, just been a week. I got back to 20 second in Palermo
In Corleone right on the water
Overlooking this beautiful sunset. It was Italy. You know, I don't want to claim to be a great Italy traveler because I spent a few days in Rome last summer
But it is beautiful. Yeah, we're real nice and
Across the island and all around the coast
Who does tremendous? Beautiful country. Yeah, they don't like it too well over there, but
Well, maybe they got a point
I
Wanted to tell you that that's the first canola I ever had
Really and I'm looking in South Miami down here if anybody knows where I can get a decent canola
Oh, now I wonder where those were from the guy called earlier
He brought me in a half a dozen yesterday. They were some of the most delicious canolies I've ever had
I mentioned them. I'll mention it. I'll mention it on here as soon as he calls back or somebody else calls in and tells us
They were very good. I had to see all that. I'll give you a canola. Yeah, I got your canola over here
Right. I got you take
Great. Take was real good. Now if you would have given a canola
You got in Sicily to Eli Wallack a little sooner maybe we had to put up with him in this movie
Wait till you see what he does with a canola is man. You're going nuts
Oh, I'm where I can't wait. I'm gonna try to pick up that film this weekend or try to get out and see it this weekend
You're gonna try to pick it up. Well, I mean I'm gonna try to get out to see it
You're gonna go steal it somewhere. Boy, she learns some good tricks in Sicily. I'll take it at
That's why everybody carries around is a violin case is you know, they're really full of CDs and yeah, right
Reels real the real what did you see over there? What did you see in Sicily?
Well, when so mostly just sightseeing went across the island over to a little town called Tar Mena
Which is up on the top of a rock. They they're really in the building their cities on top of rock
and
a little shopping and
I was over there on business. So I
Was working also and now then I went up to Rome. It's been a week in Rome. I love it. Oh, Rome is great
Yeah, it's been a week there. It's all the you know the tourist attraction. Yeah, you didn't run into the Pope
I any chance
No, he he showed up about two days after I was
Well, I think he was busy at the bank
I
Want to call my two friends and big punks. Okay, they are in the juice bag great and
And I was I talking to you. Well get out and see it. You're gonna go nuts. I will for sure have a great new year. Bye-bye
Now of course, there's an interesting thing about the Pope situation since they killed off
John Paula first alleged
And if you don't believe it, you got to be an idiot and now we got John Paul II
What does that mean?
But see then people who want to defend him can always say well
They tried to kill him too and make it seem like that there was somehow connected as far fixes that may be but it sounds
12 minutes past 11 at W.I.O.D. and will be me. Let's go to a mobile in Miami under the Broward line
Of course, I just happened to be in Miami, but that's the number I use how you doing? Okay
Uh
Good knowledge the salvo man. They make you're absolutely right the salvos in Hollywood and plantation and in David the one in Davie
I live right by right by table supply
Also speaking of right by the salvo. There's a blockbuster video there on the corner, right?
And they got like seven godfathers that they have that they rent out
You can't get one and you've got to wait about three weeks to get one on the waiting list
Seven movies if you can't get them in the incredible it's hot
You know I never saw it and it's hard. I've seen little bits and pieces here here
But I'm now I'm psyched to see them both you know, so I went to rent them can't get them as ridiculous can I borrow your
I think so you can buy them there though, but they're a little
Yeah, they'll be back. Yeah, well, I can't wait. You know what I mean? So I'm gonna be forced to buy one
Why it'll be worth it. You have a virgin copy. It'll be great a virgin copy. Yeah
Something like so who is this a twin with a fish?
Luca brought. Okay, I just wanted to be big fat Luca brought. So he looks kind of like the WLSN or old age like big rich fat rich without the glasses
Yeah
All right, have a happy new year and the same to you. So you're an enjoy it. Okay. I certainly oh
I never saw I would ever do this, but I would like to call some of these back. Yeah
Steve Cain is a Jewish bag
Tell us something we don't know pal. Well, I just I haven't heard it in a while. So I wanted to hear it happy new year
Thank you the higher I got the more crooked it got
Unbelievable. We have an open line and powered 524 gangster 524 wiod we have the sultry lady D is on a line
Good morning. Yeah. How are you doing D very well? Thank you. That's great. I wanted to know if you wanted to go to the movies
Why?
I don't want to go to the movies. No, I'm moving out. Are you? I spent the six hours
I spent from 4 30 to 10 o'clock last night and the Pine Ridge plans or whatever it is
Where is that at?
Where is it at? It's on Pine Island in the stay road 84
That's my I don't know anywhere down here. Yeah
I wanted to wish you a very nice day here. Well, the same to you D
Stay on your diet. Well, I'm going to get that's my new year's resolution
I'm going to take off a quick 50 pound
And don't try your new Corvette or high leo. Why not? They can't try
Is that a news bulletin I used to live there I know all about that
But they do know how to hog the horn
I don't know about that. I don't want to show them how to turn on their lights at night. Well, they like this
Conserve on energy you know times are tough
We have a very good name and the same to you D
And I wanted to call no out
A royal spence. Okay
Have a nice day. You too. Five five
1119 at good old WI
Oh
See, well, I have to look for us because the car machines are on the floor
Now if we ever get that triple uh decor up here and I said I level where we can see what we're doing
It'll be great. It'll be almost like a real damn radio station. Wow. Oh, that'd be something
God
We heard from more down a junior this morning and the canola guy did he ever call back to tell you where those canolies were from those were excellent
God and they were like Christmas canolies. They had the little red and green uh
Sprinkles on the outside man
After eight the second one. No, I started feeling like I looked in the mirror
I looked just like Eli Wallach on a bad day my hair started turning white
Start getting a rickweaver look mobile
Mobile good morning. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay?
I've got a question for you since you're talking about the godfather in the godfather part two
Maybe you might know it or one of the listeners
When Pichino was talking to the hymen roeth character were they trying to make him the president was that was they were gonna
Try and do in that movie make him the president. Yeah, they said something about
Uh, just having the money to do it and becoming president in the United States
Were they trying to make
Going to have him become the president of that time. No, no, I don't I'm I was I was always a reference there
Which I never quite understood with a movie that well I watch it again this weekend. I'll let you know on Monday. All right perfect. Okay. Thanks. Happy New Year
George is a wincing and I don't well you know me
I far be it for me to answer because I can't remember where I was yesterday except at that beautiful man
What a great theater
Beautiful great sound of real big screen. It was like beating a real movie
Like and remember in the old days when we used to have real movie theaters with a big
Cinerama with a giant screen and the big sound all the way where I like it with more than 10 seats
It was great those little places with 10 seats. That's okay if you're watching like Debbie does dear field or something like that
Be real close and intimate with it. You know, that's fine
But not to see a real movie get serious
21 after 11 at w.i.o.d. and we'll be right back
You know
They're all of a sudden all the day lines the date bank is blank. How do you like that even rhyme?
751 and Palm Beach dropped off or just
We're playing with our models here today folks. I told you that for just the beginning of the show
I thought well not gonna be too bad considering this Christmas to New Year thing
I guess today was like really yank it out mollors man, but it's uh, we understand
We understand you're busy. You have a full rich life and uh, you got a lot of stuff to take back to the store, right
751 w.i.o.d. and date six five five and Palm Beach for it. Whoops. Poor Lauderdale
Hey, yeah, how are you buddy? Okay, pal. What's doing? What do you want? Can I talk to you? Yeah
Sorry, yeah, get rid of that speaker phone. Let's make a New Year's resolution right now get rid of all those speaker phones kill them
I'm sorry about that very
You know, just get the sit there on hold for so long to get into talk to the master. Yeah, right
Well look how's everything I think you're gonna have a great 1991 because I'm really looking forward to it. I am
I think things gonna work out well for everybody
You included
So in other words you got up in the say right have a nice New Year
1128 at w.i.o.d. We have an open line and you know that's one of those calls where he's on the speaker phone
Assuming he's never gonna get on the air and then when you go to him
It's such a state of shock and he scrambles back. It's on a real phone and he's still got nothing to say
524 w.i.o.d. Let's try four Lauderdale. Hello. Hi Neil. Happy New Year. Same to you sir
I told you that I'm an experience. I had recently it was in Orlando. Yeah, you ever been that's an experience
He ever been over to crackers and church street. No
Well, I went there the night to have a to have dinner and watch the Monday night football game on Saturday night
Yeah, go there and place like five people in the whole restaurant
Yeah, go there. It is four tv sets on they all have the Utah Jazz versus the Orlando manager. There you go
Yeah, real exciting
Yes, the bartender to switch the channel. He says he cannot speak to the manager
Speak to the managers said they cannot change it. I asked him why he says there's a lot of there's only this people here
I want to watch the game and a few change the channel
Then you walk these people they walk out
I'd call Tommy in from a good fellow to take care of
I couldn't believe that one day about a good Italian restaurant to go to also during the holidays
Capricios. Yeah, it's been there before no
It's on Pine Boulevard and University
Okay, the Southwest corner really good Italian food. Okay, sir
I want to wish um, I want to close someone to do speak if I could yeah, I want to call value girl
Verdi a douchebag and happy birthday to a husband. Okay, happy New Year. Happy New Year. I'm rivet arch
I'm going to Louise in the Bronx have the best feel in the city
We have an open line it. No, we don't look at that boy. They're putting on a good act this hour
I'll tell you that who you can plantation
Okay, nice talking to you probably one of my neighbors up yours pal
Mobile hello in Leisure City. Yeah, in Leisure City head and sound we're impressed
How are you? I'm okay. Okay. I went to I've listened to you for years
I went to one of your emotes and it was a lot of fun. I couldn't believe it with 300 people at charcoal
Yeah, we had a great remote at charcoals. That was fabuloso
It was really great. I even got to hit the head with a hat that you threw at me
Right, and I'm wearing it to go fishing today wonderful. What do we take care of our crowd or what?
Sure, it's it. I also dropped off those 25 alarm systems for you
If you recall oh, yeah, and I just want to remain an actual alarm
There's no cost for installation or for the equipment for the people
That's at one on them and for any installations we do up to the end of January
We'll get $50 to Camilla's house
And another $50 will buy a gift certificate for the homeowners to one of your restaurant sponsors so they can go out to dinner wonderful
Thank you, sir. You're great america and thank you for what you're doing for Camilla's house. Okay. See you right
So 11 30 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line on our star line at star i.o.D
If you have bell-soft mobility and of course if you have anything else you're screwed. Let's go to Miami. Hello
Lorenzo's market on a 163rd street as a canolee right or on westixi highway
Highway that's that's it Lorenzo's outstanding. Yeah, you're right
I don't know if that's where he got him from because I got some yesterday and they had the little sprinkles on the end probably Lorenzo's is
Tremendous, but there's nothing I don't far as I know there's nothing further south like in south Miami or anything
I don't I don't know of anything really I don't
They're I don't know what about that other Italian market on 160th 3rd street called rippies or is that what name of it
Been there for years never been in there, but I've been by there. I know I know I'm sure they would have it
I know I think that's where clemenza used to get his think about yeah
Okay, I have a good day and the same to you just a little joke. Okay
Leave the gun bring the canola
We have an open line
Ha ha ha you people are so I mean you're the twilight zone. Okay
I understand anything. It's going out in a word you're oblivious
You're all into your own little stick in narrow worlds with your steel belt and radios and your pop-up toasters and your videos of
Harry and the Henderson's
What the hell do you know about what's really going on in a Bart Simpson dolls and other crap
Our city all-hall blow up dolls
You're super silly as characters like go Harry hamlin from LA law once you get with it with a real show
By the way guiding light is getting really neurotic during the holidays now now that we don't have a mic power and
Bird power and pop-up power to sing all the Christmas carols man. We are all screwed up on guiding light. I think we're gonna make a comeback
You know
You know walked out of the theater when it will be at last night. I'm humming this move
Oh, and I know what I forgot to tell you see there's always little tidbits that you forget
As I'm walking out and I'm sitting like in the about the fifth or sixth row because by the time it
Which was fine because it's a big theater and that's plenty far back
But as I'm walking out there with like a group of about a half a dozen I'd say people in their 60s and they're speaking Italian
To each other on their way out and one guy looked like
He might have been well. He looked a little rough. You know, he looked like he might have just come from Polarmo or somewhere with an offer
You can't refuse they were pretty interesting needless to say I didn't stick around asking any questions my amy beach
Hey, Neil. Yeah
He'll I got a problem. It sounds like it called constipation. Yeah, take a little amount of muscle. You'll feel better in a morning
Is it is a person the face on the top and thinks it thinks the run back? Yeah
Stick him in the desert don't give him a mat
1133 we're sick of the sammy Smith jokes already. We'll give him a chance. Okay, let me ask you who do you rather have Eric Dickerson with all his problems in his big mouth or
Sammy? Okay, think about that for two or three seconds
Let's go to Harbor Beach
What the hell is that harbor bay? What the hell is that? Neil. Yeah, Harbor Beach, Marriott. I'm sitting at the pool on my mobile phone from Detroit
I
Hello, wait a minute run that by me again. I'm from Detroit. I brought my mobile phone with me and I'm sitting at the pool with the Harbor Beach Marriott
Oh, I see I got
Well, this is very confusing. Sorry about that. I listen to you every year while you're here while I'm here and
Why are you so tame this year? What do you mean by that? Well, there's very little hostility
Well, it's the holidays sir. What the hell do you want? I want you know, there's no condo commandos
Now we got plenty of time for that old crap. Okay, and this is the time for love and brotherhood
And there's no problems with management
Mafia shootouts. We all we have a constant problem with management when they're here. This is the holidays. They're all gone
Oh, they're gone? So you want you want to inflict on us the all the stuff that we try to get away from during the holidays
We look at nice extended rest here. I'm only here during the holiday
Well, I'll call up Dick curtain Detroit. He fee or keeps abreast of everything that's going on in the show
I got a nice Christmas card from Dick Burton by the way
Do you we listen to Dick Burton every morning? Dick is great. He's a very pertinent good to hardly I say Dick Burton's great
Yeah, he's very good, but when we're in Florida, we only listen to you great way of excellent taste
Okay, thanks. Make sure and give Dick a big kiss for us. I will mention the two have a great new year. Okay, thank you
He don't know what we're doing 1135 and of course we know neither which makes it more exciting
We'll see it lose finder delicatessen. Okay, sir
We'll see you at I don't know the vanilla is on woodward
Most of the other great places from when I was there is gone. That's a problem. I tried to go back everything is gone
Prince spaghetti house in Boston gone
I bet you the old Joannemos on Massachusetts Avenue in the back Bay is probably gone too
Wood weed some pizza and hoagies in that place. I mean hoagies. I mean a sub sandwich
Places here. I'm telling you this is
This is make believe here Conway, Twitty should sing the theme song. It's only make believe for this whole area
It's like a shadow of real life
All we do have we used to have myrlandsky and bb. Robozo we got our guys
Let me how about a little remote from golden beach. Wouldn't that be oh we blew it god on Tuesday on Christmas day when we had the old grand opening a godfather three
We couldn't on the show remote from golden beach
Yeah, that would have been good. We might have even run into some of the people from the movie 24 till noon at w.i
Okay, let me look guys down here. There's an above machine. Oh
D and we'll be right back
All right, let's see if it does it again. Don't touch it. Let's even run through again. Is it still re-cuing?
Is it re-cuing? Let's see if it runs through. We could just let it go on an endless loop. We don't want to be here today anyway. Screw it
Did he queue up yet? No, it's still odd nuts man. That would be great
Anyway, I'm curious if hand coldberg if we have like a real commitment to him being on with this eight to eleven
And I would tankage doing a great job. How come he's never on? It's just like he used to be before
When stan was here. I wonder Andy was here most people didn't complain about it
When she was preempted
But seriously last night we had that you and how many would all honesty?
I mean, I hope you and basketball gets on the map and we get some people out there to support it
But how many people do you think are listening? I think we got enough chairs in this room for the people who are listening in that game
And they took most of the chairs out okay when Bennett left
But anyway, so it looks like Hank is definitely gonna stop by next Friday now KT our crack sales staff this week
He's the whole sales staff nobody else is here. Which says a lot and
We're gonna do our show next week at culler now about ten minutes ago was gonna be up on the rooftop
Now he tells me it's in the winter circle
We've got all kinds of great for what a winter circle at least is in the grandstand
Okay, so you don't have to pay through the nose to get in the clubhouse that'll be great
And you can get in a grandstand for a buck
These are now is it two bucks at tropical? Well, whatever the hell is a couple of bucks won't kill you
And we're gonna be done here in the winter circle and Phil Saltsman's gonna be by and Hank will be there touting like crazy
And we'll like you out some winners and losers and be good time
Okay, let's go to popin'o
Hey
Rogers yeah
Look
I'm gonna break your face you don't start to talk about the mama heat you hear the wife the mama heat what the hell is that you got it the best
Above team one last night mama heat up this
It's 1142 we got an open-minded Broward 524 terminal 524 w. I. O. D. Let's try South Miami. Yeah, that guy sounded terminal
Yeah, as a matter of fact he lives at the airport
No, seriously when he goes home every day their big sign over his house is terminal
Hey listen, I was watching on the waterfront Marlon Brando even more insane
DJ pop rod stiger what did he sit on an air hole and just like inflate
Marlon he has good your blimp written on the well
He lives with Michael Jackson who does it is not around for eating a lot. So I guess he must be eating for two
I would wait a minute. I think we have the sound effects of Marlon being way awakened in the morning listen
Yeah, they hook him up to a hose. I think so. Yeah, he gets a big hose job every morning and then he's ready to go
I think he might like that. Yeah, and also another thing about the dolphins
very cumerole
And a famous miss do you think the bills would take those two for
Please wrap him up in a wrap him up in a basket put a Christmas ribbon on him and set him to Buffalo in a box
I'm serious. They need to get rid of him. Amen. Okay. Hey listen longtime listener first time caller. You're great. Happy new year sir
In spite of what they said
Connections right?
And he probably would have talked like this by now too with all the
Man, was he picking out and did you read that book? Of course not by Albert Goldman about the L. The last 24 hours
They had him on so many pills. I'll tell you you'd have to get up at five o'clock in the morning and just keep swallowing till noon
To the viral the pills that he was eating. It was just incredible
Open line of days 751 doctors are quacks and one and brownered 524 w. I. O. D Miami Beach
The only thing. Yeah, San Dio sir at Fito. Yeah, Florida has
Canola. That's right. How could we forget right up the street boy those would be great today
We cheer love a canola from florist today
Delicious. They got some of the best canola's to the side of Sicily right
All right, take care. Thanks for the memory sir. Have a happy. Okay
Well, I'm glad he called how could we forget it? They've sent canola's here before
She's are we dumb or what they're probably really p. O. Now
somebody some very nice caller calls in and says
Who's got canolies and we forget all about florists our neighbors right up the street who feed us and take good care of us
Who got that great stuff
Man are we douchebags some at least we admitted
We have two open lines in the day
At 751 9463 751 w. I. O. D
Boy, I can't wait for Colorado to kick the crap out of Notre Dame here on New Years. Can you
Man, I don't care how many downs they got in that game. I hope they get five downs every series against Notre Dame
Just to make it even you think the popus flying in for that one
Miami lakes
Hey nail. Oh boy here we go. We started in epidemic. Yeah, you know who
Invented the city of Las Vegas, don't you? Who's that?
Oh green. Yeah, you're in the maneuvering glasses will you?
With a man of vision and guts. Yeah, and there isn't even a plaque or a fine posterous chew of his in that tower
Mikey you don't come to Las Vegas and talk to a man like mo green like that
Somebody put a bullet through his eye. Yeah, no one knows who gave the order. Yeah
When I heard it I wasn't angry. I knew mo
I knew he was headstrong
Talking loud saying stupid things
The one he turned up dead. I let it go and I said to myself. This is the business. We've chosen right
Hyman. I didn't ask who gave the order because it had nothing to do with business right, Meyer. I'm
You know, I mean
There he goes
Meyer Lanske making little come that was good call from Golden Beach our first of the morning
Nice hearing from you folks over there. Do you really think there's any like
Mafia o C types in Golden Beach? I think that's just a bunch of crap
All of it is interesting and all the years I've been on the year
I don't think we ever had a real call from Golden Beach huh? Well, they're busy over there than the olive oil business
Uh all three lines and date open as the Red Sea. Look at that. That's happened twice this morning already everybody
All seems okay. Dade County out of sorts this morning, huh?
751
9463 751 W. I will do well. I'll get ready for the bull
Is now where you go around New Year's everybody heads for the bull like on the morning after 12 minutes till
No, and it will be right back. No, who he is. Do you know who that is? Do the production in his room? Never seen him before my life
What do you do? Just stop in as you work at some other station somewhere as you like from the coast
God help us to be from the coast
Okay, even on the holidays when there's nobody here who gets screwed. Let's go to Lauderdale. Hello
Hello, Neil. How you doing pretty good. I want to wish you a happy New Year and the same to you sir
All right, say you're doing a lot of good things for Camilla's house. We've already sent in our check
Thank you. Uh, I wanted to play you something that I thought I know you're God's father intensive and I can't say the same
I've got pizza on my breath though. Yeah, I just want to play you something here. I think you'll like, okay?
Okay, we probably won't be able to hear it, but give it a shot. Here we go. Okay
Sounds good
The water is cool
And the nightlife never stops
All right
The road is different
People have a voice
I have a scale of one I'd say minus
Wow, so how are these be kind four billion?
Oh god, I get like goose bumps all over my kneecaps
number 54 here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good morning Neil. When is this?
Oh same to you pal. I want to let you know that not only my anneally but I'm also an avid
arsenal hall fan. Oh god. Nobody's perfect. I was just knocking him yesterday. What's the
knock? I mean he's just a geek. Hey, yeah, right? Anyway, I wanted to not only that they stole that
from Mortowny. I mean at who Barnyard Cretan is. That is an animal. But well there you go.
Okay, anyway, I want to thank you on behalf of the entire Dave County community for your
charitable work with the Camille County. We do very appreciate it. I have been
involved in charity myself. So happy New Year to you pal and go dolphins. Okay, bye.
Stick our sinew in desert and give them a map of Ojas. We have an open line and date. One in
Broward, one in Palm Beach, where I halfway through this Friday through this Godforsaken land
of the lost. There's almost nobody in the building. Just like makefully. What is that? That was
quick. Is that is that from Flores? Boy, they must have come up here in a helicopter. One for
George and one for me. Look at that. There you go. I'll take the big one. Oh boy, look at those.
These are how could I have ever forgotten about these? Sound what I was trying to reform?
Hey, these are the best, man. Oh God. Oh, just stuff one of those in your cheek and your
just like Marlon Brando. And the cream and the filling is like sticking out over the
end so you can do like Connie didn't the movie last night where he says, you're skinny. You
eat it because he's afraid she's going to poison him. Eli Wallach. And so she just like sucks
the little tiny teeny weeny bit off the end there. Know the canoli.
Oh, and he's like, dole truck with chips and I don't think that what those are. Man, thank you guys.
Flores has got the best canoli in history. Roger, I'm sorry. We don't have the only sent
too. Well, it was an emergency shipment. One for me and one for the new Cuban Godfather George in
wants to be Andy Garcia Jr. Oh, these are. This is like Dianne and going to, oh, there was a great line
in Goodfellas by the way. I cracked up. I think some of the people in the theater got offended.
They were talking about Florida and she says, you've ever been to Florida? And she says, no,
she says Florida is like Dianne and going to Jew heaven. Oh, it was it was incredible. Miami,
she says like Dianne and going to Jew heaven. And I just cracked up and some of the old Jews in the
theater can be a dirty look. And that must be him. That's him.
Mobile and key, Largo. Yeah, Mr. Nail. Where does Diaz Amigo? Well, he knows Diaz. I'm south of there.
How you doing today? Well, just wonderful. So you're having a pretty peaceful show this morning.
So far, that's the WID family and the channel seven families call the truth for the holidays.
What do you mean by that? Well, I haven't heard anything about Rick lately.
Well, we don't know. That's the problem. We can't get the story behind the story on that
pedestrian that allegedly got hit after the Eagles game. Oh, I got it in here about that. Well, I don't,
I can't do it. There he is. There he is. He's a guy. Now, let me ask you something.
Wouldn't he have been great in one of the Godfathers instead of El Martino?
Oh, he would have been singing eight of blown his stuff away in about three seconds.
Yeah, he would have been out one of those thing last windows in our heart. He'd have been sleeping with the tunas.
So I gotta tell you, it doesn't work in late right before Christmas.
And channel seven come up with this thing. Count down the crisis. I can hardly stand it up.
I know. I always want to network that. It reminds me of ABC. The thing they did with the hostages back
when Carter was in office. Remember when the Iranian lunatic, Yaitola was holding the hostages and
started nightline. Oh, too bad. And here they do in the same thing. Count down to the killing.
They ought to call it, you know, the bloodshed. They are the most bloodthirsty bunch of maniacs over
here next door. It's just, you know, let's kill somebody for the holidays. Well, I tell you,
it's a pleasure to listen to your news reported accurately and at least as peacefully as it can be.
And that sensationalism is just driving everybody crazy. You bet. Have a great holiday. See you.
See you later. Fact the thing with the TV news people, they just, they want to show you somebody crying.
Now, there was a story I've meant to mention. There was one day early last week where that those
girls were playing with the guns. They stayed home from school. Those teenage girls. And, you know,
it's always happened. They start playing with the guns. And one of the girls got killed with the
gun. And they showed the scene. It was down in South. I think it was a Cuban family. And the
grandmother came along. The daughter was going, I mean, the sister was getting hysterical. She was
jumping and then the grandmother comes along and they tell her and she passed out and they taped it
and they had to put it on the air. It was the worst in the poorest taste of anything I think I've
ever seen in my life. And it was of course on your hometown, Gora station right next door.
Channel seven. You people make me puke.
Stroke this, Rick. You are embarrassing. Okay. Man, they are just the hysteria TV for the 90s.
That's what they ought to call it. And at Penny Man, she comes on and looks like she's just a
lacaniacorly on, man. She's just prepared to report the end of the world and is pretty happy about it too.
Man, anyway, the very calm, the very area night Elaine Ittourist,
any by with the responsible boring new NYOD news. And it will come back for 12,
five, 12, six, whenever she's been ready, we got the Rick and SUDs at two that on Shula show
at six sports talk at 605 and the big blockbuster bowl from Jorabi Stadium Penn State and Florida
State 7th. Except this pal, 12, seven at WIOD. Look at that date bank again. Everybody
else is on the horn. Date count. It's a third time day. There must be something going on and
date that we don't know about. There's little holds handed out money on street corners. Is that
what's going on? What the hell is going on, man? Weird. Anyway, thanks to Anna Martinez. Anna,
we love you. Attensely advertising. Anna sends the whole package. The print will Oh, jeez. Oh, no.
One moment, please. Thank God my soda can was empty. You know what? I think that was an
almond. Like I started to say she sends the whole press package for Godfather Part 3. Here's
the thing with all the pictures. Let me open this up. There's Michael. Oh, what a look on his face.
Like boy, this sure really is biting the big one. I think I'm going to do something about it.
Man, let me see what else we got all these glossy photos in here. And it says on her card,
compliments of the Corleone family. How do you like that? She wrote that on her little
humor and not much. And there's oh, look at that. There's the old Michael with the
what's his name Andy Garcia in the background looking down for that orange on the ground.
And here they are in the opera. And here, uh, Nuri is whispering into his ear sweet nothings.
Oh, look at this. Just picture actor picture. And there's here's the definitive picture for Godfather
for. There's Andy Garcia and Connie, the godmother. Boy, she a bitch or what? Oh, there's what's
your name? There's Sophia. Oh, God. Oh, and I just ate that canoli too. It's back it up on me.
Well, okay, it's a 1209. Let's take a quarter to we got a couple of nights to open and
date and somebody crept out and bowed. We don't care. We're just having a great Friday. I got to
be honest with you. The canoli from Flores was sensational. God was that good. It was just oozing
with stuff. Here's a, oh, we got some mail. Well, that's good. That God Roger still here is going
through the mail, getting us some stuff. This place is so incredible. It's there's just like
nothing going on. And of course, you know what they say when the rats are away, the cats will
play. So however the hell I goes, you know, so there are the people who are here, they're just
goofing off. They're not doing anything either. Like out in front, for example, where the mail is
probably all piled up. I wonder if that ACN library may have come in to know. We better keep our
eye out for that because somebody may come in and try to pawn that over the weekend. You know
who I'm while we don't want to get into it. Here's a mobile implantation. And the same to you.
Well, thank you. The Godfather theme you're playing. Is that from one? Yes, sir. And I wish I had
the music from three, but unfortunately nobody has it yet or if they have, they sure haven't
sent it over here. And I assume there's Godfather. Yeah. I'm going to pick it up. It's fixed today.
Thank you. Outstanding. Bye-bye. See you. Wow. Are we generating some bees and bees for this?
Or what? We ought to get the, we ought to get in the family. Just when I thought I was out,
they pull me back in. Why the hell can't I have a little piece? We all want a little piece of
the action. We'll be good boys. How much have we got on the ticket? Still 50 bucks. I've got to be
honest with it. It's very embarrassing because the face value of each ticket is 28 bucks. So we've
got two tickets for tonight's blockbuster bowl at Joe Robbie Stadium. And I will tell you up front
they're up for level, but what the hell you want? It's sold out. They're just almost impossible to
come by. And we got a bit of 50 bucks. And whoever then that's going to be at a one o'clock if nobody
updates that they're going to get it and come by the afternoon with a check for Camila Sousa and
they're going to go to the game tonight. Right? I guess that's probably going to be it. Well,
screw the audience. Point and beach. Happy New Year. And the San Diego, sir. I'm a big, big, big
godfather fan from from one and two, but I'll tell you I was I was kind of lary when I went to see
Goodfellas, but I'll tell you that was one of the best movies I have ever ever seen. Well,
it was outstanding, but not in the not in the same class with God, not in the same spot.
Different genre, but very, very good. But for a monster. Did you see it? Yeah, I saw it. Yes,
to it. Oh, yes. Oh, I didn't know that. Well, that's what I came on to talk about today. I went,
I made the whole thing yesterday. How it was going to kept checking the movie times. And nobody
seems to know what I'm talking about. I went to see Goodfellas at 430. What did you think of it?
It ended according to seven. And then I went in and the big theater there at in the plant and
whatever that is, Davey. And I saw the godfather three on a big screen with a surround side. It was
great. I just got through telling you it was great. I give it a nine. It was excellent. I just
wanted to put my two. The only thing I still don't understand now in eight years, he managed to
get all those hits in his face. I don't get that. He must have eaten a lot of chocolate or been
doing something an awful lot for eight years there. When he was on that soap opera, I think it was
that must have been it. Yeah. Boy, did he get a he looks like James James Woods on a bad day,
but he was very good acting. And of course, the nearer was great as always everybody here.
And a little guy who played Tommy Joe Pesci or whatever. He was outstanding. He got
in the zero-woody god. He was a pin in the ass. And it was great. Great.
Outstanding. Okay. No. Thank you. Thank you.
Yeah. If you haven't seen that, the good news is it's still playing in, I don't know if it's
playing anywhere else, but it's still playing there in the AMC, whatever the name of that thing is
pine something. What the hell do I know? It's on a corner of Pine Island and stay road 84. And
it is outstanding. Anyway, 12 minutes past noon at WIOD and Pompato Harness has a great line.
I've opened up because we had one envelope left over from yesterday. And then Roger just
brought in a dribble of some of the mail from up front today. Look at that. Here's one to
pile aisle. Here's one to Sandy Payton. Who I've told you. Do we get mail? If I had a dollar for
every piece of junk mail of this station gets in a year, I could retire. I'm not exaggerating.
I have never seen a radio station that gets so much junk mail. Remember we had the holiday and we
had about four or five days worth of mail pile up in those three boxes. I went through there. I have
never seen anything like it in my life. But anyway, the good news is I've opened up two envelopes.
This one from Rich Pacteur. The first one at a $300 check. This one is a $500 check from our
good friend, Mr. Music Rich Pacteur. So in two checks, we got 800 bucks. And I got a few more
over here too. And I'm sure there's some other mail out there as well. 800 bucks that brings us to
$94,545. Did I tell you that sometime next week we're going to over 100,000? What on teeth? What?
94,545. Don't tell me no, okay? Did I not? What does it say in there? 94
.
You know, he comes. He wants us to he's desperate for us to play this this far stunk in a thing that
he's got just debt. Cory is in here, by the way, for a listening audience that's been enjoying the
show up till now. And now he's giving me a sign. That's not right. Whatever is in there was $94,045.
Right? Is that what it says? Well, I just opened up another one. If you were listening for 500. So
I don't know what the three fingers means. How about this one? Do you understand this finger? Okay. Man,
is he slow? He's directed me like he's the new director. And who the hell is that on the phone again?
Man, this I'm telling you, Marvin, I don't know what you've left this guy is on the phone for hours.
Ever since the holidays, he just said that he's got a blue dozer on and on and on. That's it. You
can know there's an eraser there. Don't get with your suit. And everything don't go. What a slob.
And he's wiping the chalk on his suit. There's an eraser right there, dummy. It's supposed to be right
on the ledge. Right in front of your nose. God, are you embarrassing? God, 545. That a boy. Good job.
Take this into what's his name. And if he ever gets off the phone, we'll play it in there. Okay.
That's the only reason you showed up. Yes, it is. Cut the crap. 1219 at WIOD. David.
Hi, how are you, Neil? Great. How you doing? I just wanted to tell you a typical South Florida holiday
chair story. I'll bet. A friend in myself or trying to help a friend that's over in Saudi Arabia
in this type of desert shield. And we call the utility companies to help her out and try to get
them to put things on hold. And utility companies all except for one said that they don't make
provision for people in desert shield. And they're shutting all the utilities in her apartment.
Is in that lovely? Isn't that wonderful? I cannot believe. Here we have these people over there
trying to protect us from a bunch of crazy Arabs and we're shutting their power off. I just
would do spags. Yeah. Slime balls. Couldn't be F.D. I'll put it. Actually, they're the only one
that is willing to make a provision. Like I said, we like F.D. L. a lot.
Couldn't be Southern Bell put it. The phone company. Yeah. Well, screw that.
And the water people. Yep. They're all shutting our off.
bunch of douchebags. That's right. I just wanted everybody to hear about that. It's wonderful
Godfather company. We have. Yeah. Yeah. They probably do business with the Crawley-owned family.
I bet they do. Hey, spread the word for me and happy holidays. Same to you. Bye.
Bye. Unbelievable. Everywhere you look, there's another scrooge under the bed.
20 afternoon. We got an open line in Palm Beach. 6, 5, 5, 9, 4, 6, 3. We still got 50 bucks in
those tickets. George. You know, see the audience thinks I'm joking. But all this week, in fact,
there was one point the other day where I took a break. And he was in there. He saw I don't have any
idea who he's talking to. Maybe Michael is calling from Sicily. Maybe he didn't maybe just add a
headache in the film. When taking tickets, stuff is about 75 tickets. Stuff's for 75. It takes
that long. If they want 75, my God. So we got 75 bucks. That's the message. I mean, if you're
going to come up with some real money, then we got some time for you. Okay. W-I-O-D. George is
taking tickets. Stuff. Well, hold on. Okay. 21 past noon, like I said. And we'll be George,
ready? We'll be right back. Amazing. I open up the next check in a mail here. It's another 500
bucks. Morse diesel in Fort Lauderdale. We thank them very profusely. And open up a couple of
others. 95,000. We just crossed another barrier here. 95,000. $115 in counting. Boy, are we doing it
this year or what? I can't get over it. It's like it's not really happening. Okay, 1226 at W-I-O-D. I'm
going to have to get in the water too bad. Sapphire missed the two horse, Stuart Elliott in the
first race. I was looking at the race. I thought, well, I don't want to pick a two-year-old race. I
look at the first, the second, the third, the fourth, the fifth, the sixth, the first, the first,
seven. The first seven races today are two-year-olds. And, well, we have an open line in the star
line. Star-I-O-D. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hey, Ney, how you doing? Great. All right. They
wore down the center check in or what? What were still waiting for you? Said it's in the mail.
I bet. Let me answer. Whatever happens to that cart, Flintstone. Do you remember that long time
ago? The Flintstones? Yeah, like you're getting Flintstones and all that. Oh, yeah, it's around
somewhere. That's kind of lost in the archives in there. Yeah, it's in the second rack. Yeah, and I
just see some pizza lots over here hanging on. And what about you, Amy? Think you're going to
well detect this long horn or what? Well, maybe or not. As the case may be, I couldn't cure
less to be honest with you. No way. You know, like, no deal with that? No. Okay, now one thing,
have you ever seen Al Pacino and Coach Fernando in the same place? Coach Fernando? Yeah.
Who's that? The coach. Coach of what? The coach of all coaches. Coach of what? He's like a,
a mentor. Who is he? Coach of what? Fernando? What? Lama's Fernando? Who?
No, no. Coach, these coach of the, uh, the Gators. Coach of the Gators? Yeah.
Coach of the Gators is Steve Spurrier. No, but not the head. He's one of these systems.
Okay. Have a great life, pal. Take two and call me in the morning. What the hell was he talking about?
You know a coach for an ant? Well, of course, you don't know coach from your ass. You don't know
coach from first class. God coach Fernando and he even he don't know who he is. Okay. And like
I'm supposed to know, sir, you are a genius. Okay. If brains could kill, you'd be safe.
We have an open line indeed. Seven five one, but don't take it personal. Okay. We're all stupid.
And we have one in Palm Beach. Six five five nine four. Look at that. You got a cork. Can you handle
that for us? Ninety five thousand one fifteen? Can you do that? Come on. Do something useful while
you're here instead of just sitting around waiting for us to make you into a star.
You didn't just like that Brian McGuery. North Miami. A famous quote from the new movie,
The Odd Father's Star, Norman Elliott Kent. Just when I think I'm out of the radio business.
Say it for me. Back in. He made me an offer I couldn't refuse a fifty-four-demagio.
Outstanding. Thank you. Okay. Excellent job. Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.
Powerful stuff. Ninety five thousand one hundred and fifteen. Can you handle it, Cory?
Got enough. Got the eraser. Now he's got the swing of this. Okay. We have an open line in
a day. Seven five one nine four six three one in Palm Beach. We're going to take that Palm Beach
line and stick it with Luca Bratzi pretty soon. I am getting I've been for fifteen years in
in this town. How can I turn in like when you take the line away like we took the vocal line away,
you notice we still seem to be in business. Okay. Forget it. They're up there into their
Mike Miller stuff. They're in a different planet. They're like on Uranus. Kendall.
Hey Neil, do you want to speak her phone? No. What kind of a phone are you on?
Regular phone. Okay. Interested to take us to the order bowl. Fifty-yard line, row forty-seven.
Oh yeah, we could get some bucks for that. And also cruise for two. We pay a full fare for one
through January 31st. Yeah. How are we getting this stuff? I don't know. I'm in Kendall. Why do you
on Monday? Yeah. You coming back Monday? I doubt it. Only if he's nuts.
By what the hell does that have to do with? In other words, you'll come up here if he's here. No,
you can frame. He lives down here. Oh, I have no idea. Well, how is he going to see you?
Why can you eat him at Cheyenne or Forbes or whatever? Well listen, call me on Monday morning
and we'll make arrangements. We'll send a courier or something to get him if we have to.
All right. Okay. We'll send Cory down to get him. We'll send Brian down to get him in George's car.
You got it. Okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Okay. 1231. We have two open lines. Of course,
they're both in Dave County where we are just to really you scratching our heads and everything
else in site 7519463. Pembroke Lakes. Wow. How about? Yes, sir. You're picking
us to the blockbuster bow game. What are you getting for? You mean to say George put you on a
year to do this? Yeah, you want to know what kind of seats they were. We're in love. They're
upper deck, upper level. Upper level? Yeah. No, it's bleed. That was great. You know, there are no
bad seats in that stadium. I don't know. I went there one time and had a loud seat. Well,
and look, goodbye. 1231 at WIOD. We have one line in Dave, one in Broward and Palm Beach,
we're not talking about anymore. I'm that's one of my new years resolutions. If somebody calls
on there, fine. And if not, that's to be expected. It's ridiculous. It's a waste of time. They got
their own big station up there. They're on hot shots for Lauderdale. Neil. How you doing? Good. I'm
down here from Binghamton. Wow. Isn't that exciting? Yeah. Wow. It's real exciting. It's 10 below
zero up there today. That's terrific. It's a great place to be from, sir. What do you hear for the
bowl game? No, I came down and spent some time with my girlfriend. Really? Yeah, standing at their
place. You're staying at their place? Yeah. That's three girls that go out with down here. Oh, I see,
like all of the same time. Yeah. And they all went the same pile. It's 20 mix and match.
Well, it sounded a little bit exhausted to me. Oh, yeah. They've been keeping me going from one
bedroom to the other. Yeah, sounds like swishful thinking to me. No, just reality, Neil. Okay,
well more power to you, pal. So when you get back up to Binghamton, you could go to a neighborhood
bar and tie one on. Yeah, I work at one. Do you? I tie a couple of mine. Are you a bartender? Yeah.
In Binghamton? Yeah. Oh, boy. What an exciting place that is. I really keep bouncing, you know.
Hmm. Hmm. How about the drinks? How about the drinks? So what's up? Oh, not much.
I gotta go back, God, on day. Yeah. Well, all good things have to come with us. I feel like
call you and have, you know, make my vacation complete. Right. Kind of fill it all out. Well,
sounds like you've been pretty bored. I'm glad we could turn you on. Well, it's the only thing that
really turns me on besides these three. Okay, have a great trip and the call us collect from up
there when you get real bored someday. I sure will. Like Tuesday. All right. See you. Bye.
1233 at W.I. Nicholas. We won't be here Tuesday. We'll be off all day. Tuesday. Everybody is off.
We got ball games that haven't been in what? Not everybody's off. Renery works Tuesday.
Rick and suds work Tuesday. Oh, you're working Tuesday. Well, that's Marvin. What do you want me
to say? Marvin, when he gets back, if he ever shows his ugly face in his building again, he's had it.
I mean, for anybody to put himself in that position to be king of the board ops and just screw
everybody else and take off all the holidays, not just a couple of days here and a couple of days.
The entire like two solid weeks, he is a slime ball. I hope somebody puts some poison canolies in
his pants when he comes back. 1234. Let's do a little business here. We'll be right back.
But is that thing cute up? No. Geez. And what do we got for the ticket? 75 bucks for the blockbuster
bowl? 90. 90. Boy, are we getting there by like a dollar and a half at a time or aesthetic Hollywood?
Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. What's happening today? Not much. Not a hell of a lot. Very, very weak.
Very weak. So you must worry. I give what is it? I say you're a blocking keeper away pretty well there.
But lastly, you're doing a good job. What are you talking about? What do you mean?
Law and people away. I mean, you're like that. 22 till 1 at WIOD. We got several open lines.
I'm not giving the numbers anymore because I'm tired of it. This is just I told you the other day
that between Christmas until a second of January, just we're just here like some kind of punishment
we pay for eating too many canolies or something. And I understand that and I'd love to play that
tape that Corey is just dying for us to play that I got recorded professionally by Countdown
Productions Inc. And we're going to have it made into a record. We're going to do a big thing.
It's going to be on a Dan Moreno show with Tony Segredo on Wednesday night. If the dolphins win,
we hope Sunday after they beat the crap out of the colts. We pray we hope and not Jeff George
into the twilight zone and take Eric Dickerson and maybe we can do the Dickerson. What they did to
look as he was a glasses. Some of those stupid goofy glasses he's got. You got it ready? Okay, let's do it.
So you do sound with the Super Bowl team Super Bowl. No, I touched this team. Can't touch.
So I told you for the whole. Can't touch us. Yeah, that's how it's playing. No, can't touch us.
Look at that for a fly man. Can't touch us. Yo, let me touch the ball with it. Can't touch us.
I know you want to get the move. I didn't see what you're doing.
Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. No, hold on.
Feel like that. Push on my head. Push them on. Back. No, no.
You're too much. 15. Can't touch. No, I told you. Can't touch us.
Why are you standing there, man? Can't touch us. No, touch us.
Can't touch us. That was the ball. We'll score. Make it in front of you. I do scores. Now they know.
Talk about my enemies. Talk about the shows. They're fighting. They're fighting. Downs on me. We'll score them.
Fight. What's to the tape? To learn. That's what my enemies. Pretty good for. The shot.
That's it. Better work hard. You might work quick.
Touchdown.
Stop. Last time. Slow the flow. Okay, you probably out there.
Let me give you some rest. Those balls. Those balls of air.
Fuck if you move around the way in there. You get. For a winner,
a chance of use of your name better than a fight. Move you up.
Just for a moment, let's all do the fun. Bump, bump, bump. Yeah.
Can't touch us. Hey, New York, I told you. Can't touch us.
We are. The mind is pounding. You need to know. Can't touch us.
No. Talk about the tools back in. Touch us. Every time you see us.
The dog will find his right. We're awesome. We're waiting and we're magic in the night.
Now why would we ever stop doing this? We're others from the teams.
That just can't hit. We're going around the country.
The Miami-Sooble Bay. The New Office bump and defense bump and the rest of your way.
Touch down. We're out of here.
Touch, touch, touch. Touch this. 1242. Basie. It's muffled.
Muffled Corey. Muddy. Isn't it? Isn't this on muddy?
Yeah, muffled. Bad dog. Anyway, good luck. You'll need a 1242 at WIO. Do you want to thank the
Parkway pub in Miramar? They sent along a. I can't believe it. One of the the only man in
America who shaves with a bag over his head. How you doing, Neil? It's Ian, ladies and gentlemen,
the original English bag man. How you been? In fact, when they asked how his head was feeling,
he said it's in the bag, dad. Yeah. Speaking of bag, dad, I think you'd be a big hit over there.
How you been, Neil? I've been great up until this moment. Oh, man. Well, if he comes,
he's going to be mad at me now, Neil. He was on his best behavior at our remote at Charcoals.
He showed up. He hung out in the middle of the crowd. He came nowhere near me,
which if I were him, I probably wouldn't either. And he was, he was great.
Yeah, he's going to be mad that I called. He wanted me to call with him. He gets scared to call you.
Yeah, well, he's afraid to do it by himself. He likes to have your loving touch on the other end there.
He's actually probably listening to you on the beach surfing right now. He's probably out there
with all those lifeguards. Yeah, well, like he's surfing it up. This is true. Like you said,
Godfather was incredible. It was tremendous. I noticed we've melted for all we can because we
haven't had any more comment on it today, which really depresses because I'm sure that a lot more
people have seen it since the first day we talked about it. And like I said, when you see it on
a big screen and you can actually hear the sound, it is powerful. It's tremendous. It is, uh,
say too many of us go with these preconceived notions of what it should be and who this one should
be. Just forget about that. Just watch it and enjoy it. Yeah, like I tried to tell Calvin just
sit back and enjoy it. Like all these critics in the mommy Harold, this guy gave it two and a half
thought. Oh, well, Bill Cosford, wait till we get his puny little butt on this show next time. Man,
he is such a pseudo intellectual. See what bothers me about that is that there are some people out there
who actually believe that he's got credibility. Yeah. And they read reviews from shifters like that.
And they don't go and they're depriving themselves of a great enjoyable time because it's a terrific
movie. It's fabulous. Like they say, because he writes something people believe it. Right. But he
knows nothing. Exactly. He knows a lot about radio. And that's why he writes good stuff about us.
But other than that, he knows nothing. What do you think of your body, Kevin MacGrennold?
Hey, I have no interest in the match. Okay. I think he and the Mets are a perfect match. I think
he's a choke artist. And I think they're going to have a real long season next year.
Hey, but does it look like the cub? It would be more than happy to give you Jerome Walton for Dwight
Goodden. Believe me, no problem at all. So I guess the cub is not a one-deeced with all their
acquisition. We're never favored to win anything. But I think we're looking pretty strong. Yeah.
And he's just lady D. She's a lady. He sounds sexy. Well, I'm happy for him. Of course, in your case,
anything that's breathing. I think you and Maria would be great. Maria Corleone.
Hey, Sophia. She's got that. Marie, whatever. Well, like I said, you each put a bag over your head.
You'd be the best looking couple in town. I was just, oh, let's speak about it.
Rub your noses together, Ian. I got a small nose. Yeah. Well, that's not the only one.
One thing about a couple of things. Call him or you're not going to call him a douchebag, but
he hasn't given any money to Camilla's house. And I think you should. What a cheap douchebag.
What a slime ball. Yeah. Rip them. You know, all you lifeguards out there, including Calvin,
get your hands out of your bathing suits for five minutes and get them in your wallet.
They're come up with some cash. Okay. You cheap slime balls. We're going to remote next week for
call. They're what a bunch of little prissy sissy's. They are okay. They're all cheapskates. Yeah.
It makes like $20 an hour of beaching. Oh, geez. What a rough life. Yeah. I heard he makes 20 bucks
an hour, but I didn't hear what's on the beach. Well, that's another story. I have no comment.
Have a happy new year. And say hi to what's your name? See you.
TV next. The distinctive voice of Fleetwood Mac. Her style is unforgettable. Her lyrics are
unheligible. TV's back with all your favorite hits on one big album. It's TV Nix.
What the hell is she saying?
Oh, yeah. All her classics are here. You'll get me and the incomparable.
Oh, yeah.
Can you tell your remumbles for stereo in audibility? This is TV Nix.
At her most nebulous.
TV Nix. What the hell is she saying?
Available now. What incoherent records and takes?
Well, if that doesn't tell you the strings of your thing, well, nothing ever will. I'll tell you that right now.
It's 128 at WIOD. I'm almost finished with the mail here. Here's a nice one for a hundred.
So we're going to be pretty stinking close to 96,000 before we get out of this
God for second place today and we got to mail tomorrow. And then there'll be mail on Monday
that we'll never get and then Tuesday's the holiday. So by Wednesday, Wednesday should be
D-day, don't you think? If everybody gets their act together and gets their checks in the mail
this weekend, Camilla Soundscar of Nearodgers WIOD Miami 331-41. 331-41. Get them in the mail this
weekend and let's have a big let's have a Harnia inducing mail delivery on Wednesday.
And that could be the big day we can celebrate. We'll have a little party here. We'll do a little
kazansky on the table. Michael will dance with Mary. They'll rub noses together. It'll be great. We'll
go over a hundred thousand on Wednesday for Camilla's. Four Lauderdale. Hello?
Now? Yeah. This is not safe. Man, that's good. Okay, put it back in your pants and have a nice day.
Now who is that on the phone that keeps calling like that?
Yeah. Some asshole. Oh, I see.
Hi, Alia.
Tom, Julian.
Okay, another one. We're going for two. Let's try a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
A real caller?
Leo, are you?
Well, that's not too bad. One out of three even Pete Rose didn't always hit 333.
He's not hitting much now.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I got a question for you. Have you ever eaten at Rizzo's in New York?
No.
Haven't.
No?
Where about Luciao's?
No.
Okay, no. Basically, I'm asking because I do not have been in the city in years and I have
noticed I would go back anytime soon.
Well, I know you're saying it gets all that real quick.
No, it doesn't get old. It's just a filthy, crime-ridden, disgusting, rotesque, unlivable place.
Oh, no. I agree. I agree. I'm just looking for a decent place in South Miami and I've
yet to find one.
A decent Italian in South Miami?
Yeah. At the prom. I live in Kendall.
And you want to go to like a gourmet Italian restaurant, right? Is that what you're looking for?
Yeah, you have something to eat. Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, I'll eat these.
I've never eaten there, so I don't know.
I don't know.
But I don't, you know, that's very difficult to find a good Italian meal in South Miami.
No, well, I didn't know. I mean, it depends on what kind of Italian you're talking about.
If you want lasagna and stuff like that, you go to pizza loft on flagristry.
But I think you're talking about a gourmet, fancy, expensive Italian restaurant.
Got it.
Well, somebody will call in probably.
Oh, okay. I don't know.
There used to be that great place on Miller Road there, and I can't think of the name,
but I can never deandrias is at it.
Is there, are they still over on Galloway? Well, somebody will call it. I don't know.
I'm real close to that. The only other thing I wanted to ask you,
while I really wanted your opinion was, do you think I wanted to call somebody a douchebag,
but I was wondering if you think Nelson Mandelia is a terrorist?
Nelson, what Nelson, what was the last name?
Mandela.
Mandela.
Of course.
Oh, okay. What was your grade?
What is the debate about it?
Well, I don't think there's never been a terrorist that he hasn't loved.
He loved every one of them.
Why understand?
He likes Gaddafi, he loves Castro, he loves what's his name with the Shmato over there.
I know what you're talking about.
The Barafan, he loves them all.
No, the problem is in Miami here.
Hey, listen, listen, forget about him, Miami.
Okay, this is nothing but an ethnic bubble bath there.
Yeah, take all these people, get all bed out of shape about everything.
We just want to keep shooting ourselves in a feed.
We don't want the tourist money.
We got another excuse.
We're boycotting this.
Mandela's a piece of crap.
His wife is accused of murder.
Other than that, he's their nice family, okay?
Kind of like the Krolyoni family with a darker complexion, that's all.
I got you.
Good talking, Emil.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
God, I mean, is that even an outstead clerk?
Oh, all of a sudden he was digging through some papers and he found a proclamation
Nelson Mandela, they sent him a letter.
Steve, go have another drink and cut the crap already.
Will you have Mr. Invisible?
W-Y-O-D, George's punching around with tapes again.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Hey, listen, I'm glad I got to call you.
You were out in Vegas recently, right?
Yes, sir.
The greatest place on a face of this country.
Did you have a chance to see the Mirage?
I was waiting to see it.
I was in it.
They were having a little fire in there when I was there,
but everybody kept gambling and the fire truck was doing their thing.
That's seriously.
Did you hear about that?
No, I didn't.
But I had a little fire in there and people paying no attention.
The sirens were going off.
We're all plunging our brains out.
I had a...
Mirage is beautiful.
Isn't it?
You can't say the Atlantic City can compare to that.
Atlantic City is a joke.
Atlantic City is like a toilet.
Are you kidding me?
But you didn't like their sports book there, huh?
Where?
At the morat.
I didn't find it.
I wasn't there.
See, I got all around.
I must have been in about 15 different casinos.
And I happen to like the sports book at the start of us, too, a lot.
I think that's one of the very best.
And I also like the sports book at Palestation.
Well, that's where I'm from in Vegas,
but I just wanted to tell you that they are just building
a billion dollar hotel.
The MGM, have you heard about that?
Well, the new MGM, where is that going to be?
Yeah, it's going to be right where the golf course
in the country club is right now.
Do you know where it is?
Yeah.
Right on the strip.
That's a billion dollars.
It's got a Wizard of Oz theme to a Crystal City
or whatever.
What are they called it?
It's supposed to be amazing.
I want to tell you, I want to say it again,
in case anybody missed it when I came back.
All the people who knocked the Excalibur don't know what they're talking about.
I was inside it.
It is magnificent.
And it's beautiful and all a neon.
And it just glitz.
And you go upstairs.
They got all those different restaurants and the buffet.
I like the Excalibur a lot.
Did you get comped any neon?
Hey, I don't look for freebies, okay?
Uh-huh.
Okay, well.
I brought back almost every dollar that I took with me
and when I go to Vegas to come back with any money
at all is a miracle.
And that's for a whole week.
So I did fabulous.
That's super.
Listen, one thing about the Godfather,
I think when was the first day you spoke about it, Mundi?
No, Tuesday.
I went and saw it on Wednesday, really,
because I went and saw it on Tuesday.
Okay, I went and saw it the next day.
Yeah.
And one of the things that you said was that you thought
that they killed the Cardinals, that right?
Well, no, you didn't hear the beginning of the show today.
See, last night I went and saw it in a real movie theater
with a big screen and with good sound.
And I realized that when I saw it the first time,
first of all, I couldn't hear half of the dialogue
and I didn't see half of the picture.
And I spent most of the time trying to figure out
what I just missed.
And I didn't understand half of the story.
The fact is that the Pope was killed
by the other money interest,
the guy that they finally hung,
because of the fact that he was,
he was going to clean things up the new Pope.
He was against all these crooks.
He was going to clean it up.
He was going to let the immobile R.E.
deal go through to the Corleones
with that time or legitimate.
And they won't any part of that.
They killed his ass.
Doesn't it make you think about Pope John Paul I the first
that maybe that could have happened to him?
Well, that's who it was.
Oh, that's who it was.
David said in the movie.
It said, Call of Macy,
by what name do you want to be called?
He said, John Paul I the first.
I say, I was in sunrise
and all these old people were, wouldn't shut up.
Now, you've got to go back and see it again.
You can't go into what where all the answers are talking
because the dialogue is very low
like in the first movie
and you've got to be able to hear what they're talking about.
All right. Well, we'll go back and see
where there's some people under the age of 100.
I am going to go back.
I just wanted to touch base with him.
Glage enjoyed Vegas.
It is all tremendous.
Anybody who doesn't have a good time in Vegas is already dead.
Okay, Neil.
Have a happy and healthy New Year.
You too, honey.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah.
I'd like to ask you a question.
How come you always bashing Notre Dame in Lou Holt?
Because they suck.
Any other questions?
Because we hate them like poison.
Here, Lou, have a canola.
You jackass.
Hey, if you like it so much,
why don't you go up to South Bend,
kid?
There are buses leaving every hour on the arrow.
Okay, go up there and freeze your little pansy ass off.
You idiot.
And there's old Rick Riley.
He's ready to do it today.
He's not making any mistakes.
He got here early today.
He don't want any more mishaps.
Another easy day on a highway for me today.
Man, no traffic this morning.
See if you'd come in early like about 9.30 in the morning.
There's no traffic during these holidays.
You want to mess around in the afternoon like you do.
Then you got to put up with them because all the mishagolay
are out there around noon, 11.30 in the morning.
One o'clock.
They're all messing around.
They're all out there creating havoc,
wreaking havoc on the highways and byways.
And traffic patrol your right sucks.
They have no clue what's going on.
And his tape man on the scale of zero,
it's just muddy and muffled and forget it.
If you're planning on getting rich with that,
Corey, you better pop the suit.
That's all I can tell you.
146.
What's in the sack?
Oh, you brought your own stuff today?
Well, that's good.
Good thinking because he's not much going on here today.
Not too many people in the building.
As he shuffles his little microphone.
By the way, I'm taking that radio with me when I leave
because I heard some rumors and I'm taking that out of here.
I'm taking it out here too much.
No, I heard some rumors which I'm sure must be accurate.
Look at our new total, by the way.
I couldn't believe that.
You got to do it today.
There's something that's got a $1,500 is a snap.
We are okay.
I wish I could.
Because remember I said I'm putting another 1,000 in January.
Well, I'm going to do it still in December.
Well, why don't you do it today and let's raise the other 500?
Because I'm out of time.
Oh, you want to do the other 500?
Yeah.
All right, I'll tell you what, I'll bring in my check Monday.
But I don't want to take, you know, you've done all of this
and then we put the last 500.
Oh, you're going to put it in?
No, I'm not going to put it in.
So I said you're putting 500 in.
So I just got it.
By the way, that asshole over there, I got, I know we're not talking about him,
but he really frosted me the other day.
Why are you listening?
No, listen to me.
Well, you're listening in here.
No, listen to me.
I punch around.
I punch around.
I punch around, okay?
And I'm never going to stop.
That's just my nature.
But he did a thing.
Somebody was about this thing where he was challenging
and trying to exploit the whole criminal state.
How's the thing going?
I know.
And somebody called and asked him.
He said, you know, Neil put up a thousand
and Rickon said to put up their 500.
Have you put up any?
How come you're here?
And he said, absolutely not.
So in other words, the only way that he's going to put up any money
is if he can milk it for all it can get and get some publicity.
I'm exploring.
I think that is the most despicable and so typical of him.
You know, Mr.
Mr. Showboat, hey, look at me.
And you know, I don't mind.
He has more downy.
Junior caucus, at least more downy.
That's to the show.
Okay, looking for it.
Did you hear him go?
I heard that.
Did you hear that?
They cut it off the floor.
What a piece of work.
The thing they cut it off the ear in the middle of the debate.
I wish I could have heard it.
Or are they going to be in for some time?
I'm telling you.
Yeah.
When King Paul's, I mean, penis is one thing.
But when he starts hearing all these lesbian dilatates,
I mean, he just got to go nuts.
Well, anyway, he said just throwing around the V word lately.
I heard him throwing the A word around.
What?
As in.
Oh, yeah.
Of course.
Yeah.
But anyway,
well, he said he was going to get eight vast sects to me just today.
I heard that.
I heard it with a rubber rep.
I, hey, look, I listened to you guys.
Mostly more and during the commercial breaks,
I punch over there and I punch myself.
And I had for doing it.
He's exactly.
He's aggravating.
He really is.
He's just a piece of crap.
Anyway, so I'll put my other thousand in now from my corporation.
I'm going to write to check this afternoon.
I'll bring it on Monday.
So I'm going to put, Hey, Cory,
Cory, let's do that.
Let's do something useful.
These guys might play your tape again.
Yeah, do something nice now.
Get on the stick.
We're going to have a look at the way this guy is dressed.
Yeah, he looks like Vincent from the God.
He's a holiday.
By the way, why aren't you parking in the coverage spaces
since everybody's gone?
Hey, I like by the sea.
OK, I like the fresh air.
Well, I know you can get away from here today.
I'm parking now.
