Have a couple for a Johnny Miami
Wait a minute did I do that wrong Miami and here comes Beach towel wiping it up. What a day Friday? Yeah
Thank you for the tickets you were there, huh? Yeah, I was I was here and
You sound pretty excited
Well, I started out with Calder that day Friday. Yeah, I'm free from Calder. I went to pomp and I boy here's a real degenerate
matter-of-fact no
I
Went specifically because the friend of mine
That was in business with a business with is very much into the horse racing and that's mainly why I tried to win the tickets to take him
Yeah, and he enjoyed it and
But I think was he bet more money than what he was winning because of the
short prices short prices and so close to the end of the night at pompino. He's saying boy
Must be a bunch of jackass is around here and I'm the biggest one who races later
He finally gives up handy cap and he picks his wife's numbers
Six three six eight box on the try yeah, and hits it and gets back a thousand bucks. Oh, geez
I can't handle these stories. I can't stand it
Here's noils missed with D Wayne minor. He's a leave and he's parked he's breaking his puke and he's dead last
I'm telling you D Wayne minor from the Mickey McNichol school of ineptitude just incredible pathetic
Which was the race that six three eight came in I think it's close to the end you're asking me how do I know I'm just lucky to still be here
It was the it wasn't the twelve. I don't know
but I
Used to own a horse and I used to work for sterling which has horses out in Calder
Yeah, and I just left to watch horses. I didn't bet much
Of course I I lost most of it, but when you see horses like peace core and and beach tower
Yeah, that's the thing on a night like breeder's crown now, you know go
I always people talking about betting and yeah
I don't want to mention a names but some of the people with us are out there like we're gonna get them rich that night
That isn't the night to worry about that
That's the night when you see these tremendous horse we had two world records two new track records
These people are hockin and trying to get about did I cash to perfect then is it you know the double gonna pay three twenty
Who cares? Yeah, you can't go to a breeder's crown there problem with this town people don't have any appreciation of anything
All they want to do is go out in the cash of bed right not me
I have a cash one and so long. I don't know where you do with the ticket the only thing I was disappointed at is the
Sunday when I Saturday when I look at the
Handle the attendant there's only 13,000 I figure 12,000 was 12,226 of my memory is correct and that's pretty pathetic
I know I expected everything in this town. It's the same old deal
You know no matter how great it is no matter how much hype and holo balloon or how exciting it is
They just sit on their goddamn hands. They got a million excuses. They don't they're just a bunch of dead heads in this town
There must have been some big one other than my Zhang and Shuffleboard and the early bird. That's all they care about
What was the handle million and 1,122,000 in some odd?
That's not bad for 12,000. Yeah, but most of that came from our table
That God Hank was there. Have a great day. I'm glad he had a good time. Okay, thanks for the tickets. It's also a happy birthday and
Oh, that part where
Hank Goldberg says he paid for the beer you should do that. Yes, sir
Let's get that off the tape George right away. Yeah, thanks a lot. Take her to you
Like sometimes the next month 10 past noon at W.I. O.D. We have an open line and day
7 5 1 I want to cash the bet 7 5 1 she gave me the wrong ticket
Very nice old lady probably from Halondale she comes into pompano every night probably not over the age of 200
And I bet a couple of two dollar doubles and then I say three dollar doubles three dollar doubles two three two seven two nine
right and I'm sitting at my table a three which is a lock with Leon cable winds going away in a seventh race
I'm sitting there. Okay. I got three horses
I'm alive in the double and a couple of them are going to be a pretty good price the three which was called the
Ralph Cramden
the seven with Kevin always dangerous from Michigan Wallace and the nine which was I think the favorite and
I get my tickets out. I throw away the losing one. I look at the other one. It's two dollar perfectas
Not doubles perfectas
two three two seven two nine well as luck would have it it would two nine perfected just came in in a first app
But it only pays us thick in nineteen dollars and eighty cents
I would like to just once go up there and put my one hand around her throat and the other one around Mickey
McNichols throat
And there'd be a lot of people standing online on the last one
By the way Kelly Shepherd who is not a girl mustache and always up their last night late
After losing a couple of more. He's over the meeting. He's over thirty five trying to keep a perfect record
Even bread handover never had a perfect record. Thank you very much. You're a wonderful American my car is clean again
Great. Thank you, sir and don't panic Spencer. You can come in our Wednesday Spencer don't get all a psychotic in the
Emotional it's 12 minutes past noon at W. I. D. And we'll be right back
New for 1991 is well motor's presence the
six two six from the moment you turn the key you know
Okay, let's see what this baby can do. This is one car. You can't pass over
The six two six features an onboard computer that monitors all systems including automatic shoulder restraints
That you're too much of a big shot to put on your seat belt. All right. I'll put it on
Rock and opinion steering
Personally, I would have taken a less, but if you want to go the long way, that's your business
I know what I'm doing and every MOTSA 626 comes with an AMFM stereo CD
C.D. Schmeiny better. You should get my all right. I don't need this order your MOTSA 626 this month and enter for your chance to win the world's fastest motorcycle
The new Yamaka 1000
Well, don't you miss your gun?
No, but you MOTSA 626 it just feels right
Right for you, maybe please
You're gonna be the death of me
20 is gonna get mad
1216 at W. I. O. D. We have an open line on the star line star I. O. D. Oh
Boy that was just made by D perfect. I want a great birthday. Anyway, let's take a call from high alia
I knew how you doing great. I hope you have a great 48 birthday. Thank you so much
Saturday I went to the hurricane game and afterwards I went to pizza left
And I like to say that they have the best pizza Miami. Yeah, we're regular customers and we have a great time
We're there and just always very friendly wonderful guy just brought in
tons of food he just ladled it all over the table. Here is incredible all over you two. Yeah, okay
My brother in a sea of eggplant
My brother went to the dolphin game and he'd like to ask you something
Neil yes, sir wasn't the game enjoyable game was great
I like I don't like all those tense games like the jets game
I like where you get about a three touchdown lead you just coast along and relax
And nobody gets into the game everybody was like looking at the blue angels and looking around
Everybody's looking at the fight on the east end. Did you notice the fight?
Everybody just know I didn't see that how'd I miss that? I don't know
It was a big fight not security cops are there and everybody just for me just turned their head away from the game
And we're just looking at well you do have a lot of goofballs there for example
There was one play when a game was still must have been in the second or third quarter and it was still a little touch and go
And they snapped the ball marinos going back to pass all of a sudden all these hands go up in front of me
They're doing the wave. They're still doing a while a game is going on
Break I can't see the scoreboard. I can't see the field I know really
Wow a bunch of Yahoo's here. This is such a
Behaving a game or something like a Yahoo town, you know, so many of these people don't they don't know a football from their butt
I know really and there were a lot of empty seats especially on the upper level
Mm-hmm and that it's right enough the first time I've been in that stadium and it's a great stadium the best the best
I'm telling you and then I do a lot of empty see
I don't know why people don't want to go out and see the dolphin
But if we were losing it's they don't want to do anything. It's not just don't take it personally
They don't want to do anything. They're dead heads
They're the walking dead the young the old and the ugly all right Neil
We're out of here. Good luck. I would like to say I'm gonna win those raider tickets on Wednesday
We're gonna be there Neil show up naked we will kneel later. Okay
1218 the WI would do well listen. That's one way to give it a shot, huh?
Let's take a mobile in Miami. Neil. Yeah, I was a hanging buddy
half-mast
Listen, I got a question for you. I said to our said give me a $3 doubles the two three the two seven the two nine, okay?
Yeah, no problem. She gives me perfect this
Listen, I'm going out to California. I'm going to go up there Thursday night and
Straighten it all out. You're going to California with a banjo on your knee
Yeah, I never been there. I gave a dinner
Sir, I'm not one of these Yokels from
Kokomo, Indiana. I've been everywhere. Okay. You name it. I've been there
Boy, you'll feel right at home there
You'll feel just look around you'll see the palm trees it'll look just like sunrise lakes
It looked like Margate
They're all very old and drying like a prune. It'll be great. What are you going to Palm Springs?
I'm going to see a vetting. Oh
Well, that's what it'll be a vetting
What about I'm gonna be spending a couple days in our radio have any place in particular where you have a nice dinner?
San Diego
How far is that? Don't go to LA. What do you want to go to LA for go stay away? Oh, God what a toilet
Go to Hollywood Park
I'm talking about food
I'm telling you LA is horrendous. I would go
Go to the brown Derby brown Derby go to I don't know find a Thai restaurant, which is anyone
I mean all you'll see is Chinese in the Thai and Oriental writing and the the handwriting is on the wall in that time
Let me tell you
Okay, well sure I give you a bicem out there. Yeah, that would be great
Probably be screaming. How do we get out of here? It's awful on the LA. I'm serious
Call you correct one of the few places you can go that'll make you homesick for here in no time at all
I thought maybe since I'll be out there I could see a team that's worse than the eat like the clippers nail or the Rams
All right, Neil. I'll give you a buzz. Okay. Good luck
Bye
Last week thousands of fans received their horse owners packets and joined 610 W IOD at Pompano Harness to cheer our
Club 27 at good old W IOD. We got a call from Weston
Oh, happy birthday. Thank you. I thought that was you center. It's a beautiful car
Where were you hiding in the wood? No, you're getting some bagels from off-road all store and
From John off-road all if you were to take a little walk down the shopping center you would have seen his little bagel store John off-road all has a bagel store
Nice little Jewish boy. Yeah, it's good. Yeah, all right get out it John off-road all is Jewish. No, but he's got a nice bagel store
Nest will be telling me Dan Marino's Jewish now the offer dollars got a bagel and Louis Oliver
He's got a bagel store in the same shopping center there. That's a nice shopping center
But I mean consider that I went for a while
I pulled out and I was right behind you I went over to the gas station to watch them raise their prices
You are flying out of there. I said that is it that's just that car is
Gorgeous color. Yeah, it's absolutely credible. That was me. I have a radio question before you go on
Let me let me just say one thing okay because I see all of these people and they're not just looking at the car
Okay, they know who I am and like a lot of these young punks and different people out there now
You know, it's one thing to smile and like I don't know what but why can't they like wave or give me a finger or do something?
You know I just people in this town are so bizarre. I just don't understand it so unfriendly
Wait, it took off like a bad out. No, I don't mean you I'm just talking in generally speaking like this morning
I was coming to work and there were some
Pinheads and I know they knew who I was and they were probably they're probably listening right now and they just they just so uptight
How many cars are alike that and stuff? I mean is that a real rare color?
Well, I haven't seen any other ones. I mean it's you see some Geos in that color
I haven't seen any other new vets like it yet. I can go between a geo
I can't geo and a vent really, but no, but I'm just pointing out the color. Oh, it's incredible
But if I do see another one like that, of course, I'll have to trade mine in
Is that a convertible also? No, well, say um the hard top comes off. Yeah
That's not the glass top
Comes off the top. I love the glass top because then when it's raining you just look straight up and you see little drops
Pitter-pattering on a top. It's great
Well next time you come out the East Naples you should
Hey, I'll tell you it's not bad out there
That's nice and quiet a lot of bugs, but it's nice and quiet, but he's got a great bagel store. It's really really good great
All little tasty little that lady in there was really nice over at Echors the one in the driver's license thing
You know she said it's her last year. She's gonna return next year
But they speak English. Yeah, um the radio question I had I'm this whole WNWS thing
How is it that the person that that destroyed this patient? I'm really confused as to why radio management
How they can keep someone like that on
Thank you Phil
Because management people out present company accepted of course our assholes sir
That's why these Dennis Collins is still over there
You you put the blame even though the format was pretty dead
You put it on Al and Sandy shoulders wait a minute wait a minute. What is it? What do you want?
I'm doing a radio show and you're hucking a china can kveching okay? Didn't you get some nice flowers?
By the time you get back there will be more flowers. Okay, believe me. I'm doing my damnedest okay if I have to pay for them
Where's my what?
Have a nice lunch feel get her out of here. Please drag her by her feet. Go ahead. I'm sorry
Would you would you put the blame on that demise
except for the
The way that what's the mind what are we talking about this?
Have that station oh?
Of course the man destroyed now of course it's the management
But you understand the in radio. It's the reverse of baseball and baseball
It's the manager that always gets fired even though the player is screw up in this business the players can do a good
Good job and a management can screw it up, but the player still get fired
If I keep wandering is that you're you're constantly fighting your management
I keep wondering if the same thing would happen to you if you followed what they wanted you to do
How long you're so would laugh? No, she did the good part of it here is they don't know what they want anybody to do
They haven't got a clue okay and
A long ago. I kind of got them off my back and I told him if you want me here
Just leave me the hell alone and bug off you know just to do something useful like play with your computer
Well, thank you very much for the information and happy birthday
Okay, and Dennis Collins-Livacer
See you in that amazing that he's still over there really is he's got a good point
We have an open line in Broward 524 and one on the starline star iod. This was our last day of food in the building
What are you laughing about? This is the last day of food on this show. I think because Rick and Sards have basically
It basically like milked off most of my food people anyway, right? I think that the food should come in at two
And then if I want a little bite on the way out I could bite this and if not I just to get that out of here
Before the feeding friends he starts
When Johnny dork was in here the other day
I said I got to lose 30 pounds by the first of the year and today is already November 5. So I'm about a week
That's gone by and lose enough them just holding my own
As they say on a boulevard
Oh
Neils on vacation as we but you're still listening to the Neil Roger show through the magic of audio tape
It's the best of Neil on news dot radio 610 w i od
Mmm my steak is delicious Gloria really we'll try some of my flounder and hey watch out for the little gold
Oh
I'm not seeing I can't understand. I've been turning blue call proto-router
Just told students to press butter
Call proto-router safe effective and almost painless whether it's a golf ball or a furball
proto-router is fast and friendly
proto-router
Hello, I wonder if you can help me. I've had little accident
And we'll get the oxygen to your brain
1237 at w i od you know think that I don't understand is the these microphones with those
muffs on sound so bad
There is such a dramatic difference and nobody
I just don't understand this place nobody has ever come in and said boy those things really sound bad or it sounds muffled or it sounds
Basie or it's just I don't know
Is this like major market radio or is this like playtime just like let's pretend
Just like o'cala junior
Let's pretend we're in o'cala, okay
Let's take a call from pepper pine. Hello
Neil yeah
Uh, this is the stepper the old man had mentioned and outside the bedroom
last week
Outside the men's room. Yeah, I mentioned the men's room. We walked outside well. We don't want to go into that
No, that's not the nothing we went to that
I've been saying the same thing that you've been saying for the last five years about the people down here
And why they can't get these crowds at
At pump and oh I can't understand because it's just these people here
They know nothing from anything. I mean no matter what it is they just they don't know about it
They're not interested. They don't care. It just don't bother them well. I'm an old man too
Yeah, I'm 77. Yeah, and I run around come to the racetrack. They got ideal weather down here. Yes, sir
Hey, they had the best drivers the best horse. Yeah, they got Mickey McNichol and D Wayne minor. Well, what you want?
Oh and Donald Brainer
They're from a different world. Kelly Shepherd. Yeah, but they had the best drivers in John telepally the third and the best of everything else and Patsy repawned with a mustache
And they couldn't get over 12,000 people. Yeah, I laid three to one to somebody
That they wouldn't have 25,000 people. They don't forget Mickey Peterson Walter Ross. Yeah
I
And Ron I also bet I also laid that even money that they wouldn't have 15,000 people and Raymond massing
And Brian Sears
and Rick Shout as in shout-shot knock yourself out and Raymond Scholar
Yeah, but when they get I'm Gary McQuade
And Ray Paver Jr. Oh, that's a joke wow
That's a joke, but they got some good drivers. Yeah
When I get camp or a Donald and they now you're talking. That's the best now you're talking about the best they don't have to trade
Kevin Wallace and the Don Harman now we're talking some real drivers and Steve Warrington and Bill Faye and uh, oh now we're talking
Wally Hennessy get off the rail Wally come on get off the rail already
Jesus getting away from you Wally
jeez
No that 12th race I don't want to go in yeah, I got
Murdered last night sir. I had a 20 to one shot with Jeff Gregory in the first half of the double
I didn't have the second half yeah that gas Donald a row was giving everybody the pipe last night with Dick
Towner and the dick this and dick that it was just incredible
You know Friday night I was in bed
But I bet me afternoon and I bet $482
Yeah, I'm those eight races yes, sir
And I hit I think five races and got back double
Yeah, double
And two triples got back 280 and yes, I lost
There you go. Well, that's not bad. It's called minimizing your losing
That's right. That's what I like to do
But I watch your that's why I go up there and look for Alombardo so I can get really depressed right now
Oh boy to see do it for me. I watch the TV it was great
Then he comes over to me gives me $20 for Camilla's house in the next race
He hits like a $200 perfect. He's got a $5 ticket. He's got $500 in his pocket. I'm sitting there with a cigar
Alombardo no less. Oh man
And I hit a $50 double better. I got paid 320 well god bless you
I never heard of anything right now. It's incredible. Well, it's uh inflation, you know with you
I mean I don't want to pay them from you. I want you
I think I can get the answer. Okay, I'll give you the tip right now
Just plunge all your guts on Donald Braindert sir. He's doing. He's due
No, I think Kelly Shepard. He's overdue
Came to for the trim as mustache anymore. Would you let me talk a minute? Okay, what I want to ask you now
What I want to ask you is not about horses good. I think your fans might give me the answer to this
Yeah, both of them. Huh? I say yeah, I might be able to give me the answer. Okay. If you tell me
Who
Played the part of
Pussy galore
You understand me? Yeah, Pussy galore and the picture gold finger Mickey McNickle
Now some of your fans I just told you
I have a good bed. I
Okay, somebody will call in what's that? I say I think it was Marcel Pussy from uh Roosevelt and Yonkers
I say it was Maria Hartley some people say it won. Okay. We'll find out and I'm trying to find out
I tried a million other ways maybe you could tell me how great by your fans. Okay
I told him to you happy bracing
Thank you very much and just remember Mickey Peterson lives
See you 1243 at WIOD. We have an open line in date one and brown. Look at that 751 and date 524 WIOD and brown
On this momentous Monday the day following the big dolphin victory
Couple of days after our big breeders crowned poppin O Park
Two days after the hurricane thrashing
Of pit in front of a 33,000 vacant seat stadium
How about those maple leaves, huh? Oh boy, you think I had a great weekend
Saddered inite. I don't want to go into it maple leaves boy. Are they they're not just losing. I mean they're just like getting
murdered slaughtered
slaughter at maver slaughter at the gondola
Do we have the name of the person honor blackman, right? Okay, there you go sir honor blackman
He probably cast another big bet. He's a good guy. He's a hundred and seventy seven years old
But he was uh crawling around outside the restroom and uh was calling out to me for help and I met the guy up there
He's a good guy and he doesn't bet on Mickey McNichol. That's why he's still solvent
I don't want to go into a big thing about Mickey McNichol's I do I've been telling you for years. Stay away
Okay, and I usually avoid it too, but
Last night he just absolutely sent me into orbit
I mean when they just open up a whole large enough you can drive a fleet of act trucks in there and you can just sit in there
Nice comfortable third and get a nice trip and you're just out there puking and slashing and whipping and going to half and
56 and one and coming to the stretch and just
Gasping for oxygen you wonder what this man is thinking about you know what I'm saying Mickey
What are you thinking about mr. 2 for 55?
We got somebody sent Cheryl flowers great. Okay, when Cheryl come they're here. Oh great wait till she comes back from lunch with mr.
mr. Dolphin
Phil costum we want to thank Phil again for the remarkable job. He does up there in a sky box. He works. He slaves. He just
I'm Tony. He does more work in one day up there than most bureaucrats doing a lifetime
For Lauderdale. Yeah, I knew. Hi
Yeah, you gotta explain something to me. I'm a degenerate horse player too
You have three horses going you shall boof red in a desperate drive sir. That's the answer. Michelle boof red
Reason Mickey doesn't go this way. He has tickets on the other horses. That's why you said that sir
I have no comment. Yeah, you have three horses in the second half of the double the eighth race now
Yeah, they they mess you up and you're not live in the double because you can't you do the wrong tickets
I wouldn't you box those things because I'm a more because I'm a moron I go back to do it
I'm all at this point. I'm just all messed up in the head
Alambardo is there huck in a trinoc which is enough to drive anybody crazy and he just cashed to 500 dollar perfect
And I'm going nuts and I go back up there and I've got I'm going to either play the three seven nine or the one
three the one three
Nine
You can throw out real no wait a minute. I know. I'm good about the one
I bet the one seven nine
I had to throw somebody out and I threw out the three
And the reason I bet the three in the first places because all the early money in the double pools
I mean enormous early money was on the three
Yeah, and the horse goes off finally
15 to one and wins in a desperate drive and Kevin Wallace comes with a seven which I love because he just bought the horse and
Newsproaks right
Right and he comes up and just gets second at the wire. It's a four hundred dollar perfect
And it's about a forty two hundred dollar trifecta and I'm sitting there holding my own right was four hundred and eighteen
Now you know I'm a schmucks or that's why I couldn't understand if you like those three horses enough to better
Then you box him in the perfect and you better try
Fecta and then you have a box four horses in the trifecta
Easily could have the three six seven nine and it came out of three seven six with pavio was the third choice
And you got four two hundred bucks
And if you haven't played him at least five dollars to win exactly like my twenty to one shot in the second race
Would Jeff Gregory who's such a great trotting man and a horse look good
He was six to one in the morning line. They let him go off at twenty to one
There's nothing in the race and he comes weaving through traffic in the stretch
Comes flying to the outside and wins handling going away and pays forty five dollars
And I'm sitting there with four double tickets
Like a schmuck. We know what I do in something like that
I'll play that's the
Well, I did cover myself with Dick Turner, but not enough
I've had twenty bucks to win, but what does that he went off three to one right right?
I only got back eighty so I'm still getting back five six hundred dollars on a four dollar double
I get back eighty bucks
I'm out of about even for my investment in the first three races
I want to tell you how bad it was last night the first four races
Counting the double which I didn't cast the second race, but I had the winner on my ticket
So I've got three of the first four races, right?
At the end of four races I'm up one dollar
You know it's because I tell you what a good gambler I am
Up one dollar I got three winners one of which paid forty five dollars. I'm up a dollar
Sure, and then this al l'ambard l'abago comes over there bugging around
Oh, geez, and after we cast that ticket I kept going up there talking to him. Think. Can he knew something?
You're a fruit better. Oh very worst. I'm a good handicap or the worst better in the world
I'm a great handicap
I just wanted to ask you that because I just couldn't because I'm a schmuck and at least I'm honest about it
I'm a moron and I saw four hundred eighteen dollars. Yeah, and I get so mentally distraught
I mean the three seven nine is guaranteed of course they bet harming with that one horse off the board
He's a cheap piece of garbage. He was nowhere's right and that's me
Okay, Neil. Better luck next time. Yeah, okay
Hey, listen you people don't want to hear about our tough nights at the track. You don't care
You people all work your brains out and if you all work so hard how come you listen?
and pansies
126 at WIOD. Let's take a call from Fort Lauderdale
Hi, hi, Happy Birthday Neil. Thank you so much. I agree with you. You have a bunch of
Dennis down here at the F4 I just moved in here. Well, I can't all be live wires like you and me sir
Well, I'm a deadhead too. Well, that's what I meant
All that to sit in my apartment is my crack
I'm serious. Yeah, yeah, well crack this
26 after what a WIOD we have an open line and Broward 524. Let's try hi, Alia. Neil. Yes, sir. Happy birthday, buddy
Thank you, dude. Listen, were you at the game yesterday? I sure was. What do you think about Dauphin Jenny? Neil?
What do I think about him? Yeah, what do you think about no opinion? No opinion? No
You don't think the man seen his better days. I don't I mean you don't get any of that stuff
I'm not into the wave and I'm not into Dauphin Denny. I'm just I just go there and I watch the game and I'm into the game and I
You know, I get excited at the right times and I react like I understand what the game is about instead of forgetting into all this
spurious
Kind of sophomore a crap, you know
Kind of the sidelines, though. Yeah. I'm wondering what's going on in the field and I'm interested in the fights in the
Stands or the people who are pouring beer on their head. That's just not my bag
There were a couple good fights, too, Neil
Well, if you want to see that, I guess you could you know pay extra and go to the arena and watch the real fights
No, but I'm serious. I don't think the man the man couldn't motivate me to
Jesus. I don't know. Well, everybody lose it sooner or later just ask mr. Weaver. I mean
Mr. King. Yeah, I think maybe they should look into getting Sebastian. Maybe leasing him from the
Have you noticed when they play that at the stadium? It's like sped up. It's about 52 rpm
You know what I say? Yeah, that's all the dead heads maybe get a little more motivated
It sounds like the mouse get tears or something on speed. I don't know what it is
But it'll be a listen about your loud. I will say that it's real loud
Isn't it? Yeah, it is real loud man. Do they play those speakers loud at that stadium? I mean real loud
Everything there is loud loud and when Reneerie comes on with those damn glasses already
Give me a rest with that will you?
Jay
Hey me a listen about your car. Yeah, I saw one today at the UM campus
Same exact color. Are you serious? It was a convertible though. Oh, that's the count black top. It was that one
I saw it. It was at the 91. Yeah, brand new with the CR1 taillights
Uh, no, it was regular one. No, that's the 90 then. Was it the 90? Yeah. Yeah, uh, no, what you mean the round
The round taillights no, that's the squared like that CR1 taillights
Right, okay round is 90 or earlier right that color would have to be a 90. Well, that's okay. It's a nice try
Yeah, it was it was a black. I mean, they had a black top. Yeah, that's probably the one I saw
I saw it a couple of months ago. That's what inspired me to get this one. Oh, yeah down here in my amuseot
As somewhere. Yeah
Uh, anyway, you recognize the voice Neil. No. Oh, okay
It's super Dave Jr. Oh
You see I'm not that bad of a guy anyway after all honey. Well, whatever you say
Have a great life. Thank you Neil 129
At W. I. D. Why I like having that zoom to upset here. It did it picks it up. I mean you can hear the reverb just
Puking through that tube
It's great. Okay. I have several different reports on the mail by the way. Uh, who was it said that it was just Saturday's mail
Narvan, I think said that
And uh, hellsion keeps giving me six different stories
See that's what I mean about the mail here. You don't know what the hell's going on
I mean, I sure hope we can do better than that in the first weekend 1131 bucks for Camilla's house get those checks in the mail today
Let's have a gigantic week
I mean if we can do 10 or 15 grand the first week then the 100 grand should be a snap because we've got till January the 15th is our deadline
But we've got to have a big first week
Don't just sit around on your haunches waiting for everybody else to do it get those checkbooks out crack it out
What's the story
That was it
That was it
Oh, that is weak that is really weak. I think that is the worst start
We have ever had
pathetic
I
Mean usually you kick it off and that first weekend is like a big
Push a big thing of enthusiasm
1100 while they were probably saving all their money for breeder's crown friday night
And now that you made all those big winnings had the three dollar and 20 cent double
No more excuses now plunge it in here
Pembroke pines
Yeah, how you doing? This is Jeff over at bagel time Pembroke pines happy birthday. Thank you Jeff
My boss wants to invite you up for breakfast here tomorrow morning great. Well tell him good luck
You've been in here before you gave us a picture you and the bird yeah, you know Pat to catch you're in stock
Well, whatever you say I don't remember it for whatever you say anyway, what I want to ask you?
I'm from broth flow. You remember this truck named Don Brown's no you don't never heard of me
All one other thing you know you played at Miami Dauphin song. Yeah, can you play that bruffle song talking proud? Yeah
Oh
Go back to Buffalo is sticky rancid orchard park
Oh
oh
My
Western
D long this FAO the water Mike. That's
My
Kelly, you left his razor blade here, okay?
Somebody come and pick it up.
Miami gobbling, Miami gobbling,
Okay, through the clear.
Yes, through the Miami gobbling,
Miami gobbling, Miami gobbling,
Okay, now before Cheryl comes back,
the lunch, from lunch to lunch,
can we get somebody to put these on her desk?
Because I promised her there'd be like a whole bunch
of flowers here by the time she got back.
Anybody going to do it?
Okay.
The only there.
136 at WYOD, and boy, if you can get those open,
I bet those would be great.
Those beautiful part of your cigars
that Cheryl and Mitch gave me for my birthday.
Happy birthday, Cheryl.
Wait till you see all the flowers on your thing.
There what?
They're in front of her door.
Oh, she's got the door locked?
Well, the hell with her.
Plantation key.
How about a crowbar, might open those, huh?
Plantation key?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy birthday.
Thank you, sir.
Jay from the keys from New Jersey.
Yeah.
I have a friend and fourth lord of the automata
who listened to you on the radio.
Been doing it for two years.
I was paying my bills in my office here today.
Yeah.
My young son goes to my youngest son
goes to the school of the art and two to Chicago.
Great.
Three of us are going to take a trip out there
to watch a bull's game.
You give us a recommendation on a good restaurant to go out.
He lives on two, three West Lakes.
Well, I can't, I don't know addresses.
Go to Scousies, you like Italian?
Love it.
Scousies.
Scousies?
Yeah.
Okay.
Look it up.
Have a good day.
Okay.
Bye.
What is this?
Are we going to get started in Chicago intensive again
on my birthday?
First, first, one, one, five, two, three.
It could be there.
There it is on the very first, first, the round one.
It could touch the home under the air.
I want to wave love to you.
Okay.
Let's get baseball going again.
Okay.
138 at WIOD, we have Andy in the window standing like Rumpel Stiltskin jumping up and down
to making guttural sounds.
Boy, they're out of control today for a Monday.
What a week this is going to be.
And Rick and Sons, by the way, so you understand how nervous everybody is here, they're like
doing heavy, deep, breathing exercises in the corner in training because they have that big,
big stiff competition.
Stiff is the operative word this afternoon.
Mr. Contrad Controversy.
Woo, boy.
I can't wait.
We got Tom Jicca.
I want to say this.
I really mean this.
If the rumor about you Dell being on there is true.
That would possibly be.
There have been a lot of embarrassing things in the market like that.
But that would be the bottom when you have to go on somebody else's show to launch an attack
because you couldn't do it on your own show because the management is too spineless and paranoid.
That's really desperate.
When you have to go from 100,000 watt, classy FM to a four watt pop up toaster AMFTL.
Greg, don't do it.
When it comes to embarrassment, I guess he's used to it five days a week.
Let's go to Fort Lauderdale.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy birthday.
Thank you so much.
We enjoy your show very much.
Actually, the reason I'm calling is I go up by 95 back and forth between here and Jacksonville all the time.
Business.
Last week, worst news than the apathy on the sports down here.
Worst news.
30 to 40 percent of the cars with the plate.
Go back.
My days are the beard.
They're on their way down.
They're here.
The frogs are jumping.
Aftermarket, wheel covers, maps all over the dashboard.
55 miles an hour.
No, 55.
Boy, they must be speeding it up from last year.
Now, they were kind of the path.
35.
They're kind of between Daytona and the Cape.
So that means about a week from now, they'll be getting down here.
And every one of them will come here.
Every one of them is old and ugly.
I mean older and uglier than the next one.
Just, oh, god.
I'm poor both wearing their hands.
Don't they understand that those Canadian's are really kicking ass up there.
It's time to get back to the forum with Danny Gallivan and Frank Selkie Jr.
And they're looking at the maps, you know, and they're arguing back and forth around 98-95.
There's nowhere to get off.
I don't know what the hell they're arguing about.
Yeah.
Stick them in a highway and give them a map where the arrow pointed to do north.
I think I do need to figure that out.
What's got them all, all of a sudden.
Yeah.
If you look at the map, it says, I-95, right?
Yeah.
If you look at the signs of the side of the road, it says 65, and I think they're on the wrong road.
They think they're on the wrong road.
Hmm.
Okay.
All right.
Think about that.
Okay.
Neil, have a good one.
Good to talk to you.
Enjoy your show.
Have a great life.
Be good.
Oh, come on.
I will say this.
They've got a better national anthem than we do.
They're really doing.
How about those maple leaves?
Boy, they are really kicking ass.
They're on.
They are pathetic.
Pathetic would be an overstatement.
They are embarrassing and humiliating and just grotesque.
God.
Take that grand martian stick him in the desert and a puck in his mouth.
Man.
And that Gary Lehman sent him to Montreal.
Put him on a bus with the frogs and send the deer field beach.
Boy, foster hewitt would best just be shaking his head and his fist.
Hollywood.
This is Steve Kane for abortions or us.
Reminding everyone in the south Florida area, at least between sunrise and open park
bouvard.
Turn into my show on radio 1400 WFTL.
I paid for the beer.
142 at WIOD.
We have an opening and brow in his matter.
Fact 524.
I can't wait.
524.
9463.
It's going to be really exciting in those first 10 or 15 minutes.
And then the law will be, I think it will take about two and a half days in those people who are sampling.
After the first Michael de Sisto and Rick Ciderman and the year-end lady and the usual cast of a Reverend Rick Patterson and Peterson and then the other Rick, what was his name?
Rick Unic or whatever that guy's name.
After that, the law will be back fast.
Mobile on the star line.
Bill.
Happy Birthday.
Thank you.
How many years are you today?
86.
48.
I turned 43 today.
So we shared a second.
Well, happy birthday, sir.
I'm 48.
So you're just a young whipper, snapper.
Well, well, it all goes with the territory.
But glad to hear you're having a good day and take care of Scorpio tendencies.
Okay.
Thanks again.
Have a happy birthday.
Okay.
Thank you and take care of this.
143.
At WIOD, we have an open line on the star line.
Don't forget our big remote Wednesday at Specs.
You'll be able to come out and buy those cassettes, bring lots of money, buy some CDs and videos and a whole bunch of stuff.
And then we'll have a little table out front in Iliana.
It's going to be selling pedaling her wares.
She's going to be selling those t-shirts and our best of kneeled number three.
And a partridge in a pair of three.
And it's going to be great.
And hopefully we'll raise like tons of money.
But in the meantime, get those checks and those things in the mail.
I mean, if that's all the mail on our opening Monday, I am distraught on beside myself.
That's pathetic.
That is weak.
Man, 1131 bucks.
God, I lost more than that at Pompo just in the last two races.
Miami.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yeah.
Neil?
Yeah.
Hi.
This is Joe over Channel 4.
I just wanted to get your response on our coverage over at Pompo with Tony doing the show live on Friday night.
Well, if I would have seen it, I would have been great.
I didn't see Tony out there, is there?
Well, in fact, Tony and I had little chatty's looking great.
Well, I just wanted to give us a little take on here because, you know, no one, you see it?
I'm just kidding to say that no one really cares about the harness racing in town and we did our show out there.
And by the way, on Sports Final last night, we had Dion saying, coming up on Sports Final.
Well, you guys are really are doing it.
What can I say?
You are really doing it.
And you're going to have our little friend over there in a little while.
Little Bob Mayer, we got all the telephone books on the chair for him.
He's where I'll set to go.
Yeah, he's really excited.
He's going out, have a nice lunch.
And Rick Rally is going to sit on the floor so he doesn't kind of like tower over him.
It's going to feel right at home.
Yeah, Bob is doing a series on privacy, so it ought to be interesting.
Great.
Okay, you have a happy birthday, Neil.
All of us over here in Channel 4 will be always listening to you.
Okay, Joe.
Okay, give Bob Weaver a kiss on the wig for him.
Okay, see you.
Bye-bye.
145 at WIOD.
We have an open line at Dave.
751-9463.
We had a call from Dick Purtin today.
We had a call from Phil Saltsman.
We had a call from the famous Hank Goldberg.
By didn't pay for the beer.
And it was just been nonstop all day.
We got a bunch of flowers outside Cheryl's door on her desk in her seat in her drawers.
Palm Beach.
Hello, Neil.
I have a birthday wish from your friends at W.
Hi, Anne Z.
And Hal and Dale.
A happy birthday to you, Neil.
A happy birthday to you.
We pulled our funds and baked you a cake.
Piled high with icing.
Oh, sweet and creamy.
Please eat it all and lick the plate.
As your blood sugar rises, we hope you turn, man.
Ow!
By the way, Hank did not say for the beer.
Ow!
That Tim Williams boy, he got a sense of humor.
Unbelievable.
Tim, you're really doing it.
You're right on top of it.
And people are talking about it all over Carol's city, so get the hell on.
What a beautiful day.
Lay in pain for the beer.
Look at that.
The maple leaves are forfeiting.
They're turning.
They're leaving the ice.
The crowd is cheering.
They're getting to a fever pitch.
One.
What a sigh of relief.
There he goes.
Peter Inge said, your number one, he just took that golly glove off and
give a big salute to the fans on his way out of the garden.
Just tremendous.
West Miami.
Hello.
You'll be there.
You'll be gone.
Oh, here he is, ladies and gentlemen.
He still hasn't recovered.
He's still a very smart.
I thought that by the way, by the time the weekend was over, he would have recovered from a week ago.
He's still a Friday, but he's still just a coming apart of the scenes.
Kendall.
Oh, yeah.
Well, he thought, first of all, he had first time.
Yeah, I was waiting so long and was still asleep.
But anyways, happy birthday.
It's number one.
Number two, not to still on, say from Canada, same time, same day, same satellite channel.
It is.
Well, I'll be dang.
How come it's not in the book?
I don't know.
I guess you're not putting it in the book, but I found that out for you.
And number three, as fire reports from Steve, guess who his real guest really is.
Now, this is Tom Jicke.
Well, now Tom may be one of the guests, but the PS3's just on.
Yeah.
Gilbert Solomon.
I got news for you.
That's the greatest favor anybody could ever do us.
Okay, Steve, we thank you profusely more power to you.
I hope that you have a wonderful life together.
He can be.
He can desperate.
Yeah, you said it.
Okay, well, get a happy birthday.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Wow.
Boy, when you lose Gilbert, you're really slipping, huh?
Because he's pretty loyal.
Last week, thousands of fans received their horse owners packets and joined 610 WIOD at
Poppano Harness to cheer our adopted horse Christmas list.
Remember to activate your membership in the 610 WIOD Poppano Harness fan racing stable by
completing the registration card containing your horse owners packet and returning it to the track by December 17th.
And listen to my show every day to find out when our adopted horse is next scheduled a race.
Then make sure you use your horse owners' pants for free clubhouse admission and to record your attendance each and every time our adopted horse races.
You'll guarantee yourself a share of the winnings if you visit the track every time the adopted horse races throughout the season at Poppano Park.
Remember the name of our adopted horse Christmas list and make sure you complete your registration card and return it to Poppano Harness by December 17th and tune in to my show every day for information about the 610 WIOD Poppano Harness fan racing stable.
Poppano Harness easy to get to it's just west of I-95 in South of Atlantic Polo Harden in Poppano Beach.
And don't forget Great Harness Racing nightly Wednesday through Sunday night first post time 730 PM.
We'll get back to the reruns in a minute for the first to remind you to get on the horn and mail me your Camilla Sauce contribution.
For 20 bucks you'll get this year's Neil Rogers cassette and your money will go to a great cause.
Now back to the vest of Neil on 610 WIOD.
Hey, everybody.
It's Bruce, your fudge man.
Who's the first one to try one of my fudge?
Oh, there's a big white truck on the side of the road as he cracks the smile he says.
So first, first back yeah, yeah.
Then and down the verse, yeah, away.
Then we'll make it up right away.
Hurry for the fun.
Now the gut, baby.
Cherokee, now back to the spark we knew.
Push up, I-95.
I'll give you the fudge.
You can be your money for her and bring your rock and hunt funny.
So first back is a big white truck where you can weigh your laughter.
Fudge back baby.
I'm sorry, I couldn't have you waiting a lot.
Wait, let me take a bend over here a second.
Oh, sure, we have that.
Just come on around back.
I'll be having a third year of the E.S.
Fudge back, Fudge back, Fudge back.
Fudge back, Fudge back.
Fudge back, Fudge back.
No money here, have it for nothing honey.
154 at WIOD, Gloria is on one.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
Okay.
I made a mistake and came down.
I've very road to go to this game, Boulevard.
Yeah.
They're working on the railroad tracks.
You cannot get across it.
You're going to have to get off to go to your specs remote office.
And how on the Elbeach Boulevard and go to U.S.
want to go south.
You can't get across Ives Dury Road.
You can't cross the railroad tracks.
And Ives Dury Road and this game Boulevard.
How long is that going to go on?
Six years?
Usually a week.
Oh, geez, great.
You know, I'll let you know.
Through tomorrow we should have someone in the area or when?
Well, listen, is that a big deal though?
If they come across Hall and Dale Beach Boulevard and come south?
No, it's much better.
If they're coming from the south, they don't have to worry about it all together.
Exactly.
But if they're taking I-95, they don't get to go to Ives Dury Road.
Well, I appreciate it.
Because otherwise you're going to get in all that traffic on Dixie Highway and it's bumper to bumper.
Yeah.
I found that out the hard way today too.
Okay, thanks, Gloria.
All righty.
Appreciate it.
Bye-bye.
155 at WIOD in Mobile on the Starline.
How you doing now?
Okay.
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
I just came from the same area as she's talking about it.
Bedlam over there.
Oh, great.
Terrible.
Yeah, well, they probably knew we were coming here Wednesday to throw it all up.
Ah, you know how they are.
They all tied up over there anyway.
That's another reason to go out and vote three times tomorrow.
Absolutely.
Listen, the dolphin's song that you play, you know, is Miami Dolphin's song?
Yeah.
Is it possible can you buy that anywhere?
No.
Oh, my God.
Not that I know of.
I want to buy that on cassette.
I love it.
And I like the Canadian national anthem too.
Can you buy it?
No.
What do you mean can you buy it?
You have to go out.
What I said, can you buy it in a store?
Yeah, you can go out and buy a national anthem record that's got like eight
Julian national anthem's on it.
But you can't go in and just buy a record that's got the Canadian national anthem on it.
Okay.
What do you think this is Ottawa?
Oh, okay.
Sorry.
Over the rough riders.
Have a nice day.
Thank you.
Man.
North Dave.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
I just called to say wish you a happy birthday and I enjoy your show.
Thank you.
And I'd like to call back sometime and let you know that when I was on the, um,
in the Godfather area on set, now they were filming it.
I think you'd find it interesting.
Okay.
Okay.
Happy birthday and tell Bill Kolder.
We miss him.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
156 at WIOD.
Boy, the show is zipped along today, but the last seven or eight minutes have a feeling you're going to be like a lifetime.
Am I right?
I just have that feeling in my bones.
Lake Worth.
Lake Worth here.
Yes, sir.
Uh, as regards to your, uh, playing about 50,000 people missing at the stadium.
Yeah.
I called yesterday trying to get a couple of tickets for the Raiders game.
They offered me the end zone for a hundred.
Well, we're not talking about the Raiders games, sir.
That's not what we're talking about.
We're talking about yesterday's game, Phoenix.
I understand.
But you think that, uh, that, uh, that, uh, that, uh, that, uh, that they're so high on their prices.
Has something to do with that?
Well, they know because the seats that you're talking about are club seats.
There were plenty of like regular ordinary seats all over the stadium available yesterday.
Well, plenty, like almost 20,000 of them.
I understand that.
All right.
I stand corrected.
Okay.
Oh, man.
See, I just can't handle that.
I can't handle the excuses.
This is the toughest time to get through to people.
They just got a million excuses.
I realized the club seats, their prices exorbitant.
Okay.
And there are lots of other things.
The price is real hefty.
But let's face it, most of us waste more money in one day on crap than, uh, Jimmy Carter made in years.
Okay.
So let's stop the excuses.
All right.
Rather, have you just admit that you're cheap and you're lazy and you're a bunch of slime balls?
That would at least that would be honest.
Instead of all these damn excuses.
And boy, I'll tell you one thing.
If the thing with Camilla's house doesn't really pick up heavy duty this week, I'm going to be psychotic.
We set a goal of 100,000 guaranteed every Monday, every Monday without fail last year after the big weekend.
Because weekends are generally time when people are sitting home and sitting going out to the dolphin game and just staying, you know, hanging out.
That's the time when the big money comes in is on Monday.
Yeah, get on here.
And 1131 bucks, that's sorry.
That's a pretty piss poor start when we're trying to raise some serious money for a great cause.
Okay.
And we got 475 people in the programming office working their brains out on this project.
Okay. We used to do it with one or two, but now it's become so mammoth.
Hey, there he is. Chuck Meyer.
Nice. So that one five is still coming.
Here he comes. Chuck. He's coming right now.
I got it. I got it. Oh, you got to 6.5. No, I got the one five. Oh, here's the one back there, Chuck.
What a guy.
What an incredible. He still thinks the pirates are going to be in the world series.
What a surprise. He's going to wake up.
Anyway, get those checks in the mail. Johnny Darkle looks great.
Life is wonderful. Rick and Dutter coming along.
Next, stay tuned to 6.10. Don't mess around with any of those pop-up toast.
Well, give it a try for two, three minutes. You'll be back before you can say ponderous.
Music
