Music
News Talk Radio 610WID presents The Neil Rogers Show.
Get in touch and talk with Neil.
Dial 751WID from day in Broward at 524WID.
Palm Beach 655WID.
And Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD.
The opinions expressed by the guest host are not necessarily those of this station.
Now here's Neil Rogers, a News Talk Radio 610WID.
When the big tournament monies on the line, professional women choose macho tennis ball.
Macho.
We give women the balls to win.
Well, we could use some last night.
I'll tell you that, but they can't win them all, you know.
We're going to be negative today.
We're going to start bitching and carrying on.
You bet.
You bet.
Because this is Miami, man.
Let's grumble and bitch and gripe like hell.
Sammy, you suck.
Sammy couldn't play for Piper high.
That's how bad he sucks, okay?
But we didn't deserve to win last night.
We played poorly.
It was a nail-biter right down to the bitter end there.
It was a brutal and amazing part of it.
It was poorly as we played.
But for one second running out on the play clock, we would've could've won the game 14 to 13.
When I'm sitting there and I'm watching that play clock running out and I'm screaming at burrito, come on, come on!
Everybody's getting excited because he threw that touchdown pass to Dupur.
I knew it wasn't going to count the flag that was sitting there on the ground.
We lost, okay?
We lost, so we're eight and two.
Sue us, all right?
But it was okay.
It was an interesting evening.
We had the boy.
There's so much we could talk about.
First of all, I get there about 20 to 7.
Fat Rich is waiting at gate 4.
Okay? He's waiting there directing traffic.
This man, I'm going to tell you, if you ever need, you could get into the White House with his car.
Okay? You could get into the CIA, the Pentagon, into Fort Knox.
Just take him along.
He will get you in.
Believe me.
This man has got more BS than Carter's got pills.
It's just mind boggling.
Then we go over to the tailgate party where we are hoping that people are buying up like crazy.
The t-shirts and the tapes.
Guess what?
Surprise!
Can't sell them.
And I could get hysterical and go nuts over that.
But quite frankly, it was our fault, not the dolphin management because they required those things to be clear to us.
I had a head of time and all I did was sit here and talk about it on the year for four hours yesterday.
You would have thought, didn't I keep begging some people in programming there to kind of take the ball and run with it and get this thing organized?
Well, that never happens here.
And then of course they always, well, we didn't know anything was going on.
We don't listen.
Well, that's obvious.
But nobody bothered to call over there and get clearance for it.
And they said they'd be delighted to let us do it at a future game.
But these things have to be clear in advance.
So I wasn't going to pitch a fit as they say and have an nervous breakdown.
Have another stroke there without at least seeing the game first.
Now, in the meantime, I've assumed that we're going to be down there right until almost kickoff time.
So I gave away my passes to our sky box.
But Fat Rich says no problem.
No problem at all.
Come along with me.
And he gets this man.
I'm telling you, the man is unbelievable.
Just amazing.
I'm not going to say who conspired to get us in there.
But we got up there.
Met Rabbi Platkin, whatever the hell his name is.
With his portable Yarmulka, the way the pie's got to pop up your amulka.
They like pops up and flips back down.
A man is a real piece of work.
And a Jeff from Pizza Loft was there.
Jeff, you're a great guy.
But you know, Jeff bought these, you know how on day games they have these planes that fly those trailers with all the ads and so on.
Well, on the night games, of course, you can't see those.
So they have a plane that's got like a sign, like a neon sign on the bottom of it.
And it flies round and round.
Try not to hit the good ear blimp.
Well, anyway, Jeff bought a whole bunch of those things for Pizza Loft and WI would et cetera.
And so the only problem is you couldn't read it because you'd have, I kept, well, I stopped after a while.
But as that plane is flying over with the various messages, you'd have to go out on the field and lie down physically like on a 50-yard line and look straight up in the air to read it.
Okay.
So Channel 6 was a coup, Jeff.
This one I wouldn't get to, I wouldn't hold my breath to see all the doll fans start lining up at the door for lunch today.
Okay.
Could you couldn't read it?
And it was, oh, I got a lot of that.
I don't know whether to say them or not.
I really don't because I know what, well, I will.
No, seriously, one of the reasons I don't go to a lot of games or concerts or things like that is because a lot of people make me puke.
Okay, I can't stand the way a lot of people behave.
And there is this young lady, the school teacher that sits in it and I got these great seats thanks to Fettrich right there.
And I did pay for them by the way, right on the 50-yard line.
The school teacher that sits exactly right to my right.
She never sits down.
She is the most hyper-jap I have ever seen in my life, never shuts up.
And she's not, see, it's one thing you go to a game and get enthusiastic at the right moments, which there weren't too many last night.
That great drive at the end of the first half was sensational.
And, you know, Schwede's made a great catch, Marino Platt.
I got to say this, Jim Jensen played one hell of a game last night, okay?
He really did.
Not too many of our guys did.
The defense, everybody's going to say played great, but that was only inside the 15-yard line.
But between their 15 and our 15, it was like, hey, give the ball to bowl, give the ball to Marcus Allen.
They got like 5, 10, 15, 20 yards of crack.
And a pass rush, where was that?
There was no pass rush.
J. Schrader, who quite frankly, I got to be honest, is not exactly going to be the next Dan Marino.
He's not that great.
And he had all day to stand back there and throw it.
No pass rush whatsoever.
And we still could have won the game.
That's the amazing part of it.
We still were like within a hair of pulling that sucker out.
If that offense ever decided to play well one day, got only knows what we could do, okay?
But anyway, well, we'll get into that in a second.
We got to do a break.
I want to talk a little bit about some of the people in the crowd, some of the really negative people.
Boy, there's one guy up there.
And I know I take my life in my hands as far as ever sitting in no seats again when I rip into him.
But I don't like going to a game where if you're a fan of the team, all you hear is negatives, the entire game.
Before the play even starts, oh, Marino's going to throw in here so you can just feel it.
He's doing a throwing interception now.
Oh, Sammy's going to cough it up.
You just know it's going to, I mean, the heavy play, heavy play.
Okay. So we stuck but right into all right.
How many people would have thought we were going to be eating two at the beginning of the season?
Nobody, nobody in the world.
Two and eight, maybe not eight and two, but so many negative, negative, sour people.
Gee, anyway, getting back to this total experience last night.
So many things I want to talk about, including the security inside your Robbie Stadium.
You people would have been great in Nazi Germany, man.
I'll tell you, in fact, the stadium ought to be in Broward.
It's just inside the Dade County line.
Should be in Broward.
Sheriff Nick would be proud.
Utah, I know they got to have security.
I know they don't want to let every schlepper in there, but they are rude and brutal and nasty.
Nasty.
And we're trying to go down from the sky box down to the seats on the elevator.
Okay?
Have no intention to come in back up because I figured there's going to be a mob scene for this game last night.
And who the hell, you know, the halftime isn't that long anyway.
And how about that in vocation?
How, when are they going to stop that at sporting events?
When are they going to cut that crap out?
We had last night, not one national anthem.
The Bethun Cookman band was there and they played some music and then they played the national anthem about 29.
Five to nine, Ron St. John says, and now here's Mark Dupers or no Mark Clayton's brother is singing the national anthem again.
Again, we're singing and that was right after this invocation with all the religious stuff and the this and the that.
When is that going to stop?
Okay, if you want to go to church on Sunday, you want to go to show on Friday night or Saturday, fine, go ahead, have a great time.
Okay?
But don't inflict it on everybody.
It just doesn't belong in public any more than it would have had like a sex or a G on the 50-yard line at halftime.
Although that might have been interesting.
So anyway, there's this a jappy little broad, the school teacher who's jumping up and down and she's making all these noises at the she does this every game at the wrong time.
There's nothing going on and she's got her little orange thing that they give you the little pom-pom and she's like somebody is goosing her.
She's on doggy uppers or something.
She never stops.
And last night she's got this nerdy boyfriend or whoever was with her and it's the first quarter.
I'm smoking one of these very mild cigars, mind to my own business, getting into the game and he standing up a course.
They're always standing up.
He kind of leans over.
Sir, could you put that cigar out? It's making me nauseous.
Yeah.
And boy, I'm telling you, yeah, right.
I felt like saying to you, you are really making me nauseous. Could you get the halada here? Let me enjoy the goddamn game, asshole.
But I threw the cigar down because I'm just a wonderful guy. Okay, I'm not looking for a problem.
Then this other guy, Mr. Movies, Mr. Video, who, and again, I'm very grateful.
Because of this guy, we've been able to get these tickets and the fair rich has got me in there, the best seats in the house.
But I'm sorry. I just can't deal with people of the whole game are gripping and I mean, bitch about it when there's a bad play and there was plenty to bitch about.
But not just even before the play starts.
Oh, I know Maria's going to throw an interception out. You can just feel it coming.
I could feel you coming a mile away. You're so damn negative. You're everything that's wrong with this town.
Man, if we had the Tampa Bay Bucks here, there wouldn't have been 20,000 people in that stadium last night.
It's pathetic. So we lost the game.
They have no, again, I shouldn't say they, there's about 50,000 a core of real doll fans in this town, 50,000.
I've said that for years and I stick by it. I believe that as sure as I'm sitting here, there's a hardcore of real 50,000 fans.
And the rest are just front runners, Johnny cum latelies, grousers, grippers, douchebags.
My friend Davies with me at the game there last night. He hates the dolphins like poison.
I said to him after the game. I said, why do you even come to these games? Why do you come here? You hate the dolphins like poison.
Luckily, he sits there real quiet because he knows if he opens a mouth, I'm going to give him a dirty look, kick him in the teeth, okay?
But I don't understand it.
But Sammy, I want to say this to you. The difference between, I realized that the Raiders played a great defensive game.
They were blowing us off the ball. Marino in the first 25 minutes of the game. He couldn't move, man. They were in on him like stink on Debbie Ellis.
But a great running back makes his own place, okay? See the difference in the speed between a bow jacks and every, every one of those sweeps, man.
He got outside 15, 20 yards, 12 yards. Sammy, man, he's standing. He's kind of like thinking about it. He got to kind of think about it for a while. He's slow, he's indecisive, he stinks.
And that's why without Tony Page and Mark Logan last night we had no running game at all. Marino had the big running play of the game, Mr. Statue, to his credit.
Scramble diving for the ground, please don't touch me. I'm going to fall apart. And that was our big running play of the whole night.
Or was it 12 yards and 14 carries? What a rushing offense. What a one on the salt. But we lost the game and life goes on. Okay, we're eight and two and everybody should be happy about it, but I'm sure they'll be grumbling and growling.
And the things I'm grumbling and grousing about myself have nothing to do with the fact we lost the game. I mean, at disappointing, we could have won it. We lost.
But, man, people are just a beautiful, they really are. They're just incredible. Next season, I'm getting me some of those club seats.
I think of you by season seats, they're like 60 bucks a piece. They have waitresses that come bring you food. It's air conditioned for those hot Sundays. It's great.
Let there be light and roll. There was light from the same people who brought you the much beloved talking Bible comes a new 10 volume set brilliantly updated for the 80s.
Yes, it's the wrapping by balls. There was dark everywhere than the man said. Light and the night was there. He said, I've done good. There's no doubt.
On the seventh day, he just chill out. Genesis. Genesis. Beginning of that. Beginning of this. Finally, the good book.
And his word is nothing. Check it out. There's a town called Sodom and tomorrow. Everybody's like no tomorrow. God looks down. Now my fault. Don't look back or you turn to song. That's why took a beat. Start at the freak. The cow came up and lit the cheek. Take a lick, y'all.
Imagine all the song, all the parables, every sacred biblical word interpreted by the finest sucker MCs of all time. Genesis.
Genesis.
The wrapping Bible. Making his word fresh again.
1027. At W.I.D. Well, here's some good news. Here's our good friend, Stanford Blair, the chief of police of the North Bay Village Police Department.
And they just sent over as he did last year. Nice check for $100 for Camilla Sous. Thank you so much, chief. You're okay in our book. Okay. One thing about these North Bay Village police, man.
Never going to get any flack from us about them. They're good folks so far. Anyway, 1028. And one of the other things as long as I'm getting it all off my chest that really.
Because like I said, don't let's be negative. Now seriously, just drove me nuts last night. You know they have the big scoreboards there at your Robbie Stadium and there's all these ads.
And one great thing they did by the way, and I don't know if I had anything to do with it or a lot of other people complained, but the last game.
Man, oh man, the Phoenix game they had the audio in there so loud that it was bursting your eardrums. Last night it was perfect. It was, you know, still plenty loud but not.
Definitely it was just perfect. But anyway, so we now have not only the coast spots that show up now and then although thankfully not as often as they were before, but now the new WIOD spots. Yeah.
Well, oh man. It's it. And again, I don't I'm not. I guess having a stroke was a real good thing for me because ordinarily I would just go nuts on some of these things like getting their last night fighting out.
We can't sell a shirt to the tapes. Hey, you know, it's a bad break, but I'm not going to throw a fit and get sick over what can I do? Mark.
Why? Where did that come from? Hello? Hello? How did you get on? Well, they they told me to wait. How did that happen? I never put what you're pointing at me. I never put. I'm not anywhere near the buttons there. You came on like by magic.
Wasn't that something absolutely fascinating? Is that all the whole thing? And I'm, you know, I'm one of your douche bags. Right. That egg of that age. And therefore I was just a moment.
By the way, I did the reason I call was when I heard the way you spoke about the dolphins. I was really so impressed because I heard Mr. Mandage and Joe talk after the show. Yeah, what do they have to say? And they well, they know me. I mean, I just I never call on the show because I'm too. I don't like. Yeah, well, what do they have to say?
But they they spoke about it the way you said that other people talk about it really that aren't for the dolphins. Yeah, exactly.
I'm not sure exactly. I run a spare weather fans and this one guy up there, the whole I'm telling you there wasn't a single play in the entire game for like, you know, two and a half hours. There wasn't one play when we had the ball that he wasn't predicting gloom and doom.
It's who the hell wants to hear that for two and a half, three hours every before you know, and I played a good game. What the hell did you want? You got to give the guy some time to throw the ball. He played a good game under the circumcises. Right.
And also, you know, when you think you're Mr. Mandage last at me when I said, well, think of the score 13 to 10. In other words, our team did not allow them to score one point more. Of course, the other did the same.
They were actually equal rivals except that Marie no had patched up team. Yeah, yeah, that hurt. That hurt. Well, they outplay this.
We didn't deserve to win the game, but it was one game. You know, it's not the end of the world. But when I admire about you, I want to talk about you. First of all, you are not like Steve K used to be. He drives me crazy. He made enemies in this town for for the team and then he formed his own team.
And those type of personalities are very harmful. Well, he's another one of those wishy-washy people. I mean, one time he would say, I don't care who wins a lot because I got a bet on the game as long as I cast a bet. Now all of a sudden he pretends he's a dolphin fan. I mean, he's just the Mr. Wishy-washy-wash whichever way the wind is blowing that's which way the urin lady tilts her glass.
I'm for personal personality for the community. You bet poison and you are absolutely right. You should. I'm a person. I take it back. I'm going to participate in the invocation from Noah. I want you to take care of your health because ever since you were had that trouble and I always knew that you were going to get it because you were getting colaric. Yes, I only hope that Mr. Goldberg will also take care of him.
So because he has a tendency to get colaric. Yeah, and that is the reason he has colaras a matter of fact. Nothing is worth it. They don't come any better than Anglabur. No, he's my he's one of my heroes. He's a sweetheart. He really is. He's a father. I hope he talks about more than just sports because we don't need five hours of sports talk. You don't think Joseph Gackie kind of like us sneak this all in so we could do five hours of sports talk every night. Do you know he wouldn't do that. Well, listen, have a great day. Yes. And by the way, thank you.
Thanks for a great father. Who Mr. Goldberg father. He raced in the great journalist. Yes, that's correct. Yes. Have a great day. You too. Okay. Bye. See you. Wow. That happened by accident. Anyways, I started to say the IOD spots on the scoreboard was that about a half hour ago. I was mentioning that.
I'm not going to throw a fit because I know which side this radio station is buttered on. I mean, you know, people tune in the morning only because they want to hear the news. They couldn't care if Mike Reneere is there. They tune in midday because they want to hear the traffic. All we don't have any traffic reports. Thank God in midday. Not because near Roger's on and they certainly don't want to get a hit.
I mean, you're Rick and suds in the afternoon. They want to hear Bob Soap or on tape reading the weather that he recorded eight hours ago. You know what I love is when he wants in a while. A cart will miss fire. It'll start in the middle of the cloudy and the mile today with a like in the middle of a word, you know, like the people are so stupid. They don't realize that so far is taking an app because you got to go to the news on Channel seven. I mean, you're a great guy, Bob, but let's face it. They could bring somebody off the street and to read the same thing off off of the weather wire.
Right? But that's the world in which we live, boys and girls. So anyway, that hundred dollar check gets us to 32,000, 257. We haven't even had a mail coming yet.
Overpay. I'm so overpay in my hair. I wear black for me.
I'm so rich. Now I'm 46. My fans are leisure suited.
I'm the king of this Vegas thing. I just sing and twirl like a girl. This is it. My big head.
Lots of flesh pays me lots of cash. Though I wear this lazy mustache. All this fame. Yes, I can't complain. Vegas pays me down. Makes me go down to shame.
Don't say. Don't say. From your friend way. Don't say.
I saw Hank before the game last night. He promises me that I've embarrassed him into not having ever way newt not a show. So give me credit for that.
I can't take credit for anything else he does, but he will not have way in on the show ever. So he says maybe when I'm a vacation, I'll slip him in there.
I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show.
I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go
to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I
'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to
the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm
going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the show. I'm going to go to the
shown event. Col Reach later. Colället figures. They are only. Anew like a posh like that. volte like
and have a great life together.
20 years he's lived here.
See, that's what's wrong with this town.
That makes me sick. That makes me puke.
Just like when I hear certain people
I don't want to mention their names talking about the Browns.
I was a Browns fan from a little kid,
all because in upstate New York,
we didn't have a team.
Of course, the only pro team we ever had big league
was the Rochester Royals long since the disease.
They moved to Cincinnati. They disappeared.
So your teams that you picked,
depending on who you got on TV, radio,
who you could follow.
We used to get the giants and the Browns,
all their games on television and Rochester.
And I happened to pick the Browns.
And of course, that was easy,
because those were the days we had Jimmy Brown and Bobby Mitchell,
great dynasty, okay, great teams.
I love the Browns, all my life, okay?
But when you come here like nine or ten years ago,
I gave up on it because I live here now, okay?
You have to let go sooner or later.
And not only that, I hope that when we go up there
and that Godforsaken toilet on Lake Erie next week,
I hope we score 400 points in the first quarter.
I hope we put Bernie Kossar's head where his ass is.
Although quite frankly, I'm not sure there's a difference,
because he makes me sick.
He throws like my grandma and she's been dead for 20 years.
He throws side saddle.
He's from the Rock Hudson School of Quarterbacking.
Only he can't act.
How do you like that, pal?
Go back to Oakland and stick your head in the bridge, okay?
Get out there on the bridge and we'll let you know
when the next earthquake's going to be you jackass.
You make me sick.
And all the people in this town like you make me want a puke.
Oh, I'm a giant fan. How long you lived here?
32 years. I'm an Oakland fan. How long you been Oakland?
They ought to go back to Oakland, okay?
They don't even want them.
Cheers.
I mean, it's one thing to be a gracious loser.
How about being a gracious winner?
You're like a little child, you jackass.
And like I said, you ever see Ken Stabler and Rick Weaver together?
Never.
Just check out that hairdo, baby.
He's still up there calling the fourth quarter, by the way.
Somebody telling the game is over. Come on, Rick, cut it out.
While he's upset, I didn't hear it myself, but I heard it.
I shouldn't attack him. He's an old man.
But the bottom line is, I rumored because a lot of people
were listening on their headsets that would like two and a half minutes to go,
two 40, something to go in the game, Marares had the ball.
And he said they had just announced the attendance is largest crowd ever at
Jorabi Stadium, 70,000 some odd.
And he said it's the largest crowd ever to see the dolphins lose.
He didn't really say that, did he?
Because we had like, when we got the ball back and we had a damn good chance,
we were going to either win it or at least get a chance for his two-and-a-betch to tie it.
He didn't really say that with almost three minutes left in the game.
Did he? I hope.
Oh, geez, Rick.
Anyway, it's 1057. Send him to Oakland.
They don't even have a team there anymore.
Cutler Ridge.
Hello.
Yes, sir. Am I getting emotional or what?
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Great. Oh, listen, Rick.
Oh, come. Cool.
Come and cool.
And collect.
Oh, you sound pretty mean today.
Well, listen, tell that raiders fan to go to hell because he didn't know what he's talking about.
So I just did. Just for five minutes tell him to go to hell.
Yeah, I was laughing here on the phone. Couldn't take it.
Listen, uh.
Make sure we get to play the Green Bay Packers this season.
Yeah, even though the raiders played so well, the dolphins played terrible.
Yeah.
How they were in a position to win it.
Well, I'll be honest with you.
Our offense hasn't exactly set the world on fire this year.
We have no running game.
None. And with the Sammy Cure.
I mean, Sammy sucks.
I'm not. I am not going to apologize for saying that.
He stinks. He is bad.
You know, he's got a couple of lashes of brilliance.
But, huh? Logan's going to play. Right?
Yeah. Well, every time we ran to ball last night, we lost four yards.
Yeah.
So I think they had 14 yards rushing the whole game.
And Marino had, uh, had them all.
He did. He had a 14 yard from the 30 to the 16.
He had that desperation run. It was great for that was our big play on the ground.
Yeah. It was, it was really going.
At that time when they scored that touchdown, I was right in the end zone.
Yeah. Well, I had the feeling the whole game that we still were going to pull it out.
Because I remember that Jets game and I, you know, you just had the feeling we were going to do it.
And it just didn't matter.
And even on the last play there, uh, uh, uh, Stratford just missed.
That would have been a first down. He was on the 3080 just if he'd have been like a yard back up the field.
He'd have had that baby. So we, you're going to give it a shot.
Yeah. You were talking about the guards that there were like Nazis.
Yeah. I was there. We were in the end zone.
Oh, I were in the family zone. But, um, we took some beach ball.
We were bouncing it around and the guard took it from us and he popped it.
Nice guy. Hey, did you can't use that here? Yeah. Right.
I don't know what I'm talking about. You ought to see these security people.
You know, when you go to get in the sky boxes of the club section, I'm to, they're not just, uh, Gestapo.
So they're rude. They are downright rude and nasty. And there's no excuse for it.
Yeah. Well, you should have that radar fan. If he was a radar fan before they started winning.
See what he's got to say. That's why there's so many 49er fans.
Yeah. Put them on a plane and don't put any gas in it, right?
Well, I'll tell you what. I'll be at the Philadelphia game no matter if they lose the next two weeks in a row.
Okay. He's back and he's stalking a psycho who wants to make the Chicago Cubs pennant contenders.
Clint Eastwood is dirty. Harry. Harry.
How everybody. This is Harry. Harry was Steve Stahl and the cops are getting this beat out of them today.
Clint Eastwood gives a Hall of Fame performance as the legendary Cubs broadcaster. There's action.
The pitch strike is the. He's through that. All right. Pass clogs suspense.
If it's my thing, if it could be, it is a. No ride.
Romance. Oh, look at that. It's on that broad Steve. Only cows.
Clint Eastwood is dirty. Harry.
Coming to a theater near you. That really.
Frost my ass a little bit. Frost this here. It's a level of six in W.I.O.D.
Henry is so emotional today after having missed another game last night that he went like 12 seconds over on the news.
Henry never ever goes over on the news. Can you believe that?
I didn't even have the cart ready because I never get it out friend. He's always like Mr. Perfect.
He and Chuck Meyer, man. They're like could be at the network like right on time.
They might fumble around the news a little bit, but boy, they sure get out on time.
Another great. They really are because this is your news weather recorded weather and.
Traffic station. We do have, by the way, a line. We do have traffic. I forgot about it.
It's easy to forget. We hear about those brush fires. The big stuff going on every hour during the news. Right?
You bet 1107 at W I O D. Boy, I'm ready today. I don't know what it is.
Must be this nice little nip in the air is something you bet. We're ready to do it.
We're ready for a little lunch, too, today boy. We're ready to do it.
Now what is this? This is from Channel 7. Wow. And it's sealed so tight.
Look at this. Gonna have to see IA is gonna have to open this with like a special instrument.
Look at that. There's two candles inside. Wow. Unbelievable.
Ed Hansen has delivered us a check for $1,000 from Channel 7. Ed, you're a great American.
I take it all back. Rick Sanchez can sing.
Oh, that's a minute. Wait a second.
Oh, oh.
Like I said, I take it all back. Rick Sanchez can sing the National Anthem anytime at our game.
You're doing it, Ed. Thank you so much. Boy, that's great. Ed Hansen at Channel 7 sends a grand.
So we're now at 33,257. Thank you, Ed. You're okay. I'm gonna start watching that news briefly.
Oh, boy, even I couldn't say that with a straight face. We have an open line in Broward. 524.
WIOD. Well, that should really spur some other people on here. Okay.
Last Thursday I put in my grand. This today, Ed Hansen puts in a grand.
Let's get some of these other hot shots going now. Some of these big broadcast maven.
Some of these multi-millionaires with their yachts and their boats and their planes and their corvettes and their porches.
Here's a mobile on the star line. Yes, Neil. Yes.
On Park right underneath the WFTL antenna. There's this guy climbing up the antenna.
I think he looks like Bob Gordon. Now, he's pulling something out of his pocket.
It looks like a roll of Reynolds aluminum foil. Yeah.
And my guy is not pulling something out of his pants. No, no. Now, he's wrapping this foil around the antenna.
I think he wants... He should know that that's for better reception, not transmission when you put an aluminum foil on the antenna.
This is incredible. Well, let me see if we can... I got my... You remember that jukebox radio that they sent that won't cross-lead jukebox?
Let me see if we can pick up a F2. There it is.
That's the picture. Put sound down here. Okay. A little more on the right side, Bobby.
Load up that tin foil like on the right... Android on the right, Noid.
I have a pair of rapidiers he can borrow. Yeah. He's got a pair of rapidiers too. That's why they keep him in the studio.
That station... That is an incredible station. Yes, sir. I love that smile.
You know, what I love most about that station is the recorded spots where Gordon does with that kind of old 40-shout.
And he'll start out... We used to years ago in a business and he'll read like 20 seconds of copy.
And then that Glen Miller music kind of fades up in the background.
Bum, bum, bum. Oh, it just... It sends me, man. I go nuts.
I get goosebumps when I hear it. Let me try... This one more time.
You know, it means the only public... Oh, yeah. I love that. Oh, yeah. A little higher frequency, please.
But the only publicity they get is when you... We speak about them.
Well, I don't. So have a nice day.
1129 at WIOD. We have an open line on the Star Line. Star IOD.
I tell you, we sure get a lot of publicity here. All us big personalities are high-paid hot shots at WIOD.
So, let's see your news, weather, and traffic station.
That's the only reason anybody listened to this station. News, weather, and traffic.
Screwed micronary and Neil Rogers and Rick and Putt.
I don't know why they're putting a hang-on at night. Nobody wants your hang-they just want to hear news, weather, and that damn traffic.
Right? Let's crank it. Let's put your brand-in on all day, every day.
And that Mr. Personality, Tom Roberts, boy, he does it for me. Man!
When he comes on a Rick and Sud show, that's when I start paying attention.
To where the buttons are so I can punch it out for a minute.
I'm standing in the back, roll, clumping on the seat. The smoke is just a blow and wall. The captain knows his gig.
I'm getting a lot of looks from the blue-haz-cake, when drew.
Because everybody knows that smoke can ain't allowed in too.
I'm smoking in the big room. Yeah, I'm smoking in the big room.
Right, but don't you take away all of my calls. Cause everybody knows that smoke can ain't allowed in too.
I can't wait to put your brand in.
I can't wait to put your brand in my list.
I thought that little beanie on your head was an ass tray
Oh crap
Geez I just put a cigarette burn in my talus
Right by pocket with the pop-up beanie last night. He was really incredible. By the way, Maria. Thank you for your thanks
Giving card and that said I know people sent Thanksgiving cards. Do they?
Yeah, Maria does
Sunrise hello Neil. Yes, sir. I'll first time caller great
Two things our first of all I got a Steve King spy report. I
Was here
Transparency
I knew the transfer. Yeah, about 530 and I churned it on to see if it would come in yeah, and
He must be really getting desperate there. He was doing a poll on whether WFTL plays two-winched sonotra music
Oh
Man any heavy duty on there and they're all yelling and screaming at him because he hated Sunatra and then Mike Roberts came in and
So you can do your poll, but we're still gonna play the Sunati music and then he sang a Sunatra song
Well, Mike Roberts and the Sunatra song he sang it or he played it. He sang it. Oh wow man almost had a
He's trying to compete with Rick Sanchez I think I think so and also last night
Old Frank Giverd. I'm always watching waiting to see I know how he sticks one foot in his mouth
But see him put the other one in he's talking about Dexter Manley being reinstated by the NFL
Yeah, and he said new England gets the first crack at him
Remember Dexter was in out of the NFL
That's bad. I is really tacky. I don't think that he knew he did it
Yeah, but that's frank for you. Yeah
Well, that's all for today. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks a lot boy that Frank Sinatra man. I've had enough of him
There's only one Frank Sinatra and now Kravko introduces his latest live album perfectly Frank
This one goes out to that crazy Irish broad shine head O'Connor
She gets stranger every night
She's taking chances as our anthem fights. I got the answer
Send the broad back home
Maybe she'll change her too old blue eyes tells it like it is
Go back where you belong. He's the chairman of the board and you will be too when you hear perfectly Frank
She shapes her head
each morning
And she don't even think that the star Spangled Banner to drink
Stink career, but desert
Don't give her a man if Frank Sinatra live livid and perfectly flat. I think the lady
Today, baby no one compares to you
Thank God over yet hang Goldberg debuts tonight on W. I. O. D. A. to love going to be taking a poll on Wayne Newton
We don't come any better than Larry King
Well that cart's starting to like self-destructing. Oh, it's an old man of Hank
Miami
This is fit cap to sell it ready
You know the middle of the track that's bucks cancer
Cap to sweet lane secretary champ picking up the rear as they come on
Ready
I dropped the ball again. He's getting worse than Sammy
157 W. I. O. D. Yeah, I want to talk to you. You're a news weather in traffic station
Hold on. Okay, let's go to a coconut grove
You're a news weather traffic. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Okay, let's do hello. Hello. Yeah. Yes
Neil yes
Hello, hello
Yes, Neil. I used to listen to you back when you were on Zeta. Yeah, those were the days, huh? Oh, yeah
You know, it's one thing I do enjoy about you now. You see more awake
New well who the hell wants to get up at 4.30 in the stick in morning, right? Right
Neil wakes me up in the morning
Neil wakes me up in the morning
Oh, we listen to this richly you what we worked in a I worked in a place called dolly fair in a gable you listen rigidly
No, we are
Not rigidly yes
Wow, that's pretty interesting. I'll tell me something Neil. Sure. Whatever you want. I beg your pardon
What happened to the captain and the bird?
Captain is doing mornings on gloves 94 Dave Caprito great American crappy station with lousy jazz music and the bird is playing
Montevati at the a one-lickers store in Lakeland
Is this sure that do you remember a big Wilson? Yes, sir. Is he passed on? Yes, sir
You know, I just heard this yesterday
I was I was I yesterday. Yeah, well guess what president Lincoln's got a headache
And George Washington's try to get those damn teeth filed down
Reason why I was saying is because I used to play in an act called peaches and herb. Yeah. Are you cereal?
Yeah, I'm seeing peaches and herb the real one
I play with peaches in her reunite and a
United and oh there I go again doing a little Steve Cain singing Frank Sinatra and peaches and herb
He emcee to show at the reality. That's what Henry wants. Are you a needy? What no?
He emcee to show for a while. He's gone to that big microphone in the sky
Yeah, well, I'm kind of sorry about your dolphins
Well better luck next week man up there in Cleveland. We'll knock him right into Lake Uri with a thing on her head
Have a great day, sir. You're great. I'm glad you're taking care of my army. Okay. All right. See you
Huh take care of this Elaine. Oh my getting choked up. I'm gonna blow some cigar smoking at teachers face again. Next week
You know retirement just wasn't my style, so I began working nights down here
So janitor in the solar office building
Just to keep busy I guess because a
Paysbowman will wait but
Okay, there's the big cheese now. How you doing tonight? Hey, we're gonna go later again. I do and you have it a pretty tough night
Yeah
Good night. Night. Yeah, you're gonna watch it. Gonna watch the game tonight. Yeah, I'm in across the street free pizza beer night over there
I'm pretty tough day. I thought I just don't watch the game with the fellows over at the bar. Oh, yeah
Well, I'm just gonna listen to it on this old radio here to antenna kind of shaking
I'm thinking a big screen color TV over there. It's best picture-over scene. Yeah, big screen color. Great picture
I heard it is. Well, I'd sure like to be there when you know I got all my work down it. Oh really?
You're all done. Yeah, you suppose maybe I could well, I'll tell you what
Maybe I can I got my BMW in the garage. I got a blop-pood Nick radio and there I can pick up the you can drive me anything
No, no, I'll tell you I'll give my car keys. Why don't you clean out my car? I got a wicked stand in the back seat
Yeah, I've got some of those trying to clean it up with Simonize it
I'll be back in about two hours and I'll maybe I'll bring a piece of pizza, okay dad
Well dad listen, thanks a lot of here my keys and be careful with the screws the car and I'll be back in about two hours
Yeah, I got a lot of work. You're not gonna bring well you
Uncrap you Esther said you were worth was
Second son of a hell you can't be my son nobody's that uncrapable you
breath
I'll take your and staying BMW and run that mother right into the damn river you left you worth nothing
Get someone's attention second good spring of world famous pig faced this message brought to you by the national cursing foundation
And remember our motto go for yourself
and saying
but
I
get my
No one yet, Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil
Okay, tough fill. We're sticking with our pick for the first race. Tell the relax.
Can you believe he didn't even know what time the races were start today?
Okay, that's enough. That's enough already, will you?
Geez, I was just killed some time while I finished opening last envelope.
Some good checks there today. A few hundreds. There's one for 300.
Wow.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
also just happen to have a pair of tickets to the...
all of them streeters like kings but we're really just a pair of queens straight and pants in the car
and we can do so come on every guy around the guy that everyone at least nobody at the dancing
dancing in my seat, dancing in my seat, the seven sisters go see A, dancing in my seat, let's go easy DC now
just forget that he's not ready
all is when I'm kidding, I'm not ready
we when the ladies are no well, we go crazy and swing, we like that straight and dancing in my seat
dancing in my seat, dancing in my seat, dancing in my seat, dancing in my seat, with dancing in my seat
while Marie's here from Marlborough Castle with millions of boxes of stuff,
Neely Burgers and White Hots and BLTs, Cheryl, BLTs, here's the mobile and Palm Beach
yes, Mr. Roger, this is Grab One and Pull It, yes sir
I'm a retired detective from New York and I'm just a Paul with the way you talk about police agencies and no respect for law enforcement
yeah what the what the part of the state you work in sir
well when I worked in New York it was a man like me
yeah, likely story
what is that mean?
the closest you ever been to Manhattan maybe you had one in a glass
oh that's cute, you just stare at your type and put them in one lump
lump this pal
lump this right here, what it's your right?
yeah
okay well I guess your stereotype everybody's the runs of radio things at home is factual
right
that's right
oh there he goes, I guess his boyfriend was getting nervous
