I see that they went up at night even with the Yankee baseball he'll be making a story out of that you know Stan yeah that's for sure that's for sure did I hear you say that Joey had a movement on the weekend is that.
Uh no comment.
Okay the last time Joey had a movement was in Buffalo.
And they thought they were having their first earthquake really really good luck to you sir.
Alright you take care of having a good vacation.
Thank you.
Okay here comes some more of those 18 to 34 numbers now this is the afternoon is where Rick and Slux are to really kick that and they did for two to a five one.
Oh no that's in man I'm 18 plus I'm sorry for two to a five one look at that what do we do midday 10 to three we had like a six six.
So they are bringing that the men in the afternoon up there dramatically and you know they're all going to be young like under the age of 12 and W.
Y.O.D. W.Y.O.D.
Yeah okay speak to me please.
Speaking.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah I just want to ask you a question about a band called Camillean Church if you heard of them.
No sir.
It's a had Chely Chae in it?
No.
No.
That was it sir.
Okay thank you.
So we can cover and put their experts on that stuff one open line in date county 751 W.Y.O.D. one in brown or W.Y.O.D.
Hello.
What is that chronic idea?
Okay thank you so much.
I would agree with that.
What is just out of control and just pathetic.
Let's see did Mark tree for man figuring some stuff out here you know because our programming department can't figure this stuff out.
Let's go to four lotterdale W.Y.O.D.
Yeah the the brown chair is out there opposing his record store.
Yeah.
The sound like copies of two I crew that was right.
Well I got to raise some money you know.
Time's good.
Listen I got a good idea you want to know how they could straighten out radio stations.
It could open up radio stations.
Yeah.
Open up a station called W.Y.O.U.
Yeah.
Meaning that.
Well very keen.
Very keen.
Very keen started one called W.I.O.U.
I was going to say that next but you took the words right out of my shoes.
But anyway you know you have people coming in and they request their songs for a day and you're like winners.
For a day you can enter a contest.
Yeah.
And then when you win you go in.
But if you don't like the idea then forget about it.
I know what I'm gonna forget about it.
I know what I'm gonna forget about it.
I know what I'm gonna forget about it.
I know what I'm gonna forget about it.
Okay Tim that was Tim William was a little distraught that jaded and picked up those DTR listeners.
Okay you'll be okay Tim.
20 so new in a W.Y.O.D.
We have an open line in Dade, one in Brown, one in Palm Beach.
I feel like we're sitting here for something they like the numbers.
Let's go to Volka and there's nobody there.
I don't think anybody there wants to do that.
That Volka line.
I don't think so.
If my recent memory remembers W.Y.O.D.
Yes, Laura, please.
Who is it?
Laura?
Laura?
Yes.
Laura's long trip.
W.Y.O.D.
Okay let's try Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neil how are you?
Okay how are you?
Well I got a phone to pick.
Everybody in this damn office makes a fun of me for listening to you and calling you all the time.
And I think they're all a bunch of douchebags.
What do you think?
My mom would come to me.
What do you want sir?
What do you want?
I'm gonna put on you trying to put on a show to impress your friends sitting there.
Is that what it's all about?
No.
Well what the hell do you want?
Talk intelligent.
Talk some issues.
Talk something meaningful.
Issues.
Like capital punishment.
Why?
For people who make calls like this.
Why?
Because that's what this show is all about.
It has some substance.
I like it better with the fun show like you know.
No sir.
Well the fun ended.
The minute we punched up your call W.Y.O.D.
Hold on a minute.
That was Randy.
She's practicing W.Y.O.D.
What is it?
Right.
Right.
Brian.
Yes.
What do you want Brian?
Brian.
You son?
Okay 1142 at W.Y.O.D.
And speaking of that time to talk about Charod right now, they're waiting to serve you a fantastic fresh lunch right now.
And now for those of you watching your weight like FedRick, well, all what people around the country.
Okay.
We've got all these ridiculously bad numbers.
We have a depressing day in Johnny Dark, who can't keep his own nose over at the coast, comes in here to relate to me that he just had a call from Super Dave.
Okay.
Now if he had any brain, he would have put the call on the phone on a receiver immediately as soon as he heard that voice number one.
Okay.
So if you want to know who keeps encouraging Super Dave to bug us and that you agree what?
The what do you talk to him for?
Can't you say goodbye or is that lonely over at the coast?
And he's telling him about some obscure video guy and some stupid thing from WNWS.
It's got a thing on it.
It's got my name and it's really Steve Kane and people are going to be watching this all over the country.
What the who cares?
Who's going to see it?
Six drugs in which it's on?
Get out of here.
Go away.
Go away.
What do you want?
Oh no, are you even getting women numbers?
We don't have anyone listening to this station.
Do we have anyone on these women?
Hello?
Yeah.
Hold it.
Hello?
Yeah.
Hold it.
Hello?
Hold it.
Are you a mobile?
No.
You're a mobile, right?
No, no, no, no.
Hold on.
Hello?
Hi Neil.
We have a lady right there, I told you.
That's one out of four.
So that means that 25% of the women in the market listen to WIOD.
You got it.
Right?
You got it.
Hey Neil, what's going on with Waxi in love 94% of any parts?
Do they want?
Do they have any ratings?
Do they have any numbers now?
No, I don't.
I don't.
First of all, it doesn't mean anything yet because Videl was there during this whole thing, okay?
Yeah.
So you want to start to see that for...
How I see what the little man and the hat's doing?
The little man and the hat?
Well, let's see.
Let's just take a look at 18 plus the little man and the hat in the afternoon.
I went from a 32 to a 42.
He is kickin' butt over there, okay?
They have turned the corner.
They're going to destroy the market.
Yeah.
Greg and Rick together we're getting stereo.
The picture is they call them yesterday, I like that.
Okay, thanks so much.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Nice hearing your lovely voice.
Thank you.
Bye.
1147 at WIOD where we're dying over here.
WIOD.
Okay, good one.
Let's go to Hollywood.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yeah.
Would you please...
Sir, would you like to give us your name and address?
We will send you a WIOD promotional paper played in the extra charge.
I already have a picture.
If you send us the stamp.
Can you believe that?
Big time radio station, we go out, our promotion where people drive all the way from a steward.
Talk about loyal listeners from a steward.
Do you know how far a steward is, sir?
That's like in Yannem'svelto, the Chinese would say, okay?
They drive all the way down, sounds of the falls.
And we autographed the back of a tool for 15, 10% paper play.
And we say thank you for listening to WIOD.
Would you put it on any side of the one that got caught and got an answer?
Sir.
Sir, are you out of control?
I wish.
Can you take a leave of your senses?
I wish.
Don't you realize that it's trashy crap like death that's caused us our entire sophisticated listening?
Any audience with WIOD?
I can't believe it.
Clear.
Thank you.
Well, I was driving down 9.95 the other night.
Somebody nearly cut me right off the road.
I decided what I'm going to do any good to get mad.
I wrote a song about him and said, it goes like this.
First people, and then for, or did you work it, it's your whole life.
Any other way, it worked out fine.
It's your assholes and dies.
Get your name, FFH OLE.
Don't you try to blame it on me.
You deserve all the credit.
You're an asshole tonight.
You're an asshole.
You're an asshole.
You're an asshole tonight.
I got a feeling.
You're being an asshole when the whole of your life.
You're an asshole tonight.
I was talking to your mother.
And in the end, you told her, tonight.
I told her, I caught your an asshole tonight.
I think you're right.
And all your friends are apples.
Because you know they have your whole life.
Somebody so mean.
You've got an apple for life.
For you more than apple.
Or did you work in your whole life?
Either way it worked out fine.
Or you're here in it.
You're right.
Holds nice.
Okay, let me 51, and WGW, thanks for the help, Gary.
Let's go to Miami. Hello.
Hello.
We couldn't have done it without the programming brain trust.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
We're doing it.
We are doing it, sir.
Can you play something?
More than what we're doing.
What's that?
We're dying over here.
I'm dying over here.
Good.
Can you play the Burp commercial for us?
The Burp commercial?
Yeah, I haven't heard it for a while.
I heard it on Rick and Puts.
Yeah, Suz is really hurt.
What do you mean by that?
He's just...
He's bothering me.
I don't know.
You're not the one that called him up the other day.
That moron that called him...
No, I heard it on the other day.
No, that wasn't me.
Well, a lot of negative colors, you know, this...
I keep trying to emphasize.
I know it's a waste of time.
But like the old Cubans, man, when they get the diaries...
You can listen to me.
It's like voting.
Okay?
You understand?
There's like a loyal listener.
They're obsessed.
We here at WYOD, we've got these like wishy-washy
and they're all bitching and complaining on what they want.
And they're not loyal.
They don't support us.
And one of these days we're all going to be gone.
We're all going to be digging bitches out in the middle of Y75.
And they're going to want...
Gee, whatever happened to all our good fun and crap and stuff, you know?
Right.
Just ragging on them.
Never mind.
I've never really disliked them.
Never real life.
But they're doing a good job.
They're fine.
Can you play the burp?
I've got it now.
I'm waiting for you to say goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
One in seven Americans suffers from a terrible affliction.
And while others find it funny, to those who have it, it's no laughing matter.
It's called frequent burping syndrome.
It's terrible.
I'll be on a date or a business meeting and...
Excuse me.
Excuse me.
Do you want to have it?
Frequent burping syndrome.
It can ruin your life.
But it doesn't have to.
Now there's a clinic that can help.
Trained specialists sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers.
A special place known as burp hinders.
Gosh.
Burp hinders saved my life.
And Joanne and I were in love.
I really wanted to ask for the marry me.
But I just knew that when the moment of truth came, I'd let out with a big ripper.
You know?
Burp hinders.
No shame.
No guilt.
No more tummy rumbling.
Smellied belches.
No more stopping and mid-sentence.
The one for a big cheesy blaster.
Just carrying professionals.
And they help you need.
Still a plate.
Here's the number to call.
By...
2, 8, 7, 7.
That's by...
By...
Burp hinders.
Burp hinders.
Calls a day.
And stop being so gross.
Let's see.
Here's women 18 plus in the morning.
And of course, that's love 94.
His big thing is women 2.5 to a 27.
Now Greg, you never had any numbers anywhere.
You're not going to have any now.
So join the rest of us.
We're getting used to it.
Let's go to...
See, I guess Alice was right about that.
Number is me nothing.
Right?
That's what Joy always says.
But you know this.
It's always the people who don't have any who say that.
Like me.
Miami.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Question.
Why is it every time the book comes out?
You always go through it.
It's arbitrary.
It's supposed to be arbitrary.
When I'm supposed to worry about that, your team is so far to radio.
Yeah.
What are you worried about?
Yeah.
I'm not worried I say I was worried.
No, no, I'm not.
But you read it all the time as if it means something.
It doesn't mean something.
It does mean something.
Sure, it's our livelihood.
I was on it.
I don't have.
Yeah.
I was in the business.
And I went to number one in Northeast Louisiana.
Oh, man.
That is what I always wanted to do that.
Be number one in Northeast Louisiana.
Yeah, especially a town called Talula.
Yeah, that's my favorite.
But I mean, tell me.
I mean, this stuff doesn't mean anything.
Yeah.
Tell that to the people in Atlanta, okay?
A cops broadcasted.
Well, they got to have something to go by.
I just like the cops got to stop you and...
We did have it.
We just got to call from Atlanta.
You know what they said?
What?
They're phone with you and looking.
Yeah.
They say.
What did I mean?
You know what I mean?
What it means?
I'm dying out of here.
No, it's fine to me.
I think I got a lot of money up there.
They don't care.
They love us.
What I would like you to play for me, even though I've never requested anything.
Yes, sir.
The Rambo is Barry Manolo.
If you can find out, I know it would be an oldie, but goody.
Rambo is Barry Manolo.
Yeah, that was one of the old burges to play that.
Who?
The guy he used to have.
Rambo is Barry Manolo.
Yeah, Barry Manolo.
And Rambo and Rambo, we don't have that.
Yeah, it do.
With the Barry Manolo, I want to just play, but that's not the same one.
No, it's an oldie.
We don't have it.
No, no God.
No God, sir.
No.
Oh, well.
See you to get out.
I try anyway.
See you in pre-ord.
Huh?
I say, have a nice day.
Bud load to you, buddy.
Bye.
W-I-O-D.
That's what Alex Bennett said, Neil.
The numbers didn't mean anything.
That's right.
Look where he is.
Back in San Francisco, sir.
The only one.
With a band you want to spend.
A good trip.
Okay.
Thank you.
Good call.
W-I-O-D.
Hey, Neil.
Oh, we're doing it.
We are kicking some serious giant bud.
I got a question.
Won't those jets paper points from Pete's Law?
They weren't W.I.
all as a matter of fact you're right we had a big from our good friend Jeff over at
pizza lock that's how cheap and embarrassing and degrading and humiliating and
unprepared and outrageous we are at wio d
i was going to conserve and
uh... man
paper plate that i had you know pizza on a
case
but
that it
now i really feel sick
sorry
now i'm glad you brought it up as an excellent point
thank you
thank you
why do you think we can go over maybe the came out and buy a couple of
grocery paper plates we don't have to beg the people to bring the free food
to feed our the devoted audience what's left of them
i will say one thing that i think about we have these greatest great
responses to the remote
not many stations have the whole audience show up
like we do
okay we have one open line in date county seven five one did
and uh... one in palmbee six five five more to worry wio d
okay it's a vocal line again somebody for real calls and vocab there to be
one to great
wio d
miracles of all time
wio d
hello
wio d
okay all three of them from the same call how do you like that is that action or
what
palpato
yeah
what's the act of the how do you do sir
i don't understand what the most important what's the story of plates
what's the story of what plates
the whole of the collector plates the paul out collected
those you're talking about some plates that you're going to remote you have
can rick and mutton i did a remote on vents and camera and said it with this
enormous turnout
and boy gerry's evil twin brought me about like about twenty of pictures to
autograph
a rick and plus have nothing to autograph
and so you know all these people we got like two thousand people there so
what do we want to photograph it
are from pizza lock you miss these
uh... paper plates like the kind of a big bundle like for a hundred for
ninety nine cents at wind xe okay yeah
that's all right that's that's the classy promotional thing
from wio
paper plates
almost as good as the billboards but not quite
excellent
okay are you impressed
right yeah i love the billboard i knew you would be at the billboard is i think
that says it all that billboard
great picture yeah
i'm going to die right into that mouth when i get off here
do you think that one up
what did you think of the billboard oh yeah
give me all the credit
okay have a great day
okay now when is it
wio d
and mobile call
local i was working
yeah somebody on it
i can't believe it speak to us here you got thirty seconds
i got a question for you
yeah
and i know of college open today
do we have a one
your car is open today
no sir
the car tomorrow
tomorrow time i'm down here down my amia stop in my yana well go over there
now you can't lose a dime
i got money to collect the last week
excellent
good job is on the old yeah keep saying that keep it out keep keep my memory
alive sir
see i give me a monument
okay look at that afternoons women of three to seven women 18 plus two
older one three at wio d one women hate those guys almost as much as they hate
me
uh wio d
yeah doctor the operation hold on
wio d
deal
we're not douchebags and bokeh
yes you are
okay we got the upright with the new news book up back in twelve oh five oh
get my hair cut and then the rick and pussed to the champion don't forget
yanky's in a broor that's going to save us eight thirty tonight
wio d
four-letter
talks for tonight on sports talk beginning at six on new stock radio six
ten
wio d
and
new stock radio six ten wio d presents
neo-rudges begin to touch and talk call seven five one wio d in day
five two four wio d in broh or six five five and two seven eight
wio d in the form beaches
harder is make all collapse the opinions express where the host gets to our
collars are not necessarily those of the station
now here's neo-rudges on new stock radio six ten wio d
four
four
four
you go in your jeans
why yes it is
did it
i know flight of the bumblebee
you can say that again okay twelve oh six of wio d
diana
diana
is here to cut my hair
and we're going to do it on the urigen i want you to give the plug as i had
a little thing written out in there and i can't find it
you can't find it well um i guess i have to tell you that the herbo
tink is located on fourteen hundred east
seventy nine street causeway and i'm just inviting everybody to come out
and if they come in and tell me that they were listening to this show will
give them twenty five percent off
off the top
so you have people coming last time after you were in here a couple maybe one
as a matter of fact the day we did it i had a gentleman come in
he happened to be listening to the program and he called that day and he came
in how to haircut and i'm sure he's coming back
that was it yeah one guy
now i'm disappointed we usually getting crowbar's part of town you know this is
not our part of town so anyways the herbo tink is right across the street from
wwd over on the other side of the uh... seventy nine street thing on a
crossway and diana's a great job boy she goes great cut i'll tell you that
twelve oh seven wwd let's go to a mobile in the myami hello hello
yes sir how are you doing today the zoom with the unlucky
is that your question sir not a good one huh now we're doing good okay i we don't
let these things affect us okay i have a wankers you have a wankers
last five four okay later on it's big breaking news it's not all the way up
yet but there's a billboard that says what
and grr e yeah i it's it's not breaking news in high elia good one
though i just want to let you know what i'm going to do the other half an esponial
they're going to do it they're going to do it there okay i just want to tell my
friends Jimmy Murphy to do some good job have a good one
twelve oh eight wwd you know we got a couple of factors thank you rich it says
you know what you're going to Chicago all-star game
that that that i don't know what this means i have an extra ticket well we get
our we get them from scalpers okay we like to do everything illegally here at
wwd thank you rich and thanks for that thing too by the way okay let's
take the Palm Beach now if i sound like i'm under a little or confused here it's
for Diane's cutting my hair wwod hi i like our new writers speaking
mr. Rogers yes sir don't worry about the numbers the one
i can you you're you're mumbling don't worry about the numbers okay
for two could you do me a favor and i know you played it right today but can you play that
two-life juice thing again yeah well i just happen to have my hand on it right now sir
you do is that impressing yes okay well listen because of the fact it'll take a
little time and because we're starting to cut my hair anything you want okay pal
thank you have a great life bye bye okay they were enslaved in Egypt
mass occurred in germany and made fun of in Miami now they're here live for one night only
two live juice boys boys boys we were posting up some bigot justice people as you please
when in washer of curbs said hey you'd be bankrupt these they dragged the fool away they thought
of the best i said hey were you two Jews are going there be plenty of luck
new live Jews catch the door before they get caught
new live Jews take it's available at all belly counters and how take the master locations
another concentration camp production
okay now this i want to pass it along i think this will impart to the audience what year
he just came in and sat down and Diana agreed to a cut very sharply under the neck
and uh he said to me with a smile on his face what do i think now what what can i think i think
that the next trend will go up dramatically because Rick and Puss will have been here and things
are in place i did say that last time but we have to keep saying that until we get canned okay
well no i do think it's going to go up there all we're trying is always about a month behind
in this market no i never see the purchase why the purchase is an increase well who's got it
the same in all well please can i why don't you pull it off the wall so we can
the propaganda is here in pretend we're really doing it a birch is so bogus anyway we never do
anything in birch what do we got like a two so the birch is hanging in the hallway boygaria is
going to rush right in with it and we're kicking ass in birch but anybody with a half a brain
knows that birch is bogus but i got an idea if we're doing good in birch let's start saying we
think that they do a great job over birch and we're really doing it as birches a joke okay let's
see here we go my any four-letter day what is this for this is the new uh the one fall to winter
well what the hell is that mean i don't like this number so okay well listen are we on the list
i don't see us my any four-letter day i'll the right column what is this man talking about w i
the three seven fall of eighty nine it's missing oh man i'm looking at numbers that are so
microscopic look at that like a three seven go ahead and don't be confused by borgia or he's
to head brain damage it for man oh excuse me okay well i don't need my glasses anyway to read these
microscopic numbers i mean my magnum vision reading glasses from rn area now i got them i got them
i see fall oh i see the winter part is missing that's what it is i od 18 to 49 in the fall
two nine winter of three nine this is what he's trying to pedal okay like somebody's really going to
believe this zeta fall of eighty nine of four four down to a three nine in a winter zeta is
dropping and they have no excuse what is ap we don't have a call in the bat line from peter borgia
to try to alibi for their crappy numbers over at zeta okay i mean we know alibi about ours i
mean we just think all right we admit it but the zeta has no excuse because gtr's going to
weigh the wind did you ever listen to gtr bayon in the coast yes really hey listen when you
going to get your haircut over it the dions placed over the hercelon you'll be able to hear all
that wonderful stuff they're playing on the coast because they're doing it their music is great
it's outstanding and in his mild but if he gets that stuff off the wall i'll be able to tell you
what a great job we're doing here at six ten w i do we moved all the way in twenty five to
fifty four according to birch one two three four fifth well so what's a big deal about that
oh that's overall i see that's the whole station okay can i reach this far you think like
hi alia hey how you doing okay i reached all the way over and punched up highly i'm pretty proud of
myself what a guy yeah what a guy did you see the you know what they said in hi alia
but soon with the unlucky i'm gonna eat the commonly that's exactly what they said they said the
nick the bottle rules mon did you see the piece about with approval setting the the turf record
world turf record no sir yes with approval candidates 1989 horse of the year posted a world record
two ten and one fifth under jockey Craig Perett well i was sadder the sunday best ever for a mile
and three that was sunday that was the race that that was my one winner at calder still is the
gussama cast from belmont i wasn't yeah i didn't make it out they didn't know he had a whopping
four sixty but it's better than tearing the ticket up but he really did all right yeah great
and they bet the new york crowd but in fact it called her to they bet that seven horse with
santo's down the way down to six to one or seven to one and he ran a gray race and with approval
sent behind him the whole race and then came out in the stretch and uh... kind of drew off but uh...
santo court did a good read huh you paramount no sir uh... i can't believe calder didn't turn that
perfecto around you're not about that he never does he used to and he's been doing for two years
now he keeps saying well i'm gonna go back and bet the way i used to i don't know how in the world
you can but i can understand if you've got a heavy favor like the one you just mentioned on top of
like two or three different horses then you don't turn it around if it's a lot okay but where you've
got two horses that are pretty good price and you bet a ten dollar perfecto how can you at least
not put a five or ten dollar perfecto the other way around unbelievable and he will not do it he's
just a stubborn old me yeah yeah yeah yeah uh... there's a card i haven't heard in ages
gillenslock beer oh jeez you're not going to believe it i can't believe you're asking for that
you got a regular hand no i don't but i know i do not a couple of weeks ago when they were begging for
cards because we were also begging for paper plates and cards at the same time um
i cleared out a bunch of cards and i thought we'll never play this again so it's history i mean
it's not it's on a it's on a disc somewhere but i have to card it up again what is it so in other
words don't hold your breath well but thanks for the fine thanks for the thought okay thank you
yeah fine let's go to see if i would have had it then i would have been honest about a
day and i would have had to stop you from cutting my hair and turn around and go through the rack
and and mr. round a whole bunch say we don't want to do that if you're going to request something
uh in fact i'll give you the list of what's sitting right here flaine which is that hemorrhid thing
that'll like that on w's news we got the enigma borrow thing that's scutted that's a great great
piece we've only played that a couple of times nick brain we got the doll tycoon
the death tones which of course still brings back memories of those wonderful days without
expending dig crazy cologne now what is boy gary come here and ask me what do i think isn't he
supposed to be the program director why don't we find out what he thinks well that wouldn't
take long would it no seriously why don't we find out what he what his excuses okay i have no
excuses i think we're kicking ass i think we're doing it the last month and a half wouldn't you say so
melvin even melvin thinks so and he thinks the whole station sucks other than the volumes
and anybody's got a side care he likes joy a lot who is working joy show seven they he never
had so much fun in his life he said boy if i could do this every week i just make a career on it
anyways plus sixteen a you got a woman that sure was so bad
joy melvin just said he thinks he was show sucks and rust oasis embarrassing and bill martial
has severe brain damage okay let's go to okay i keep these on for a second a lady in candle hello
hi me how are you feeling all the cheer us up and the brightened up our lovely natural day
no i know here it sure yet yeah i just had a good room with you look at all i had an opinion on
capital punishment because you brought it up yeah i mean i'm only changed my mind if somebody can
convince me i don't care let's fly i'm okay no no no that's i'm emerging what are you talking about
well if castra had had capital punishment we never would have gotten our mario leetha's out
um we don't when when i make comments upon nobody knows the provocation and you really close
i don't know it's not you what did you but you didn't say anything oh you know what do you
practice in the call alice rentel because now it's number one i should i guess i should really
believe that he went up he must have all the old women must have found he's on in the morning
he must be getting up early to take their meda music very exciting yeah i called him before he
does it for me good bye see ya what the hell was that all about 12 18 in wio do you can we talk
about char-hut please for just a moment or two because right now is the time when a lot of people
out there are thinking about going for lunch okay wouldn't you think so dianne i would say so
yeah even dianne agrees with that cheesy and anyway if you want to get a delicious inexpensive
quick one of this i want to emphasize if you never bring to char-hut if first of all if you've
never been there you must be some kind of a moron or not look close to one but it's it's not
fast food in the in the traditional sense i mean it doesn't take long for them to make it because
a char-hut bullet on the grill fresh the way you order it 12 22 of wio do you know boy gary never
came back with the rest of these numbers and be smart he won't i'm looking at these have you
ever checked these verse numbers i mean it will use to be bad but now it's a joke for example 18
to 34 hot with a 20 point two share isn't that the most ridiculous thing you ever heard in your
life a 20 point two share 18 to 34 18 to 49 of 15 point nine share for hot one oh five and we
can't find anybody in in this entire like anywhere within the sound of our voice who listens to it
can we now nobody listens to it 22 afternoon in addition to which why i think he ought to come back
and then we ought to have a little on the year seminar because i think after i come back from
vacation we're going back to topics and guests how does that sound Melbourne topics and guests
Melbourne said that's a good idea do you know i think that's what he said let's go to sunrise
that's indeed this is dr. why yeah what's cooking that can i go to the situation yeah
but the way we had to call from your friend jay michael's it qa in this morning jay michael's
a good friend of mine you know what he said what i'm dying over here i need a zane and doctor shane
okay thank you doc everyone if you're going to bring me any more of these bogus numbers that is the
most ridiculous virtue they pull them out of a hat 25 to 54 37 up to a four nine but again don't
forget that's winter that would be like january for mori and march when your buddy was here forget it
forget it you're in nobody till somebody fires you okay let's go to we did sunrise always
dr. vats here i hate to do this by people like glasses on how about dear field w.i.o.d
deal what do you think how you doing all right seven head chef are we eating lunch now while we're
on the air yeah i'm having some sticky wings here that's pretty good that's bad call sir
bad phone i just got back from a long vacation i heard you had a little bad bout and you're
talking about getting your teeth fixed before you went into jirigatose son getting my teeth
oh that's right i was going to get that thing with post-mile i was going to have my well i
said i don't need that much fixing but that was an exciting thing now because i had the stroke just
before i was going to do that yeah well i had it done it's really it's a really good job yeah well
you needed it then uh when with the chicken i think of that much more easier to rip the flesh off
of the bone yeah or whatever you're chewing you do me a favor and play me uh the plot you're
there does anybody have any idea what this man is talking about what do they also do like a little
of bottomy at the same time a plot yeah plot you know do you know what he's talking about melvin you do
wait a minute no that's right again on the screen the well that's not a plot what are you some
kind of a silly gory yeah definitely goes you know what up to plots is like to laugh so hard you
could fall down and just uh just uh it's hard to explain that's what it was no this
yeah not the same things that what you wanted yeah you mean you called to hear that
and now you can leave again for a couple of months so that carry you over well i really
wanted to hear the endless loop you want to hear one the endless one the endless loop yeah i'm
sorry man i'm giving you an incredible uh endless plot go on better at least dying that you're
hearing it on tape and it's not happening for real in the studio okay is that enough thanks buddy
you feel good now have a long one okay 25 what is it yeah she said she'd rather hear it on
is it real or is it memory it's dying we'll let you know in just a couple of seconds okay we have
an open lot now wait a minute you just said you listen to the coast all day over there in the beauty
shop yeah how come i'm so slow how can we not listening to six 10 w i o d we have to listen to music
yeah to listen to music to soothe your savage customers yeah i just if we had you on we'd all be
concentrating in the crazy yeah and you'd be like cutting people's necks and stuff like that now
is boy gary really coming to get your haircut over there i don't know i'm wondering where all the
rest of the people in this building are yeah that's a good point because she offered a hell of a deal
all the rest of the people in this building when most of them are so underpaid they can't afford
a real haircut they go home and use tweezers for their hair too but most seriously um all the people
in this building the dianne made a special extra offer it's right across the street go over get
your haircut marvin he can't afford it he like pays them to work here no seriously i mean at least
show some appreciation or it's gonna be embarrassing i'm gonna have to start paying for this let's go
to a four-letter day hello hello on the vocal line i know you can do it i know you're gone
point and beach on the Palm Beach line i agree what do you want now we're cooking
thought i thought it might do a little interview there since i'll lose thing how you produce
we're doing one of the options whoever they are we're losing you have marvin's going to buffalo
and it's going to west Palm Beach and voyagerie's going back to louver with the band you want his name
right i'm going back to batavia there you go listen i need a little remote information i'd be big
in batavia i'd be big anywhere but nobody would listen to me i'd just be big yeah i swear i
rich said hold on a second were you w-i-o-d
yes the car phone you do what i'm on a car phone and focus yeah and you're on right now sir
all right hold on one second okay you don't mind do you i know do it okay i do like that for a
friendly neighbor you don't want you to spend all your hard and money on this stupid show
what is it anyway i don't understand about this friend yeah so okay okay second thing
yes what is the joke with with Sally Fitz and her batteries go back to radio and listen sir
okay
well i was cruising on through hollywood on university i was through the announcement
of rattan with my baby next to me then from behind i was describing the red left you lit
the brower county cops world best to give me fifth he said you go to jail boy i said what do you mean
he said the brower county sheriff's this rattan is the scene he said you swear he's gonna jail
that's the law from sheriff's nick i thought this brower's county sheriff's guy must really be a
nickbrain nickbrain or get lost on a nickbrain on the mind of a nickbrain
dictated by a nickbrain as they pulled me from the car they slammed the store on my soul
i yelled instead of dirty word a word we all know so many threw me some ground and he hit me with
a stick he said you better watch your mouth just dirty little dick i said respectfully
you know what i thought the whole thing stuck he said you should have watched your mouth
because now you're really stuck he's a back he's a squad god and off to jail quick
this brower county sheriff's guy must really be a nickbrain nickbrain or get lost on a nickbrain
from the mind of a nickbrain dictated by a nickbrain
i'm the way to jail the couple of cups of him and caught i said you guys better watch your lips
remember where you are he said we swear if we want to there's nothing you can do
this lawy man for justice man for punks like you when i went with the judge he asked
this cop what did i do they both said i was charged with players too loud
screw up say come on you gonna drop the case this thing is really sick
the guy who thought the whole thing up is nothing but a lawy man nickbrain
worked at the laws by my name reign from the mind of a nickbrain
there with me is a man reign
i'm a man
he may be the body of man reign
this law was called a pie of man reign
he's got a figure of man reign
he's got a figure of man reign
he's got a figure of man
pro 46 at w.i. do we didn't have a mobile and four-lotter day on they cracked out
because we were playing that thing they want to spend the money cheap skate
w.i.o.d
yeah nil
your back this was you right
yeah nil let me ask you something i'm calling for my car i'll make it quick
you're going on vacation can i ask you what area you going to
what area i'm going to
say in the country you going to Europe between the earth and Uranus
really you think it's advisable i mean you were ill for three weeks you were out
you think it's advisable still to take off this time considering the ratings and everything
what is it and are you like a programming expert
no i'm just asking i know for job security i mean if my job is questioned
i don't know let me say two things to you okay first of all i'm not insecure
and secondly i have a contract okay uh-huh well in that case you don't have a
nice vacation and play out of trouble okay bye bye sweetie
what uh what a oh man kvech what a kvech job security
like while i'm away they're going to have randy you know it's going to take over the show
i mean she's a very nice young lady and she's fun and you got a good sense of humor
and she used to be married to jfk so please have pity on her
but i mean i'm not worried that i mean of course when boy gary is at the helm anything is possible
and if they want me if they want to write me a check for the rest of the year and a half
that i have to go that's fine i don't think they want to do that i don't think they're panicking
although it is interesting when he comes in here and he says what do you think of it
i'm not the program director i haven't molded this operation okay
i mean everything is relative and this show still has the highest numbers on the station okay
not what they used to be by any stretch of the imagination but it's that shrinking your
audience syndrome again and next month when the entire spring book comes out if it doesn't go
back up all the way around then then this time to get insecure and start to give your subred hot
dog stand tamarack gone see and i'm not even going to say it i'm not even going to say it
doca on the line seven nobody there okay is that a good example now this see i could go in and
tell him what i think what the problems are but it would be pointless because where there's no
sense there's no feeling because you can keep repeating the same things here for like a year or
20 years and as rhanerius found out you're better off just keep your mouth shut and you know leave
right off when you get off the air every day and not say anything because they don't care
w-i-o-d you're not gonna speak neoport speaking deal how you doing okay long time we're
there first time color wonderful yeah how you feeling great great when you go in the middle of the
field uh july 13 beautiful beautiful uh my father's out there listening to the
thing for Robert I just want to call him a douchebag about brothers Steven too okay and you have
a wonderful trip thank you bye bye see you great call i'll see that's what it's all about
11 to 11 w-i-o-d fort lauderdale deal yes sir i want to know if you're going to finish reading the
uh trend what do you mean finished reading them finished reading like the fm ones i want to hear
the fm well what do you want to hear i can't read you every stage that would take like from now
till midnight to read everything that's in here what's specifically do you want to know i got the
whole pile here sir uh pile hot magic joy well wait a minute like what what day parts what where
when how who's read them all read them all yeah no what you used to do that no i did not yeah all
you're reading is the am no i'm not reading the am if i told you how one oh five had a seven three
and you have you be a hot one oh five and you are now what do you want to know but i don't
care about the hot one oh five well what no no i care about okay here's the well here's the
whole number six am in the midnight twelve plus okay how one oh five seven three life that's
fm they had a six nine okay power five eight joy four seven uh wild one hundred four magic
of four kiss of four kiss this uh w ax laxia it says like w a x v that's a good one laxia to three five
okay uh who else the the breeze the wave the uh thing three one that's russo wasis a three one
cubic fm two seven she two three okay okay what do we do it for you yeah right see you
guys reading a book twelve fifty a w i o d my amy hey male yeah i was listening to the sports talk show
that keep you guys out of the uh ready and uh uh jones and gackey saying that he was out picked
for jury duty and that uh he was picked for a hundred but told the judge had to decline because
yeah i know i know twelve fifty one at w i o d let's go to plantation hello hello nil how you doing okay how
are you great oh listen i don't give a flying nick where you're going to vacation just have a great time
okay thank you and if you come back it's probably bad timing you know i think i should probably
wait another six months until i'm just totally worn out i mean what kind of a call was that
strategically uh like i'm gonna analyze what i'm gonna i'm going now because i need the rest
right hey some of these people don't understand life is more than a job whether it's this job
or any job because one thing about death that i've learned it's pretty permanent you know uh uh
and uh some of these people are just moron tell me about it okay listen i wonder if you have anything
Elvis for me and do you have the Elvis is everywhere no i don't know i don't i have that's on a
CD but i have it at home wow i got like the Elvis how about the Elvis pillow now i got
Ellen on okay that's good is that good apple i can't justify you sir that would justify me and one
more thing if i can call my buddy a dousta okay Tommy you're a big mega dousta i see you'll have a
great time bye bro i know you must have the same way after all these years it's been a
lot of a lot of a lot of times when you have a problem it helps to talk with others who have the
same problem okay Elvis you got some to share with the group now yes i do with Elvis for
thanks for i think it very much for uh hold on Elvis for a while do we order some double cheese
pieces for you we're get something that but our nanosamist is good here Elvis i like you
all too listening to an encounter session and through local elements and elements where chronic
Elvis impersonators go for Elvis i want to get what was i you saying Elvena well sir i think it's
telling the people sad to scrimm and i think it's self-female impersonators of Elvis you know i got
a job here and see what i learned to recognize the early warning sign twitching lift
that's the end of the drama when i wake in here i'm all shook out incredible weight gain more
weight because at Elvis and out of this we understand but impersonating Elvis is not a career
it's a disease will be tender will be sweet give us all the prairie so close so much you can to
l a no if members to the city and thank you thank you so much you like a little
we all know the something the whole jute all the way up and Johnny dark well he's gonna drive me nuts
comes in here he's fumbling around from where i want to borrow these numbers okay women he wants
persons 25 to 50 or they great reaches in your grabs one out and then he comes walking back in
oh that's uh mid that's morning drive i wanted to midday it's one that he pulled out himself okay
this man i mean we needed him in here like we needed flaming hemorrhoids
dear field uh hi niel hi this is julie hi julie uh i heard you guys talking earlier about
that new station coast yeah and you're saying how you like listening to it uh huh i think it's the
worst i can't stand anything that's on the radio except the station you can't stand anything
that's on the radio no it's it's awful
well that's your opinion julie because you say it doesn't make it so well i know but i mean how
many times can you listen to the same song over and over and over again but in other words you don't
like music no i like music i just don't like the same stuff over and over and it's almost
like that is laxie no not even close close to the cast julie what the coast is outstanding uh i
i don't like it at all i mean this is the only station i listen to is well i'm great well you
and that two or three other people well i just wanted to you know to tell you how awful i thought
that's basically well thanks a lot that really there was there was some better radio you know better
music they played on the radio they really brightens up my day well thank you okay have a nice
life thanks you too 1255 at wio d my any hey big boy yes yes you're some gerbos
let's go to a del re hello yeah first i'm called a long time i've got to tell you from
the stuff we have back in chicago your show is pretty incredible yeah i mean like steven gerry
yeah and uh Dave bomb Dave bomb yeah and wally phillips yeah and dick beyondy
yeah uh i i have a request i want to know if you could play the i95 song we already did
you already did just played it all right you're gonna be okay no not really but what are you doing
here are you like visiting are you invading are you spying are you oh we're spying and invading good
okay all right have a nice life yeah 1255 at wio d it sounded like ron st john juniors grand son we have
an open line in boca and del re beach 278 9463 don't forget rick and quad are gonna come along
they and they're gonna have another analysis of the great new del show let's go to antenna hello
hey male isn't it great that Jim we live in the boys are gonna take tail in the east this year
yeah don't you like it it's great are you having a dream sure you're having a nightmare see that's
another thing that i love about the pirate fans they're getting more i take it back everything i
said about the metz fans okay i take back everything i have ever said the pirates fans and i used
to be one of them for 30 years are the worst are you listening in the newsroom chuck the worst
i mean it's not even the end of june yet okay we got july august in all of september they're only
like two and a half games ahead of Montreal and the fillies are there and the metz are there and the
meantime they're like they're just like they can't even have a conversation they're worse than the
metz fans why take it all back i mean the metz fans at least they've got an excuse most of them are
from new york my amy whatever happened to the dark way we have to take another break hold on i'm
sorry so sorry about that we'll be right back introducing the six ten w i o d source line
the source line is six ten w one w i o d look at that gtr midday eight women eighteen plus they had
a one jony you got a lot of pressure on your baby got a one okay two breaks this down let me put
that down two one two okay all right let's slow things down a little bit okay things are going
too hyper here let's slow it down so the women can join in the w i o d that's that's why we don't
have any women audience because things are too fast and the women are a little more low key you
know like laid back north my amy hi niel i don't think the women are like this but a couple of the
dodgy now hello what is it a couple of the dodgers from the 1950s were insulted you didn't mention
their name uh... petty mix of calabrum yeah they have bank head let's go to boka hello
boka see there's a line seven again that's happened like ten times today right now has there
been living and reading people on there and they're not there anymore see and it's not the line
of course my amy hello i'm uh... no blue hair uh... one and raised here in Florida yeah and uh... i was
wondering why no one considers us a market because really the music that we had back in the 1950s was
a lot more musical and and uh... that's a good theta tape and child you know why nobody considers
you a market because uh... when we have any money no because most of your dead but nobody told you
nine minutes after one of the w i can't believe it is that what this hour is going to be all about
oh man you got to be kidding me i heard some old fart sneak in there yesterday in the afternoon
what's going on listen w's news right now is having world war three on the air okay let you love it
please tune it in immediately w i o d hello on the boka line on the boka line
yeah w i o d yeah here we go again yes could i speak to neal please speaking
neal Rogers yeah are you doing okay it seems like i know your lifetime really yeah because uh...
big a button i say that's pretty interesting yeah you uh are you from the run uh new york state right now
uh... bubble no no no i i i've been and they got the wrong new yeah i uh
from sircuse near never heard of it honest again well it's where uh... anyway 65 years ago i was
in your appets Kentucky Derby e by a ten to the boxing match what is it sick oh i think we got a
bad connection must be that line again line seven ten minutes after one at w i d are these people
crazy or what what the hell is going on here i think that bill smith and sania coming back to w i o d
okay holy cow stuff w i o d let me congratulate him on the great show what let me
all the congratulations this is terrific i'm so happy that i'm allowed to talk to you you're not
w i o d now we're talking here we go here's that music you've been waiting for ladies and
gentlemen let's get that jury at your audience back okay so we can have those
driving lights that Alice advertised right hold on a second don't go away whatever you do w i o d
i was disconnected you're what i was disconnected i don't have a good reason for it w i o d
deal yeah who do you think it's going to win the national league east let's go to a mobile on from
bokeh on a day line that may must be a mistake pal niel yeah want to tell you that i think your show
is great yeah sure i listen it's had it we're finished pal we're just cleaning up i listen we
ready to rest of the hair off the floor and i'm heading on out pal i drive to my eme suboka
and bokeh back every day and i listen to the radio for about four hours a day yeah and i was
listening to the classic rock radio station that doesn't play the same song on the same day and
you're the one with the unlucky yeah and i found that weekend and we got to play the same music over
and over again just not the same song on the same day uh-huh switch back over to w i o d i listen to
you when you're on that station before i couldn't be happier i hope you're rating do go up and don't
don't hold your breath we're finished we've had it and if you become topical i believe your calls
will be better because you want to have these people waiting their time calling they'll
have something topical to discuss with you right you don't agree no you think they're still going to
call so what are you talking about if we become topical and we'll have all the people like those
three 90-year-olds that we just talked had called in back to back well that i have a lease of
topics in this guy well that'll be great okay have a great life sir i have an update don't ever
call this show again here's a good call in hollywood i can feel this hello hey jackass why do you
attack everybody all the time why do you keep listening sir why do you keep listening but let's
think for years and you can't you are a jacket you haven't been he or you haven't illogic
object you have so a lot of the disease that you can't stop yourself unbelievable i can't believe it
that was the insurance guy i just can't believe we haven't and he's been out there every day
every single day like the guy who called Rick and Cots yesterday they wouldn't miss a minute
see that's the number one pastime in south florida is feeding on your hatred
and that's what the show provides people like this guy we just called what is his name
Saul i forgot his name it's been so long i can't believe he's still out there i can't believe it
unbelievable incredible let's go to Oakland Park w-i-o-d the home of death yes we don't discuss
topics here you jackass corgables i want to the spice apple again on the pom-bites line yes
what to the spice apple again well that's great awesome restaurant yeah had there i didn't get
to teach cobbler they had uh you don't care what you ate what the hell do we care what you ate
well because it was good but that's great you guys got everybody out of your healthy they should take
me don't care what you ate sir w-i-o-d let's speak the meal what is it let's speak the meal
well you have to speak a little out in that are you you got the radio up there sir
yeah w-i-o-d you're nobody hold on w-i-o-d yeah Roger who deal Roger deal Roger Roger's on the
a micronary show in the morning what's happening Neil what do you want what do i want i want to die
i don't believe that insurance guy we i can't believe it i mean that was the most exciting
experience in my lifetime he's been hating me for 14 years and he can't stop listening
i didn't hear him because the dog and the new one was in that arm the last person to hurt me
yogurt stop calling i have a message from Marvin stop calling and pestering melvin he's called
three times today yogurt do not call here again or your history there you go Neil what's that
line ball what is it calling out of they're calling out of the slime out of there are pirates fans
is the i've got an idea for one of your songs calling out of crawling out of the muck from Forbes
field out of a big munghole if they turn it into when they dumped it yeah i i got an idea for
one of your songs Joe Christopher will be on a livery dead by the way Saturday morning how you
gonna live is one for you why Joe Christopher come on you by the time i finish his call these
older people call what do you want i had an idea for one of your songs you know that song that
you do a Whitney Houston our songs sound the same yeah yeah you're gonna shoot the word song for
calls uh-huh you know because all your calls sound the same these idiots keep calling with you
no one else here excuse you know i try to come in and break up all this from that you didn't do it
one sixteen at wio d my amin yeah if you play your mama let's go to a crawl gable hello
uh-huh hello hello yes yes um yeah i like to call my husband a douchebag yeah and i have a
request for what's his name his name's rick oh okay okay what what are you doing like
drowning in the sea of phone what is what is this story sounds like you've got the the cord
wrapped around your neck that's just in that work yeah anyways i have a request for you hold on
wio d hello okay good one wio d wio d hi listen are you really from cedar rapids i want
hold on wio d candle hold it i see she hung up hello but uh-huh see it's not the same person i put
around hold for like five seconds and that's slut from the gables i just called her wonderful
beautiful husband but whatever it was she hung up wio d you know who that is that's ship to
sure i don't even have to hear the voice that's ship to sure now what is it hello yeah are you from
cedar rapids no well then why do you say that to get rid of that old fart oh okay because i was born
there and i thought that would be interesting no i'm from Rochester oh new york oh my god
but i don't know i i have all but what do i hope i hope he's not listening no jeez that lie i hope he's
not listening how i understand i don't want to talk to those slimy old vegetables that are like
120 years old i can't handle it well i hope you didn't hear that i don't know after i come back
from vacation then we're gonna start talking to those people every day we're doing topics
well have a good vacation thanks and do it yourself bye bye
okay let's go to let's see she was in pompato zim far is on the line wait a minute hello
zim zim dropped this loop wio d yeah want to talk to nil speaking nil i heard
trolls do yeah yeah do you know oh yeah do you really know him yes i do and you recognize the voice
yes i do can you believe that sigh her she's an insurance guy and and brown in four-lotter
day he has been caused like like about once every year and a half used to call more often when
i was on a winds heates me gets his blood pressure up it sounds like it's gonna have a stroke on
the phone you are you and just goes crazy and that's like it and everybody knows his voice and i
mean i wouldn't buy a dog tag from this guy and he claims he never listens to you yeah right and
i was there every time you recognize the voice oh yeah i know i already forgotten the name i
thought it was saw something but you're right sigh her like i said he drools dude boy have a good
one thank you pal yeah see they're out there monitoring you sigh okay you maniac
one nineteen at wio d open park why high ratings bring back the bird yeah okay now we're talking wio d
hi nil hi how you doing oh great uh michelle from davie on the first time call i've listened for a long time
great michelle and as a nurse i'm just i'm real happy to hear that you stroke wasn't very severe
i would rather swim in a sea of dog poop for five years then bring back the bird okay
well i don't want to back either that's what this town wants is the bird then they should all move
to lakeland no thank you no well i just want to say the things that you say live on long after you
because i listened to your own wins and zeta and i heard you promoting brick oven on zeta and i finally
went there i'm not going to tell anybody what i ate but it was great yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
well we do it and the amazing part of it is no matter where we go we draw these enormous crowds
even with rick and puts or kind of like a liability but uh no seriously and uh but you never know
it because where the numbers are dropping like a rock in the next track when the name book comes
out we're gonna hold points the fix is in it's all bush you know what she's doing it well i have a
great vacation thanks bye bye speaking of working puts a slut is in the building right now and he's
happy is a pig and a large man he is just so excited because they uh they did it they went from a
two eight to a two nine now seriously they went up in uh the young of the one twenty five to
fifty fours and then man they got a little story there not much but they got a little story if the
people in the building you're i don't want to mention boy gary or any names if they'll just calm
down and relax for a couple of months everything will be just fine but they'll never do it this is
the only station in america that reacts not only to every trend but like the air be weak of every trend
okay so get out the underwear folks because we're going to be doing a lot of changing w-i-o-d
call me mr. vindicated okay birdie nice talking to you yeah he's vindicated he's over there in
lakeland shining shoes let's go to Miami hello hey how you doing now okay hey when you're gonna
have a remote in line cast in New York yes soon real soon that's where i'm gonna be working next
down no i doubt that yeah we go up there every year i hear you talking about everyone's in the
about landcaster yeah i've never heard of like no i never heard of all landcasters by buffalo
right right right let's be a little more pacific okay pacific yeah that's the eastern Pacific
so yeah you're not gonna be going up that way for what i don't know i have a little remote and hang
out and eat some good food sir are you there sure here bye twenty one after one i have this
hour this has been the best for me this hour what side hurts was good but not even an
league with a lot of these other people i mean what the hell are you people talking about w-i-o-d
that was one of the better calls Miami i'm out of a job now well i'll be joining you soon w-i-o-d
meal yeah i were average rules okay thank you that was mark you and i recognize that voice anywhere
w-i-o-d you all right let's talk to me what let's talk to me oh well you don't have to you
have to have the phone inside your mouth okay so it's not in my mouth well it sounds like it or
something else is you know that insurance guy he made the problem for tomorrow yeah why why
you said this sorted i had the radio on i went to turn off your phone no but like now it sounds
like you got the whole instrument in your throat well i'm not talking to you so loud i'm not
talking loud you're screaming no it's real screaming over there it's the phone yeah i'm dying with you
when would you look yeah yeah that's it yeah i just you know second time i call oh and i want to
wish a very happy vacation all right thank you okay bye get a new phone yeah i know okay what a
phone w-i-o-d i do it now okay i'll do everything great listen i i was listening to part of the short
the morning but then i got in the meeting i didn't get to hear your ratings how were they
awesome the front really awful what were they at huh what were they at four five what was it
last time uh four nine you know what i don't understand about this that everybody i talked to
this is clear shot i know who do they hample it's a fix who do they hample uh they go to the uh
u.s immigration office up here at biskine in 79 what they call the uh and they pull all the people
that just got off the rubber raft you know he's not on there yet he is it now his hands are still
bleeding i think the shower is nick naravaro has something yeah i think it's a setup myself
setup and i think that i wish you get two life through a gestation okay about the month of
they're going to be doing nights they'll be doing nights yeah we'll do with uh bad majors no
with the junkies but junkies good luck to you i can't but i take care bye 123 at w-i-o-d and listen
i at least in a lot of you people out there take things for granted you think things can never happen
to you but one of these days you might just be amazed when you open up the door and go out to
your driveway or out to your parking lot at work or out in the shopping mall and your car audio
so we've been in two is that what he said or so i watch it yeah he says yeah he says so many
where that's the same guy that says Rick and putt suck oh i know that's that's the alcohol guy
the one the alcohol guy oh it's i heard his nephew yeah camera hello yeah man here yeah all right
Neil all right this question is a little bit for me i can see your opinion it's a little one
a little less track than what you're talking about right just like what what are we talking about
i don't know if you know what's just going to be a bad call is that it
no it's not hold on a second hello
okay now zimp and that was zim far a long distance on air but i'll let him hold for sayon what is it
i got some trouble over the weekend for the first time my life um my early 40s i was arrested
all right they're my third defense and i like to know it to you know my concern if you get
if you guys a judge and he said you had your probation for the first time do you think you get a
criminal you get a criminal record or will you just be in it and so the rest of your life
yeah for you're on branded is the criminal for the rest of your life there will be a little
ball and change your front door your ass is grass pal listen i came into explaining something to
you mr doom and gloom what what are you what is it now i'm gonna buy the numbers the book
he came into explain the numbers no i know you know what you're talking about but i want
all the ladies i read if you'd have been sitting here yeah and looking at boy gary sitting in that
chair with that stupid idiotic glia she'll look on his face yeah saying what do you make of it
and then bringing me the birch the birch is so birch is so funny that you can have a hernia
laughing okay mean birch you know actually does good in birch yeah i rather have birch
beer any day that birch joke but i can't explain something we were ready to go down in the afternoon
you know why we only have one more ready to go down but i mean in the book okay we only had one
month it started April 24th right we started here April 23rd so this is one month and two months of
Alex now Alex was not going to morph like med for right i hate to bring the news to you what but i've
been here a year and a half no i just came in here to protect my butt however i will remind people
that you were here most of my vacuum when i was sick in the hospital okay well then sure in those
down numbers roll it to the chart well i mean you're trying to cover your hands with that two nine
no what i was going to say is it started we started April 23rd yeah and the last three to the
book last month started April 24th yeah Alex if he had a three and a two and a one which probably
left with about a one okay the average would be a two for the last book right well even if we
brought the next month up to a two we were lost the three so even with us being here we were ready to go
down do you follow that that's what we're going to do follow that first of all all i can say of this
when the spring book comes out the whole book okay if we don't go all go back up the whole station
when it occurs when area was smart he knew this was going to happen you just signed for three more
years yeah but like you guys and me and of course stand with history anyway it doesn't know it
um if we don't go back up they're never gonna crank out your records you're gonna go back up
that's what i'm trying to tell you i feel great i feel great about one i was expected to go down
do you understand that do you understand what i'm saying is anybody under what the hell am i
talking about do you understand that yeah you do yeah okay well we were expecting to go down
the fact we went up a tent is just marvelous miraculous unbelievable yeah but when you go up a
tent from a two eight it doesn't mean much no but at least we didn't go down see what we have to
hope see might disney is now on the like headhandshoek committee with arbitrage and like since that's
happened since he's been on the committee they can no longer find the i.o.d listeners every trend i
mean used to be like you get one bad one okay yeah every book then we started getting two now we
get three now you know they're out there because i've been doing this a long time i mean just look
at the phone you know they're out there hey and they're among 100 people with the sponsors in the
response they get and look at their most yeah and yet the new deal with arbitrage and look at look
it looks like it's an umber is look at a wacky well arbitrage makes the Spanish language and the
ethnic sampling that's going on between the Hispanic and black sampling there are no white people
who get diarrhea exactly okay and the white ones don't and the white ones don't send them back
except the middle 90 who like those uh those blues in the wipes that Alice is selling in a
moment why would you think for that if you to hurt that spot you better like them we may all be
talking about well we may be using them pretty yeah but do you follow what i say we've got a lot
of hair here before you see this listen you didn't have a lot of hair to leave it right in the
front it's on the floor you see this okay i see there's a little average right there that's Alex
yeah i see that too barely so like you see three two one okay you don't have to
spread it out okay this is also includes March so let's say we brought it back up listen
to me yeah this whole thing for all of us also includes exactly you can't fly arch was an
unmitigated disaster for the whole station it was the Alex Bennett Memorial Month okay and when
the whole book comes out would you an included March will be gone so if June is pretty good the
metal goose this whole thing up right at least a point okay now i got news for you if i go back
up over a five yeah next when the whole book comes out i'll be ecstatic you will you guys will
have to like a three five you should kiss we will you and when Yuri goes back up like about a
four eight or a five hill kiss Roger on the lips i mean that'll be great are the trends weighted
just like a ledge now are there used to be but they are alleged now i don't believe that yeah
but you see why we're expecting to go down even if we brought that up that the average between
this you that don't understand we've been expecting you'll back up for a long time we keep expecting
and expecting and expecting and expect to expect to wait i thought i thought this one there was no way
after the station got to a three six year they think we'd be going down again he was he might
as well drove away with cattle prod he did he's only been we've only been here a month you blow
away a lot quicker than you think a batch of cast on this well so there's that hex upon us all
it'll wear off in fact uh he was last seen before went back to frisco climbing one of my billboards
trying to punch those enormous teeth out my god damn throat i heard it's true if he had the ability
you would have done it yeah yeah well so do you understand this is a great day i want to say
i was not a great day i want to explain something to you i'm leaving
private i'm going to your bed how much back do we you're going to be happy and i don't really care
okay i mean i care but it's not like the issue this is my new home so i care so you should be happy
because i'm not unusual because i quite frankly i've never worked at a radio station where you
went out on a remote and people came from north Miami and steward and bokeh they don't they wouldn't
take any other decision i have let me finish i was there all the way down to south bay almost a
p-rime and we signed the back of gefs paper plates from the pizza long so it's pretty bogus
not even our own paper plate bogus so the evil twins in our programming office in there
not only have they are they overseeing the falling of the Titanic the sinking but they're
promotional between the billboards in the paper place we're going to have a poll on that tomorrow
and the next remote we're going to do is take the pictures on the billboards and put them on the
back of the paper plates so you can sign like on the teeth and roll down the mold with one year rule
uh...
well i hope i hope they're listening because i've been full agreement
wait a minute are you still there
uh...
i'm telling you i can't just
uh...
okay we're going to give them far side her shoes home phone number maybe you can call him up and
cheer him up a little bit is a little under the weather
so i feel real good i just came in to say well i'm sure happy that you came in now get the hell out
by the way you think reyny martins upset because i took a little up hope that um
no see i want to bounce this off because you know what i'm at with uh... boy giri is already all right
and i have a feeling because i said something to her the other day we're kidding around she's got a
good sense of the word and i said boy i bet you'd love to do this all the time and her face lit up like
a hannaka bush like she's uh... got it in the back of her mind or the front of her mind that she's
gonna be like my sidekick you know now i want to emphasize i work alone now i've been
and these numbers in spite of that one in tempered call from lakeland have nothing to do with the
bird the bird was a detriment the numbers on this show started going down before the bird left
and a lot of that has to do with stuff that went on here last year okay we can't and won't talk about
right okay right i'm in total agreement but um... so reyny or nice person but i know she didn't come
into that all i don't think that's and i think she may be able to listen if that's gonna get her
no cry yeah to your
right here
okay i want to talk about them every word
mobile
oral
f
from
handsome and
Falon
getting
by
said
b
yeah
so
business
The lawyer said she wanted big bucks and the plaza hotel.
The son of Donald Sonson walked into his room.
All that to find is big for a baby.
The first call comes to me.
I love his kids.
He wants a big heart.
He'll be that big.
But not only this,
like that he's keen,
by making her style a bring up shoe.
So cheer man,
to cock your flat,
to make Donald look by the silly.
To the calmness friends,
the whole ugly end,
like Donald takes with his willy.
Oh, don't want to smart.
He will make things easier.
And fun to laugh that was fine.
Yeah, just like that.
To do, to do,
to do, to do,
to do, to do,
to do, to do, to do,
to do, to do, to do.
I'm about to ask that.
You dare to bond him,
mess your match.
Take the cash,
the Donald's only a scratch.
And you'll be better,
you'll be better,
just as soon as this is over.
And I'm Donald's cycle.
So I'm back in his room,
finding more plans to do,
and reliable.
The post that Donald is gone,
a bladdering bomb.
And I don't need some
and every following one.
You say, what?
Just do, just do, just do,
come on down,
and we'll just do, just do,
just come on down,
and we'll do, just do,
just do, just do,
just do, just do,
just do, just do,
just try to get my stuff to go.
But when would you look at?
147 at W.I.O.D. Margate.
Meal.
Yeah.
Yeah, I had to tell you about this
mung brain friend of mine.
He's a cable man
and win more of all things.
Mm-hmm.
Anyway, he was telling me
about these oxygenated olive oil
in him.
I thought a little,
uh, Godfather music might be appropriate.
Yeah, okay.
It's good luck to you.
W.I.O.D.
W.I.O.D.
Yeah, can I have a question?
Something.
A meal.
A meal.
Have you heard?
I have a question?
Something from Neal.
Like what?
Like the perfenders thing
that I've been dining here.
I want my girlfriend to hear it.
We already played it today, sir.
I'll let you actually
take a picture.
It's not a long cart.
It's a minute and 21 seconds.
I met her at an office.
I give anything to hear it.
You ride her orifice?
Yeah.
Okay, it's in the machine right now, sir.
Thanks.
Anytime.
Sure, because I have a feeling
that could be the next Duane's stop.
That cart.
It's getting close.
It's like bubbling under Duane's stop.
Kendall.
You know, if we could pull that number up,
can you imagine what the station would look like then?
Yeah.
Let's go to the nice room for me, Steve.
Here's in the barn.
I hold on this time, as if I don't hang up.
W-Y-O-D.
I-O-D, what do you want?
Okay.
Let's go to the Fort Lauderdale.
New.
Yeah.
Hey.
I'll let you know what you want.
I'll let you know what you want.
I'll let you know what you want.
Do you want to know what you want?
In Jewish polka nose?
Yeah.
Where do you ever hear that?
Sir?
My friend told me to request it, because he's like, you know,
he's sick and stuff, because he calls...
He's sick?
Yeah.
Like in a head?
I don't know, he didn't stick at the coldest of the...
Or is he just spent a lot of time in the head?
I don't know.
Okay, I'm planning to call you.
You never heard before?
No, he just told me to let you wear it to hear that song.
I called his name.
Who's whistling on the other end there, sir?
I don't know.
It's probably my sister.
Okay, well, tell your sister to get lost.
Go leasing, okay?
Okay.
See ya.
Hello, I'm Ston.
And I'm Harry.
Here to tell you about a special place.
Just a short little drive.
From New York, it's the polka nose.
Let's go.
That's where I want to go.
To get away from it all.
What was that?
In the polka nose.
He can feel that pain.
I saw that stuff.
A shuffleboard, a jume.
I got a nine.
Go for Saturday, lunch.
All for the food on top of your day.
I hope it's coaching the polka nose.
Guy top and bockyle.
Can't hold back in worship.
Manally, a shoney.
They're even making money.
No.
Let's rock and press.
Oh, we let the polka in.
The polka nose.
We'll have some lunch.
And then we'll see our show.
Bristol, New Orlando.
In the polka nose.
Get a hot shake.
No, for the champagne.
Sit by the pool and act like a show.
Let's get the chicks who get me in a show.
Over by the exercise bar.
Hey, choose your way in the polka nose.
Guy top and bockyle.
Can't hold back in worship.
Manally, a shoney.
Don't forget Mickey Ragnos.
They rock and press go.
Oh, we let the polka in the polka nose.
We'll have some lunch.
And then we'll see our show.
We let the polka in the polka nose.
In the polka nose.
Let's go.
If you get your teeth in the water.
I don't like my teeth in the little bag.
But the water in the evidence.
153 and of course the fluson wipes.
Let's go to a halendale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
He's the cutie.
He's in the phone today.
Who is that?
Nick.
Laura.
Laura.
What do you want?
I just want to say hello.
And no, Laura.
She's a cheap, sweet little talker over there.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
That's a good one now.
The opera is there.
Okay.
I want to let that go.
At least we heard something on the polka line which is unusual.
W-I-O-D.
Yeah.
I'm here right now.
Check out.
You don't have to date.
I'm bigger part.
Today's date.
December 25th.
W-I-O-D.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
I got a little suggestion, buddy.
Yeah.
You know, every time somebody hangs up.
Will you tell us who hung up so we can call and bother you?
Well, I tell you what?
You know, like when I hang up now, and you say.
like now. W.I.O.D. was on a vocal line. W.I.O.D. is near Rajasthan, please. What is it?
Near Rajas? Who? Sandy Payton Show.
Sandy Payton Show? Yeah. One, two, four, nine, four, six, three.
Right. W-I-O-D. Sandy Payton is back on. Aren't you know that?
No, I didn't know that. Well, Nails' numbers were real bad, so we're putting Sandy back on.
Okay, I won't call any more than that. She has the Proctologist now when you
like to speak to him, sir, because it sounds like you're a good candidate.
Yes, please. Okay, hold on. Hold on.
Miami Airport. Yeah. Hey, I want to thank you for putting out those pay reports in the morning.
Yes, sir. 75. Yeah. Oh, I caught up with it just as I came on. I want to thank you.
Okay, congratulations, sir. We're here. We're here as a pubic service, okay?
