WIOD presents Neal Rogers.
To get in touch and talk, call 751WIOD in date.
524 WIOD in Brawler, or 655-278 WIOD in the Palm Beach.
Other areas make all collect.
The opinions expressed by the host guests or callers are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Neal Rogers, on New Start Radio 610-WIOD.
Now, this is a client call.
Now, this guy who I am in the hospital, or are you with the son of a kept client?
Or are you with the son of a kept client?
What?
Oatmeal cookies.
Not ours.
You notice how he came in here and he's talking with a mic, but he's losing it.
He really is losing it.
All he wants is the food.
Anyway, we got a lot of food.
We got the Nealys here.
We got the BLT.
Great.
Good stuff.
Thank you, Bernadette, and Wayne and all our friends over there.
You just continue to be the best.
I have a one more Nealie Burger and that's it.
And lemonade.
Good stuff.
Good stuff.
Okay, what are we doing, Melvin?
What are we doing now?
I've kind of lost track.
That guy from New Times.
If he ever comes back into building, I'm going to punch him in a mile.
He was a puny little guy anyway.
It's the kind of guy I like to punch.
Puny defenseless.
Anyway, let's take a lady in North Bimy Beach.
Hello.
Good morning.
Hi.
Hello Neal.
I just thought I'd love to tell you this.
I'm sure it will make you happy.
Well, that's good because you know what an unhappy miserable SOBI.
I have never found that.
So, what's the bird said?
What bird?
Never heard of it.
The Shirley Bird.
I know.
Yes, that's what I want to talk about.
We have just returned from Vegas.
And do you know what I noticed that?
What?
I noticed an absence of Canadian plates on the cars.
Good.
When is it plainly?
They just don't come to Vegas.
I wonder why they don't know how to...
Are you kidding me?
No, because it would be so cheap for them to eat.
You know it.
You get food there for nothing.
Don't spread it around.
Although it's something to think about.
Listen, I can get on it highway 10 right now and head out of here like a bad out of hell.
At least 20-30 miles an hour.
Right, if you tell them that they can get breakfast for $2 and dinner for $5,
that will clear Miami.
I thought you ought to spread it around.
Great. Well, we have been spreading it around with a shovel.
When are you going back there?
When?
To Vegas.
Oh, I don't know.
It's wonderful.
I've been here a million times.
I'm just saving my money for a rainy day.
Like I'm solving it away like a school does with nuts.
I've been some of it at the Marage.
You'll love it.
That's why I heard everybody says it's beyond belief.
It is, it is.
Okay. Well, we don't want anything like that here.
Oh, God, you come back here and you just...
It's so depressing when you get out of the airport.
But do you know your back because immediately you start hearing Spanish?
Have a nice day.
You too.
Buenos dias.
Oh, God.
It's 11-08 at WIOD.
We have an opening in Date County, 7519-463.
Bokeh and Pambi-Ch also wide open.
What the hell happened, boy?
Well, we started out like a house on a fire that guy from...
It's all Nick's fault, really.
Don't rip the guy from New Times.
It's Nick.
That Nickhead.
If he ever did anything right, I would just pass out.
Although he did get Donny Osman on a show that one time.
I'm trying to think of anything else he ever did that was even close to being right.
I can't, I gotta be honest.
I can't think of one.
North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yeah.
How's it going, Neil?
Okay.
Hey.
That show yesterday was great.
Wasn't it?
Yeah.
Yeah, we should have just played the tape back today and I could have stayed home, got some stuff done.
No kidding.
Get a shot of my pellets in my neighbor's yard.
When you had to read that promo, it was...
The best.
I think you ought to do a voiceovers.
Don't you?
You ought to call the agencies, man.
You ought to sign up with the ad team.
No kidding.
I couldn't stop laughing.
So anyways.
I call in sick to work today.
And they go, okay, you might as well quit.
Do you believe that?
What the hell does that mean?
You might as well quit.
In other words, you're not entitled to be sick?
Although you don't say, you don't.
It's not.
You don't sound sick though.
Well, it's not, you know, like sick stomach because I hurt my hip.
Oh.
So I can barely walk and I drive around.
You know how I drive around on the car.
What kind of bastards do you work for anyway?
Not nice.
Sounds like this place.
Yeah, yeah, right?
So anyway, I want to call Felix the Dusebag.
Okay.
Well listen, good luck in your job hunting.
I know somebody you'd probably like to spend some time with him.
He could go out and pedal latch on to you.
You know, when you find a new job, he can be your hip kick.
Yeah, right?
All right, and you'll take an easy...
Good luck, pal.
You'll need it.
Ten minutes after 11 at WID and Open Line and Data,
if you move real fast now,
that's our little psychological Steve King game that we like to play with the audience.
If you rush, if you move quickly, 751 WIOD.
Too bad that he's not going to be dead in New York, isn't it?
I want to hear from everybody who's upset that Steve's not kicking ass in New York.
A mobile in Miami.
Hello.
How you doing?
My name is Bruce and I just want to tell you have a new fan and that's me.
Well, that's great, Bruce.
I've been hearing your name and my family for about six months now.
And I took my wife's car.
It turned the radio on.
Here came 610, which I've never turned on in my life.
And I think you're the greatest.
Well, you're right, Bruce.
Thank you very kindly.
You have excellent taste and a wonderful wife.
You're right on both counts.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Good luck to you, Bruce.
Thank you.
You'll need it with a name like that.
It's 11 after 11 at WID.
When we come back after the break now, I see I shouldn't do this because then they'll all hang up.
And I don't want you to do that because that'll make me very angry.
Like Michael said in the Godfather, that'll make me very angry.
In fact, if you ever seen Michael Corleone and Gilbert together, I don't think so.
Didn't he have kind of like a little quagga layer too?
I think he also went to the Bob Koozy school of something of articulation.
Anyway, we got that dick-perton stuff from what is the station he's on now?
Q95, I mean, your KQI in Detroit.
And there are two, by the way, I'm just giving you advanced notice, Melvin.
There are two bits back to back that I want to play.
They run into each other, but just let it go.
In fact, I think the last thing he says is dick.
Uh, pertin, no.
It's Wings Plus that we're talking about right now.
I'm getting so disorganized.
Q95, WID.
Should we take the mobile before we do a dick-perton?
We better do it.
If they're still there in Del Rey.
Yeah, Neil.
Great, sir.
How are you doing?
Wonderful.
Listen, man, last yesterday's show is the best.
And I'd really like to start the Gilbert fan club.
All right.
He's definitely the hidden cult hero.
He was a spice of life.
All our friends were talking about him.
It was really funny to ya.
Take me to an abogame.
Oh, that's great.
He's the best.
Yeah, is it possible to get a copy of that tape?
You know, the best of Gilbert?
The best of Gilbert.
We're working on it right now.
Coming to a music store in here soon.
Sure.
Yeah.
And with each, if anybody wants to start the fan club, we'll give one bumper sticker
along if you love Gilbert and the Big Gilbert T-shirt.
And the...
I don't forget Joey made a real boner yesterday.
If I can say that, he invited Gilbert to be a guest on his show this Saturday.
I have a feeling that one of them will not be on the show the following Saturday.
And it might not be Gilbert.
Oh, no, I don't think so.
He's pretty funny, guy.
He's the best.
Yeah, he is.
He really put out a lot of talent yesterday.
Okay, we'll see you around.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Okay, 1117 at W.A.D., I want you to listen to this stuff very carefully.
These two cuts, if you don't whet your pants, listening to this, you just have no sense of humor at all.
Good morning, Dick.
Ronald Reagan, sports commentator on the new Q95 FM.
Nice to hear from you, Mr. former president.
And what is your sports commentary about this morning, Dutch?
Well, I've got my NFL outlook.
Ah, believe it or not, the NFL season began over the weekend with the first of your exhibition games being played.
Well, I'm totally opposed to exhibitionists playing football.
What?
It might be fun for the crowd to see those naked players.
No, no, Dutch Dutch dangerous without any equipment.
Sir, it's really tough on the center.
Yeah, sir.
Sir, exhibition games are not played by exhibitionists.
Oh, that's right.
Their sport is volleyball.
Yeah, well, that's a lot of truth to that.
That is one of the big games that notice camps are you right?
Oh, which one do you go to?
No, no, no, sir.
I don't go to the camps.
Nancy and I like camp lot of troops.
Do you?
It's near Fresno.
It's near Fresno, guys.
I do.
Sir, what about the Lions this year?
Well, I picked them for the Super Bowl.
You do?
How do you figure that, Dutch?
Well, they've got a new stretch offense.
And the idea of the Lions winning Super Bowl is really stretching.
Well, that's for sure.
Thank you for calling, Mr. former president.
Okay, Deika.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
All right, Nancy.
Let's try some short passes.
I'll go down to the coffee table and then look back to the bookcase.
Ladies and gentlemen, with the election tomorrow, our editorial board here at the Z thought it was important for you to hear one last debate between the candidates.
Both parties turned down our offer about the top men, but have agreed to the two vice presidential candidates.
So on the line with me now, our Senator Benson and Senator Quail.
Welcome, gentlemen.
I miss the button.
This won't take too long, Lord.
I got an early tea time.
30, hey, there you go.
He did not.
Did you?
Did you promise?
That's right, Senator Benson.
You did agree not to use the K word.
Oh, sorry.
I don't have my prune juice, yeah.
It's not myself.
That's right.
Gentlemen, what about the issues?
I'm glad you brought that up.
I was just reading an old issue of golf, I guess, there.
No, not those issues, Senator.
What are your parties going to do about, for example, taxes?
I think we'll carry taxes.
No.
I'm a Senator here.
I know you.
Why did you mess up?
He said, tax it.
It's not.
It's not.
Yeah, you know Linda Johnson.
What the hell are you talking about?
I finally got your back.
You know, Kennedy had a bad back.
You did not.
Gentlemen, let's talk about your chances now of winning, all right?
I've got my Z-line, we take it right here.
No, no.
I got a real good shot.
No, that's not the Quail.
I meant the election.
Haven't had one of those in here.
No, no, no, that's not the question.
I had them all the time.
That's why you were fooling around.
You were not.
I was going to get you in here.
All right, gentlemen, thank you for being here and having a good day.
Senator, best of luck.
Okay, 20.
Oh, 20 after 11 at WID.
Just kind of material here on South Florida Radio.
Take part in Q95 in Detroit.
There's a whole tape.
And this is the second one.
I only wish our tape was as funny as this.
This is the second best of pertin benefiting children's hospital of Michigan.
It's on a cassette.
And the same.
If you want to go up to Detroit, you can probably buy it in a record store.
Okay, 20 past 11 at WID.
We have an open line in Palm Beach at 655 WID.
There's tons of stuff on it I can set by the way every day.
That'll be a good hook to get people to look at that.
There's a 715 cuts on here.
We might play a couple more later on today.
Okay, when we get to our law, about 1230.
First floor to the radio.
This is the first floor to the radio.
This is the first floor to the radio.
This is the first floor to the radio.
This is the first floor to the radio.
This is the first floor to the radio.
This is the first floor to the radio.
This is the first floor to the radio.
This is the first floor to the radio.
This is the first floor to the radio.
This is the first floor to the radio.
This is the first floor to the radio.
This is the first floor to the radio.
It's in the hood.
Okay, let's hear from 25 past 11 at WID.
That's a worthy, and we make sure to call it interesting.
Hello, hi Stan Stan. Yeah, Neil. Oh, how you doing Joe? Good. It seems everybody in the business likes to rip each other last night
I was in my car and I accidentally punched up Craig Worthing and night that night. Yeah, what was he doing on at night?
I don't know but he was on last night and he was ripping
Stan
Saying that now stands on at night and he says all stands callers ever do
Just say how great he is and he says all stand does it say mobile mobile and he says why don't you get a show Stan
He's that's all you ever say his mobile and your callers say you're great
He says Stan you have to do something in order to be great at it. He said you have no show really
Continue to rip him. I couldn't believe it. That sounds very much unlike Craig. Are you sure was Craig? Maybe it was Ernie
Oh, I'm sorry. You're right. Yeah Craig would never do that Craig is on first of all mid days on right now
And the UFT always a good friend of mine. He didn't he doesn't do that Craig is just too
Too nice of a guy to do that but Ernie of course for everybody now
Let's look back at those big numbers Ernie had in the book a point two a point one and a point three at a boy Ernie
And he's ripping I guess that's right. It was Ernie because now stands on
Yeah, now he's got some competition
He might not even show up in a book. He might be like the motivation station hopefully. Yeah
I just thought I'd give it a little bit of an excellent reports sir. Thank you
All right, even though we had the wrong name 27 after 11 at W I O D
We had an opening and what do we do? We have it opening and brown
At 524 W I O D here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yeah, you mentioned something about
Jicco whatever heck his name has had an article on Dix Farrell. Yes
What newspaper would it well? It's in the Sun Sentinel because that's a one at the Tom writes for it's on page 9
E today on the radio and the entertainment page
I'm in Miami. You're in Miami? Well drive up to
Hallendale see Sunny Rosenberg while you're there. I can't drive also
I'd like you to possibly repeat that whatever Rosenberg or
Something about strip bars. Yeah, Sunny wants the commissioners all do they don't have any in Hallendale
So he wants them to go on little a junket to a neighboring city and
Visit a topless bar and get perspired and worked up to a frenzy watching
So they can do a little research as to whether they should pass a no-nude
Club place in ordinance in Hallendale
Yeah, okay the trick to the work the word is horny sir desperate
The trick to Hallendale is there in the area
There are new bars, but there is unincorporated section great
Well, that's probably where he wants to go
That's where sunny ought to be in politics in unincorporated places
Supposedly tomorrow afternoon there's gonna be a show I think on the Alex Bennett show having to do with strip bar
Well, let me look at my thing here and
I don't I don't see it on my thing, but if you say so I believe it. Oh, I'll be on it. Oh, yeah
Great very interesting show greater. They're gonna be any topless guests. There'll be a couple
Excellent. Well, I know to get their live studio audience going
Maybe some of those people we saw in the Grove yesterday. They'll show up for them
He's not too pleased with the crap that they're spewing in the paper and I don't blame them
And I'm and I haven't said anything about it. Well not too much
But it's bush league, you know, I mean they don't have to tip their hat to anybody else whatever they're doing their own business and
You know, they don't have anything to one Carlos co-tex
They don't have to give him a bunch of you just he's there and however long he's there they should kiss the ground
That's all he's a lot of class
He has a lot of class for the station
Yeah, at that time of the night you bet and if they leave men air for a couple of months there'd be a real number
You know, I mean they may be I used to do tens and elevens at night
But these people are Johnny come lately's in this market. They don't realize the virgin territory that there is there a night
Because all the other stations are running all his network and tape crap that nobody wants to listen to
Well, I used to be at this jockey for 15 years on and off and the only thing I heard about major show
Which I don't like too much was that air
Some better in the show. Yeah, well, maybe he'll work in WJR and Detroit, sir. They liked it here there
Have a great day. Okay. Good luck to you. Okay. They're all experts everybody knows this business inside and out if they're so smart
How come they're not in management, right?
Well, maybe that's a rhetorical question maybe because they know something let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Yeah, hi Neil. Hi, listen
I call because the guy you had in your first half hour the one who was talking about these numbers in New York
Yeah, that's the guy that had the 11 12,000 raised in the condominium in the bank account. No that guy had a low voice
No, that was not the same guy
No, because he that was one of the talks about the conspiracy between leaf Fowler. Yeah, no, that was not the same guy
Oh, that guy had a real old low voice this guy had a higher voice. No, he well, maybe he was throwing his voice
No, I thought it was low, too, but anyway, well, I don't know how low how low can he go, sir?
He always a pretty low. He always has insight information about games. Well, I know what we know what the number was the number was the two
eight and he said no, now it's going lower and that's what I became a little Larry because there's no the trends are gonna be out in any market for another
10 days or so, so I don't know what he's talking about exactly, but you know
Also that's stock well. Is that the stock well the guy you from Christine?
John stock well, he was in top gun. Was he?
He's in the first the beginning. He's the pilot that washes out which enables Tom Cruz to go to the Tom
Well, isn't that nice how come we couldn't have gotten Tom Cruz to wash out?
God, maybe John will show up in my next remote. Yeah, that's a good question. Hmm anyway
Enjoy your show. Thank you, sir. Okay. Well, he could be right that could have been the guy
He kept saying to me now is this a client call is this a client call? He kept saying to me now is this a client call?
Is this a client call or he was concerned?
Or he was
He kept saying to me now is this a client call? Is this a client call?
1131 at W.I.O.D.
We have an open line in Broward at 524 Crank 524 W.I.O.D.
Wilton matters is gone well up yours. Okay. I hope that the whole city of Wilton matters just like fades off the map into the ocean
We have an opening in day two and Broward. What the hell just happened there man?
Did we do something evil and wrong? Did we offend the audience?
Don't forget Alex Bennett speaking of that Tommy smothers on the phone comic key
Barani or Barani and that live studio audience and in tomorrow boy
He's gonna have some nude women with enormous
Things I guarantee you he'll have an audience tomorrow, huh Friday
Well, he'll say it's because of the end of the week
But we know where his audience is coming from. Okay. They want a lot of those our donut people in here with the gigantic breasts
And that's where it's at. That's what the Alex Bennett shows all about his big boobs my Emmy
Yeah, yeah, what's up? Are you doing pal? All right. What's happening dude?
I'm sick. How the hang in you're sick. Yeah another one boy my phone can make you to the bathroom
I'll be in my position. Okay
Listen, you got to do something about being being the afternoon about what boring Bennett
Well, you stop it stop it see then he accuses me then he turns around accuses me of ripping him
I've been pretty damn nice to him to be honest with you. Yeah, but he's terrible
I was trying to pump him up yesterday at that crowd at the remote and I mentioned his name and they were all hissing and booing
They have a little boo-doo dolls. Well, it's because nobody gives anybody a chance in this market
Well, give him another week or two and you'll really hate him like poison you pretty weak. Why do you say that?
Let's let's get specific
I mean any you can call up any show and you can say Joe Smith. He's he's weak. Well, what what does that mean?
Doesn't know anything about this market. Well, he's only been here a week and a half
And he brings all these people in from
It's I don't know. I don't like it
But you can't give me a good reason though. I mean the fact he doesn't know anything about the market
That's because Nick is giving him all the information and Nick of course is you know try to sabotage the show because Steve is giving him orders
It's just that when you lighten up. He got that surly look on his face
Just relax. Well, yeah, at least I can do is get even for that stiff guy you brought in from the new times this morning
Now Nick's getting surly and uptight look at a give me a look that could kill any finally started grinning
Because he knows that business has been good this week. He's just moved into a two million dollar mansion in the grove by the way Nick
Sir, yeah, are you following that? Yeah, goes to show you if you keep two jobs at the same time it really pays off
What's on the bail over he said business is tremendous?
That's it. I it's moving fire report. What what's fire report?
Hold on one second W I O D
Can I speak to me? Oh sure hold on is this you? Yeah, okay?
Okay, I just get nervous when I see those lines flash cuz Melvin's doing a whole he's looking for another job
Oh, he's sitting you heard that woman. She said he's about to bail out good
Maybe he could fly the W.O.D. traffic copter we could let him bail out. Yeah, right over Biscayne Bay with clearance hold on W.O.D
Okay, that was just a line checker go ahead all right Alex will have a strippers panel and a surprise guest on Friday
It says on my screen. Okay, so that guy had good information
Hopefully you have to try to listen
Yeah, you're wicked your brutal you don't let up for a second. Why don't you give the guy a chance?
Wouldn't you like to come in and see the strippers tomorrow? No, no thank you. Why not?
I'm not that tight. Oh God. You're one of those
Yeah, they all right. Well, you should have been in a grove yesterday
God you should have seen that crowd you would have been on the fun of your hands and knees on the floor begging pleading like I was
I'll do anything to get him off the air
What is he's not going off the air? He's got a contract for six weeks. Wow
Hold on a second loka
W-Y-O-D
Oh, it was Harry Harry's practicing
Go ahead
Debbie Ellis
Huh Debbie Ellis do I have to remind you what you called about? Yeah, kind of
Well, I know Debbie Ellis by report
Okay, where would you W.I. Do you ever got to find?
Yeah, what do you mean whoever got to find that was us 10 big ones?
Okay, 10 grand for penis envy or something right well Debbie Ellis was defending you and everything well isn't he wonderful? Yeah
Okay, and that's it well
Well, you got her behind you. Well, I got news for you boy. If I ever fall down. I'm safe
Well, you can always run behind her and take a week at least a year to get behind her then yeah
Have a wonderful life and to just give Alex a little chance, okay?
A little tiny a little tiny one you can relate to that. Yeah, I can relate to that. Okay. Have a great day
All right, okay. What a guy bokeh. Hello, new. Yeah
This is a good one thanks me now. This is a client call. This is a client call. This is a client call
Okay 24 till noon at W.I. O.D. Let's do a little break here, Melvin and we'll be right back
20 till noon at W.I. D. This is a mobile from oral springs. I didn't know they could do that there. Hello
Yeah, we can't do it that well either man. I'm already TV Herman. Mobile falls into the body clip
So I think I better hurry up
Yeah, good phone
Okay, excellent call. I guess they can only do like for 10 or 12 seconds in the springs if there's any newcomers in town
Do not move the cruel springs unless you like a lot of
Regimentation okay, you can send your kids to Terevella and they can go step every day
They're all gone event. I think everything is going and
Alex just came in and had one of those big weenies and everything is gone. Okay collect from Dallas
Speak up sir. Speak up. How you doing now? Okay?
Yeah, he pulled a dicky barbell trick. What's that?
Search now. Yep. Yep. He's got the dictionary the electronic dictionary. Oh, God
All those pseudo intellectuals in Dallas I can just see it now like gosh dang
Excellent well that son he's doing well over there. I hate to break the news to you, but he's kicking ass
That's what I hear
Yeah, yeah, he's investigating the Kennedy assassination route again. He's at the grassy knoll
That's what I thought I
See a little if you see in fact that answers the question
You know everybody wonders what that puff of smoke was on the grassy knoll stand was there with a Stogie
You bet and the Stogie too. I got a quick spider fort for you. Okay. You got a guy in there in your newsroom
Shane Thomas. Yes, sir
Oh great my favorite your favorite you need to check it out
Oh
I'll be honest with you wouldn't surprise me at all have a great day sir and say
Call up call up funny socks and tell him I said hi
Okay, honey box. He's doing very well in Dallas. It's 1142
Well, that's because they can't understand what he's saying if they could ever understand it where he said they kick his ass out of town on a rail
Uh, let's answer Dave shall we W I O D. Hey, how you doing today? Okay. That was quick. Who's this?
This is this. This is this is this is Neil. I know that well. I didn't know it was Bruce. Well, how you do you have an advantage?
You know who's on this end? This is true. See their Melvin or me. Hey, I'm calling from the down south. I don't get the boy Gary
I don't get the central you read could you read the article?
Okay, are you ready? I'm just reading the part that pertains to Mr. Ferrell and Mr. Majors that was irrelevant
You want to hear it? Yes, sir. Big Ferrell who was hired by radio station W I O D is a stop gap evening host between baseball seasons
Didn't even make it to spring training embarrassingly low ratings in the fall arbitrage book brought about his premature departure
He was replaced by stand major effective last Tuesday night
The fall ratings book indicated the W I O D audience was overwhelmingly rejecting the strident right-winger
Who previously had been fired by W JNO in the Palm Beach market
Among the unconventional positions that might have turned off the audience was Ferrell's declaration that Americans have a
Constitutional right to own any weapon
But do not have a right to privacy
Ferrell inherited a 3.5 audience share from sports talk at 8 p.m. But by the 9 to 10 hour
W I O D's ratings plummeted to 0.9
W I O D general mangler Mike Disney said a fractional rating is unheard of at W I O D
We have more people than that listening at five o'clock in the morning. He said
Ferrell share improved to a two one in his final hour, which is still miniscule by W I O D standards
But as soon as he left the air W I O D skyrocketed to a 7 at 11 p.m. for Larry King
Disney said the station would have made the change as soon as the ratings book was released
But was unable to because major who until two weeks ago was W I O D's after no
Personality was originally reluctant to take over the 8 to 11 p.m. ship as soon as major agreed to the new assignment
W I O D made the change W I O D still plans to broadcast Yankees baseball games this season
But major will fill the gaps on evenings when there are no games as well as serve as the station swing host during vacation and sick leaves period
That's good end of quote end of quote. That's that's excellent. Yeah
He deserves it though. Who?
Stan yes, and he deserves a little bit more support
But they don't know how to do that here. They like to keep everybody on the rope, you know
So
Was has levied in back to the center to get like his last day? I don't know
He's certainly gonna come in here and to give his regards. I'll tell you that
If you still well, I guess you have no idea if you're still running from Steve
Well, that's that's pretty good now. Now he has to leave now Steve can get his condom when he comes back
Yeah, there you go. Steve Elise will have a place to live
I don't even know if he ever rented his house out
Well, didn't he rent some condo and with some old
geriatric some old geriatric place there in
Margarita yeah, but he's also got the house that I was gonna read out and I changed my mind because I don't want to do business with Steve and
The timing wasn't right either and so he may have a couple of vacancies there
So he may you know have a lot of space to come back to when he bombs in New York
That's that's that's good. That's good cinema. Okay. Good day. So yeah, it's 11
45
Cruel audience man. You're awfully cruel. I'll tell you
Well, I was sitting there yesterday at specs looking around and just
drooling I said god there's just
I have never seen anything quite like that all in one place except maybe when I was in Amsterdam
I just never saw so many hot-looking people all in one spot
And I thought she any one of these people could go home with me and I'd never come back
Let's go to but that's the way it is speaking of that here's a call from the Grove
Hey Neil. Yeah, come on dump those boring calls. Let's have some fun
It's the Grove. Okay
Number one you are really cute when you smile. Yeah, not as cute as Gilbert, but you're pretty darn good
No, don't stand in line at the Camille House. I don't think it's that desperate at the moment
But you know it's uh
Neil
You were good on the field. We're still in cool now this guy who answers the phone or he was concerned about he kept saying to me now
Is this a client call is this a client call?
You were good on the Gilbert show. Yeah, and hey look Neil. Yeah, please
Yeah, okay
You can do it. You get it down. I have a statement Larry. I have a statement to make and a question to ask. Yeah, okay
the statement is um
Yeah
It's only a four-hour show, ma'am
Come back to the Grove. We don't want you standing in the line at Camille's, but
Please dump stand and Steve. They're boring and you're great and three cheers for fat rich. He's not all that bad
Yeah, I know he's right up your alley lady get lost. Okay
Talking about all those wonderful young living and breathing beautiful people in the Grove and this old bag calls in here
Just enough to make me puke
What six hello hello Neil. Yeah, I got a farco fire report for you excellent
Neil you couldn't have been more wrong about him any man that gets hired within two days must be a star
He got hired by FPL to the Sunday nights between midnight and four and I just heard it on a promo on their station
All right
Okay, we apologize
Congratulations, Dickey. You're the best more people will be listening to that show
Then stand show even though stand is only there for two days. Yeah, I got news for you sir
When did you have this hallucination? Well, I'll tell you one thing I got my hand across my chest and I'm about to say the pleasure
Allegiance good do it. It's 1147 at W I O D one of those uh 12 Neanderthals that we had listening at night
I guarantee you we have more people even with El Presidente on last night
We've had more people listening to last the two nights to this radio station and we've had the last two months put together
There's an opening in Broward 524 W I O D and what in Palm Beach at 655 W I O D
Alan who Alan thinkkelson hold on we got a mobile in Palm Beach hello
Hey, no, I don't you wouldn't want to spend all that money while Alan was talking to China, would you?
No, not really you want to get on right away right hold on a second you'll wait right
Oh wait, okay, he'll wait. He's a great American sir now you're ripping the bird which is fine
He's having a lame job, but he has some good points against your big guy. Yeah
You are a miserable guy. You do hate a lot of people. Yeah, those guys Joey and but and the other dudes that coming in see you are just
Kissing butt you know that yeah, but everybody
For station you criticize. Yeah, say gaki what's wrong with him great great guy one of my best friends and gold
Goldberg your best friend. No, I said one of my best friends. Well, you rip everybody and that's right
That's right. I mean it sir, you know and you know who I'm gonna rip now. Oh, God, you know, not guys, huh?
You okay, you had a wait for that
Well, that's the way it goes. I know. Don't worry about it. It was worth it though, wasn't it?
Yeah, you gave it to me the other day about some Yankee owners. That's true. Yes, sir. I heard you here ready him
Okay, we don't need him in the sport. No, he's not in good sports in harness racing and thoroughbred racing
Force came in ninth just like the Yankees did Tuesday good good. Oh, I
And he's not talking to me anyway. I see Tommy Harmer's back. How did when did he sneak into town? What's going on here?
I don't know I guess it's snowing in Chicago
So you had a 38 to one shot that just mislast I came in second. What the hell is going on with this guy?
I believe it and I wasn't even here for the first time. I was with Rebecca Paul from the lottery
And let her know
What happened of our paramutual industry? Yeah, do you tell her to keep her lottery tickets out of the track?
To by the way, well of course we didn't like it too. It's they've done too good
Three billion dollars and two years, you know, I wouldn't oh, you know what they say as suckers born every minute
Yes, the gear we got a big payoff going on here. Yeah, did I hear it? It's up to 20
28,000 the super the dry super dry super that's it and we also
You know what worked great the other day a saturday night and you haven't been here so I don't know
But we gave out $5,000. Don't you think I do your spot challenge?
Do you think I'm living in a vacuum? You are not here because you don't see my fat ugly face that I don't know
What's going on at pomp and o park but you're getting built to your table your cover chart?
Give me a cover chart
Why don't you come in? I'd come up there tonight as matter of fact
My daughter's birthday. We'd like to have you well great. That's wonderful and I love you
Okay, thank you. See you. That's what Joey said too. It's 1153 at WIOD. We have an opening in Broward 524
9463 524 mung
And in honor of Tom jik is column and we also had a call just before these last two and sipping calls
In your column. I have no problem with my credibility neither of my readers
Well, that was pretty weak. Let's see who's around for them. Let's see who's around the wild dick
Hahaha
That speaks for itself. Okay, that was the good cut
Let's go to a for Lauda Dale. Hello, Neil. Yeah. Got a question in the comments. Yes, sir
I'm reading this paper here. I'm not at the same page you were about the Farrell Inn major out or
Yeah, you read down a little bit
The cubs are gonna be broadcast on channel 34. Yeah, but that's in four piers
Well, that's great if you're sitting under the tower
Yeah, or if the wind's blowing just right
well i you know the sun sentinel panders to a pomegranate cowty so much and i
guess if you're way up in uh... pomegranate cowty can pick up thirty four but
down here we don't even know what the hell it is
that's great even if you got a satellite
but it also says that uh... thirty nine still might do some weeknight came
might
might be it could be it ain't it ain't
yeah goal-being hell
i know
the question
i got uh... somehow accidentally roped into being on all of the studio
audience
great
now uh...
that you got any tips there's any warning that i should have before i go in
or well once it can be tomorrow i were lose clothing tomorrow
well no that's not uh... next to you
on next Tuesday
well uh... in that case where some tight clothing okay
i don't know what to tell you i mean the audience in the early part of the
week you'd like four five it's pretty grim
well i tried to get in the moral but of course that's impossible don't you think
that if he's going to do a live studio audience wouldn't be better if they took
and again i'm trying to program his show
but like yesterday it's best we had hundreds of hundreds of people i mean all
together we had a tremendous turnout
wouldn't be more fun if they took it out in the rover they could get like a
whole bunch of people in the studio audience could react
for real instead like five or six people making a barnyard sounds
yeah i would probably better how big is the studio how many people small
small it could it's mexican hold about a dozen people in here very
were very like a ventilated clothing okay
we get free food right because it gets real close yet you get free food you
get fed that's why you're coming right yeah of course okay
nil
yes i have no life okay i like your refreshing honesty surround all counts i
came out of the closet excellent go back in it's eleven fifty six and w i
o d we have an opening in brown or five two four mong and in pop beat six five
five nine four six three
i've got where the hell is Gilbert what happened to Gilbert
melvin what happened to Gilbert
no no don't go shining Gilbert okay i mean we don't want him right off the
back but if Gilbert calls now we got to have Gilbert
all melvin is uh... well look at that i didn't realize that you're right
melvin is on the way out lady you're right
put that Gilbert on the phone melvin god he's like a celebrities call every
other show in town this is the show that he made his claim to fame yesterday
incredible performance and you cut him off
oh my god tom ryan zant robe roe how you doing
are you really tom zant yes i am well he is a panic
i can't wait for the show tonight but i just called tonight
not landing
all that tom ryan see i'm all confused i thought it was tom ryan i used to be
i would dick pertin
tom ryan from not landing yes he's looking better every week by the way
i'm glad i know
anyway i just called to say you had a great show yesterday
well i'm glad somebody did i thought we had a phenomenal show yesterday and
all anybody today wants to talk about is uh... dick Farrell and what a jerk i
am that's about it
um... Gilbert was really funny i had my whole office is
terrible
yeah to bed that melvin didn't put him on when he called today isn't it
did he cut him off?
yeah he gave him the old shine
oh no
what a maniac
so i only hope for success and we're hanging up on him
well we'll be watching tonight with baited breath oh that's right i can't go to
pop it out tonight it's uh... Thursday it's not landing night i'm not gonna
tape it
for us i could watch it at the track but that would be
that would be a good idea
especially when i have my face right up against the screen you know i did
be embarrassing
because uh... panpeters and might just make a brief scene or two tonight
yeah i think you might
uh...
anyway alright you know that's a good one i heard that they were going to
grease his body up with olive oil tonight that's just a rumor
have a great day
okay look at that phone that's pretty depressing forced thinking call see
you've changed you people here have changed the whole tone of the show today
and i'm pretty uh... distraught and where the house might check to by the way
steers day we don't even have fat yinter rich here to go downstairs and raise
hell and get my check and make a big scene and jump up and down on the table and
cause an earthquake
all three lines in brown and wide open like the dead see five two four
wio d five two four nine four six three mimey beach hello
yeah i don't know great yeah i was at the uh... remote yesterday a good time
great well i'm glad somebody uh... it seems like this audience is disconnected
from that and has got my check in there right
oh no we haven't made the transfer yet okay we have to send the brings truck no
check
i don't know what you're talking about i don't want to hear about it and it's
to be pressing i don't want to hear about it
you have to take a loan from larry king
i want to thank you for the picture you gave me for uh... my girlfriend
you bet it was uh... pretty nice
pretty nice of you do i know who you are you're not the guy who's wearing the orange
shirt where you that's me oh jeez
everybody was talking about you they said it in the this guy's got a
five two four wio d and broard or six five five and two seven eight wio d in the
farm beaches
other areas make all collect the opinions expressed by the host guest or
callers are not necessarily those of the station now here's neal rogers
on new stock radio six ten wio d
this is learning to spell with donnell
i'd be donnell jackson and today we're going to spell the word
consensus
fellow with me now
consensus
c o n f e n f u s
now let's you that in a sentence
be careful what you say
those cops consensus to jail
this is the one to spell with donnell
how to donnell jackson
i mean it's what we're coming to
yeah i'm afraid so twelve oh six and wio d
the lady with the dog is on the phone hello
house terror
let's get the indigestion from uh...
billberts
i have to take a home
yeah well giberts okay okay and small doses
yeah i think he got a little bit too hurt
that's a good time
i can't hear you at all are you on some kind of a two-bit phone
and you know
just not not real good
okay that better
okay i'd be out
yeah
scream into that little thing it helps
now probably a
so anyway yes
it was a lot of fun yesterday
i thought so
but i guess i was wrong
well i don't know the audience today seems like they got a whole different
agenda this is not this is not the logical
follow-up to yesterday's remote
but then in this town nothing is never ever a logical follow-up at all it all
went down the toilet when the guy from newtimes was here today thanks to him
and nick
and it will be recovered from that
now
we have to watch out for those people
yeah
problem makers professional problem makers going to write the sensational
story the real story
behind the firing of the bird through a bird's eyes
a bird's eye view
which one the new one you got a new one now
a new one
we do
no billberts not going to be the bird we don't want to have learned you don't
let these people overdo it okay
because then they just they're like a whirling dervish to get out of control
and they're all over the place and then they stop being funny and there's no
novelty anymore
and it just wears out real quick believe me
never never spoil a good thing
right
well anyway i have to go
but i just want to call and say hi
okay give teramaya love tell her the tiny and when he's sending the loving kisses
well be fine if they could get together but i guess he's sort of near to her side
now that he is
when
he's close to being
oh yeah they're both looking very uh... sleek and feminine these days the
operational do that
have a great day okay you do
twelfth of nine and w i o d we have an opening in day one and brown okay as we
try to rebuild little momentum and recover from being thrown off right at ten
o'clock this morning at about five of
and we certainly want to thank the very nice people over new times albert
stern howards brother no doubt
maybe came here to sabotage the show albert who writes for new times
that's what i always wanted to be when i grew up was uh... writer for new times
magazine in my army
and uh... just fabulous i mean talk about making something out of nothing the uh...
bird gets even is what it's all about for sure hope he does get even out
he gets a big job maybe can be dicky farcals i kick on fd all that would be a
match made in heaven
bokeh
yeah high high meal
this is a non-abuse call it from balka
uh...
uh...
was concerned about it kept playing to me now this is a client call the
ccine call now it's not a client call the first time i've had the courage to
call you wonder listening to you from
uh... when you were on
a m two f m and and back to a
and i'm going back to f m i'm going back to f m
the problem is i live in a condominium in balka and we cannot get
a m because of all the steel beams here
so i have to write around my car all day to enjoy listening to you
well did you ever think about you have a place outside there where you can take
a little sony walkman and sit down and
soak up some rays and
on the fifth floor you know it gets so breezy here you have a good
no i don't mean on the fifth floor don't you have here you in a complex
yeah
it's got to have a little pool area down there where you can go and sit with all
the interest and have a sony walkman on to you
but i'm going to talk to you i don't have a mobile phone for the pool
oh no it's another words you're not one who listens you just want to talk
no i listen to constantly
i didn't have a car to call you but now uh...
i have to go to the understand this
i have to go to the party at dawn this
this morning and so i think it i'm going to call
that's great you can always you can always pick up the station on your fillings
we're very strong and dentist offices were almost as big as life
right uh... yeah that's uh... that's the old fashioned way to do it is
yeah
is to put a little uh... all of a sudden i'm starting to hyperventilate my
pop up is just uh...
i know what a perfect is doing a little bit of the you know what doing a
little dance
uh... you know i i didn't want to say to you that uh...
a long time ago you did say this is in bokeh right yes book it that explains it
uh... a long time ago i was station in bokeh at the airfield which is now a
f.a. university uh... huh
and uh... great
those days you're kind of like a little space could have
but yeah and there was nothing here nothing but the book or time hotel and
uh... and club yeah don't we always use like that now
but i've been nice but a pubic service that would be well
course over the years so many people have moved in and the density of the
well as an albert have a wonderful life it's been a lot of well with the
making different that would have made it straight
have a night not in this case have a nice life and call us again some year
okay when you get yourself straight and out 12 minutes past noon at w i o d we
have an opening in brow and in bokeh
five two four w i o d in brow and two seven eight hopeless in bokeh and del
ray two seven eight w i o d
uh...
uh...
to joke
anyway twelve fifteen at w i d congratulations gale is that for publication
can be an answer
oh that's nice she's not uh... uptight and surly a gale just got engaged
what does that mean
all year you're just brutal male than why don't you just uh... sit down a
relax and stopping so negative be more positive like me
uh... we have two open lines in broard five two four w i d and i got to be
honest with you people today i'm i just can't believe you you make me sick
we had such a great time in such a fun and games and then the whole of thing
unfolds on a call to show this morning with gilbert taking phone calls
okay
you think he wasn't even on the show yesterday
and today it's just like every other day man's like guesswork you never know
it's like uh... puzzle
like an enigma
let's get those brow lines go and let's show some enthusiasm and some
excitement at its Thursday already for crying out loud
and let's have a live studio audience for Alex Bennett today and stop sitting
back there on your haunches waiting to be begged and pleaded with what the
hell you people want anyway
you want us to come to your house and bring the food to you is that what you
want you want us to cater your life
i wouldn't be the least bit surprised
and will be over at three thirty
all by the way uh... we want to say special hello to eric in the coconut
growth called us just recently
to bad we ran out of time eric that could have been a hell of a call
anyway let's go to now he's a great guy really is i mean eric was there
yesterday with his orange t-shirt and his girlfriend i don't know if his
girlfriend was with him i guess not and i spelled her name wrong and i'm so
sorry eric
i promise i'll never do it again
let's go to a norwood hello
hello nia yeah i really enjoy your show but then i have been left
uh... you and i have for so but uh...
my father's got a little bit ruffled a few minutes ago when you are put on that
uh... don't know tape
i think i know your shows all fun and games but uh...
as a black person there i thought that uh... they kind of perpetuated the stereotype
that uh...
sir it's a satire it's at thier sir in almost all satire is based on stereotypes
and it's a joke and it's humor and it's her fun lighten up a little bit
have a great day
twelve seventeen at w i would be we have an open line in date county we've been
playing those things for months so if he listens every day i don't know why
it is you just discovered it
my amie hello
hey how you doing great
maybe this will improve your day out there yesterday i showed up just a
joey was far from all over you
oh god oh
the worst moment of my life
i was incredible
if people think you're funny on a radio they should see all in person i know
i think like the best half an hour over at my life really well you must have a
pre-haul to you sir
uh... twenty seven well you must have a pretty slow life i guess the best is yet
to come so to speak
the fact you find an autograph for a friend of mine named debi
debi and she she thank you
all of that mister yenta's in the building now mister troublemaker fair rich
is sat down in the control and didn't come in here today i noticed he's sitting
far away at a distance
in the control room the troublemaking uh... uh... mister lara's himself
to that
that rich let's rip on him or everybody else all he was doing was standing on
the side over there what he did rich yet
but he'd already eaten
all i see he was digesting he has to stand up to digest
uh...
that said hold your head in your hands you ought to be a she talked to the
bird last that mister yenta stop talking to the bird okay he's not going to
tell you anything
other than crying your shoulder i'm sorry sir i'm getting two conversations at
once in a bit comes very confusing no problem at all let's see was Eric still
there when you were there i don't know i don't think i saw your
here i use our it come on you are not going to hurt your image come on you
don't have to be back for larric had an orange t-shirt and blonde hair
uh... i don't know i look like uh...
he looked a little like god on a good day there were a lot of very good looking
young ladies and men there yesterday like i said there was something for
everybody in the grove
and everybody was having a great time back i think i may take over aliex's
place and he can move up to plantation
i'll even let him have my satellite disparate there to till they take it out
now i live in the grove it's pretty interesting it is pretty interesting
i don't usually go anywhere near the cuz i lost in the grove i don't uh... i'm
you know i just don't get it
between the gables in the grove all the streets like wind around it's uh... it's
just too confusing for me
i like plantation where there's basically a university in pine island and
sunrise bull of art and browble and that's it we've only got like four streets
and that's it
three street names uh...
uh...
okay anyway i just want to like it
that you had such an uplifting time and i hope you'll come again
yeah
have a good one you too what a guy
twelve nineteen and w i would be we have an opening in the day counting now
for all of all a happy people all those great wonderful
sensuous people were there yesterday who were just exuding uh... something
seven five one
i mean it was you know we've done some remote other places where the people all
looked like
they've been let out
for a day or two like from our cater somewhere
but this was a pretty interesting crowd in the grove and i take back everything
i've said about the growing pretentious and plastic and make believe
because even though it's true if i say those things and i'll ever speak to me
again
carol city
i don't think great
okay you know i've been monitoring for the last month
i've come up with a list of the top fifteen douchebags for the whole month
yes sir
okay i'll start off at number one of the bottom of the top
well letterman always starts from the bottom and since there are a lot of people
out there that think letterman is hit like our senior than probably want to
start from the bottom okay let's start from the bottom number fifteen is
mcbeen
number fourteen is leaf hour
number thirteen is boygary
number twelve is rick sanchez
number eleven is fat rich
now the top ten
number ten of course grume my favorite joey renalds
number nine the commissioners of mami beach
number eight the bird
number seven louhault
number six the city of plantation
number five
uh... excuse me number five uh...
nicklorence
don't crack now you're getting close
that's right over five nicklorence
number four ten jolette
number three dig ferrell
number two
me
and number one your new neighbors
excellent job sir
excellent i'm working on the very same number one already is that obnoxion guy
yeah he's he he threw up my whole day today messed up my whole day i don't know
who's worse the fact that you're out there
and you're not out there
no uh... howard stern
howard sir no i call you march first with the next list thank you sir good
job good job twenty one past noon at wio d and will continue with your
exciting calls in a second we have an opening in date county seven five one
nine four six three don't lose that dick pertinent by the way melvin
you got it you got a firm grip on it
okay uh... if the golden oldies on more oldie than golden it's time to trade
in your audio equipment for something brand new
at sound advice body and everything i mean it's guys got it all
concert you should be just about ready to go into programming right now i think
in fact there could be an opening any minute
we do have an opening in palm beach i know that at six five five wio d six five
five dreck and let's so what do we talk oh just do in a regular old break now
this is the kind i like rock and sit back put my
bare feet up on the table and stick them in fact reaches face in the just
relax my amy-heat head coach ron rothsteen is
what
this is
okay it's twelve thirty eight at wio d that's what we ought to do every day it's
about twelve thirty we ought to do the loop off and will put two endless
loops on together and just see which one holds out
here's a mobile in my any
you know uh... me and my buddy uh... dammarino uh... we're like we're you know
hanging out
we uh... just don't like the way you make it fun of uh...
you know what i mean?
well he's uh... he's big with the dolphins sir
yeah but you know the times i was on shoulder this person
so you told everybody to give this guy a week couple weeks
i've given this guy a couple weeks hey you know
and if i can you say well everybody's trying to suck up to me or fact
if you're good you know i mean even a good brickware if he's the best
it's good to watch well i'm thinking to go and end of that is magic
well you're good on the radio but i like to lay something before i die anyway
but this guy is uh... it's just i mean is he's nothing is lost
but let me ask you something what you like him
no i don't like him i don't know excuse me i don't know him personally he might be
no no i mean his show
no i do not like his show okay i'll tell you who i like
i like you
yeah even though you can uh... even though you didn't like him or whatever
Steve Kane only because of course we all like to
hey listen Steve and i got along okay well he was here
i mean you as Steve's only problem when he was here he was stubborn
he kept putting the same boring guest on but Steve did okay here
but he did like you know hey we all like to at least i do
well i'll be honest with you i'll be honest with you when Steve was here
though man the audience hated him like poison so i don't know why all of us
no i always like that so listen to me that's a problem with the audience here
if we put on a all of a sudden you like b if we fire a and we put on b
then you want c then if we fire b and we put on c then you want a back if you know
well that's what people say they didn't like him the fact of the matter is
everybody likes the spatialism that's what they buy the quarry that's what they watch for
yeah but let me let me let me face the deep
he was entertaining your and your lady was not sensational after the 20th cup
you know what i'm saying yeah but you're good this guy me is probably a great guy
but he's just very well i don't see how you make him such a supposedly
hip-town like this girl such a what hip-town like
sands and this girl what makes you think san francisco is a hip-town because there's a
lot of queens there is that what makes you think it's all what it is
all day your playing with words no seriously why do you think it's such a hip-town
well i'm California no i think it's a lot of the s i just think supposedly
like Los Angeles is that a hip-town Los Angeles is a nightmare it's like the end of the world
now it used to be pretty nice trying to say those you got a lot of people that you know
feel hey where to get you know quick witty and this guy i don't see how he made it
well i think you ought to give him a chance i think you ought to get on your
okay
god they're brutal they are and don't blame me i mean what the hell do you want me to
you want me to hang up on all these callers is that what you want they are hostile
and i i don't get it i don't get it because i got news for you no matter what it is
and like i said before i said it in a hurry i want to lay this out and i want you
to think about it and absorb it including the people in management who you know
they absorb like a wooden sponge they absorb nothing
but the fact of the matter is that radio for the most part like television is
become more like television people are into programs not actually if you're programming a
station you'd like to put on a half a dozen people during the day and have them be
as
likable in other words have them be as successful as possible so that the audience
you don't get a lot of tune out okay that's that's the goal to keep people tuned in
locked in but the fact is that the best way to do that is to have people who each
bring their own specific audience i'm telling you that i i don't care what any of
you tell me can and i did not have a big crossover i just tell you that and i
don't think rena and i got any big crossover either i could be wrong but i don't
think so and then of course they get the arbitrage and they show all the the
hour that people tune out and when they tune in all this other i i'm sorry
you're never going to convince me of that i think that each personality basically
develops his own audience and it's just like the thing with Bill Carter i'm Q.A.M.
Bill's a good friend of mine i've talked about him i give him more publicity than his
own station because there are a bunch of geeks over there but the bottom line is
yeah he's got some of my listeners who tune him in but he has basically got his own
audience people like what he does he's got a lot of people that hate my guts and that doesn't
bother me because they're it's not supposed to be everything is a spin off of the
new roger's audience that's a bunch of crap i don't i resent that i don't like it
because i think it's a fallacy to begin with people who like this show listen to
it and there's some people that hate this show listen to it because it feels
avoid in their lives but but generally speaking people like this show whether they like
me personally or not is not relevant but they like this show they listen to it people
like renaurion that are used to him and comfortable with him and like to wake up with
him in the morning and like his dry humor and like the different stick they listen to
us in the morning okay and that's it shows radio shows people who listen to stand
i am telling you and i know he doesn't believe this but i believe this with all my
heart i don't think there are that many new rogers people who are stand major
listeners i really don't and the fact of the matter is that when i was on zeta
in the morning different time period different frequency different band even
and stand was on in the afternoon i mean around two separate stations and he was
still doing fine and i don't think that was mostly the neo-roger's audience that
was the stand major audience and that's how this business works and yet the
people in programming and a lot of you people out there don't understand that and
i just i just think that's the way it is you have to develop your own thing and
you can't just suck along on somebody else's co-tails it doesn't work it doesn't
happen because we're all different if we all did the same thing all day long then
it would be a different story and by by this time of the day it would be so
tired of it you bust the radio and have never tune it on again it would be old
right right okay that's what i like is agreeable colors in dear field
i don't care it says dear field on my screen so consider yourself in dear
field all right what it says all right i think i like about melvin i'm on five
aren't i oh i don't know what i'm on are you in west palm how did that happen
and both my off lights are on the board is all screwed up are you in west palm
yeah i'm in west i'm in steward at all hold on hold on just a second hello
dear field you're in dear field all right hold on a second okay okay you know
mind you know no because you were supposed to be next or i know that but you're
okay right yeah i'm okay okay he said a wait for you sir it was my
my fingers getting a little twitchy because i'm going through all of this very
heavy programming crap you know i get very him go first i'm a big call okay hold on
he said he'll wait no yeah i was minding like i pressed the wrong button
don't panic to yes yeah excellent remote yesterday it was great wasn't it yeah
what Gilbert was really good Gilbert where is Gilbert what happened to Gilbert's call
melvin he called first thing this morning in melvin gave him the brush off yeah
oh man i can't believe it after what he did for us now Gilbert's feelings are going
to be heard i love Gilbert man he made her whole show yesterday because those other three
that showed up i'm serious what they added to that show is like what my dogs do in the
backyard every day really the lineup he got now is good yeah what the hell is
everybody catching about what the hell do they want we've got stand back on for
all the stand people and what what what is it that they want exactly i mean it's
that's like there should be worth 80 points alone so what the hell do these people
want they're never happy they're never satisfied and i got a message giving a message
before i go okay ever a pop the douche bag okay sir excellent call that was worth
waiting for right no you shouldn't even took that call oh come on he was at least quick
he's an idiot well whatever you say he was an idiot well let's see about you sir
let's see what your credentials are i want to know who this guy was that was
down there yesterday with you i was listening and then and then i don't want
to barber water's voice who was the clown who was he you mean Gilbert Gilbert are
you you're complaining about Gilbert i am i mean don't hang up on me because i
i'm just giving you my opinion a guy was an idiot what i mean a grown man
well he was concerned about he kept saying to me now is this a client call
is this a client call well he was concerned about he kept saying to me now is this
a client call is this a client call hello yeah i just played that to give you a
chance to redeem yourself to change your mind Gilbert was tremendous now
Gilbert was hysterical you don't think Gilbert was funny the way you make it sound
it's like he carried the show i didn't say he well he did carry the day i mean i
don't have we don't have Gilbert on every day but he was funny as hell if you really
get these people to start calling and say that didn't come down there just listen to
all right i'll tell you what hold on a second okay hold on all right let's clear
all the other lines i'm sorry i apologize for doing that okay you're the only one on
hold on all the other lines let's fight out real quick did you if you heard yesterday
you didn't hear show yesterday then bug off okay if you heard yesterday show
and you heard Gilbert now with us it's best positive or negative or something
like that okay hello hi i heard the show yes and what do you think i thought it
was silly but i had a lot of fun at work okay thank you you're welcome hello
hey it was okay little too much though okay thank you very much sure
but hello Gilbert sucks hello hello yeah i didn't like it at first but he grew on me like a
fungus okay well he looked a little like a fungus thank you hello hello
i thought it was great i was very fine compliment to your show thank you sir
hello what the hell do you want exactly hello he was okay for a few minutes but after that
you should have done okay hello Gilbert kicks out okay now there was a call are you
listening sir yeah hold on okay listen i'm doing this just for you how many other people have
i ever done this for i don't know just because you're such a gentleman in the
scholar and a pain in the ass hold on okay let's go to a date hello come on you can do it
Wilbert Wilbert okay he's auditioning hello yeah bring Gilbert back okay hello hello yeah yeah
Gilbert Fargo and Bennett to talk we love you stand okay you say what no changes now okay hello
come on Gilbert call later hello Gilbert is God okay that must have been Mike hello
I know yeah he was fabulous I agree thank you okay hello Gilbert is great thank you sir hello
yeah yeah I think Gilbert suck is the worst is a pansy okay hello yeah yeah
Gilbert's great okay hello yeah yes sir yeah you were real good yesterday yeah
yeah in the bird what the hell did it all boy thank you thank you hello only if good one hello
great almost as good as double quagge okay hello Gilbert has got to go hello
hello yes sir yeah I wanted to say Gilbert was great your show with the show yesterday was the
greatest hour in a long time thank you sir oh hello hey Neil yeah how you doing okay
Gilbert's wonderful okay okay okay okay hello yes well he got me going I bet sounds like it
Dave Gilbert is the name of my penis hello Gilbert was good you sucked okay hello
hello yeah Gilbert was great thank you sir hello what's the question hello he was a
hello hello Gilbert is the Messiah okay I believe it could be hello long live what who what
Gilbert's the best okay hello hello yes he was the best I've ever heard okay Ronnie hello
I like him I bet hello come on stand we're short on time okay put stand on hold hello
you're a Gilbert a contract right back okay hello yeah tell Gilbert not to buy a house okay
hahaha hahaha oh are you listening sir yeah okay hold on now we had a little break to do
and then we'll come back and we'll finish out the hours we continue with our very important is
like a focus group right on the air ladies and gentlemen it's 12 51 at W I O D and we'll be right back
12 54 W I D fat rich was re doing his recollections of yesterday's remote and of course you mentioned
the food for Monty's was tremendous that was the one thing he keeps talking about okay you're ready
to listen carefully now sir yeah okay hold on W I O D yeah Gilbert suck big time okay sir thank you
very much hello Gilbert was the best hello hello Gilbert was great tell him yes tell him audio
hello yeah yeah great I just want to tell you the first time call it I just started listening at the
beginning of this week shocking I walk around with my head to the right now I'm at work and you know
I've been listening to that FM and they play the same songs over and over yeah ponderous the word
is ponderous sir ponderous repetitious and disgusting nauseating revolting humiliating and degrading
yeah so I said what the hell try it yeah what I love your show I think it's great I'll listen to Alex right
out to you excellent and you know I just want to say you know you did a good job yesterday was
terrific yesterday was one of the great shows in history and a lot of these people are calling in
to try to pour lukewarm water on it I'll tell you what I said there was my walking on nobody can
hear me I'm just sitting there busing up laughing nobody knows we're going on good that probably put
you in a couple of weeks but you'll have a good time hey everybody else who hasn't walked inside try to
get them to do it too excellent thank you sir that's our promotion here at W.I.O.D. for this show walk
man's hello hello speak to me speaking hi Neil I think you should put Gilbert on from 8 to 11 and put
his hand on afternoon drive again okay next Monday hello what's wrong one I don't know what I'm
doing here today hello that's Mr Gilbert to you Kelly oh so cute that is cute that must have been
my next to a neighbor hello thank you ma'am excellent they hello
oh okay yeah every time I hear Gilbert is
Howard Gilbert for president all right couldn't be could it had to be an improvement
Howard hello yes Gilbert's a natural high okay Howard I it's Ricky Piggy a meal how are you okay
Rick I don't give it would really good I think we could use one on new format and have you seen
Rick and Sput yeah lately I've got the check for me I've never been by or anything what's the story
well they're busy eating you know they're trying to stock up like squirrels meal my hats off to
okay good don't tip it don't to bend over Dave County oh Gilbert stop
Howard Gilbert was a super just super thank you boom boom Dave hello Neil
where's that run change John I get him confused is Gilbert your new resident speech therapist yes thank
you okay we'll see you around uh Howard oh come on let's get with it sir we don't have all day here
Gilbert yes thank you Howard who's bigger Dan Reno Vinnie test of verdict
Gilbert that he'll be telling you the answer that when she gets her new show pretty soon on WOLD
date hello hello yeah yes sir speaking it's me okay kind of grew on me like a yeast infection
okay listen I have a good doctor for you boca yes this is wabc new york uh 77 on your dial program
director yes there yes Gilbert Terry's ready to do morning drive you ready for him we want him
for six to ten sir am exactly he works alone by the way okay we're put me on hold okay we'll give you his
number uh date county hello okay Howard hello he's a super guy okay uh so what do you think so far
deal oh I got we lost the Stuart yes deal it's a twin man I beg your pardon it's the
twin how you doing Twitt oh pretty good hey uh Gilbert's great yeah and Michael drives 56 is a fat
ass douchebag okay good job Twitt all right yeah okay sure lived up to his name date county
yeah Gilbert is magnificent okay well listen I'm glad you two are having a good time together
broard yeah he made a poor region you sound like big farrow hey well at least part of that anyway broard
no wait Gilbert you'll be a little later little later we want to save the mix there for the end
date county Gilbert were for terrible oh Palm Beach come on Gilbert sucks okay well we don't want to
get too personal now broard Gilbert you're the greatest okay well there you go that's kind of
like a little uh mixed bag for you there a little uh sampling that's your own W.I.O.D.
on the air focus group we're gonna be doing that frequently from now on tomorrow we're gonna be
doing an Alex Bennett focus group for about 30 seconds anyway all Debra Martinez is in there she is
just ready to dazzle you with that hot news and just get all the guys out there worked up to a frenzy
and then we'll come back with our gigantic big one to two hour Alex today with Tommy smothers
comic Keith Boranney Baranneed some another guy you never heard of and then Hank a sonny and Joe
on sports talk at 605 and Stan major with more audience in one night tonight than Farco had in three
months I think from now on when they come up I'm gonna autograph their body or something you know
like a tattoo yeah because there were a whole bunch of people there yesterday I would love to
have autographed their body I didn't see any of those people well it all depends on what
perspective you're coming from sir trusting I suppose so and one last comment about you look
you're wrong you must you must have been a two-in-two Gilbert I'll tell you because there was
something for everybody there yesterday believe me there were beautiful people they really were
all right I hope you enjoyed your food our food was was available it wasn't the same wonderful
food that you were eating well of course not you're just the pions we're not gonna give you the
good stuff we just give you the leftovers all right what a surprise was right glad you had a
wonderful time okay by the way before I forget would you snore around a little bit and as
you're usual get to the fashion this is the guy that came from Palm Beach that was after Rick
from Rick and Puts to take the Neal Rogers t-shirt off and give it to him he was very demanding but
he wasn't a bad guy and I promised him that I would see to it that we mail him one of those t-shirts
to get him off our ass so please take care of that is an attempt to try to make up for the
disgusting a victor was the board off boy gerry juniors intern victor you look a little like
one of boy gerry's people anyway it's 12 minutes after one at W. Wally had a kind of desperate look
I mean is this what we're coming to is it client call is this a client call or all he was
concerned about he kept saying to me now is this a client call is this a client
okay one 15 at W. I. O. D. let's go to Broward hello hello I wonder if he could help me
well I'll sure give it my best try okay I doubt it now you will I know that Neal Rogers is doing a
lot for the homeless and I have a lot of clothing for men women and children I've gotten the family
to contribute is there any place that I can bring this where are you in Fort Lutterdale
Salvation Army would be delighted well would they do they give directly to the homeless
sure absolutely I close an organization yesterday and they said they put the
clothing in a gift shop now I have a lot of things that are new and I would really like the
homeless to get them I don't want it sold oh I see so I would like to why don't you call up
Camillo's house in Miami and if they because I know they'll put stuff up and if they can't use it
they'll tell you where you can take it or where do you have their phone number you have the number
Melvin no we'll get it for you just because you're so nice thank you
I just have it on low level Marvin so we have something on the air okay why are you getting
me the number which seems to be taking an incredible amount of time boy he is so slow here we go
374 374 1065 why no thank you very much you thank you okay
this is a client call is this a client call or he was concerned or I know it's 117 at WIOD we're
doing screenless so we got a line in brown and a line in the line of brown like I said not
ringing there it goes boy that was pretty disturbing for just a second brown
I was
Dave hello this is Phil but hi Philber how you doing okay and you're driving us nuts Philber
at Gilbert is my hero hold on okay my $50 now Gilbert no but he promised you promised Gilbert
okay let's go to a date county hello Gilbert needs an enema
well I know just who's ready to give it to him sir as they say an ojas it's in the bag
Palm Beach hello yes sir yeah I know I'm from Stewart I know when I got cut off I'm sorry about
that I don't know what happened I went back to you there and all of a sudden you were gone yeah I
get cut off well what that you got cut off I got cut off well you must be Jewish yeah so if you
really take a listen to all those colors most of them call to you I ask you a personal question sir
are you circumcised circumcised okay I'm not Jewish hello hello go ahead it was it was just a
little joke I mean a real little joke go ahead oh come on you cut them hey listen oh no the
we know the deal okay you're not full up and Stewart get serious hey I get you ready to say
that the glam and Stewart don't get circumcised where are you from originally oh New Jersey oh New
Jersey and you're telling me you're not circumcised I'm not are you're not it hangs all of
that now I don't want to hear about it I don't want to hear about it I had enough with Joey
yesterday I don't want to hear about that go ahead now what is it so what are we finally come
out what did he carry you or not I say no carry me what he wasn't there to carry anybody he was
there you were talking like he carried the show I did I did not say that I said that he made it a lot
of fun oh he you know he had listen he was a lot more fun than Rick and Puts and Joey I'll tell you
the three dead heads who sat around and looked stupid from the phone call you guys you had to see
that not a lot of people liked them you're nuts no you're crazy you're dreaming I thought he was
funny as hell well listen let me you weren't there though right right the live audience was on the
floor and I wish I'd have jumped off the table and gotten on the floor with him some of them believe
me I hate to keep repeating that but it's true yeah but no they were having a great time I don't
what you're talking about maybe it just didn't come over on radio but you like them don't you
understand on with this audience no matter what you ask about half of the people call and say it's
suck just to be morons don't you understand that yeah I understand so the fact that anybody called
in and said they liked it is a tremendous plus it's more than Alex has got going
yeah would you have him back again wait a minute we have an artist rendition here of yesterday
it's back just a moment this is from michael hold on a second this is an honest to god like
paintings look at that take out at coconut grove by michael something or other oh there's his card
michael heisman attorney at law and it has look it looks like a scene from animal farm by
George or well there's fat rich and there's me and there's melvin crouching down shoving food in
his face behind the phone it's excellent thank you michael and so what's your what's your
what's your verdicts here what do you want what do you want for my life come on he was bad
I'm not going to say he was bad because I thought he was a panic I thought we had a great time
with him isn't it funny all those sucklings calling it on callershow this morning he put Gilbert on
for I don't know how long as I only heard part of it and everybody that called in had been listening
yesterday or some of them were even at the remote and they all loved it well I mean he said the same
and now on my show where we had him on it's like wow he sucked the way it was boring
he saying take me out to the ball game what 30 times three times how many three oh come on three
I listen for two hours I heard it over three times that's all he did it all right well my question
I'm going over to the Bahamas what is your question you've been on here for the longest
ponderous times here what is it am I a good caller I mean well I don't know even I'm so long I
forgot we'll see I've been listening okay today you've had two people call that they just
started listening a week ago well thank god for that that's because of that heavy duty promotion
from WIOD in our promotion department well no actually the one thing I can't complain about our
promotion because we don't get any well no the other good one guy called he had a good call he
was on for about 50 minutes he was a good caller but 15 minutes yeah the one guy he called you
are telling you he had only been listening for about nine days yeah well he was not 15 minutes
so you're you've been on 15 minutes but not him you've been on a half hour he was a good call all
right in other words you're going to tell me who is good as a guest who's good as a call you can
be like the choreographer of the show anyone no okay it's my really what I'm in closing in closing
I'm going over to the Bahamas yeah good I might not come back I hope you make a fortune okay but
where do you stay when you go over there where I don't go over there I despise the Bahamas
renearies are when it goes over there on all those freebies I don't go over there I can't stand it
okay and my friend wanted me to ask you yeah you you drive a Ferrari if I would you say I don't
own one I don't drive it you don't drive no I drive a poor I drive a little puny poor bed he's
thinking about going into radio yeah yeah he said that if he drives a Ferrari he must make good money
yeah so you're just sure you make good money so what does that mean I make a lot of money
yes so what does that mean he's going to make a lot of money because he's some Shulmper wants to
be on radio and get us off job tell him to get serious and get a life get a life get a job see
you okay well it's been fun talking while I'm glad it was good for you see you say goodbye bye bye
god 22 after one at WIOD
you
hurting from my friend
hurting from my friend
hurting from another that's the best not around
there's these out of work now he's got to find his own lunch now and he knows never looking back again
and
it's more than it's more
it's causing lots of snow
we're tired of hearing how the bird got screwed
because he a man or a bird now he needs to find a job now
he's running out of dough so he's yacking like a loo
hurting from my friend
who
hurting from my friend
who
hurting from another that's the best not around
okay 28 after one at WIOD that's going to be our poll question tomorrow who do you want
Gilbert the bird or Joey
and we ought to have a tremendous response for that okay we're doing little
scrimals between now and two bokeh and pombi chis o pombi chis started ringing we better grab it hello
yes collect some frank will you pay sure
meal yeah
hello hello
yes Frank how are you sir wonderful sir
I heard you talking about me over the radio about your t-shirt
how exactly well rich took you do you take care of it
he's going to take care of it personally okay
the thing is I didn't care about Rick or Scott
wait a minute what is that what now what's Melvin saying no
no
shirts
in
house
says who
there's not one left
you want we get the next batch we'll someone out it may not be
two or two years from circus but as soon as we get them okay anyway
uh it wasn't the fact that
it they had it it was the fact that it was why don't you do a name on it yeah
well I'll put my name on something instead of it to you
well I can go there and you can put your name on it
no sir come on okay thought start getting emotional now
so you really thought there was no look at that here's a truck
Meyer with a whole bunch of t-shirts Melvin you're so full of it
take care of that right now you'll be getting it within a matter of moments
sir truck Meyer has been sitting on them in the newsroom you're one
out of a guy you really are saying I know it and I kept
trying to tell that to Eric yesterday and he said why just
sign a picture and leave me alone already will you
and then there was Joe and Michael there was a whole bunch of real
fascinating people areas today I know I see no way you were looking
oh god I just couldn't believe it I didn't know whether to scream or eat my
dessert and you did a good job yeah eating your dessert
well that's all I did but that's better than nothing
it's on the way Frank all right Neil I'd fun let you know that I am a
devoted listener and I will continue to be one well thank god for you
okay have a great life bye how do you like that
well I guess just hope for me after all one thirty at W.I.D. Frank's
on a little desperate he had a secret stash it says well listen a lot of
people in this building have a secret stash T-shirts too
what is that oh look at this here's my check oh sucking around try to make up
what now how come you were hiding it under there let me just open this up and see
how what it looks like
to Ben Joey's not here so I could just stick it in front oh looks pretty good to
me I'll tell you that looks pretty damn good to me okay we got a line not
ringing in brown and one in Palm Beach and here we're doing screenless boy how
the mighty have fallen is Steve would say wouldn't that what he would say the
mighty have fallen let's go to date county hello
brownered okay brownered I would like to know about how it's like
Dave come on come on get with it make it snappy
and I will be here with you at Gilbert okay that's very good that was excellent
that was like Gilbert's favorite colors
Dave wrong shoster he's not here anymore
date county hello jack meal yeah he's number one okay
bokeh meal yeah hold his Gilbert hold enough to know better
than what I have no idea how good I would my guess would be 35 I don't know I have
no idea 33 32 35 he sounds well done he wasn't too bad yesterday
he was he was fun what what are these people why would you tell me what the
how do they want Gilbert was sensational I thought we had a great time he beats
the bird no doubt about oh god with a stick I think he should have Gilbert
sing take me out to the ballgame during the cubs games yeah that would be great
if we can't see the games at least we can sing the song that's right that's
right okay he's not bad thank you okay I thought we had a great time I guess
I guess I'm gonna have to have the audience call and tell me if I'm having a good
time or not it's like the guy who goes to the doctor and says how do I feel
let's go to a broward hello well won't won't for the cubby if they don't win it's a shame
excellence here that was Gilbert junior I could recognize that voice anywhere dayed
nail yeah how you doing nail terrific hey listen uh listen in no listen listen that was a good show
yesterday man yeah I thought so pal he was excellent excellent how do these people want
I don't know I don't know what they want they don't like Alex Bennett they don't like
stand they don't like Steve they don't like Mike they don't like me they don't like Joseph
Zachi I don't know well maybe they want a thinking Farrell back oh god well and they deserve
what they get hey listen I couldn't make it in because I wasn't work man but you know anyway
the show is excellent you would have been there in person you to just uh wait your pants I'm
telling you you're going nuts yeah two better miss the one of those teachers I know no no chance
no chance no all right next next remote okay Neil good luck you see all right
you know they're all going to call would you send me one of those t-shirts now why did he put that
down over oh that's not it what did he do with it is he already mailing it out frank it's on the way
fat rich is so desperate to try to make up for all of his uh miss deeds and boy that's going to take
a long time that he's already going out there and getting that big minute envelope period look at
that he's got it right in his hand and the envelope as well and the t-shirt and he's going to mail
it out to you Frank uh just I guess I probably should probably sign it shouldn't I put the little
special message on there for Frank like loving kisses and put you up a little bit no I'm not
what are you doing don't go writing something on a cheese what are you doing oh you're writing
on the envelope god I thought you're not only is he trying to look like me but now he wants to
sign my name also broard broard okay up your is pal broard yes i need you yeah good or more yes
oh it's Johnny no it's not Johnny no Johnny junior no who is it
you would you would save the day yeah Gilbert saved me i'll tell you that we didn't have any show
out there we never do they sent me out of those things and uh like a 10,000 claim our first
time on lay six exactly exactly the lay six is what did it for him that's why his knees were
little bloated now he was very funny was a good remodeling thank you sir for your refreshing
honesty okay have a wonderful life he was starting to say date county yes Neil I just want to let you
date county hello date county hello yeah yeah it was hysterically let me tell you when he tried
to read that spec spot that that was that only took about six minutes it was the longest spot
they ever got it was fabulous I mean I'm curious about how much exactly how about your face
I don't know about that it thank you okay see now they're starting to come out you people don't
know what the hell you want that was one of the greatest performances in the history of mankind
I was gonna say the human race but I think we might be stretching it but it was great and
hey hey he said see you don't know what the hell you want nothing could make you people happy for
crying out loud god date county yeah now you got rid of uh the bird now you got that button
looking duck mr major is back on I mean all anything he talks about is you Neil Neil Neil Neil
Neil wakes you up in the morning I'll stick of it I'm sick sick sick sick of it let me ask you a question
yes do you like his show yeah I'm sorry okay let's go to the brown or the hello I don't need two
thousand dollars to the Commonwealth House if you give me a contract okay Gilbert let's go to
one of radio's most embarrassing moments by the way date county hello yeah Neil I got
pp's paper number and he's the original yeah good luck to you uh see one thing about pp
in pember finds he don't overdo it he knows how to just space it out some of these other people you
put them on they're funny for a minute all of a sudden they're like everywhere they just get
overwhelmed and that's one of the pitfalls one of the dangers in this business in fact some of them
become so immersed in their own self-importance that they actually go on other shows and start taking
calls you know what I mean come on traveling Matt start up again call up call to tomorrow morning
and tell them I'm whipping him okay you slime ball that traveling mat for that was just I almost
drove off into the bay yesterday listening to that crap 24 till two at w-i-o-d and we'll be right back
let's see who's around for them let's see who's around the wild dick okay 21 till two at w-i-o-d
why do I have pp on hold is there some reason oh yeah but yeah such a stat oh that's why
date county hello hello don't forget my dick putt and tape from detoyed by the way in their
Melbourne yes yes sir it's near there speaking how are you okay it was there yesterday great and it
was great who is this George George yeah okay and uh how's the audience doing how about your
burden I was the live audience doing what live audience today yeah well we got one two three four five
chair set up there of course not you bet George just bring a healthy appetite wings plus
bringing the food and just laugh a lot and do you get frisk oh well I might be in the lobby on a
way in so it all depends on what you look like Joey's not nowhere around the right no oh man did
you see that that was a terrible well for you maybe that was what that you know if you ever
met somebody that wears too much perfume or something and it gets like all over you he wears not
cologne but I think like ladies perfume it's it oh god there's a wife know this I don't think so
I think she's in the dark with Johnny okay so I'm gonna hop on over there okay you hop over here George
okay nobody nobody steps you on in the way okay sir see ya thank excellent uh one 41 at WIO
day let's go to Boka he said and Boka be gone broard all right Neil yeah all right listen when
you're gonna bring back Dion what are we gonna bring him back anytime he wants to be on the show
oh really I tell you that's that was when he fined the show that's where he's no Gilbert but he's
pretty good oh nice but I'm sure rich I saw him over there but I didn't want to bother the guy he
was in heaven watching Dion at the concert November 25th yeah he said it was great it was fantastic and
I'm sure you some of us showed the ratings that you had Dion on absolutely Dion is what put us
over the top I don't know what I could have done without him man's like you could by yourself but
not like when Dion's here well maybe you're right okay Dion is king thank you much see you
Dion is one king okay I'm glad you said that uh date county
hey roll nobody there broard hey do yeah okay very good question sure where do we come from
uh I think Uranus Palm Beach I want my second way
date county yeah yeah do you say no we have a cross over from Mike to uh to your show I always
cross over man here you Mike you're you're my preference is you and then Mike but Mike used to be
up in here maybe five years right now and since you you joined iod I was mr. one of your shows
well thank god for you sir all right we like those crossover guys now yeah and yesterday
was Gilbert okay no no he's the best okay see how was the bird bring back are you ever gonna have
Gilbert on your show again of course I'm not gonna pay attention to these idiots they just want to
hurt his feelings I mean I did not work yes I worked yesterday but did not work at all I know
which man I that's how I felt I felt like I just sat back and let him do the show it's great I
like that he did look good look uh look at a good people yesterday oh they all look good yeah
I grew up hot they were all hot all right see ya 143 at w-i-o-d brown
erde hi hi how you doing okay Gilbert was terrific what are they did that chance to get
in the mountain commercials yeah I think so I think he ought to I told him to call the ad team I
bet your rush away so you can hire him right away well I'll tell you he was terrific he'd be a smash
joy to show monthly thank you okay bye bye okay a little screen looks here right up till the bitter
red let's go to brown or hello how are all how are all yeah nail wait
they've counted hello yeah I have to tell you that show was bigger than the one in email he just can't stop
he can't stop he's out of control he's psychotic he just is everywhere he's like a
why are you gonna do this you won't hear me for a long why oh you're forward Gilbert had me
speechless I have to admit he was unbelievable and that's saying a lot and anybody who who
thinks otherwise isn't saying oh these people are just don't you understand if they all call
insane was great then they just they can't they they don't have it in them they've got a bitch
in belly ache and I mean I even got to hold this fish so what does that tell you I don't want to
get into that but anyway excellent show you did a great job and I noticed he said that when you
turn it looking at me said something about purge so I don't know oh god it was a great show it
was one of the best I have I agree I thought we had a tremendous time and Rick and Suds really
added a lot that is absolutely nothing whatsoever I mean they I'm glad they got a good lunch but boy
those two they got a they got to work on something like material or anything uh unbelievable
even reading the phone book would be an improvement for those two guys I mean I don't know which I'd
rather see Alex manage strip or listen to a Rick and Sud show yeah pretty close yeah all right
well listen it was fantastic anybody's and things otherwise isn't saying good day okay there he
goes more here from him for at least what's the Thursday till Monday 145 at WIO Dean where the hits
just keep on coming Alex Bennett today Tommy smothers on the phone comic Keith Barroni Barroni
whatever the hell is name is in the studio and a small but select live studio audience George
who called moments ago sounded almost comatose is hopping on down here throw him a couple of flies
to keep him full until he can get here and wings plus is bringing the food come on by and be
sociable Alex doesn't bite at least in person broard hi how are you great listen I heard pieces
at a program yesterday but this guy Gilbert's terrific yeah funny without trying I don't know
what these people are talking about he's basically your perfect foil yeah you can have like a
Gilbert there or something but ever you want a program sure while I don't like to be predictable
you know I like to do it when they least expected surprise sure but with whatever it is I mean
he's like a he's like that guy Paul Shaper you know he's got he's got a funny boy I don't think
he's trying to be fun anything he's being that serious and he comes off his terrible just comes
to anterley all right well I got to go I'm right there at the char-hut I'm ready to go have lunch
though well don't be a later have one for me thank you 146 at WID now that a fat
richest came up with an interesting name for him how about Gilbert Gilbert that might be pretty good
I'm not going to get the card out again I'm too tired 146 well I was pretty interesting
Melvin what was that almost as interesting as this
oh I'm blue but I'm a bad rich but I'm gonna do the bad rich
I'm gonna leave blue but I'm a bad rich oh I want to be like a bad rich
okay it's 11 till 2 at WIOD and huh well listen you know when you're successful like you are
everybody wants to jump on your co-tails and in your case they'd county now yeah what's going on
how you doing dude last time we talked with my birthday man I did imitation of the
papian hat yes sir that was excellent outstanding I thought they were pretty good well it was
better than pretty good you know what I'm gonna do how was your birthday sir it was great
well that's good but you know what I'm gonna do what are you gonna do just I haven't
been on the look into the show lately why not I'm sitting in office where I gotta get I'm
gonna go buy a boom box today great because I have not heard the show for a few days and I'm desperate
take that boom box in the office and crank it up as loud as it'll go and tell those people to
bug off they're all in the old fan here so don't worry oh really everybody's dying to hear the show
where is this all right it's called the ultimate and travel and core gables hmm but what my
position is I saw concert tickets and sports tickets legally great okay so anytime you need a ticket
to see what's the ticket name the who no well the who no they'll should take care of you on that
yeah he didn't we want a kid out a pomecartney no I'm sorry you don't know you want anything
we'll get it for you really yeah well you remember me talking about Eric who was down at the
specs yesterday I didn't hear I didn't I haven't heard the show well three days I haven't heard
the show you said anything I want you're gonna get it for me work on that for a while you want
and Joe and Michael what probably about 20 others who were there I'll I'm not choosing at this
point there's a specs and monies that's right well I'll check them out and see what I can do for you
work on it for me please I'll do that Neil have a great life it's okay no tryouts
a 151 and WIOD let's go I hate to do that because it puts all those people in an embarrassing
position to get of having me falling and drooling and lapping all over the incredible
physical appearance of their bodies they may be morons inside right but I don't think so they all
looked like real great and they they all like Gilbert so what does that tell you
broard that will be but I'm hunting wow okay okay hello hey yeah how you doing dude okay
but I went hanging who's this go out with two ow's oh my god who stepped us on his birthday no less
how you doing yeah did you hear I played happy birthday for you that yeah but I understand
all we're losing all our colors to build calder we understand there's no problem I could have
made it down there yesterday there's a good friend of mine and he needs it more than I do yeah that's
to make something out of that Matt come on traveling Schmendrick he's a douchebag he is he's
a pain in his problem maker chronic trouble make you know what you know what color should do now
what's that just get those voices those people and just plain you know I see their put them on tape
lester Gilbert traveling Matt and who's the other douchebag they called Michael Michael yeah that's it
and uh granny in the morning oh god oh man granny odd is that you know it's your aim no
all right so I don't have anybody to call douchebag so I'll just call myself a douchebag
well we certainly won't argue with that joelle have a wonderful life all right good luck to you
152 at wiod the big pond beach line okay bokeh hey Gilbert is naps hope
okay good one brownered hello yeah i think the truck to kneel
dav koudi hello brownered uh i don't know uh i uh i
uh
pond beach stop with the chronic and stop creating new one
dad i guess i like him
uh oops brownered oops brownered
sorry Johnny i was Johnny bar junior that's all right he's he's not a bad guy just chronic
there's nobody on here is there no there's nobody on that line
dad koudi hello with Gilbert like a squise of pizza
here to investigate you you you you you you you
brownered hello hello yes
the hill yeah yeah uh seven
dad hello oh Gilbert he ain't no oil
oh
pond beach now nobody there bokeh
brownered
he just missed that a couple of times today don't forget he'll be on eight o'clock tonight
with a full three hour show no president no ball game brownered
i fall on and i can't get up
dad
i'm so hungry i can't get up
seems like we have an epidemic maybe we have a little minor tremor out there
maybe Alex brought it with him from san francisco
dad
we're dying over here
what the hell are we doing how did i get sucked into this anyway
aboka
brownered the bad lane
come on cue up cue up that see i used to use uh i forgot how to do this too
uh worried the hell is that other one by the time i find it we'll be out of time so don't
to get too panicky on the phone i can't find it
how about this one's dead my prune you that wouldn't be too bad okay let's try a date hello
about the Gilbert school of boardcasting
wow it brownered why this deal but more around come out
haha
oh that was excellent
pom-age that's another great day
date county hello let's look i draped the soap
brownered i like Alex Bennett is that so wrong
broward
all right just relax Gilbert
broward
oh brusk if you swallow
date
hello you ask who we wanted you
bokeh
Gilbert likes you when people drop the soap
woward
what nothing huh nothing
uh date county hello
almost like calling for Gilbert
broward
all right tiny i'll be right home just relax
broward
date county hello
come on get with it what
what's the lighting route
what is it
what
i heard it date county hello
bro
broward
hello yeah
what's this
date county hello
come on get with it do it
bokeh
hello yes deal
yeah did you uh did you read that article on the paper about the uh
lick code licking syndrome going around
bomb each
to the brown you're a douchebag
broward
you're a dick
date county hello
why am no who i am you know who i am you know who i am you know who i am
you're a dick
oh who i am and
okay if we add about 20 minutes i'd let that go
date county hello
yeah i knew i got something serious i want to discuss
good uh broward
bob Gilbert never stole a phrase right
bob Gilbert that's who that is boy they put you into early retirement and look
what happens man
frightening uh broward
killby two red bastard
date county hello
Gilbert fell backwards in three blitz
date county
what what what what the whole day
broward
everything fine
broward
pop beach
oh Larry
boca
yeah wouldn't it be no turn up the near uh
strand
broward
i knew he is Gilbert
don't get the floor dirty now
date county
broward
nail tell me uh penis
what answer to
date county hello
but Gilbert on instead of
the i don't know how to get
broward hello
would you hold on please
date county
Gilbert stay on your knees
boca
Gilbert too
broward
i got to ask we were i bit my pain
date county
broward
do your pushback
popby okay well listen that uh just about right
what what
what are you writing now
put a piece of gum on it is that what he said
well i wasn't sure
whatever you say hey listen i mean it's your license
broward
do i do something wrong there
hello i think so hello
broward
think i see what you mean
broward
broward
boca
date county hello
you mean i'm shrinking
okay we usually do our last call when we do this
which we won't be doing again for a long time
from boca and look at that it lit up just in time
boca
the birds are liar
excellent okay not bad little out of practice a little bit rusty but it
wasn't all it could have been a lot worse believe me it could have been
worse anyway that's going to do a chuck
Meyer thank god for chuck who found that stash that illegal stash of
unbelievable t-shirts under is the thing in there is standing by with the two
o'clock news
Alex Bennett with Tommy smothers Keith barony that uh
small and select studio audience uh
Joseph gackey and sunny hurt zazaki and sunny on sports talk at six oh five and
stand made here at eight o'clock tonight we'll see you tomorrow morning at 10
here on six 10
w-i-o-d
