Hi, Bob. Hi, Tom. We're the love brothers.
Ah! One area we've never pursued is auto racing.
Oh, sure. We don't know a lot about racing. I mean, we thought you sack
was what you yelled at a day who fingered you in a police line-up.
You know, we're ready to give it a try though.
In fact, we're both wearing checkered flag briefs.
Yeah. When it comes to love, suddenly and I always finish first.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Anyway, Nick and I are co-sponsoring a team in this year's 500.
One with a major corporate sponsor.
Exactly. So when you're at the track, look for Nick and Sonny's team Vaseline.
Oh, sure. Team Vaseline is better known, but our money Vaseline is the better lubricant.
In fact, 4 out of 5 proctologists actually prefer it.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Plus, we've already petitioned the speedway to rename the garage area Vaseline Owl.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
So through, Sonny, anyway, the fine folks at Vaseline are also providing us
with a hospitality tent. Thanks to Vaseline, we can fit twice as many people as most sponsors.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
And if you stop by our hospitality tent, you'll meet our hostess Clarice.
She'll greet you at the door, give you a name tag, and take your hat and jacket off.
No, Jimmy, require it.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
What a bargain, Nick. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Anyway, we feel our team will be very competitive.
We've hired an entire pit crew of women, or as we refer to them crack mechanics.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. They're great, Sonny.
Although I think they misunderstood our suggestion regarding our love van last night.
Because when we got there, they ejected up in the back.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
You know, guys, it was tough choosing a driver.
You know, we want to lend the Vaughn, but she didn't pass the use-ac inspection.
Yeah, it seems her side pods were too large.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Anyway, we did hire a lovely gal. Maria said on top of us.
She's Greek, so we made her our backup driver.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
And her, she's kisses.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
You know, our number one driver, however, is none other than the lovely busty bell.
You might remember last year she drove the Fredericks of Hollywood special.
The car's nose was covered by a peek of a braw.
You know, everybody says she's too inexperienced,
but Nick and I have firstly watched her do two very hot laps.
Yeah, ours.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
And anyway, when Busty wins, we've asked the speedway to have two bottles of milk ready.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
We don't want her to lose a balance and smother Paul Payne.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
You know, Bob, at the Fests' Car on the Field, it took us all weekend to set her up.
But we can now safely say our chassis feels great.
Anyway, we're now using good year's newest design, the Rib Dradials.
They're ribbed for busty safety and enjoyment.
Yeah, it'll become a fiesta colors, but we asked for the standard black.
We found they always look a little bigger.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Why can't we bring you such high quality racing?
One reason, because we're the greatest spectacles in racing.
We're the law brothers.
PEN-21 at WIOD.
Well, we got some heavy duty stuff to play today, I'll tell you.
Serious stuff.
Yes, tough sixteen, tough to fire.
First, there was Calvin Clarence obsession.
Then Elizabeth Taylor's passion.
Now comes an exciting new fragrance inspired by America's number one television star.
Introducing Rosemba's...
...there yet.
Hey, girls, you know women like you and me are never gonna look like Liz Taylor.
So why should we smell like her?
Just do what I do.
Splash some of this junk on and tell your stud muffin to kiss your dear.
Imagine how you feel with Rosemba's...
...there yet on your face.
Believe me, there's nothing bigger than my dear.
Terrier.
Just look for the huge pink can.
New from Estelaultbot.
27 after 10 at WIOD.
We got some calls on the board here.
Now you know who that's gonna be in Daytona Beach, don't you?
What do you want?
This is Walter from Daytona. How are you doing, Neil?
This isn't Mr. Radio?
No, this is Walter in Daytona?
Yeah, I've been traveling the state of Florida.
Come on, you must have Mr. Radio in your trunk, Walter.
Nobody else calls us from Daytona but Mr. Radio.
No, it's true.
I've been listening to you since 87 when I travel the state and I come down here about once a month.
You've been listening since you were 87?
No, no, it's eighty-seven.
What a guy. I mean, it's like about ten years, huh?
But anyway, I told you that.
Pretty soon Willard Scott will have your picture on the today's show.
Listen, my daughter receives a letter and a t-shirt from Fort Lauderdale, the spring break 91.
Is we were just talking about that?
I know, yeah.
George was telling me during the break that Mayor Cox, if we can still say that in Broward County,
says, well, I don't know. Go ahead and give it a shot or not as the case may be, you know?
She said that the intel has a...
Who are they kidding?
No, yeah. She got about six of her friends also received t-shirts.
They did a spot thing. They took names at a random incentive.
But she puts the shirt on. It says, I survived spring break in Fort Lauderdale 1991.
Yeah, good luck to them. First, they chased all the kids out of here.
You said, get the hell out. We don't want you here. You're a bunch of punks.
And Willard make our money with the senior citizen spring break.
And then they were spilling their prun juice all over the place and dropping their depends on the street.
And they blew them out of there. So now they'll take anything.
Anybody dumb enough to come back?
Well, anyway, they had the biggest year that they ever had this past year.
And they told them, I think they turned over a million people. They're in spring break.
And the hotels are really happy with it. And they're not too bad.
I think probably only had like seven people that killed themselves jumping off those balconies.
But they seem to handle it. I mean, it seems to work out.
I hope they don't go back to Fort Lauderdale because my town...
They turned over a million people in Broward County too. Most of them face down.
Over 11 wine-stime, but that's another story.
Listen, I'm going to be in Miami tomorrow. And I'd like to pick up one of those tapes.
So I'll stop by and see you at 4 on 79, right?
Yes, sir. Just the Beast Game Boulevard, a couple of blocks.
I really enjoy listening to you.
Have a great day. Thank you.
You know, retirement just wasn't my style.
So I began working nights down here as a janitor in the solar office building.
Just to keep busy, I guess, because of the Facebook.
I mean, I'm a wage. But anyway, there's the big cheese now.
How you doing tonight? Hey, we're together later, aren't you?
How you doing? You have it a pretty tough knife.
Yeah, yeah. Good night.
Good night. You're going to watch a game tonight?
Yeah, I'm in across the street. Free pizza at Beer Night over there.
I had a pretty tough day. I thought I'd just watch the game with the fellows over at the bar.
Oh, yeah. Well, I'm just going to listen to it on this old radio here.
And tennis kind of shaking.
How do you get a big screen color TV over there? It's best picture ever seen.
I have a big screen color. Great picture.
I heard it is. Well, I'd sure like to be there.
Well, you know, I've got all my work done.
Oh, really? You're all done?
Yeah, you suppose. Maybe I could.
Well, I'll tell you what.
I got my BMW in the garage. I got a Blah Poodnik radio and there I can pick up the.
You can drive me anything. No, no.
I'll give you my car keys. Why don't you clean out my car? I got a wicked stand in the back seat.
Yeah, I've got some stuff in the trunk. I can clean it up with a silent eyes.
I'll be back in about two hours and maybe I'll bring a piece of pizza. Okay, Dad?
Well, dad, listen, thanks a lot. I hear my keys and be careful.
I'll scratch the car. And I'll be back in about two hours.
Two hours. Yeah, I got one. I'm going to watch it.
You're not going to bring.
Are you ungrateful? You asked or said you were worth a second.
I'm sorry.
Hell, you can't be my son. Nobody's that ungrateful.
You breath.
I'll take your.
And stay BMW and run that mother right into the damn river.
You're worth nothing.
Get someone's attention.
Second good spring of wolf and this big face.
This message brought to you by the National Curseing Foundation.
And remember our motto. Go for yourself.
1047 at WIO.
When the big tournament monies on the line,
professional women choose macho tennis balls.
Macho.
We give women the balls to win.
Lake Worth.
Neil.
Yeah.
Second time caller here.
Amazing.
The lake worked.
The first time I called you, I sang a little funk you about the Jewish Chicago Cubs.
Oh, that was the classic.
We played all the time.
It's our tape.
It's on the tape.
You're a star.
Yeah, my call to thank you for that.
For getting on there, I'm going to have to order a couple dozen and distribute them.
You're not going to believe this.
You've got a little surprise for Alora when she goes out into the water for her mick foot of Mara Stark.
Naked Hector Villain away.
Is going to be out there waiting for her.
Great.
I have a question for you.
Yes, sir.
What do Tom McCann and Tom LaSorta have in common?
Tom McCann and Tom LaSorta.
Something to do with shoes, no doubt.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They both have $20 million worth of black loafers.
Oh, that's mind boggling.
Yes.
Something you have to stop and really absorb.
Exactly.
A friend from Chicago called me and told me that one.
Yeah.
So that's out of Chicago.
Okay, well, we'll give him all the credits, sir.
Okay, Neil, I'm out of material.
Have a great life.
Tonight on the movie of the week.
Just another day in small town America.
Oh, Bill!
I've got fresh cherry pie.
I left it to cool on the window ledge.
Then it happened.
Oh, it's gone!
Something snapped in the old girl's brain.
What kind of scum would do this?
Now, she's killer bee.
So, hey there ain't bae.
Why go for it?
Is that a cherry stain on your cover all?
Now, just little outrain's machine, please.
She's a cold-blooded killer in sensible shoes.
She's killer bee.
Now, Floor, I've got to ask you one question.
Did you cut my pie into six pieces or only five?
Hi!
Miss me, baby.
Oh, my baby, forget it.
Oh, matter that I want it.
Even matter beneath the hennet.
Now, ain't bae.
We got to place around it.
That's right.
I got my solid too.
Now, you come on in there with your hands up in it.
Did you or not?
Here I come.
Beware the killer bee.
She just may bury it here.
Don't this killer bee?
Right after Charles Manson in charge,
tonight on the Movie of the Week.
New from the makers of America's
funniest home video.
Bob's saying it is bad, feeling sorry for those senior citizens.
It's America's funniest home accident.
Oh, got it.
No, I feel...
Help! I've found it and I can't get off!
Oh, there old senile and America is picking on them.
Who is it?
It's your delivery, Brian.
Oh, I'm coming.
Oh, oh, oh.
Help! I've found it and I can't get off!
It's more than just Bloopers, Bloopers and practical jokes.
It's real life.
Oh, help me, Dread.
I've fallen and I can't get off!
So, the next time you see an old fart ball,
don't help them up.
Catch them on your camcorder for America's funniest home accident.
Tonight on the National Geographic special.
After 14 months at sea,
Jean Cousteau and the crew of the Calypso
disembarked on a well-deserved shoreleave in Monaco.
I walk into the ballroom of the Princess Palace
wearing a run-DMC t-shirt and ripped Levi jeans.
Suddenly I realized everyone was wearing taxidots.
I was a guest.
Don't miss the underdressed world of Jean Cousteau.
In my embarrassment, I dive into a punch ball
where I encounter my son, Philippe,
snorkeling around the Sherman.
Tonight at 8 on PBS.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hi, Neil.
Good morning.
How are you?
OK. Excellent.
Let's everybody calm down. Take a deep breath.
Yeah.
I'm feeling good now.
Markets of 99 cents can't make up its mind
with the discremery to banana today, the market.
Absolutely.
Or just go to the market and buy a banana.
Or a screen and eat a banana.
And stick it in Marvin's pants.
On the record set.
So anyhow.
Well, a no longer aversion.
Yeah.
I have my first white-hired at Arnold's.
Great.
Is that place built to the monument to you?
You could buy another one in the stick in Marvin's pants too.
Wouldn't that be something?
You could have a two-for-one sale.
Absolutely.
It gets a bit of a high-soft on the surface.
Yeah.
So anyway, what is it?
The place is like a monument.
Well, he's kind of turned it into a nearly palace over there.
The guy's just gone wild and he's got all the pictures.
And it's just amazing.
But you would kind of think that I lived in the back over there.
You would think.
Yeah.
I went in there at about 11.45 at night.
Right.
It was fun.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's kind of a real homie place down to Earth.
It's really, yeah.
It's like something you see in Mayberry or something.
Yeah.
Kind of takes you back to those good old days when you used to go into Robinhoods on Levernoi in Detroit.
You know, I never went into Robinhoods.
Well, that's so you missed out.
I know.
I know.
I know fire-tuck used to eat there all the time.
Yeah.
You know what they need to try and through window there though.
Well, you know, there is one there, but for obvious reasons, I guess they don't use it.
Yeah.
Not a real good idea there, especially when I'm midnight.
Yeah.
It's better to go right inside and be up close and personal.
Absolutely.
You know, I did have some birch beer also.
Yeah.
That's interesting.
It really is.
Well, what's the difference between birch beer and root beer though?
Oh my God.
You can't taste it.
The root beer is more like brown and birch beer is more like reddish.
Yeah.
It's got more of a, how do I describe it?
How do you describe how something tastes?
Well, yeah.
You don't have to know about it.
No, but they don't even look the same.
That's true.
And root beer has got a bigger head.
Well, so to speak.
Yeah.
But listen, where does he get the, I mean, why does he, is he the only person that sells birch beer?
Because I've never heard of it before.
Well, he used to be very popular.
It's, it kind of like takes you a back like I said at the days when, you know, they used to have the fountains with cherry coaks and birch beards like an oldie moldy thing.
Thank God, Cher.
I guess it was before my time.
In fact, when he leaves the big containers of it in here on the floor in the afternoon, and I come in the next morning, oldie and moldy is the best way to describe it.
I hear that.
So we're having our own little laboratory here at WIOD.
Wow.
But I'm glad he enjoyed it.
Thank you.
Hey, did you catch Ted Chackelford from the alley in last night?
No.
Yeah, he was on there.
He was saying that him and Val, when they, they may not get married.
But if they do, he says that Miss Ellie is going to come on the show and say, uh, wait, they can't get married because their brothers and their brothers and sisters.
Yeah, there you go.
Wow.
Okay, grab it.
This clear all production presents possibly the most important concert of all time.
She made aid.
The benefit concert to get she made Okunnersome hair.
She made aid.
Featuring John Bon Jovi, Cher.
Millie Vanilley, Marge Simpson.
Anybody on MTV and many, many more would care to spend.
Check your blow dryers at the door for she made aid.
The concert that's head and shoulders above the rest.
To get available at Fine Arts Alliance everywhere.
Oh, geez.
And we'll be right, because if we had that other car ready, he could say.
Stink car in the desert.
And don't give her a man.
Okay, boy, we're doing it today.
I'll turn to that 24 after 11 at WIOD.
Somebody just dropped off and broward.
Man, you people are sleep at a day.
You're dead.
Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaka, and a chain of radio stations.
Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago.
Hi, honey. How was your day?
Un...
Believable.
Oh, terminal.
There's nothing but subhuman douchebags out there.
Alan Box is suffering from Neal Rogers disease.
Have you canceled the Miami Herald yet?
But honey, we don't subscribe to the Herald.
Oh, no, that's a cop out.
What kind of a lame excuse is that?
Just say no to L-Herald, sir.
Huh?
People afflicted with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings.
What's the matter with you?
Blue-haired old bags from Pembroke Pines.
You know the Yenfins who say, all the ill, how can you say those nasty things?
Running around stealing sweet and low.
Can I get you anything?
How about those bad boys at Windixi?
You know, it doesn't hurt to look.
In...
Incredible.
Neal Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic, please help us find a cure.
Honey, it's Friday night.
You know what that means.
Hey, you know what I got a night?
A night?
What slewfowler got?
Three points, something?
Send your tax deductible contributions today in Carav hot 105.
Terminal.
Unbelieveable.
Over there, son.
It's a full-fledged liberal.
Help the poor.
Help the poor.
Oh, you said this one, dad.
Right, Teddy.
Yes, hunting the wild, raving liberal is just one of the swell things you can do at George Boyce Gardens.
George Boyce Gardens.
You want rights?
Well, George Boyce Gardens has them.
There's the pirates of hot over in Scandal Land.
The Civil Rights Caracel.
We've got that one running backwards.
And...
Oh, here comes my favorite.
Bush Mountain.
The world's only flat, rolly coaster.
Oh, there's Danny the clown.
I'm the vice president, you know.
What a bozo.
So visit George Boyce Gardens.
Come wrapped in an American flag and get in for half price.
George Boyce Gardens.
Every day seems like four years.
George Boyce Gardens, where everyday seems like four years off interstate 95 in Canabun Port.
Yeah, we'll be right over.
Hey, you know kids, I'm hungry.
Let's stop for lunch.
Yeah!
Hey, dad.
Let's go to the big nose.
All right.
Yeah!
Come to zero and know their burger joints bring your family to the nose.
Yes, it's Cirono de burger joint.
Fast food from a big nose.
Just drives through the right nostril and place your order.
Buncher, can I take your order or dare?
At Cirono's, you can get a big hawker with cheese, french fried nose noodles, and a large
punch in the nose.
We offer just 99 cents.
That's Buca Samayir.
And hey mom, Cirono's cooks everything in local estroschnazzola.
So follow your nose to the big nose.
Cirono's.
Cirono de burger joints when you're hungry.
Pick the nose.
Okay, 11.55.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
And that guy I call about two calls ago, that was like not the track.
Yeah.
Is that lead gelette?
Lead gelette.
Sound like lead gelette.
Yeah, it's cereal.
No.
Anyway, maybe an incohered lead gelette.
Pass it.
Yeah.
He was a good guy just a terminal.
No boring.
Anyway, I'm sorry.
Did Rocky Fog premier this weekend?
You're asking me?
I wouldn't go see a Sylvester Stallone movie if you paid me $100 a second.
I'm just wondering because while you're earlier callers, we're using the word absolutely.
Oh, were they?
Didn't you know what was that?
No, I'm trying to avoid it at all costs.
Come on.
I'm a Ricky Tiki star.
I wonder why the countries are just loaded with mental midgets, with morons running around from coast to coast?
Hmm.
I was Rocky movies.
Yeah, that'll do it to you.
Yeah.
And Ricky Tiki's battery port.
Yes, sir.
I had a radio accident.
Now we're hitting into the heavy duty crap, yeah.
I have an punch that station up and here's talking up a record.
Yeah.
It was a song by Neil Young, I think.
And he goes, while you're here with Rick and Neil and it paused.
And he goes, Young Ned is.
You can listen.
I had a half hour, half hour, 45 minutes.
And there's absolutely nothing on the air except this guy is a jerk.
That lady is a whatever and so on and on and on and on and on.
I mean, there's no discussion of situations or events of social problems or anything else.
It's just shock and radio.
Okay.
I like to let him get out of his system every now and then.
Yeah.
Takes the camp off and like a big explosion up there, just all that steam pours out.
Okay.
And then they kind of like iron his head at the same time.
Yep.
Okay.
You're getting hit.
Stand your brides only 12.
You need to stay in a special hotel.
She's jailed, baby.
So make a date of hour, 1-800-8-5-0.
Well, hey, this is the old killer himself.
Jeremy Lewis with a Worma Unilewad.
Believe me, I know how tough it is when you marry a 13-year-old.
But it's even tougher to decide where to go on your honeymoon.
I mean, you like the Muhammad and she wants to ride a pony.
Whoa!
That's my eye opened up the great falls of fire.
Honeymoon Hotel.
Every room has a lot of options back to it.
But we provide cutlery champagne and chocolate milk.
Just listen to Piffy do your old rollin' stone Bill Wormen and his teenage bride.
It's great.
Yeah.
And the waiters even cut up my steak too.
So come on.
So, cousins and chickens, Jeremy Lee's great balls of fire on a moot hotel.
Coastal, like a mason.
When in Rome, do like Roman Polesky.
Wait.
He's our body five.
Everyone will keep the honor of life.
He's a real step such a monster guy.
He's 45.
Time of death, we weapons for walking bombs.
Waiting to go off.
Marty is madly Marty is tough.
This is just about the fourth time he's brought him up.
He is WT uniform and hence he's our hero.
Watch him out of the ass.
Come on, man.
We're perfect to throw myself.
Marty's like anybody hundred pounds lighter.
This is the body of a judo fight.
He's doing it with the blue.
There's no doubt.
We're out of the way.
Kind of a fling a guy.
Toss him out.
Ticking me, doing that clunk of rain with the blue sea sky.
I don't play that way.
He's our body five.
James Bond's got nothing off his go.
Swallow down the air and that's no lie.
He's going for fire.
I am not.
He's our body five.
You're not.
But we want the TV.
Of course.
He's a real step such a monster guy.
Okay, 1225 at WIOD.
Fat reaches here and I have in my hand right now.
This is one of the most exciting things in history.
Unbelievable.
Arkansas, 11 and a half points.
In fact, it's been a long time since I've had anything this exciting in my hand.
I'll tell you that right now.
I have six tickets.
These are Upper Deck 50-yard line.
That great panoramic view right at midfield.
Unbelievable for the Dolphin Raiders game Monday night.
So I got him in my possession.
I have all six tickets right here and we'll draw tomorrow three pair.
In other words, a good boy in pairs and there'll be three lucky winners.
So everybody who buys a t-shirt or a tape or a combination of whatever for a Camilla's house
can fill out an entry blank and put in a little box and then sometime during the show
will draw for the three pair.
I am sick and tired of this commercial where the lady comes on and says,
my son told me about preparation age for my hemorrhoidal symptoms.
Now, why should I listen to him?
Well, because he's also a doctor.
Man, guys.
Even if I was a doctor, I don't think I wanted to be examining my mother's royals.
I don't need the money that bad, ma.
I guess that's every kid in med school's dream come true, huh?
Does he've met no, ma'am?
Let's see what you're pulling.
Now, if you want truth, Bob, and I can tell by looking at you, you do.
You know what that commercial should say?
You want people to believe it?
She'd say, my son told me about preparation age for my hemorrhoidal symptoms.
Now, why should I listen to him?
Well, because he drives a truck across country.
And he's got piles hanging out of him like a clump of grapes.
Ha!
Ha!
There's a male who's not who needs a kickin' butt who's saying.
I'm not who I am.
Things just bring down a work this guy is really a jerk who's saying.
Watch those gas prices fly all on a canvas guy who's saying.
When you're feeling your pain, remember who you should think who's saying.
He's a slap like his crap off the mat who's saying.
For a while, he was gone and then his guy needs a dumb who's saying.
Took his show on the run, got everybody the old who's saying.
Now he's dead in his dues because and everyone's blues who's saying.
Figured he had it made sure he likes the blockade who's saying.
He's a slap like his crap off the mat who's saying.
He's a slap like his crap off the mat who's saying.
He's saying.
Who's saying.
141 in saying.
I think we can go up.
Well really depending on the male, does the male ever come in today?
I guess everybody's well forget about it, huh?
What a bunch of crap, huh?
What are they doing over there at the post office?
What the hell do they do all day?
Each other?
New from the makers of America's funniest home video.
Bob's saying it is back, feeling sorry for those senior citizens.
It's America's funniest home accident.
Oh, got it.
No, I feel.
Oh, oh.
Help, I'm fine and I can't get off.
Their old senile and America is taking on them.
Oh, is it?
It's your delivery, Bible.
Oh, I'm coming.
Oh, oh.
Help, I'm falling and I can't get off.
It's more than just Boo Boo's bloopers and practical jokes.
It's real life.
Whoa, help me, Dread.
I'm falling and I can't get off.
So the next time you see an old fart ball, don't help them up.
Catch them on your camcorder for America's funniest home accident.
Okay, they're going to be taping out on Hellendale Beach Boulevard this afternoon between two and three.
So be sure to go out and check that out just before the J-walking Olympic.
T-T-T!
Tonight on the Cheese Channel.
All right, all right, just quite hot.
Gabe Kaplan stars in.
Welcome back, Ricotta.
Mr. Ricotta.
Who cut the cheese?
And then Cheese McGarritz back in a party five home.
Yeah, you don't believe this?
What, they kidnapped the Lindberger, baby.
Oh, that really stinks.
And then on Midnight Blue Theater, Linda Longhorn practices her craft in deep goat cheese.
Oh, and tomorrow night don't miss Breeze Company, the Ropeford Files and married with Cheddar right here on the Cheese Channel.
T-T-T-T! The Cheese Channel!
10-07 at WIOD. Is this hump day?
That's what they say in Aliquipa, Pennsylvania on Wednesday.
Spencer, what do you want?
You need about $20 for what?
I don't got $20. All my monies at Pompo'no Park.
I haven't got two nickels to rub together, Spencer. Rub this.
Yeah, I got bills all right.
You want my Spencer, by the way, is very nice this morning.
He said he's going to just bring in the coupons next week.
He's going to pay my next to car payments. All three cars.
What a guy. What a hell of a guy.
Just roll out that roll and turn it loose, Spencer.
Shake it loose.
At a boy, get out here, Spencer. You're getting on my nerves.
Anyway, it's 12 minutes. I have one or two items I want to mention about
a good friend of ours, Steve Kane, when we come back for the last time.
And we'll do that in a second.
Anyway, I just want him not going to make a big deal out of this.
I just want to take two minutes and kind of like put this behind me
because I'm really disgusted. I'm really nauseated.
I'm sure he's listening right now.
There's some people who know how to do a talk show.
There's some people who know how to go on a year and be responsible
and who can play the game. And I take a lot of shots at people,
but I try to do them in a humorous way.
And he has some of them are vicious, but still humorous.
And they're not real personal.
Like I don't say, you know, so and so is a child molester,
so and so is a line that anybody with common sense
who's in his business knows where to draw.
Steve's problem is he has never known where to draw that line.
And just before I came here a couple of years ago,
he was having a lot of problem in drawing the line with me.
Now he's having problems in drawing the line with Rick Riley.
And Steve, it's really pathetic.
If you're that desperate, and I really mean this,
if you're that desperate to try to build an audience
and you have nothing else to offer,
then you should have stuck with Levit winestein.
That's all I can say for you.
And I'm not in nobody, and despite anything he says on the year,
nobody has come to me at any point,
because they don't tell me what to say.
They haven't said, don't mention his name.
Don't let the callers talk about him.
We've had a few people call in talk about him.
And if you want up until now, that's fine.
As of now, my own decision is,
I'm not giving a guy any more publicity after this two or three minutes,
because it's pathetic.
And I'm sure when Hank comes on next Tuesday,
he's going to try to draw, Hank suck him into a big shouting match
to try to draw attention to himself.
Steve reminds me of the little kid
who's always jumping up and down to get attention
and pointing at himself.
Like, look at me, I'm whatever, to try to get attention.
And then it's going to happen,
because you not only crossed the line,
all this crap about Rickus having a marital problem,
you know, just make it up as you go along,
just like you made up the crap about how Disney came to me,
and no callers are allowed on Neil's Show to mention Steve's name.
You just make it up as you go along.
Where's the credibility in that?
Where's the credibility, babe?
It doesn't exist.
And when I was on Zeta for a year,
I did something that just infuriated him.
I just didn't talk about him.
He's small potatoes is what I said,
and quite frankly, I agree.
And anybody who believes that Hank Goldberg or anybody else
is going to go on in the afternoon to replace Rick and Suds
when they're sitting there doing a five-four-share,
which is the biggest afternoon drive number
of this radio station's ever had in the modern history
of this market.
With the best demographics this station has ever had
in afternoon drive, is nuts.
So when it comes to credibility,
all I can say to you, Steve,
I would like to have said before,
I wish you no bad luck,
but if you have to do it,
at somebody else's personal expense in a down,
deep down, and dirty, and lying way,
then I feel sorry for its pathetic.
You're making a fool out of yourself.
Get all your people, get your Ellis Rubin,
and get your, your, your, and lady,
and get all your chronic,
and do your stick, okay?
Because that's what you do.
But to have to denigrate yourself to get that time,
I mean, yeah, I poke fun at people,
I talk about people being,
you know, if he wanted to say,
Rick Riley's a dodo bird,
he's dumb, dumb, dumb,
with that song, whatever,
ugly, whatever, that's one thing.
But there's a line,
and Steve has, he hasn't got any clue,
and when they first kind of like squeezed him out of here,
I didn't understand it.
And when he got candid New York,
and they didn't want any part of him back,
I didn't understand it.
Now, after just a week and a half,
I understand it clearly,
clearly,
and like I said,
most people who do a talk show,
they go on the year,
they know what you can say,
and what you can do,
and where you draw the line,
he don't, he has no clue.
And when you're flailing around that desperately,
I understand,
you know what he reminds me of?
Waiters and waitresses who work for nothing,
and they work their tails off,
okay, I'm not denigrating them,
but they work for nothing,
and they have to work for tips,
and that's basically what he has come to at this point.
He's working for nothing,
and has to go out and generate his own business,
and so he's desperate.
But you're not going to tag along for the ride here,
because as of this moment,
I'm making my own decision.
Nobody has come to me and said,
oh, don't talk about Steve,
they don't care, small potatoes.
I'm not going to waste my time anymore, okay?
I'd rather talk about something exciting,
like the Maple Leafs or anything.
It's sad,
it's really pathetic,
I'm embarrassed for you,
and I remember when Alex Bennett was on the station,
did that tasteless and grotesque thing,
which I thought was really crap.
We could play the card,
but I won't waste my time doing it.
I remember somebody getting all bent out of shape,
because it was in very poor taste,
and it sucked,
and I agree with that,
and I still agree.
But it sounds to me now,
like the pot called in the kettle,
puse, Steve,
really crap,
really weak,
embarrassing,
almost as weak as that signal.
1023,
at WIODS, all I got to say about it,
and I'm not going to conduct any conversations,
is there a segment of this audience that listens to him
or power to you,
have a great time,
but I'm not going to feed him.
I have no life.
1030, at WIODS,
George is a little bit surly this morning,
because he was hoping to come over to Florida this afternoon,
hang out, be a star from two to four,
and they didn't complete the payphone challenge yesterday.
What happened?
Oh, Jim Jensen's,
I heard, by the way,
that was a good hour,
from I left Mommies from lunch,
at about 415,
I listen all the way home,
excellent,
now he was good.
Marvin had problems.
What is it?
Marvin had problems?
Well, that's unusual, isn't it?
For Marvin to have problems.
Marvin was born with a problem,
you know what it's called?
Life.
Man, somebody ought to stick something in his pants today.
Like a Red Hot Poker,
his Robbie Benson would say in one-on-one,
speaking to movies,
I saw the strangest,
most bizarre movie two nights ago.
On the satellite,
it was with Zach Galigan,
from the TV show Galigan's Island,
from Gremlins, he was in,
and it's called,
I have no idea.
Well, I don't know names of movies,
okay?
There are a lot of things I can't remember,
and that's one of them,
his names of movies,
or actors, or actresses,
things like that.
Some I do remember when they stick out in my mind.
It's called a morbid obsession,
or some stupid thing like that.
Something mortal,
passions,
something.
And it's one of those movies
that you watch the entire thing,
because it, uh,
it can't its interesting moments.
And you get to the end,
after like,
it was long, too,
it was like at least two hours long.
And you get to the end of the movie,
and the last,
they don't know how to end movies.
How many movies have you seen,
were they ending left you
with a bad taste in your mouth?
And this was another one.
You sit there,
and you feel like at the end of two hours
that you've been cheated,
that you could have been like,
walking the dogs,
or doing anything.
And the ending,
you're just sitting there,
holding a pillow,
and, uh,
oh, man,
it's just,
in saying,
boy, this house sure doesn't need a lot of work,
or something like that,
and that's the end of the movie.
After his brother and his wife,
both the,
go off the,
deep end,
they both kill somebody,
they go off in a car,
and the brother
flores it,
and they roll down the cliff,
and the car blows up,
and they're both dead.
And he's sitting there
in the middle of this house,
this mansion he inherited,
holding the pillow,
talking to himself,
like a bozo.
Boy, was that great.
What time was the movie,
and who was in it?
I just got to,
I mean, if they don't know what the movie is,
from that description,
it was with Zach Gallagher,
and I have no idea who the other people,
how many movies has he been,
and besides Gremlins?
And it's a story about his brother,
and his psychotic wife,
and she's, uh,
running around with some other guy,
and then, uh,
the brother shoots the guy,
and she, uh,
they both die in a car wreck at the end,
and the brother,
the guy,
it's crazy.
And like I said,
the ending is unsatisfactory.
They don't know how to end movies.
It's like, um,
talk about a bad ending.
It's like that,
uh, what's it,
once upon a time in America?
Now, the uncut version,
can we say uncut still?
I don't know.
The unedited version of that movie
is like three and a half hours long,
at least.
And I like the movie,
but the ending sucks.
One time I had built cost for it on,
and we tried to figure out
what the ending of the movie means.
Nobody knows.
Nobody has any idea
what the ending means.
Did he get chopped up
in the back of that garbage truck,
or nobody knows?
Was it all like, uh,
some people think it was an opium,
uh, the guy was on an opium trip,
and the whole thing was a dream.
What does that mean?
How can you sit for three and a half hours,
and then one of the possibilities
is that maybe the whole thing was just a dream?
Ah, man.
Coral Gables.
Hey, hey, how you doing?
Okay, frustrated.
Yeah, I know.
I have the same feeling about that movie.
Uh, movie.
Did you see it?
No, once upon a time in America.
Oh, that movie, yeah.
What a crappy ending.
It was a good movie,
but the ending was just left you limp.
No.
My friends came, they came over to see it.
Remember when they first came out on, um, on, uh, video.
And, uh, we're all sitting there looking at each other saying,
well, what's going on?
I mean, here's a movie that leaves you limp,
and Peter North wasn't even in it.
I don't understand.
I don't either.
I don't either.
It was a real crappy movie.
Anyway, I lost my job yesterday.
Congratulations, sir.
Huh?
Congratulations.
Ain't that nice.
Yeah, now you're independent.
You can be your own man.
Right.
Without money, but independent.
Wait, listen, it's, uh, nothing's perfect.
Anyway, I held on.
I, uh, I called for the ticket, but I still,
I don't want to be like everybody else.
I think it's already spoken for me.
I know, I know, I know.
I want it to hold on.
The healing guy.
Because I didn't want to be like everybody else.
Well, now they're all lit up, but that won't last.
They, they're not fooling me.
I know this audience like a book.
I really do.
Yeah.
I have 80 million people listening,
and there were on days, they, they do it collectively.
That's what I don't understand.
How, can you figure that out in an area of 4 million people
how they like get together?
Yeah.
And they decide these things.
Well, for a week or two, we're just going to lay back.
Yeah, well.
What the hell would it be?
I want to be like everybody else in this, this, this, this, this, this.
You said it's the way you know.
Listen, why don't you say this to your sir, you're a great American.
I'm going to hell a whole tank of helium today.
Okay, even if it kills me.
Okay, Neil.
I feel great.
Oh, boy.
I feel great.
Congratulations on your anniversary.
Thanks a lot.
Take care.
Good luck, pal.
You'll need it.
Okay, 1048.
I love that helium tank, but that stuff doesn't last too long.
You just got to take a real deep hit of that and last for, well, it's still a little bit there, you know what I'm saying?
Look, about 46 RPM.
We have an open line in Palm Beach, 655, 9463, 655.
We don't care and we want you to know.
We still don't have the name of that movie.
Nobody is called with the name of that movie.
No.
What is wrong with you people?
Are you just in another universe?
Gee.
How many times does this happen?
You know what bugs me?
People will say, well gee, you got to go see Goodfellow.
Okay, and I don't go see current movies because they got the satellite.
I got 400 movie channels.
Okay, I don't need to go out and get all that gum on the bottom of my shoes and smell that.
You know the aroma and movie theaters from like the popcorn and the candy.
It's like, like sickening.
It's like, eh, he just want to bar fall over the place.
I don't need that.
And then you got some Yentos talking out loud next to you.
I got my big 46 inch Sony there.
I want to watch it in peace, okay?
Of course the dogs are busy making all kinds of noise and going nuts too.
I want to be just like that guy who called before that I hung up on.
It was going to go to the game by himself.
I just want to be like isolated in a room all by myself like I am right now.
With the windows closed, like in an isolation chamber.
Cut off from the rest of the world.
No dogs, no noise, no crap.
Just my big tank of helium.
That's all I need.
What is that?
Barry, no, not Barry to live.
That's not even close.
Barry to live.
Barry this.
Barry to live.
What the hell is that?
Do I need a little more description?
Should I just give like the whole play by play?
That'll kill a whole show today.
How many movies are there that Zach Galligan is in where his wife is?
Cheating on him and his brother comes to visit.
And the brother kills the wife's boyfriend.
And Mark is that Galligan is psychotic and to try to kill himself.
And he's inherited this big mansion.
And he's got $240,000 in cash in a thing in a bank.
And a safe deposit box.
And the brother near the end of the movie wants to run off with it and goes in and takes all the money.
And then he finally leaves it behind and takes the wife who's been kicked out by Zach Galligan.
And they get in the car and he goes off into like the cornfield somewhere,
which I didn't even know they had cornfields in California.
And he floors it and they go over this cliff and they get killed.
Is that enough description for you?
Do you want me to describe like when they were in the sack?
I mean like every pimple on everybody's body?
Would that do it for you?
Don't you people know anything?
It's 10.52 at WIOD or information station and will be right back.
Mortal Passion.
Yeah, you got it right there, huh?
Somebody called in during the break.
Finally, I let out a...
Yeah, I haven't watched it yet, but I don't know.
Don't waste your time.
No, have you watched First Power yet?
First Power?
Yeah, what's that?
It's a satanic movie with...
I can't remember the guy's name.
Oh shit.
Lou Diamond, Philip.
Yeah, that's it.
It's pretty weird.
It's weird, but it's not anything bad.
Yeah, most of the movies now are strange and the ending suck, you're right.
It's real bad.
Okay.
Go on and play my strong instead.
Don't waste your time.
See ya.
All right, take it easy now.
Markets up six points.
Speaking of satanic crap, yesterday, Geraldo, I get sucked into Geraldo.
No, seriously, because I watch...
What's on...
Oh, I know.
I watch guiding light when I'm watching TV on 4 on 6 on CBS.
And then at 4 in that hour, there are these two in-cipit game shows including the one with Jimmy Thefalo.
Oh, excuse me.
And then at 5, I mean, I'm sitting there, the dogs who drive, I mean, nuts that I'm reading the paper, whatever.
And at 5, Geraldo comes on.
And I can't stand him.
But sometimes the topics are interesting, like the lesbian nuns and things like that.
And, oh, that's not, I guess, anything, any news.
But the bottom line is yesterday, he's doing this satanic stuff.
And then, in the beginning, they showed this picture as a some guy sucking the blood out of a chicken.
I mean, here it is, 5 o'clock in the afternoon.
You people over there at Channel 6, it's just getting into dinner hour.
What is this, a new diet plan?
Man.
They're showing all these pictures of people doing all these grotesque things.
It reminds me of working at INZ and Zato over there in Carroll City.
We had all these Santa Ria people up the street.
Man, with their chickens.
And of course, you only see the chickens and goats once.
When you drive in the morning, they'd all be out there in the street.
And they'd come out to go home.
They'd all mysteriously have disappeared.
I guess it was because it was getting close to lunchtime.
And they had these poor people on their son had been murdered by these crazy cultists.
And they satanists.
And they had cut off his head.
Oh, her all the while.
And of course, he gets into this thing where he's like so concerned.
And he rolls up his sleeves, you know, and he looks in the camera.
We have to take a break.
But we'll be right back.
Because shaking is said, who the hell are you kidding, Haraldo?
You phony piece of crap.
You make me sick.
They should have stuck him in that vault in Chicago.
You know what?
Al Capone's vault.
They should have stuck Haraldo in there.
We could have taken...
We could have raised big money for that.
Miami Beach.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's going on?
Beats a hell out of me.
Mortal passions is the name of that movie.
Mortal passions?
Don't waste your time.
The ending is pathetic.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Well, we finally sold one out, buddy.
Yeah.
Is that a bulletin?
No, it's not a bulletin.
It's just these people, you know,
they'll probably bitch about the parking now.
Yeah, okay.
We're tired of hearing about it.
Okay, geez.
Give it a rest.
We already know that.
Talk about beating a dead horse.
It's like Donald Brainer'd whipping and driving through the stretch 400 lengths behind the field, beating a dead horse.
We have two open lines.
They're both in Dave County.
And they damn well better be filled up by the time we get back.
Or we're going to be pretty upset about it, right?
We don't care.
1109 at WIOD.
Well, we got some pizza here from Flora's, Henry.
How do you like that?
We can't have a dolphin ticket for it, but we might have a slice of pizza some day, no he won't said.
Of course, it got him fired.
1109 at WIOD.
All right, let's crack open those boxes of pizza.
Have a slice or two, getting a good mood here after a surly start this morning.
What the hell is wrong with it?
Took us an hour just to get the name of that movie.
Make a lot of noise while you're opening the bag.
Henry, of course, is either opening a bag or in the bag all the time.
One or the other, a combination of both.
Oh, it's an anti-poth, though.
Is Boris Carl off in there, too?
Why did they used to do that?
Why did they always say, have Boris Carl off saying anti-poth, though?
Why was that?
Sir, isn't that right?
Well, he looked like he never ate an anti-poth, though.
Quite frankly, let's say that bat cut in it or something like that.
If you don't get that pizza open pretty soon, you are so slow and ponderous Henry.
I mean, I'd realize when you get...
Now, that's got mushrooms on it.
How about the other one?
Just pepperoni, we hope.
Not that that's all bad, but it's got the washrooms.
What's that?
Oh, beautiful.
Look at that pie.
Oh, man.
It looks almost too good to eat, but the passam over here.
Carl springs.
Hello, you're Neil.
Yes, Ralph Reneck.
How you doing, Ralph?
How you doing?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
May the good snooze be yours, Ralph.
Thank you, Henry.
Thank you.
Yeah, you're welcome.
Well, are we sure Mr. Ralph, until you're that stintorian voice
that boring delivery man?
That's when men were men.
And so was Ilyana Bravo.
Yeah, thank you.
Thank you.
We've met a couple of times.
You know, I call them.
I've got some things I'd like to donate to Camilla Sal.
Great.
I'm an assistant manager at a movie theater, and we've got a new movie coming out next week called Dance with the Wolf.
I'd like to donate 25 pairs of tickets to it.
Great.
How do we get them?
I could bring them down to you probably one day next week.
Great.
And if you give them out on the air or something to the people, they can use these at any general cinema.
Okay.
Thanks, though.
Well, we'll make them the cheese a little more binding with that.
We'll give them to one of the remotes, like to the first 25 people who cough up a check for Camilla Sal, and buy something.
That would be good.
It's like a little bonus.
Yeah, I would like to see you do that.
Okay.
Or, you know, mention it on the air.
How about mortal passion?
You don't have that movie showing you?
No, no, I don't think so.
No, no, no.
No, we've got good fellas.
Got rocky.
Hmm.
Fire, one more thing about Rocky 5.
I'm going to puke this pizza all over the table.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I've had enough of that too.
Everything that's wrong with the world is on Sylvester's Deloan's face, okay?
Okay.
All right.
Is there a number I can call to?
Hold on one second.
W-I-O-D.
Georgia's eating.
Hold on.
Got some pizza.
Hold on.
Now, what is it, sir?
Is there a number I can call to get, you know, your business office or something so I can...
I'm bringing those tickets down.
Yeah, it's a date number.
I don't know the Broward number and I don't want to be bothered with it.
759-431-1.
You can probably use it in somebody else's phone anyway.
759-431-11.
Yeah, I will when I do that now, okay?
Yeah, great.
Okay.
Okay, appreciate it, Dale.
And we'll thank you in advance.
Okay.
All right, I'll bring them down one day next week.
Thanks, Ralph.
Thank you.
See you.
Good day.
12 minutes after 11, Ralph, Renek, Jr.
Fire the goddamn teeth.
I take outside.
Kick my own damn ass.
You come on here.
And you bash me.
No, I'm not.
And it's very obvious you two guys are out of work and you want the afternoon shift around
here.
It's the most tasteless thing I've ever heard in my life.
And I'm driving to work.
I have a show to do and I'm getting ticked off at you.
Call the security guard.
If I had the ability to do, I'd take you out here right now and kick your goddamn teeth
in.
Well, like ability is probably the key word.
Thank you.
