Wow Marvin's right away Marvin finally came in. Thank you, but you're gonna like shine us again today
That's okay. So how are you? I'm great. I'm getting back on floor to time
Which is you know nobody cares that they don't care that I'm two hours off here
Yesterday when I woke up I woke up at 5 a.m. Which was was seven a.m
Right, okay, so now it's not been a little bit better, but you look great
You look a lot sexier today and a lot more comfortable than you did yesterday
I don't know why is that well, I don't know maybe meeting me for the first time and doing the four hours of
Neal Rogers for the first time. We had really just met yesterday
Right, last time last time we met you were sick. You said hello. Oh, I'm going to throw up and then you sort of
Left that said because it was like two days before I left for vacation and I was just you know
I really drug in here and
I had to drive all the way back and I went to bed when I got home and I cut and you drove in cursing me all the way
Oh god, not at all. I want to collect my paycheck anyway
At least you had incentive I feel better about that
So stand major and I are sitting in for the vacation in Neal Rogers who
Boy, he's gone and he appears in the newspaper yesterday. Did you see the picture? I didn't as a matter of fact
I was surprised when Rick and son's talked about it because I don't get the son sent Noel anymore
I I was surprised that the length of the article
Because Neal
It's the mentions he wants to get rid of the pinheads as he calls them and it it warrants a
A two column or three column article in the son sent no
Well, Jack is a very big fan of Uncle Neal and a regular guest on the show so
Rick was right about his almost in session with relationship
Well, that's mostly mostly in radio anyway, but
So Neal's gonna make some minor adjustments. He said we'll have to figure it out when he comes back
Yeah, it really will be interesting because I remember when we worked out a wins he got on this
campaign about
The language thing again
I mean language Spanish English Spanish thing. Yeah, and that was basically the last big Neal Rogers campaign
Topic
So yeah, yeah, but that was right in the middle of doing all of the things that he does now
Well one good thing about Neal had doubts will and changed as well and everybody seems to hate to use the word copy
But if it works for Neal
I ran tell was quoted in the article saying well basically he sets the standard for what talk show hosts do
I was pretty much says yeah, I do what Neal does because it works and
That was pretty amusing, but so we'll have to see what happens when you come back by the way
We got phone lines open here this might take phone calls in the morning. I haven't heard any dizzy. We're not
I think he takes
Everyone's very busy. He says he has a lot of things to do
Well, we sent a reporter up reporter from the herald coming in tomorrow sitting in with Mike one one carlo
Oh, is he coming in coming in coming in nearly also is that interesting? Well, that's great though
I mean for you and I work here. That's wonderful extra press doesn't hurt good press that press whatever
Both lines are open here folks and numbers in day 7619463 in Broward 524 W I O D
I O D and his focusing is history since you've gone
You've torn off half the numbers anyway, so that's gone from beach the number 655 W I O D
So give us a call this morning. So anybody else you want to drop a bomb on today?
No, but I would recommend that nobody unload the lawn
Anything connected with the lawn furniture or anything and a lighting
Do you believe that that's pretty sad? Wow
Well, they play golf out there in lightning storm
Not smart people on the course and fancy not smart people and
Standing under a tree is also a big winner with a metal club in your hand
I can't think of anything worse. I mean that's a lightning robbing your hand
In the middle of the golf course and raise it up to the heavens and you've truly become a conductor
Yeah, lightning down here is pretty scary. Yeah pretty darn scary the power went out in my house twice
After a while everything was psychedelic everything was glowing the VCR the the LCDs on all the
All the clock the TV went off the TV went on it was nuts
So I couldn't watch anything. I started to watch the interview with the Dell Castro. Oh
Yeah, the interview the puff piece with Ted turn Dell needs to clean up a bit, you know
Is he still wearing the same fatigues? I think he's still wearing the same fatigues from the 50s
I absolutely think he's wearing the same fatigues
Needs to get you know a haircut in a shave
I've always wondered how he had his cigars checked out
You remember the story that the somebody was gonna put poison in one of his no even cigars
This was the CIA mafia plot. We just how they were going to get him
Now they're gonna get really poison in the cigar and so I've always wondered exactly how each
Individually wraps the guy that the Dell sticks in his mouth is checked out before he actually has an official cigar
I smoke her like a food taster
cigar smoker here. I think he has to
But anyway, it was interesting that Tanner was doing that this morning. Tanner was into this heavy mandela thing this morning
Yeah, I can because it's a big issue down here and a large portion of his audience are Latin and now
We're seeing also in the newspaper reports this morning. We're seeing interesting
opposition within the Cuban community now the Cuban community seems to be splitting on the mandela business
About five counties so we thought we were gonna have one big demonstration out of front
We're gonna end up having two big demonstrations a couple of counties
I know her or cities. I should say Miami Miami Springs have come out and said
They will not support for sanction mandela's visit down here
We always seem to get in the news somewhere. He's been in major cities all over the country and Miami seems to always get negative
Yeah, well, he's addressing a session joined session of
Congress this morning and there's some people who are gonna either walk out or not show up
Boycott so you know his words the other day are
Kind of you know if he had a public relations man in New York City public relations person would be going out of the
Gord right now say that you had this you had this country in the palm of your hand and you walked in
You got some theories on that we'll take some colors on that we've got to take a break at 1012 at W IOD
We'll be back Miami-Midi
We're back we're back on a Tuesday
Is that what it is so did you normally have you ever work in your career with a another co-host?
Not not per se no
I really have it no I've always wanted to in
Fact when I was at wins we used to bring people in an audition them on the air
Really which street
Yeah, anybody that walked by you know
Good everybody happy like the girls at the time, you know come on in and
Right
But that that's soon ended when they they told me straight out that they didn't have the budget to have a sidekick
And I thought the time that the bird worked into the sidekick thing with Neil
And worked into it really well well it worked you know for a while and then things
Have to be saved as money a yell. I wonder where he used today
I don't know I heard a lot of rumors he was working up in Lakeland, but I'm not quite sure what he's doing
Let's take this call here. I don't know a while. Well it matters. Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Rand fan show
Hey, Stanley what how you doing? I'm here. Hey, I got a question for you. What's the question? What yeah, what's the question?
While you're doing the daytime show if there's an opening any evening where the New York Yankees aren't losing or something like that
Are you still doing the evening shows or what's the scoop here? No
G Michael McCay was on last night and I completely forgot about it and I didn't turn the radio on
I'm sorry. I was gonna turn the radio on to see see what show sounded like but
So I'm very embarrassed by the fact that I didn't do that. What was I doing last night?
You've even listening to your own show. No, no not listening to the radio
But that's nothing you I hear you
Stanley tell me is a Randy Shihot-Dabre what the heck is going on here?
A fabulous babe. She is fabulous. It's much more relaxed today than she was yesterday. She looks great and
Looks like she got a nice
A nice bit of rest overnight. I had to the power went out in my house last night. Nothing else to do. It couldn't read anything
Basically implantation. Well, that's good. I'll tell you it's a pleasure and a privilege to be the very first color of the day on the Rand
Stan show you guys are doing a great job and we appreciate it sir. All right. I'll talk to you later
See you later. Bye. Sounds like you're a guy who'd like to be on radio
Has a lot of the how do you how do you get that impression the Rand Stan show the way they lower their voice?
And pretend there are radio announcer being clever. Well
We got a mobile online five
How you doing Stan and Randy?
Great. How are you? I can't complain
Stan I'm listening to Brian Farrier. I figured you like that one. Yeah, right. Do you know that I heard it?
Do you like Brian? Farrier's Randy? Oh, yeah? Yeah, I'm listening to him play down here. Don't I know you believe that a lot of things not played down here
You have the album that's bad no idea or what yeah, I've got that
Talk to you a Tanner who's coming in sometimes it's more about how hard it is to get new records play down here and
I don't know why I am. Oh, let's ask him how he selects his records whether or not a consultant does it for
They flip a coin I do or dark sometimes I gotta say a Brian Farrier story. I'm sitting in a
A terrible restaurant in Colorado spring at the mall called the Red Robin which is like a Friday's but it's not a Friday's
Yeah, right it was really horrible and I hear
Slaved love by Brian Farrier playing on the you know the the system and
Which that's the first I've never heard a Brian Farrier record in a restaurant while I mean I heard it in my
Hair salon but anyway go ahead and your hair salon
Oh, I see well, I thought you were cutting here. Oh, okay. Hey, that's a big business. You know, that's a good business get into
Oh, yeah hair cutting
Yeah, call you miss you stand
I got
Poem poem a poem sure
Randy
And Stanley went up the hill both with a prop in a quarter
Randy came down with two I don't think
I hear that one, but we do appreciate you trying to be clever
I got you see when I needed the the care package. Yeah, right? You know
Speaking of which care package Salman Rusty donated eight thousand dollars is it toward the relief fund for the
Iranian can you imagine the reaction to that when they find out in Iran?
Yeah, they'll probably ship everything back to oh, no, are you kidding? They'll say give us money because that's what they want
They want money. Oh, he said strictly for humanitarian reasons
He'll love and even though they're still a place on the tip him put his return address
$100,000 or RuPaul's or whatever the hell camels
Yeah, to get him get him what the heck my Annie good morning
Yes, and good morning, Stan Randy good morning, buddy. Yeah, you were saved a few minutes ago. You were wondering why
Mr. Mandara said what he said well, I can give it I can give you
Mr. Mandara's situation in two words
He is a terrorist and he's a communist well, it's an interesting point there
And also something else you don't know he's also been imprisoned for 27 years
So he's in a major time or well the point is he is around terrorism. He's around murder
He is a communist. He's you grind himself the AC and that they see any
Congress is a line with the communist also something else you didn't know and I get from them
They know until I found out that our president
gave your taxpayer your tax money to Mr. Mandara $10 million dollars
I think we're 10 days ago
And 10 million
Was given to this organization was given to Mr. Mandara to tell him about no cement dollar and I've told a lot of people
They never even know about it, but and they what you call they are very upset that the government of the United States
gives money to
terrorists and communists when they're they're supposed to be in democratic country
You're simple as I mean, you know, I mean I don't I don't go for a part. I'd either okay
I told Mr. Mandara was what he was made out to me
But now now he puts his foot in his mouth by a lot of himself with photography and with the doubt
Has no one arrested these no one himself with anyone who supports his cause well
Anyone I mean I don't think there's anyone he doesn't support well, you know
The more the point is he's not he's not democratic. It's what he's not democratic individual
I mean this point's been brought out that he has and this group have murdered
For us in South Africa. I know that right. I mean anybody like that forget it
I listen I'm not human. I you know don't worry about myself with the human situation
But as far as Mr. Mandara I think what we shouldn't done down here
It's just told we don't need you Mr. Mandara and that and that and that ask me that that
The then labor organization
Thank God. I don't belong I don't belong to that organization
I would personally go there and kind of my card was I'm not I don't know what might union money
Go into somebody who was a communist and a terrorist. You know simple as that all right sir. Thank you
Thank you. Bye. Bye. It's interesting that this particular organization has supported Mandela financially in the past
And that's the reason he's coming down. You know how much money he's making at every stop
I mean he's collecting big big checks to bring back to Africa
He says to support his organization African National Congress and a lot of it is is going to buying weapons
You know what scares me it's the
the possibility that
His appearances in this country are
Just basically a facade. It's moderation presented. He happened to open his mouth and say the wrong thing at the wrong time
And after he collects all this money and he goes back
Then what happens? Well, that's a thing. We're gonna have bloodshed in the streets
Absolutely. I mean this guy couldn't back in the jail
You know, I don't think so. I don't think he's gonna end up back in jail
They can't possibly do that to him anymore. Well, he's he's I think he definitely should be recognized as a
human rights leader I mean for being in jail for 27 years believing in in what you
What he's believed in and kept at that fire burning I certainly don't think he's on the same scale as a Martin Luther King
No, no, I mean and he gets a ticker tape parade in New York on the Nilson Mandela tracking that he's in Washington
Then does Lana and then he comes down here on Thursday, which would be an interesting adventure 1024 when it take a break and we'll be back
That's horrible. They're selling well come on. They're selling all sorts of
Things during the tour, which again are going toward the African National Congress. They said any wedding mandela outfits
No, no, no, any thank goodness. I don't think that that'll catch on you know
Certainly not a fashion blip as they say satin tour jackets 50 bucks
T-shirts two different styles mind you 20 bucks a pop actually that's cheaper than Paul McCartney T-shirt
That was like $32 a Nilson Mandela sweatshirt for $29
baseball cap or a Nilson did you see walking around in Washington with his New York Yankees a cap on and and jacket
You can buy windshield decals for three bucks buttons for three bucks
I think chronicle I didn't know they were doing that. Oh, absolutely
They were writing poems and songs about this guy when he was prison now we can buy
T-shirts jackets
hats and Nilson Mandela I'll tell you that's the American way
That is the American way
American way so out of the 20 bucks. So what 10 goes to
Nelson and 10 goes to the American way of life. I saw a real example of the American way of life
I've been called Rado the Air Force Academy
The gift shop now they have a huge gift shop and guess what they have in there all of the things that you could possibly want to buy
for your wardrobe
Everything you name it all in khaki colors or well blue and silver and
hats and jogging outfits
I mean you don't have to go to Jordan Mars short of bird eyes or any place just go to the Air Force Academy
Pick out your whole wardrobe. I didn't see any dresses that they didn't quite go that far
But it was huge that those guys would look too great in dresses
No, I don't think by the way do you know that the armed forces have have banned a two-life crew?
We'll talk about that really from being sold in their stores or played on the base. Oh
Someone said well that's ridiculous. It's not like those guys haven't heard those words before
Well, it's a military is very interesting. They're very uptight about stuff because I was with AFN in Germany
When Elvis became very popular. This is before he went into the army
He had a lot of hit records and they didn't play any of those records. We didn't play any of the rock and roll
Bad rock and roll and Satan tell you
That's the same thing all over again. It really is. It's really interesting how that's coming around
They really have to recognize the fact that rap music is its own art form all together. They just don't had a deal with it
So Bill Tanner will be here from power night. I think I'm gonna come in. I think Don Cox and Mark Mosley
Yep, and then a little later on will have
Mindy
Mindy from Mindy from just from
Mindy Mindy in Malo show right from hot one of five. So it should be quite a morning right here at
6 and W. I.O.D. Let's take this color in Miami. Hello, Randy
Good morning. Hello Stan. How are you doing?
I don't know if you remember me. I used to use a nickname called Dancing Queen's
Both like Aga so much. Oh, yeah, been a long time since I've heard you the Dancing Queen. What did you say?
What was your nickname?
nickname was Dancing Queen. It's my CD hand up because Aga was very popular. Okay. She was very into Aga
Somebody walked out of here with my CD that I had of Aga. You haven't you're a you'll get through it Stan. Trust me. I don't think so. You'll live through it
It's difficult to get them
I know
Because they don't seem to keep very much of it. Stop even though they're very still very popular than music where in Europe
Okay, what's up? Dancing Queen?
A little bit so that one thing I wanted to comment on the last color that you had that was talking about Mandela is that
I don't agree with everything that he had to say Mandela had to say but you've got to understand his position
Being in jail looking out from barb, you know wire. Why are you standing? I agree with you there
And the other point is that the people that he spoke about
Didn't um
hesitate to
Give them any support of the ham and yet this country sat on the fence and we're supposed to leave the human rights people and all this
And yet we were sending money into South Africa and and closing our eyes to what was going on over there
I mean we had a two-sided vision here. I think it's a United States is a real shaky position at this point
It's my own observations first of all you have a minority rules government over there white people are ruling the government
The majority is black and they've really kept the blacks down big time
And now the decision is how do they integrate them into the system?
How do they put them into the government without losing at least a bit of control and they're you know
They're pretty shaky or they've gone into towns
They've helped the economy the white folks help the economy build a town
And now the question is how do they give it over to the blacks without losing control and I mean we did the same thing with that
American Indians here
We sort of pushed them out of their their homeland and how do you give it back to them? That's a big problem
And that stays is not one to uh to come up with solutions in this situation
And the other part is that Mandela by coming here and going around and making these speeches and talking to the different leaders at different levels
Is showing that he hasn't hold a grudge against us for our policy
And we should think you know and why should he hold a grudge against somebody that gives you 10 million dollars
Well the other part is that he at least came over here with his hands open to collect checks
Yeah
That's the coming people
That's their choice they they were sending money over there anyway
See the thing that bugs me though is the fact that uh he has been booked by an organization which is not based in this area
He's been booked to speak in this area and his appearance here is simply going to again
divide the ethnic community in this area and and that you know
I don't know how you know under the first amendment man has a people have a right to booking man has right to speak
but uh
Why just wish that it was in Boston or someplace because here you have the uh you've all you've already got the divisiveness
But he was in Boston and we already had such we already had such prookial attitudes in Miami that we only
Listen to what we want to hear. I mean he stands for a wonderful thing. It's a horrible deplorable condition in South Africa
Awful has to be changed. I don't know how though. I don't think he does either. That's the problem
At least they had the dialogue at big step
Well, you know he's starting it
It's interesting in his little speech in his retort to Bush yesterday when Bush was quoting
Dr. Martin Luther King about the non-violence thing and then
Mandela came back and said wait. Whoa. Wait a minute. I'm paraphrasing very loosely here
if you're you know if you're oppressed uh and and you have to do some things that maybe you don't normally want to do
Which is interesting because in his support of Fidel Castro
There's a lot of oppression in Cuba
So is he advocating then the oppressed people in Cuba
To arm themselves and fight against the government which is exactly what he's saying about South Africa
Well, he certainly doesn't point that out or no he likes the fact that the Cuba
And the PLO are giving him support money whatever they're giving him. He'll take it from anyone at this point in time
But also he was looking back
Over the fact that it is real ascending money into South Africa and selling them
On things against like when they weren't supposed
Supposedly that wasn't supposed to be being done and we were sending money and it wasn't till
1985 that we voted about sanctions that's only five years ago
Yeah, we did drag our feet sometime and it doesn't really say much for supposedly we're supposed to be this
big democratic
ideal and that we
But we will still support people and governments that um yeah look what Bush is doing with China
China and it happens and um Central America
Our identity queen thanks for your thoughts. That's very very nice
I like you I can tell I missed him he wasn't here yesterday
In Boston you were just talking he was there there were uh dinners for Mandela
$5,000 of plate
California reception tickets were
$1,000 to $50,000
I guess to honor a new york
$5,000 to $25,000 of plate does that mean you get a sandwich for $5,000 and for 25 now you get
You know uh, good time rib yeah right something like that is that how it works probably all cold
I guess so good morning Hollywood. Yeah, hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Uh first of all let me tell you I miss you in the morning
Oh, thank you
My morning drive is not the same
Oh, I appreciate that thing
Mandela
Yes, this guy what first of all let me tell you I
Have been to South Africa
I have relatives big family in South Africa
I talk to them all the time
Mandela's a communist
He is a bitter
hateful
miserable human being who lies
With every breath that he takes
His wife is probably worse than he is
They live in a one of the townships called Soweto
The little house that they always show you is not his house
He had a house which was for Soweto fairly large
Uh
They were building
He was in jail at the time when he was having a castle built
Cross the streets from which they presently
Where they were living at the time
But I mean a huge mansion that they never show you
We never hear first let me tell you apartheid is bad
Horrible horrible. You're horrible. It really is
But it's not as bad as we'll let to believe
Uh, in many instances. Sure it is. You've got a government run by a minority. We're already raised. Let me just tell you
It's wrong. I don't question this
But when you go into the big cities like Johanna'sburg
Blacks go into restaurants along with the whites
The blacks stay in the same hotel the government it does not have one black member
No
I'm not forget the government for a minute. We'll get to that
They don't they live I'm our racist. They live in the same hotels
They walk the same streets. They are not stopped for passports which we are led to believe has just happened
This has been going on for years now
Uh in some of the small cities
Uh
Like being back in Nazi dump
You know, there's just the blacks are like being there. They're total slaves in small towns
So the question is sir how do we get rid of apartheid what's the solution
If I do I would be a very wealthy man. That's right
That's the question. I don't think anybody knows. I don't think he knows either. He doesn't there are people there
What's the name border lazy who is ahead of the zoolos which is the largest tribe in Africa
That's who's much more moderate
Uh
Mandela has set down
Certain rules that he said the white government have to follow
In order for him to sit down and talk with them. He wants everybody released from prison
He wants all restrictions lifted. He wants a lot of things
He wants a lot of things right he has no right because he has no government standing to set down the rules that have to be far
Sir, you don't ask you don't get
Well, you you could ask but you don't say that this is the way it must be you ask you sit and you talk about
Where are you going to go? Okay?
Interesting point
You know another interesting thing somebody who has faded into the bar background is Desmond Tutu
Who basically is a non-violent person and now we have the Mandela's who are out in front
Yeah, so what's going to happen when he brings all the guns and stuff
What happens people will get shot people are going to go right what I did exactly the last time I was in Johannesburg a couple of years ago
Uh
We were leaving Johannesburg to go up to Pretoria, which is a terrible city by the way apartheid at the capital
Uh apartheid up there is and wise and full force. I mean it was it was awful
But we were leaving uh Johannesburg and I don't know 10 minutes after we left the city
There was there was an explosion
Right near one of the hotels outside one of the government police buildings it
Blue diamond stores jewelry stores buildings out
It hotels out. It was a huge explosion
Uh censorship of course in a newspapers people don't know about it
They call people you know
Friends or relatives or whoever they know within that area to find out what happened
But these bombs really don't accomplish anything. They just kill innocent people
Well, it sounds like the uh
It sounds like the guy. All right. Exactly
That's exactly what the that's what the ANC is and this guy comes in and tells our president that he's going to teach him
About apartheid and how and the story that goes on in South Africa. That's nonsense
And as far as let me just give you another as far as I'm gonna take a break here. You want to hang on sure? Okay, hang on
All right, we'll uh take a break 1041 come back don't forget around 11 o'clock. I guess uh built hanner
Don't talk mostly from power 96 will be in and we'll continue on six 10 WID
See
In that great boy are we heavy this morning
But I know I think it's a big contest going this is fascinating about all the hype
The t-shirts sat in jackets and everything so what so rather big contest going as to who has the most hype the new Tom cruise movie
Which opens today or the Mandela to well will be tough
I think you'll have like rock and roll shirts for you know the Wilson Mandela tour of nightie
You know something like that Nelson Mandela
Nelson Mandela satin jacket. Yeah, 50 bucks there great
Not bad Tom Cruise was on the cover of the Rolling Stone magazine. I guess nilson's got to make the cover of him
He'll be there next obviously are we jaded here. I mean here's a man representing the spirit of human rights
No the fact that people want to be free
Well, what are we buying here with the satin jacket? Are we buying $50 with the satin jacket?
Does that buy ammunition to blow away people in South Africa?
I'm sure a part of it does because he does not uh he believes in violence
To get you know the end justifies the means that type of thing or the means justifies the ends
He is not a nonviolent man
I'm not sure that's the way to go though and neither is president bush
Well now that we're going to have we had the Cuban community split in Miami on on Mandela's appearance
So what we can have is we can have them printing up t-shirts
Out in front
You think they'll be very vocal out in front. I don't know. I don't know
There it says somebody's holding a news conference today Cubans in favor of Mandela's appearance is holding a news conference today
Are you serious? Yeah, I'm absolutely serious
We'll get our news update on that one. Let's check out this line in Miami. Good morning. Good morning. How are you? Fine. How are you?
Well
Too good in this moment
What because I'm listening to the on Mandela debate. Uh-huh. The only good thing is that
You understand seem to be doing it pretty right and keep it above the table
But the other people are just um what other people sir
Well, what are you talking about give us an example here? Where can you
Is the feeling is the feeling of annoying that um by being from Liberty City
I don't have to go far to see oppression
And um knowing that you know, I don't believe in it terrorism or
Or whatever whatever but I believe in something because I'm here and to have people um
That's angry and upset and he's erasure than he's it is. They're just missing in tie-point. What is the point? Tell us
A man was imprisoned 27 years of his life. You know, he's fighting oppression
minority rules and uh
This I just feel real negative about Miami and in the West
Bevind us because you know, I have a lot of ad friends and a lot of whatever
uh, other friends and things and I don't want to um
Be angry with them because who they are but I find myself easily being able to
Define an anger inside
Because it's it's about living in Miami like I said, but when I live in Liberty City is my
Maybe there is something to it being oppressed and having this feeling
And um in this anger is okay to be angry and to want to strike out against something
You know for our condition or or and I'm not saying me as an individual
But you know, what does that get you or what does it get the community by striking out?
What is it? What does it do?
Sometimes it makes me feel closer and more informed than
And if it's possible blacker
Not not americanized, but just
Just right with my roots. You know what I'm saying?
It's it's like I live out in the found blue area
In the white blusher, but I hate it
You know because I like to smell barbie q or hear a long gunfire in the air
See people playing cards and I can't enjoy that
You know what I'm saying? You run right down to Liberty City every time
Well, I'm probably not gets off scott free, huh? I'm from there
Yeah, but you don't you don't you agree with me
You think this is good for the community for this outside group that's holding this national convention to sponsor him in here
Well, that's a good point because what what in least I mean if the if if their convention was being held in Phoenix
We wouldn't hear another thing about this
But it happens to be held here
Now what it means that mandela's coming here. He's already spotted the
The crap about the Castro and the PLO so he's so immediately he's got two huge groups
Like in which you're gonna react
One of course and then within those groups
You're going to have people react. I don't think anybody's disputing the fact that of his struggle
Of the 27 years he was in jail the fact that he still remains true to the ideals
That he
Once held and still does
But these the solutions he's offering are not very palatable. Let me let me say our answer stands question because that brings me to the black community
So-called leaders these these people and they're not my leaders. I don't know who selects these people
Why lies can't go on? There's a self-appointed, you know
Why our lives can't go on if the Cuban community else is for this or what?
Or if the Jewish community else is for this or what why we can't have our operating Liberty City
Why do we have to make an issue? It was said you can't what what I'm saying we want
I mean none of them was to have been and face something intelligent like what you do or doing
I mean these people why did they be encoded in the news by
Saying what we're gonna go on as a community and do dada dada dada
You know, it's like you know there it
They don't even know what to say because they really have nothing you know the only only black leader
I've heard being quoted around town is that the leader of the end end of ACP
Oh, she's good. She's very good. She's good. She's very strong, but she's the only one
We have some positive people and I will be there thirsty at on the parts
Well, um, this is
It's perfect for us if you know what I mean, you know for as as a people
Where if he doesn't need to have acceptance from um
From all of the other groups, but we as a group of people here, my name if it pisses me off that our leaders seem like
I'm milled especially if it's a riot then they can talk
But anything else like economics or they can talk about drugs, but economics
Well, that comes with education sir
Nothing intelligent to say in that bothers me. Well, that bothers me too, and it should bother you should bother your community
and and that's that's why you know, I'm not
I'm really I don't want to become emotional about this because I think you want to stay in a hell in the perfect
You're saying what I would want to say in an intelligent highway only differences. I may become a little more emotional
Like with that last car. I may call him a racist and telling the shut up or something
Here to every now and then well listen. We appreciate your thoughts. All right. Thanks for calling
There's another aspect that's going to be very interesting and that's going to be the television coverage coverage
of not mandala
But the community reacting to mandat right right because the TV stations
here in soft lorda have this propensity to
cater to the Cuban community and they're going to find themselves in a difficult position
They cause a lot of blacks are already upset and if they
If they pull this usual stuff that the herald and that the couple of the TV stations are known for with regard to the Cuban reaction
And that's why I'm glad to see the split in the Cuban Cuban community because now what you've got
Is you're going to have the television news folks who are going to have to be on their toes to make sure
They don't give a slanted version of this whole thing, but we know that won't happen
I wish she'd knock some mic off here 1052 a lot of colors to get to we will do that after this break
I'm taking what they're given cousin working for in postcards of Rochester New York descend to his mom or working out in the
Nodless machine at the local health center
But Neil is on vacation
Filling in for Neil this week Randy Martin and Stan major on new stock radio 610 wio.d
I'd like to see Neil working out on the local Nodless. I think that would be quite a sight of you
I got a feeling that Neil is not where he told everybody he was going to be really
Yeah, you think he is in holiday all that I'm not going to say where I think he is but
From what he told me where he was going to go
I think he probably spent a couple of days there and what someplace else and because you said he doesn't like
The cold and it's cold there. Well, you know, let's not go any further than that
People are really gonna know where he is by
What a know of coldly had to buy new suits. That's what did you have to buy new suits? So did you have the pants taken in?
Why is everyone fading away and you're that kind? You don't just go down to the store and pick out new suits because you look good
Well, I wish I could lose two pounds and look that good
Ha ha ha
It's all on how you dress
1057 good morning. This is Randy Martin along with standmaiders sitting in for the vacationing
Neil Rogers we've got some calls coming up here before we get into newstime
Miami shores
Hello, hello
I'm calling about the Nelson Mandela thing the Nelson Mandela thing
Specifically the spanish community and their protest. I heard in the news. They're even talking about
Rallying when he comes in the town and I believe one of the guests said should he have come to Miami
I think it's a perfect place to come to especially with our problems that we have in the community
It seems the Hispanic community
Only wants to speak out on issues when it really concerns bill point of view when Orlando Bosch the whole thing was going on with him
They didn't see any shame of coming out too much for his support
You know, yeah, that's a great point. I was gonna bring Bosch up and I'm glad you did
You know and as a black college student it becomes very obvious how the whole little system works
It's all right to speak out against Nelson Mandela and his supposed
Terrace actions, but when it comes to Orlando Bosch you make you wonder is it all right to
bomb a couple people out of the sky because well, you know
That's not your your point of view and they didn't have your point of view so it's all right
It's for the freedom of Cuba. Oh, that's patriotism, you know
Right exactly
And he was in jail simply because they couldn't find a country to take him right and now it's our
Responsibility to take in a man who the government says he had something to do with it
But so the Cuban community you can understand you can understand
Um, people getting upset with his comments about uh, I mean you can understand that definitely
But let's put it this way. Let's say you knew me as a personal friend. I did something for you that really helped you
You know, someone else tells you that I've been doing something else
Which might not stand up to you know your morality or something do you are you still for hate me?
I mean how are you gonna you know base that opinion the Cuban community seems to forget he's been in jail for 27 years
He hasn't been visiting for Dale, you know his name, you know, worry was on his country
He wasn't around visiting dignitaries and other countries
Well, thank you for your call. We appreciate it. We appreciate your thoughts
We've got to take break here Henry Barrow with the news and then we've got a whole studio full of people coming up next
610 W I O D
News talk radio 610 W I O D presents the Neil Rogers show filling in for the vacationing Neil Rogers our Randy Martin and Stan Major
To get in touch and talk call 751 W I O D and D
Broward is 524 W I O D in the Palm Beach is 655 W I O D
The opinions expressed for the guest's foster colors are not necessarily those of the station
Now for Neil Rogers here's Randy Martin and Stan Major
I figure being radio so long. I'm deaf
I can't hear anymore without headphones. I got a crank this up real out
Well, we're joining the studio by Bill Tanner Martin mostly Cheryl Lee from Power 96
Well, we're glad to be here and yeah, it is so you see you have kind of like this ghostly echo in this room
We like that. We like that
That you love him
Okay, we like that. Well, thanks for joining us. The two loud crew
Exactly the two left. Wait there Tanner watch it. I'll add to a wrist you there. I thought we brought sure it's Nick along
Hold on to the rest of the world for one down home
There's beloved morals
Understand where he says
Rest that
I wonder did you hear at this nightclub is it's the side is gonna have a tongue-up party where people can wear their tongue as I wonder if the sheriff will be there to arrest
He's been there before
The thought it was the future
So I'm gonna I'm gonna you're gonna be wearing a tongue. I'm gonna host. Oh in a tongue
Stand made they didn't they should arrest you then they have to double the price
You know I thought you want to see be us evening news the other day. Yeah, there I saw myself one day
I was I was watching the news
It was one of these things where I had already seen the ABC news six thirty and thought I really wasn't interested in the news
But the people were hooking the cable up. Yeah, so they flipped it over channel six and caught the seven o'clock news and all of a sudden
I came on out of file footage and what did you say
Uh first one in this chalky the first quote was pretty good. I said that
That Donna Summers love to love you baby was like an eight-minute orgasm
CBS selected that my mother said did you have to
That's right and then I don't remember what the second was it was highly insignificant like most of
What I said in my career
We were talking about uh Nell the Mandela all morning and you were doing it on your show this morning
It was the hot topic on our show this morning. Probably will be again tomorrow. It was I think one of the fairest
Most balanced sides we have a very Hispanic audience about two-thirds of the listening is Latin and uh
But there were a number of of Cuban listeners who were calling in saying well, you know there is uh
We don't agree with him and we don't agree with his comments about Castro and Gaddafi and
Arifat but we do think that he has a right to be heard and make his statement
So it was a more that's a lot of people remember the way Cuba was the day you know the way before Cuba was
I think we don't want it that way again
Yeah, we don't believe them but let them go ahead and see it
You know, it seems to be that those are it seems to be that some of the older Cubans
And I say this sort of as a generalization
Maybe treading on dangerous granular but seems like some of the older Cubans are the ones that are so
Uh
Benton suppressing anyone who doesn't agree with what they say. Yeah, that's younger
Which happened to be a lot of people in government. Yeah. Yeah, very true
well of course and and this swings very neatly into this whole two-live crew issue here of of you have people playing to the voting
Public which is old and conservative and people will call talk shows like this one all day long
They will call my show and they will raise hell on the air
But ask them the last time that they went to vote and you'll find a awful small
I think this two-live crew has
Die down the issue has died down a lot
One of the polls they have third the public is
Exactly there was a poll what in the
Fort Lauderdale news through the sunset or something like that
We was kind of hard to because I
People are tired of hearing about it
Like you said stand on television defending it and so you find yourself in the position of well
Jim I really defending what they're saying and the answers no defending their right
To say it and and a thought came across on our air this morning that I thought was worth repeating and that is that
The system is supposed to I think work that you can it's a free country. It's free speech
You can get out and the marketplace
Of ideas supposedly will shake out and the and the best ideas will come to the top
And that's the way it's supposed to run so that's that's what the society's all about
Tolerating descent you may not agree with the person but you should agree with their right to descent
And you're talking about here's an interesting thought that throughout we're talking about in the car coming down listen to you guys
Mandela will not renounce violence, right? Right
Well with the Boston Tea Party and non-violent act or what? Yeah, that's a good boy
This you know 10 years ago on why 100 when I was on in the morning I talked to the sky
I can't call his name. What's his name?
Puzner Vladimir Puzner and at that time he was really spouting the Soviet line
It was right after Afghanistan and I said to him sir
You know we have this problem with you're just invading another country. Can you expect Americans not to be upset?
Anyone on said well what if Mexico was falling and their government called your government and said please come help us
Then you saw chaos about to descend on your southern border. What would you do?
And then he said an interesting point. He said yes, we are a revolutionary society and I believe yours is too
So you can't fight on that point. Yeah, and so
Well what bothers me Bill is what's the next target then? No boy. I know. Is it any Murphy?
Well, yeah
Navarro or I assume I assume that the racial overtones let's talk about
Dice player and redis player. Well, did you hear Navarro say
that
He does not find anything else in the record stores of scenes but that he won't act until he has a complaint
What is legal or he won't actually get the court order tax? Let's let's go buy an Andrew Dice
Clay album and complain about it and see what happens. Well complain to who don't Nick. I guess but you can't take the initiative
I'm like there's a quarter order so you can do anything as long as the cameras are there
Sorry
We have two or more through life crew
I'm talking about two life news crew
Yeah, I
I have a makeup man that's right with me
He's doing a real bad job
I told him he's not supposed to Nicole my eyebrows together
You know, we have actually hidden miniature cameras in my eyebrows before when we did cops one time
Well, you know, G Michael McCay is doing the night show while you're doing the mid-day show here
His telephone operator for death apple bomb
Uh
Actually has had a fantasy love affair for years with Nick Navarro because she goes from then with one eyebrow
I met mold children get lost in my eyebrows
Let me ask you this bill or mark Cheryl and or sure Nick or sheriff Nick well in some sort of
Show business here how much show business is involved with two live crew and a lot of doing a lot of business
For business I heard and saw him on on heraldor
And I don't think he he put over too many good points because of the attitude he conveyed
Think it turned a lot of people off to
We're back to this thing we discussed before of it's very hard to defend them because
Their ideas are not popular, but then there's something about to be said for us isn't it supposedly the hallmark of civilization is how
I'm I don't know who I'm quoting or what I'm saying. I actually saw just make this up
But how a society treats its minority voices when not this minority colors
But it's voices of dissent one of the great hallmarks of civilization is how a society or is and treats those people
And no Luke is not easy to defend
Well the thing is people are willing to listen though. It's just the way he presented his argument. Yeah, I agree
Angry does not
Exactly. I mean he was I think he's the only one that had people
That is not exactly exactly non-angry and non-hostile now is he but he's a bit more articulate oh boy is he can is from the sample of talk show people
Can that man hold his own? Oh, yeah, he's not he's not one to be politically
What's the word I'm looking for well? He's trying to be politically astute. He isn't playing to the voting
So he doesn't he doesn't play to the camera his set of priorities and he articulates them well
He knows where he stands and he stands where he knows he understands what he's trying to get across. I think though the the
The fact that he's here after 27 years for everything he went through
That's a large reason why people are showing up anyway
He doesn't have to talk after that. By the way, let's hear it for your caller that was about 1045 1050 when we were in the car coming in
What an articulate and well spoken person we were talking about that
The film the community city black person and he was gonna go out to see Mandela and that and your point was well taken about here
Is this what is this apps me that is bringing Mandela in?
The problem is that that I think he should come to Miami because I think we have to confront and deal with these things
and I think the voices of reason have to
Speak up. In other words, rather than another police shooting
Or accidental death or an on-accidental type thing. I mean he's not gonna be available to crowds of any sort down in Miami
The only leg of his trip where he's not gonna be seen by crowd
Boston New York handled it, you know
Washington but not down here. Well, it's interesting that you made a reference stand to office or lasano because I was at a
Fair recently where there was a booth where they were selling t-shirts and a certain
Faction of that community views lasano is something of a hero. Oh, yeah
So I'm surprised that a group hasn't formed to support these guys that got in that were off duty that got in the car
Exhaust duty cops and decided they pulled their pistols on do a little
No, yeah, a little celebrate celebrating. I'm surprised isn't a group that's you know
been formed to support them
Yes, that's when you see groups with the point that doesn't give a performing or getting publicity when you see group team card
When you see groups supporting lasano and selling the lasano t-shirts and t-shirts for his defense fund and things like that
Then you have to say in these are the same people that will say
um
Let's not have Nelson Mandela and you're I am me that's not by a mandality. Yeah, let's you have a mandality shirt as these people are the same people who will say
G if he ever played in Cuba. Let's not have them at coyote. Yeah
Right, I heard someone mention that on the air on my show on your show this morning and and they were mentioning in a negative context
It was a Cuban listener who said we got to tolerate make the decisions like that our community leaders
They make the decisions for the community well in the era of the sound by you get back to the whole question of what does it take to get elected
I saw a very
Neal would say ponderous, but it was interesting discussion. I think it was Bill Moise and of all people Leslie
Talking and it was interesting but ponderous and
Leslie
Moise was essentially essentially saying look
Um you people have permitted the election to be stolen in 84 and 88 the band and your journalistic responsibilities to
critique
Politics and to bring out the issues so as result we have flag waving and who was the prisoner that they were running around
Hortley Horton and you have all this deciding an American presidential election and let the style says wrong
We were
Saying all the time Bush has not answered the questions on Iran Contra
Willie Horton is this and that the flag
Issue is not the big issue on to elect the president on this was in 88 and yet what you had for pictures
When the pictures of the children waving the flags of bush visiting the flag factory and the pictures were so overwhelming
That they could have been going
During the narration and the public would remember those pictures and that says something
About the public about here. It'll be interesting to see what happens
To bush's popularity now that he's decided that he is going to have to bring in some new tax
Yeah, just see that on the wire and still I go wish no finally gone on record thing. Yes
Read my list
Read my list George what no well now I believe what I said was no new taxes
We are going to be bringing back some of the old tank
And I believe I can still keep my campaign promise the American people
Say the course thousand points of light whatever the hell that means
I don't even know dan sure is held unknown. Where is this?
I don't know
In the tree house in the tree house
With the secret service playing Nintendo all right
It's 1118 we've got to take a break. So long as we're available here give us a holler and date 7519463 and Howard
524 w io d and in Palm Beach 655
W io d build Tanner mark moseley
Cheryl v stand and I will be back after this
We're back 1122 build Tanner mark moseley Cheryl v from power 96 dan and I are back
smoothing in between
She thought to do you talk about on the air what you guys were just talking well
Yeah, I think Tanner should because that's a very important point and that is
Does the media lead or does the media respond?
Hmm
Boy the answer is is that the public really responds to the media giving the public what
It thinks they want okay, but how many congressman and senators of ball headed
Oh, what ball headed
No, think about it. Think about it. I am working about you remember the country there
Pleasure to be there. They got to look the part of the ultimate
Yeah
Me that in reality the Republicans didn't put quail on the ticket because they thought he would be so
photo jade
Yeah, exactly
And off the air got he this big
The most money wait a minute who makes the most money during a campaign
Well the ad agency your media
Recommend that the candidate do this too and these are the guys who are sitting back in a room at the
Convention and and telling a bush or whoever it may be
Whether or not they feel the American public is going to accept it's the instant consultant thing the instant
What is this where they get six people in a room?
Focus, yes, and enter instant focus group. You have an instant focus group on who your vice president
Okay, and you see here's the problem the hard choices
Facing the country are not easily definable in a TV sound bite
Explain to me to savings and loan association mess. Please and a sound bite explain to me. Please the deficit in a sound bite
It neither of these are sexy topics at all the public's kind of getting I read about savings and loan mess because they've heard enough about it
I mean it's the biggest financial scandal in history one one sound bite that comes out of that is five dollars out of every
Americans pocket for the next 27 years. Yeah, yeah, good way to and that was a very good way to someone package
But how long did it take that to come up and and in the first place? It's like oh boring
Who wants to hear about the savings and loan saying it's just not as
Thank you
The flag
Tell them the texture pocket. Let's take a call and see what people are thinking about morning Miami. Hi good morning everybody
How are you all today? Hi good. Uh, tenor. I'm always enjoyed your phone
Examela years that you've been down
Go ahead
400 I've been here longer than you
Thank you. That's right anyway
This issue has been beat to death, but I'm gonna beat it some more the two live crew issue
This one I bring up a couple of points and if you agree with me
Make no wrong
Everybody has their studies a glory seeker, but what people don't stop to realize as is this
If they're making a big deal over the two live crew thing is and I'm not putting this very well here
There's two albums out. I know you guys know this you working at radio you know this and I know I'm playing in the back versus the nasty version
Okay, yeah
He's sitting here
And standing images he's sitting here making a big deal over the two live crew when he can be going after
Anterdice Clay who doesn't make two versions of his album, but there hasn't been a complaint registered against
Anterdice Clay right now. I sure like to register
I'll go down there to find
On the bad wagon. This is my next point here you get one person. Let me take married with children for example
I happen to like that so I don't like it
You have one lady up in Illinois. I wear the hell she was at make a complaint about married with children
So there you got 450 people after her that are gonna say oh, yeah
We're making the same you know we agree with it and it's like
We lost a lot of average then you know one nut can definitely spoil a barrel, you know, and but I love the tank
I'll call in a whole lot of letters to everybody in their other together point across
Well, you know what it's you know what it's gonna be next. It's not gonna be anterdice player
It's not gonna be anything like that. You know what it's gonna be it's gonna be a new to Miami heralds
It's gonna be Bart Simpson oh
Bart
I'll be back to play
I'll be back in play. I think it's for me. It's gonna be Bart Simpson and then here's got to go
Well, it's one principle already tried it right?
Danny misshared sure they said that don't want to have underachiever shirts
You know the problem with all these arguments is that there's a little truth in both sides
And that's when the argument becomes hard is not just clearly black and white
Let's see tenor here's here's the thing that gets me but let's say for an example
I'll use myself as an example here because I'll do this. I'll do this. It's happened before let's say that I listen to your show
Which I happen to listen to it all let's say I listen to your show and
Tyrone does a rap or something on there and and let's say that that he does something that I don't agree with and I call up
And I say and I say to the station manager
Oh, this this went on the air this morning and then somehow it gets spread into the news or something like that
And then you know now you know there's gonna be three or four to people finally say yeah, we heard it too
No, yeah, now nobody's gonna say anything unless I say something. I like to ask tenor a question since these and management over there
Has tyrone ever done anything or is mark ever done anything all of tyrone which has resulted in a very legitimate and concerned
Compile from the black community. How do you handle it? Yeah, and
From time that was early on in the character early on I think that the people concerned and we liken it to the archie bunker situation
It's parody it's satire
We are an equal opportunity offender. We have and it's not everybody in within today. Let's jump in a red net from David Florida. Hey, yeah
Red wood ladies and gentlemen is here. Thank you. Thank you. Pio plenty. I have not bathed in a couple weeks and
I would like a beard
His wife is a sturdy woman with back hair. Oh, she's a cold weather woman
So you know, but that is and we got complaints
Well, we had Mindy on our show. We got complaints about Carmen Gonzalez and that was funny from the community
It's a hysterical character and
You know the the fact is that that people
Doesn't that show you though that you can't please everybody
Well here and that's something to try fortunately nobody can I think on this station
I mean, you know
They get complaints all the time about Neil and and and about I'm sure everybody else on the here
But if management doesn't understand that the descent is the format
I just want to ask one more question and maybe bring up another point here
How come they
This week is me how come they singled out the two life crew? Why not go after the public enemy number one
So they did professor grins or something like that because they're in broward County and another thing
Now I'm just no type for me
I don't think
Now I don't know if you're familiar with the reggae music, but reggae has if you listen to some of the reggae artists like shovel rings or a tiger
And you know what I don't know if you're familiar with them, but they
Just exactly do the same thing as two life pruning they're doing it you know in a different step nobody never complain about them
If you feel as strongly about any particular
Thing that's offending you and you have the time and are willing to invest it
You can affect the type of change that the gentleman that started the two life crew has brought about
Thanks for calling sir. We can take some other calls
Interesting point though is it just for our county? Is it because two life crews in broward County?
Have certain function certain elements in broward County the two life crew was locally were local to date county
But they you know Dave Broward in the local area that is the judge point out is served by the same
Florida
Think about where did that term come the media?
I mean how many people do you know they say I live in south Florida right sure
But anyway the point is you do have a publicity seeking share if you do have a
rabble rousing wrap group
That is here locally and very available and you have a
Backed by holding up a very
conservative and older voting
Public that I mean did you see the pictures in the paper of Nick with the little you know the people who've organized
Sunday schools have organized little eight-year-olds to say we love sheriff Navarro or
I mean that's that's you know he can
It's right the White House in the Nixon years when they would talk about the polls and how their mail was running
Well the sheriff tells you how his mail is running yet the poll that was taken didn't you try that interesting in the paper this past
Friday morning was it Thursday Friday morning when they had the poll and said that a large number of people
I think it was about a 53-54% majority really supports the two-live crew in this issue
Granted that it's the young younger and more tired of hearing them and they want Nick to get off the TV already
Third of them want to get it's enough already it's enough already
But that now Howard County okay, Nick Navarro really put it on the map
For this you ask you a question Cheryl is here and Randy here. Let's have you listen to this as vast as you want to be on
I think it stinks. I think it's awful and
what
How offensive as forget about to how offensive as women is this to you
Very offensive so I don't listen to it. Uh-huh. I feel it's practically the same way. It's like it's there
Okay, I don't have to listen to it though if I don't want to
It's just like a lot of Andrew dice clay. I can take like five or ten minutes of Andrew dice clay
But I would not pay $20 25 to go sit through a whole concert of him cursing this that you know the F for this
Yes, where this the F for this after a while it gets to be boring. We do the right to turn it off
We're not going to the contest return this show off. We're not by the record
Yeah, but I think the people who want to censor that and prevent in the name of cleaning up things
But who are they to speak for Cheryl? Yeah, for you who are they who put them in charge?
There's like a lot of separation. I mean I'm a person who goes to church every Sunday and they say you know
Don't listen to that. That's bad
But you've got to make your own choice. It's like okay, well the church doesn't like it
But I have my own opinion like Mario Cuomo and abortion what happened with this whole thing
I think it went too far from the start we we need to protect the children
From being exposed
Didn't that up to a parent and Mark is my parent exact I am a parent and if I know that my eight-year-old son
Chris can go into the record store and buy the two-life crew album then that to me is unacceptable. It should be
Put behind the counter. It should see what it was was I think the judge made the ruling with the intention that
This should happen
But what what happened was then then people went too far and said okay, you can't you can't lie
No one can listen to this album. No one can listen. No, that's not about that
Definitely overstepping the the interpretation. I mean you're misinterpreting what the judges rule
Don't you think Bill when this goes to a higher court that's
On the next
Got there's a tool of thought that said the judge knew that he was going to be overturned on a higher level and that he could fit right nicely in with
The the right thinking moral people in our community and come down on that side easily knowing that he's going to be overturned
That's a big philosophy
But you have any problem with
Stickering albums, do you?
Well, I have a problem period, but I think that that in the real world
Personally, I have a problem. I think you should put it out there but they put ratings on movies exactly
And I think in the real world randy you have to accept that because
You have a lot of people just as Mark mostly said you have the two-life crew that is pushing the line
Pushing it horribly they've offended you they've offended Cheryl Mark mostly does want his kid listening to him
And therefore there must exist if we're going to have their right to speak then you have to have some sort of a screen to say
Hey, they're speaking this and maybe parents want to know about it. So yeah, I've
I've kind of reluctantly come around you think the same goes for an Aussie
Osborne. Yeah, for sure I think it's even more difficult in that situation because then you get into religious
You also have that case coming up on July 16th where they're saying that some rock group or whoever it was
Caught some city committee. It was on that was just a rolling stone
Yeah, I remember eating that and then you have Charles Manson's people who claimed that the Beatles help the sculptor
sure was a part of
That murderous rampage it took place what the late 60s. So we should ban a little McDonald's hamburger
Okay, let's take another call. See what's going on. Broward. You're on the air. Yeah
Basically, I'm a former broadcaster myself
Few of people know me
Basically what I'm getting at is
This is America if you want something you buy something if you don't you don't have to listen to it
Well, you don't have to buy it with a 10 year old child who really
Cannot make up his mind or that maybe drawn to this because of the
The mystery of it the entry of it can go or could go in and purchase it and I
Think that's not a good thing. Well, I mean how many
Instances do you hear of small children small young boys sneaking playboy into school
Let's find the two-life crew out to be pornographic. Let's put it behind the counter
Let's be done with it. Let's not rate it next no one can listen to this
But I don't think you burn books or ban records in a free society
My point is that okay sure put it behind the counter put an age limit on it
But you can't take it away from a free society
This is a free society as we start to see that America is turning out more like Russian Russia's turning out more like America was
How many times have I heard that?
I'm gonna hear a lot more about it. I mean, this is absurd
It is absurd
It's really absurd unfortunately it comes from the place where we live too, which makes it even more
Yes guy asked me how I felt about
This area being known for dirty lyrics. I said I feel much worse about it being known for censorship
Yeah, you're right about that. They're saying that the
Deregulation is happening if you watch channel 39 or 33 all the non-affiliate stations
You can see TNA all day long
Yeah, but that's gonna stop because because Jesse Helms and his cohorts are
The holes is the right in the polls. Is he gonna lose? I hope well
I hope so too. What about the whole the art funding?
In the end the whole
funding or or with holding fund or shutting down exhibit? It's very hard to defend to
Christians the concept of an artistic exhibit
Where the guy is immersing across the crucifix in urine that's very hard to defend
but
The point is as a whole I
I have a run across crowds of people holding up jars of urine with crucifixes and I'm no I have a run across
Know is why could you the taxpayer fund that kind of art?
That is the real you know that's the question or whether it should come from private funding
That is is I prefer I don't think the government really has much business at all
It being involved in the arting our god. I mean then you have just who is the government Jesse Helms?
That's the scary point. I know
Again, who is this who is this man?
And why is he telling us what's art and what's not?
That's why we need those new taxes
You can show crucifixes in urine
Thank you George. Let's take this mobile
Totally against the lyrics
You're doing it
Yeah, I don't like broccoli
Well, let's ban it. I don't have to I wouldn't ban broccoli. I'd burn broccoli
I wouldn't be burdened at this juncture
It's talking to us wouldn't be good
Totally can't sit
Everybody has a right to listen to what they want to listen to
That's why I'm president. I make you do
Thank you
Take another mobile call good morning good morning
First time caller I hear the show constantly and finally got up the nerve to make the phone call
Good for you sir. I really want to talk a little bit about the situation not only regarding two-life crew
The other things that happened happening lately and broder
I'm 31 years old and I like to go to the
Beach everyone
Your phone is really awful sir
Yeah, he's selling going on mobile. Well, thank god. He likes to go to the beach. I've got for technology right exactly
Spend some money to get a better phone
I hate to say this I can meet general
Generations but I have to think that if the the top the story of the century were to happen and we were to establish contact with an intelligent race from another galaxy
The first question the Spanish media would ask is what's their position on Castro? Yeah, and did they ever play in it?
Well, and can they be using coyote?
I mean
I mean, that was just not about that
Castro's an inacred isn't even old man. He's on the way out on man. That was about something else embarrassing. He's still alive
Oh, it is
I also want to say canner you just one of the most articulate intelligent voices on the media down here and if thank you
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. No, appreciate it. That's the thing we don't get to hear you
That's basically like the heavy topics first thing in the morning. Yeah
That's what makes cane number one in New York. Let's talk about the new kid
My
And the media and how it influences these things. I wonder if any of you can actually say what it was that Mandela said about Castro
Boy, you know, there's not a good good question to in my mind what he said now this that that's that's very
People here know I'm sure I heard the sound bite
But let me spit back to you what what I think he said and then you can if you if you obviously have the sign
No, no, I haven't heard it and that's my point
Well, what I think he said is that he's these people supported him with nobody else did
And he's gonna go back on now
Because you know the challenger blows up and they practically run a continuous loop of it on CNN
But maybe it's a little bit complicated the way he phrased it and the long article in the health didn't have the quote
And it's the unarticle about that didn't actually quote I thought on TV
You know, I saw the clip. I think from the couple the couple show right exactly nightline
And why I don't think it's been on much and that's you know that that is
You know a lot of people are reacting to this as as happens typically with this kind of thing without having heard what it what it was
Yeah, I'd like to have heard it myself and and judge for myself
Nelson did not in fact, you know parade up and down the street with a flag that said yay Castro
Yeah, right. No, like I said he has another agenda
He's he's got a much much bigger fish to fry and he's for anybody that supports him anybody that gives them what they need and that
I have a little bit of a problem with that's kind of um
I mean come on. I mean castros human rights abuses doesn't seem well
I think I'll call highest and articulated very well in the hero yesterday. Yeah. Yeah when he said that basically
You know man Mandela our heroes have clay feet at times and that
And that mandala's off base with Castro and our fat
And that's not me and so on yeah, and but that does not mean that he's not a hero but Cawsey
You like your right here
So here's about something else if I may one last thing real quick about patriotism and free sweet free speech
What what flag waivers and and so-called patriots miss all the time with this kind of thing is the difference between condoning and allowing
You you know you may be and and it's it's when you find something reprehensible
Then it's all that much more important that you defend that as opposed to someone who
Will agree with it because that's a real proof of our of our freedom and the defendable of people to tolerate ideas that is not their own
That's right and it's in the easy, you know
It's an easy top-up to call yourself a patriot and defend all the easy things like the stars and stripes and the flag and the president
But to stand up and defend something you personally find offensive that is real patriotism
And when people said that the founding fathers didn't have the two-life crew in mind
I suggest to you that they had other things that were just as intolerable to them as a true life crew
Sure they did Benjamin Franklin said I may not agree with what you say, but I'll defend to the death you right to say it
You know that yeah, thanks for time. Thank you for calling back. Bye. Bye. Let's take another line Miami. Hello. Hello. Hi. I like the direct
They get what I'm saying towards
Don't you know markmozian show. Are they there now? Yes, they are. How are you doing guys? Hi?
I live in the car nice statement. I was there when cops broke his head on the car today
I still broken bottle
Yeah, I could tell a little
I'd like to say
Dedicated to funk snap two guys. I've got the power because power 96 is the best station in the nation
I'll take guys later. I appreciate you. Thank you
The best station in the nation, eh?
Well, I do think power 96 is this it is one of America's most unusual music mixes and there's a good reason for it
You talk a lot there's a lot of talk out there these days about
Bottom up marketing. It's even a book
Empowered i6 is a response to the community that it transmits to
Here's my question to you. How does a white boy from the south appealed to a Latin a large Latin audience by listening to the street
Both mark mostly and bill Tanner and Jim really are white boys from the south
But we love this place this wacky crazy place called Miami. I absolutely love its diversity
I live in Broward County and I love to hop in the car and spend an afternoon
What are you talking about in South Miami or our coyote or even more obscure parts of west date and then you know get in the car and go to Palm Beach and
You know act like you can afford the stuff on worth avenue
I love diversity. I grew up in Mississippi, which was about as
Unilateral a society as you possibly could my father was a government employee all of his life and
and
That was then this is now and I enjoy the diversity. I think marks a very prejudice background
Fairly early age I decided that that wasn't
Me no, I like people I like differences. I grew up where am I am fascinating my grandmothers made
A black woman as dear to my family as any a family member would bring her
Her daughter was retarded and she had a child who was my age and the child would would come to work with his grandmother
And would play and we would play all the time when he came time to eat dinner and sunny. He was then with sunny
Couldn't eat dinner with us and as a long as I can remember as a small child. I thought
This is a pile of crap
and
I can remember many dinner table discussions my older brother through bricks at Ole Miss he threw bricks at James Meredith
and
While I was on the air as a child as a teenager broadcasting it what was in a mutual affiliate just like this one is
When Kennedy was making his speech and we were carrying it and he was appealing to the people of Mississippi
to use their sense of history and
Remember their heritage and tolerate this
You know what was then called an outside agitator and allowed this admission to Ole Miss from James Meredith without
violence while the station was broadcasting this I looked down and driving around and around the station
where people with Confederate
flags
Tied to their radio antennas and they were all we were from the second floor in the building with a newspaper
And they were riding around around the station blowing their horns and shining their headlines and
giving us the finger
And I thought to myself
I wonder if there's a runway
Back door to this place what I ever found
Yeah, we really hit upon uh, I mean it's mostly a Latin
oriented
Station
Wasn't that way when you were at the Y100? No, I think power i6 is less
Intended to be a Latin station than it is intended to reflect Miami which is a somewhat Latin town
And that's why you'll hear a group like Rockset we played that rockset record didn't it should have been love
Could have been love might have been love must have been love
And I noticed you might have seen this morning. I had the music research out looking at it
While we were on the air and and the number one record is something like
Tiana and first true love which is the very Latin dance record and the number two record is the Rockset record and the point is
Miami is a very
It's a melting pot and the music reflects it as a melting pot
So we're not just a dance station, but we're dancing because
The community is rather Latin. I mean even when you add Broward in there's a strong Latin influence and then on the other side of the point
When I was the program director of Y100 in the morning guy there for nine years
Why 100 covered a lot of bases?
It was for housewives who liked rhythmic or even black music and generally the Latin listeners fell along those lines and you have white women that in teenagers
It was in the New York area that grew up listening to Wabc
Before Stan was on there
And no cane cane
BK well bottom line is what is coast going to do on the market?
Uh, it'll be in the mix with the rest of them
Better than GTR
Number one it'll easier to sell than GTR because probably because
Yes, probably because the salesman here are more acclimated to selling it and you know this business is again
It's all about making money. I what I was going to say to answer you question about the difference in Y100 in here is that
The diversification of media the the ex the tremendous number of FM station to come along and maximize their station
Their power their signal their promotion their advertising their giveaways their disc jockeys and all the things that make a a music station
You know
Ten years ago magic one oh two which is probably the revenue leading station in the market these days
Was just a little small disco station that was the FM of WRBD
I remember that and and and and very underpowered licensed to pop and obit
So all these people have come along and improved their radio stations
So that that big tent that used to be called Y100
In fact, they're playing to a small faction then put out let out which are you know
Anglo women they've had to renounce the teens and renounce the ethnics and what they have left
Left is the third place contemporary radio station. I mean they're making a living with it and and it's at for what it is
It's all right, but what it isn't is a winner. Let's
Let's take this mobile call. It's been on hold for a while you there. Uh, yeah, I'm still here. How are you good morning?
Um, the reason why I was following is regarding the situation with the two-life crew and
Mr. Nick Navarro
Characere right now go ahead. Yes, I know we haven't talked enough about it yet
So that's why I want to put my two fans there. I think we've talked in the cameras in the here in a few minutes
All right, it's my her local king. Yeah fine
I felt like Andy Griffith who may know Nick. Oh Nick. Well Andy was a sheriff
Anyway, what I wanted to say I've been living in Broward for a couple of years only and
I've been noticing it's very disturbing when being a young person when you start seeing a
Destruction of the spring for example even though there were problems with it
But I don't think they have to take so drastic measures against it
The other can't have all those kids down here sir. Yeah. Oh, no. That's that's bad. Is that the same thing?
Don't you think it's the same thing? Luther Campbell pushes the line
The kids from spring break pushed the line all of a sudden the authority figures go
That's right. We are the enforcers and so it's all the way back. Yeah, where I want the pendulum swings all the time
Yeah
The other thing for example is uh, well, they did away with the spring break. They did away with most of the topless bars in
Broward also
Now they're uh, well forget the naughty videos. Oh, obviously
How about they forget them
I can't get my video
American triple X this and that's gone. I mean uh, what does it take does it take only one person to take it off or
Did in that case? I think one person started
I mean because where are we in this situation? I would like to go against you know, whoever it is
I believe in everybody having their own right. Don't you think the problem is is that they're organized and we're not
It could be I just don't know where you're going. I think
Also, the people are very empathetic about voting. I think
Gosh, you really um
Tell people the only way they're going to change things like this and get people out of office that are making rules for you is to vote
I think the conservative element has always been better organized than then then I don't even call it liberal because the
L word is such a dirty word which remains
Please don't use that
No way. I know the situation is how how where do I? I mean as I said
Haven't been here long period of time. I've been here only a couple of years
But I'd like to defend my way of living. I'd like to be able
To have a satellite dish. I'd like to be able to go if I want to go with a poplis bar go there
If I want to random and next rated video, I want to be able to
You don't prefer to live in Romania?
I'm going to make Fort Lauderdale a great place to die
What a great average I think yeah, a great place to do
They wouldn't call the community
It's true that they wouldn't name the community
Sunset because of that very fact
No, I don't call it La Meloland
That's right
Well, it's like every comedian says you know my parents are over 60. They live in Florida. That's the law
I mean that's the law
I send them over there and forget about you know we send them there to die
So what can we do we can vote is that it?
You can vote but you have to organize and you have to have a sexy a film
Sound bites as the other people do you I mean it really is about
Randy's back to this whole thing of television. No, I disagree
Do you absolutely disagree? And if this gentleman to give me a minute I'll tell you exactly what he can do sure
There is an individual who will remain unnamed on this program who is basically behind all this stuff
You can do exactly the same thing
But the reverse by simply organizing a group
To keep an eye on what this particular individual here here here and what other individuals
Of like kind or doing because if as long as we can't rely on the Miami Herald
That's correct the Sunset and no we certainly can't rely on the TV stations because they're federally licensed
We can't rely on other radio stations because they're federally licensed
It takes an individual with a lot of time on his hand a lot of time a lot of money a lot of believe well organized
Who believes in the first amendment to the Constitution who believes in what a guy like Neil Rogers ought to be able to say on this program
Absolutely and let me take something stand is
110% correct sir believe it
Okay, thank you sir. Thank you for calling thank you very much
level 54 we've got to take a break here. We'll come back with the whole crew and the continued discussion next on news talk ready
Oh
Talking about how bombs are sealing 95 guard rail when southern
Lee with the bulletin to this up onto the screen
Who his partner and this up she said this up and the eyewitness noon
It's covered on Martinez and the two lies who will have more dissails coming up at 5.30
He pulled them from the thores because they so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh
They're so dirty. Oh
They're so dirty. They heard
He was a Paul
Thank you, Janice Reno. I'm glad that you're called. We've got to take a stand against it
rhyme
Besides is really close to election time his brow or judge friend that I will not fail y'all
We'll censor any mention of Jenna
Sale y'all they're selling six to kids throwing through puberty the two-line crew. Yeah, they so dirty. Oh
They're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They cursed all the time. Oh
They're so dirty. So so dirty. Oh
They're so dirty. They're so dirty. He could
He could grab a butt
So he had blood so most of the people said this guy is a putt
He read the land of that noise
dilution even row it went against the constitution and what did
Durant all of this job
So can thousand more copies at 1295 people to brand new Mercedes. It's really
hurt see driving into the bank
Cuz he's so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Oh
They're so dirty. So so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time
Is that a mark mostly for duck? No, it's ambition. Did that right? And then they're from cannell ten iwi
You'll be looking for you again tonight. Oh, I'm glad and we'll be back as we'll build Tanner
Mark mostly surel v stan and i and gal bright with the newsman
And build Tanner and mark mostly and Cheryl v from power 96. So what's the problem here? You're programming this radio station
Yeah, but none of controversy Tanner so jealous of the rickshaw drop-ins
The
Yeah, come on Neil juice it up
Do you get that stuff up? That's what he was talking about for you left. Yeah
I think um, I think that probably my admiration for Neil Rogers with people listening this show is known
I think Neil is brilliant
He is certainly one of the top people that I've ever heard on any radio station anywhere
Uh, what a tremendous wit. He's a witty to quick come back and his voice alone
You can read the expression on his face, which I tell my just jockeys they will attest to
burgundy rectus as I want to hear the expression on your face and Neil is I I hold Neil up as an example of that
But come on
Is juked it up Neil come on gets it and take take away the promotion department and change it to the controversy
Department get the food out of the building and let's go
Yeah, right
The car sisters ain't gonna lose the license and so let's get on with some great radio
We've got some phone on open. I just want to point out one quick thing
W and Ws days where the the controversial talk radio basically started years ago what
70 like 70 is something like
70
So it existed and it was I guess
Thingly owned or you know, and it was
Kind of like it was not a big corporate situation
And it and existed kind of like a boil on the rear end of my any radio
But a lot of people listen to it and it was successful and so here comes a big company Jefferson violence
And they're gonna put on a talk radio station on a 50,000-bar radio station right beside it everybody should have switched over right
But they didn't because it was milk toast
Problem and so they said well if we can't it must be our signal we only have 50,000
What's that by this little station over here and and we'll buy it if we can't create it we'll buy it and as soon as they bought it they ruined it
Because the name of this format is not talk. It's controversial
Hell raising so if you are rpd
I would tell you to raise more
I don't know where you come hell where you come hell through the corporate people
I got the phone lines working way some hell my any
Good
Broward hey, how you guys knowing there everybody sleeps sir
Was that the only one you're calling somebody a douchebag?
No, I'm not
Okay, okay, no, did you guys hear the news?
Martinez wants to call Mandela a commie? Well, I get to take one to no one
He's calling a douchebag and he doesn't really really okay
You're just I'm gonna touch on this two-life cruising once you guys freak out
First thing is the parents should teach their kids morals and values not share of neck
If they know what's right and wrong and they listen to the record
They know that it's just a joke don't don't believe it
But sheriff Nick wants everybody to think well their kids are gonna believe this
Sure, I think wants to get elected again. That's well. I hope everybody remembers the vote in two years
That's the key that is the cat's the key. I mean I
I registered to vote on my 18th birthday. Do you vote? Absolutely every vote
I don't care if it's for some stupid bill
You know our bond issue I vote for every time for you
I read the paper every day. I'm 25 years old. That's a majority that it takes you. No, unfortunately. It's a lot
Especially for a baby boom. So now that you do encourage your friends to how many of you how many of your friends do
Uh, probably about 50 percent which is what showed up for the last presidential election
It's possible to emotionally charge people to the point where they will get angry enough to go out and vote if that's what it takes to do
Then you have to do it
Well, that's what I thought if you look in contact. Well, I tell when people come and complain to me about
Reagan or Bush or anything like that. I just look at him and say did you vote and they say no?
I think then don't talk to me. Right. You're the next one. You're right. Don't talk to me. I want to hear it. I want to hear it.
He's not cool to vote. No, they're half a set of people are right to lose
Pass the crunch taters and turn up the soap
The
Three's company. Yeah, I'm too busy or I don't want to take the time. It's too much time out of my life
Well, they don't complain for the next four years. I think a lot I think a lot of what had to do with the last election was
Everybody knew George Bush was going to win. They knew the caucus was going to lose and people don't want to vote for a loser
Well, what everybody also says and this is true too is when you're on the fence, you know, and you say, well
You know, you think the deal goes for the winner
We all we all talk about voting and the first thing comes to mind is a presidential election when all the laws that we're bitching about here are done by the
Even the state are the local right the city ordinance people who's who's representing you at the city council meeting and and I don't know about you guys
But when I go there and I see all these names who all these people anyway, what are they saying for?
Well, we couldn't even vote in judge Gonzalez. He was appointed. Yeah, that's true
You know that's not my we can't vote him out. We're stuck with him. Thank you Jimmy Carter
You know, and I'll tell you that one last thing and wait till the next two live crew album because this is all gonna start again
You know it's called on you now what is it called band in the USA? Oh, yeah
That's right. I'm not a week from tomorrow. I believe yeah, it's all gonna start again. It's gonna be just as nasty
And I'll tell you it's a media voice form
They're gonna send so more album
Out there have not heard that they're putting a clean version out this time although
Luther Campbell did tell
Uh, assistant program director that he was gonna do a clean version of the first single for us now whether they're going to release this is a
You know to be bought by the public
Is the new albums coming out and it can't be played on the airwaves? We're people gonna hear it. You know what?
It will be played on the airway the little need is with that tub gin
If if it's clean then you can play it on the air and only the other they had three albums out before
Nasty as they want to be and
People that listen to two-life crew music will tell you that the third album was worse if that's possible
Yeah, I thought it was pretty funny. I mean you know what the me so horny
Sound bite from that comes from what is the movie mark you mr
It's a Vietnam movie whether the Vietnamese hookers are trying to get the soldiers to come in
Oh, I know
The horny that's the sound bite that the song me so horny was lifted with both around
Um, and so I thought the song was pretty clever
I mean it's like a lot of the other records you come. I mean are we gonna like
Yeah, I mean people say to me do you really like that music you play on the radio and I say no I much prefer bow Donald's in the Haywoods
And I play the y-100
You know, I mean a break it's pop music, but the point is this
that
It was all right for what it was
And I knew it would be popular because the actual cleaned up version is like a link and
sexy, but not too dirty record clever records type like that are hit with the public now
I do have some problems with this for a long time you see to our audience this whole debate is ridiculous
Because it's closing the barn door long after the horses galloped away because they all ran out and bought whichever version
They wanted during the how many months stand nine months of year that it was out
With no one said anything about anything and so they could buy whatever they wanted so they're like what is all the house?
I wanted to I said that we sit on the air
I would have loved to have been in in the courtroom when the judge ruled on this and when he said you cannot buy this album
To been able to lean over and whisper in his ear excuse me judge they already have it
You know and it's worth just vastly increased. Thank you exactly. What did he sell 2.7 million copies something like that?
Yeah, it's up there. We were talking to Richie Pacto the other day trying to figure out how much of each album sold
Campbell got a lot because he does not have a record company's
That's what he pointed out exactly and he has had many opportunities to be
Affiliated with a major record label and has wisely turned them down saying why do I need you guys?
I'm getting all right. Thank you system and I have been on hard to work
I'm not a guy
But he has that's also um going over into other acts you mentioned
Adder died play who hasn't been touched yet, but Madonna was almost censored in Toronto
Yeah, but what what really happened as soon as she said come on and made a little fuss they said oh sorry
Sorry, sorry
Well for what I understand she said uh if you want to uh, I'm not gonna change well actually she said I'm not gonna change my
Something act for you and if you want to cancel the concert you tell 30,000 people
Yeah, not me and then they backed off
So that would work if it was made by the police not either
I mean
Everybody agrees there's a line
Over which we don't want our kids to step the exposed or our wives or our mothers or whatever and
that's sort of
Pretty much agree of course the question is we can't agree on where the line is drawn or particularly from my saying what who's going to draw the line
Okay, but let me ask you this question just as it just as a devil sad good here. I subscribe to HBO cinematics and showtime
I pay money for those
And an Andrew dice clay pops up or an Eddie Murphy pops up on one of those channels
I'm not getting my money's worth because I'm not gonna watch these guys
And it bugs me that they're on these paid channels with their stuff
Because I don't want that on my household and I don't want to watch it
It's a lock on me. I've already paid for that, but I don't want it
It's not this and you're gonna your argument is gonna say well suppose there's a
Arnold Schwarzenegger movie on you don't want to watch it. It's not the same thing
Because I can leave the the stupid violent movie on
without
fearing that the children in the household are gonna hear the f-word every 10 seconds from an Eddie Murphy or whatever
Although the f-word is certainly prevalent in a lot of these movies that are yeah, that's true
But not but not it's not the extent that pull that is not the f-word
I think it's not a whole lot rent hidey
That'll solve your problem. Yeah rent hidey and just watch some hidey movies and y'all leave me alone because I
I'm a comedian. I'm a bad at it. I want you absolutely
10 seconds to wrap being pleased. I did I can do that. I can m- I can get your hand
Don't don't keep the hand away. We're gonna cut out for a car. Take your hand off the butt. Where is that?
We just go sitting here trying to figure out how we would program radio stations if we had one
Do you have critiques on every radio station? Yeah sure. It's my job. Do you listen to radio station other than yours and don't
Yeah, well, I have radio stations that I live my personal favorite radio station that I listen to
Uh from my own just enjoyment if I'm
Not working is W.I.O.D
And and I listen to the I like the CBS news on wins, you know punch over and hear that
Um, so I don't look at music radio music radio. I listen
Around to to different radio stations. I'll punch
Competitively course I punch a Y100 and and hot 105 to see what they're doing
But they're programming doesn't really interest me because it's not much entertainment values mostly records
Just back-to-back records and so that I do more in the concept of working but uh for enjoyment. I like
I like to say about the competition though. Yeah, I think hot 105 is a good radio station that is
Extremely well programmed by a brilliant programmer Keith Heisley. He's excellent
I think that the people that my friend Frank Amadeo who programs Y100 is a nice person and
Is completely overrun by the manager of that radio station who should stay out of the programming
That you know
And uh, okay, and everybody knows it in the market too
But they'll tell us how you really feel
No, no, anything man. Come on baby. Don't sugar coat it
When you talk about the uh
Other radio stations around the the the dull contemporary stations. I find some records that I like on on coast
Um, I used to like you know what I used to like I used to like joy before they changed it because I'm 45 years old
The format was called 41 format 41 and boy did they hit my button all the time
But you see here in the twilight years of my rather mediocre career
I have
The demographic I have passed the the age of demographic desirability
For you and so no one programs
When you listen to power when you're in your car. Can you listen calmly? Oh, yeah, I I
I'm getting I believe as
You get upset about some things you hear and and as cost will tell you I do call heatedly at times
Yes, but I believe that
Mostly what this jockey's need when they're on the areas encouragement
You need to be the this jockey needs to hear or you toyed up on that last one excellent more more more
And that if that is the attitude that the program director has most of the time that that really brings out the creativity and the individual people on the air
That's what I want personally the program director. I will say this not many people apparently agree with me because radio is pretty damn bland out there
Yeah, some years ago somebody said oh well the disc jockeys are all talking too much and what was happening was
People who had no business being this jockeys worked on their talking talking about every day
So yeah, I think you have something to say
Who was it creatively who was the guy was it Mark Twain or someone?
I don't know who said brevity is the soul of wit and that's what being a great disc jockey
I think is is all about when you hear
Cox just hitting on all forces that to me my favorite personal disc jockey in all the world is Robert W Walker on our station
And he can say more in fewer words and just fit the energy level
You know great radio and great disc jockeys enhance the enjoyment of the music otherwise they would be replaced by a CD player in your trunk
But right a great disc jockey who really enjoys music and can and can keep you on the edge
You see the about things that are coming up and and maybe weave a little community action into what's going on could curry
Who is on our station now is a great joke
They've been trained all the good ones are on your station
Well, I think they can move on
I believe in disc jockeys I believe they're important you know, I don't believe it
The person non-personality radio is exactly right
Good for you mobile
Hi, how you doing?
Uh, just as an example how far censorship is um, it's extending
I don't know if you're aware of the example of American Exocency
I know you're just talking about what you did
Mm-hmm satellite
Yeah, I mean I was a subscriber to that
That was a uh, I mean you had to pay a lot of money for that
And you had all these boxes come with a frontal lockout code
Yeah
And uh, I don't know how far you've been to the discussion what happened but basically one state
Hello, Mama
Well, he lost it on the mobile but what happened is one
Uh, rural sheriff
Came across bunch of teenagers that had these
Poinot films that they taped off the satellite and and he filed a legal action against
Home dish the owners of the company
That operate not only at American Turtle Expo but Tuxedo which was a slightly
Tone down version of the Poinot channels that was also in the satellite and he
filed a legal complaint against the company's
Owners
Home dish satellite in in New York which by the way was some xnbc
Hauncho that ran the things. I'm gonna involve something or anyway
Um, I mean it was to the point and it may still be to the point where the only thing that is keeping the sheriff in Alabama
From extra-diting these people
Two Alabama for criminal trial about having invading Alabama's
Airspace I guess whatever it is
Is Mario Cuomo
And they're waiting to decide if Cuomo's gonna allow the extradition and probably he won't we hope
Also that councilman from Palm Beach Ron Howard was opi in disguise right once
Get the 900 numbers off the uh tv. That's today in the paper. I'm advertising on tv especially the women
Well, you know, uh has nothing to do with censorship. I get tired of seeing them
I mean you watch a move
I mean
God, I mean you run it right after another, you know, and uh stand let's form a committee against boredon
That's so that's it. You know, our answers against boarding that are insulting to your intelligence
That that in the uh the 800 p.i. stuff that just comes up the album that just comes up all the time, you know on
Consistently about damn fear. I get you have to take that
Yeah, you know, I never knew there was actually a damn fear until I saw
Oh record he stole more records than the Beatles and box car really combined
It's pretty frightening. I saw a zed on people a couple weeks. I couldn't believe it
It's 1227 we're gonna take a break here and we'll be back
The ratings a few days no the 12 the few days before he left
He was saying just exactly what you're saying
Let's not really let's not have any more of it. He's gonna fine tune his show
According to Neil. This is what he said before left the vacation and you're right
He will too and and what you were talking about he was talking about me was not for everybody, but he is he has
Certainly the head of of a very slim pack of people
He can bring ratings to radio stations. Why are you listening to the stations today, ma'am?
I'm listening to the station today because
I heard a planky about how he did
Let me tell you now
When I did go over to my cranberry in the morning and all of a sudden my quits on our
Neil was on I listened for a while. I sent my god
He's the same that he was years ago and I switched off
Then I'd go back and forth because people do switch back and forth when they listen to the radio and I heard you on I think Stan and you
Are very interesting this morning and I agree with Stan what he said about having that in his home if he wants to
Listen to that somewhere else five, but he's he's wise and right to say in his home. He doesn't want
The children there to to have all this
And like this if not it's it's you know, we all know the words
And Neil third reminds me of a little kid who says oh, I know a dirty word. I'm where did you learn them, ma'am?
Where did I learn what the words tell us the words that Neil uses are not test words
They are words that are just in poor tail. And we want to hear where you learn them
What words the words that you're thinking of now the word I'm thinking of now is the one that Neil uses which is a
Completely non-custy word. It's just
It's just the same as he uses
Animate to a woman who calls up and you go to a banana. It's just what Neil is doing is
That tired parody it's shocking
The audience is running because I don't know if anyone every time I say something Neil oh god, he is he's still on
And that's the only reason I found out he was still on is when I switched I'm now back to WNW
Except on this time when you when Stan and
Randy good
I'm gonna go off the air due to the fact that their listeners over here
Yes, well, isn't we appreciate you as a fan of her but it is boring when you have to resort towards like that
It's just so well, thanks. Thank you for an exciting call. Well build out of it now. So
Let's go to this mobile what line is this to mobile? Hey, she's the one to listen to ow
Yeah, that's right. Oh, you're so wonderful. Let me tell you something you'll back
You know, you're not the kind of people they want here anyway
You know, you know, they have a program WID for people like that and knowing that you know
She's one other one of those people that can quote chapter and verse of every show
But she never would you know he's the top of her mind
And that's that's a very interesting thing. It's incredible. She's
Well what position did I'll take on flight burning right never figure there will be further in it
But you know, obviously you know, obviously I'll listen. I'll give us a call
Well, we do have a celebrity on the line. Marvah, who is this
This is a celebrity. Oh, excuse me sir. Go right ahead
Anyway, I just want to make a make that charm that because I'm driving around all of a sudden I hear this old back call
Oh, you're so wonderful
And a ramby and the Neil so nasty it's that same old car
Neil so nasty that's the next single
I was listening to you in Neil Thursday and he predicted that this would all ramby you so wonderful and you know
Breath of fresh air
And we had a couple of calls like that. Thanks. All right. We got to take this call celebrity better be a celebrity you a celebrity
You know, where are you supposed to be on this show and you're not hearing the only person that I listen to is
Tanner in the morning. I don't even listen to my own show
That's a parent
Ha
You're doing a good job off the radio. Yeah, it's got some public appearance. You're living from them. I like to call a pain
You're those hate of your mind
Which car phone are you on though? Nice car phone. Yes, he has a like one on his belt one in his hand one in his ear
Isn't it? I think it's important to be as electronic as possible because it's to be able to reach out and touch and feel your instrument
They're absolutely at the side of that
It's the only tax reduction we have
We were just having that little discussion off the air
I just call to say I'm listening and I haven't heard anything important yet
It is you know, we know that's it to go sleep here for a while
But we're back to life talks with you. You have infused this once again
Listen, Rod. I just actually took away what to call and say
God you guys are boring
We have an afternoon opening now between two and six on power 96
And you got to need the job exactly
Please go to the money. Coconut, I grow
Hi, I don't know am I on the radio? Yes, you are sir. I don't know how I'm gonna top the laps. You've been a high stand. How you doing?
I don't know if I'm hilarious. I am
Listen, I don't have a top all this huh? Never mind. Go ahead. I can Randy. I don't know you but I'm enjoying it
Uh bottom line and I don't know how to say that to you Randy
I was saying that there were just last month
I'm not gonna say that to you but I'm enjoying it
And I am too, guys. Give me my hand here
If they don't like it turn it off
It's your basic sticks and spells break your bones
You know that words will never hurt me works with me it works with Neil works with the two live crew works with Nelson Mandel
Remember in the 1670s the best thing an artist or movie or book
What we could do is get it banned in Boston. Yeah, thank you. Hey guys. I'm listening and I'm knowing you made my day
Well, gosh, you're so easy. Thank you. Okay, Stan. Take care, buddy. I'm listening here
It's so easy. Let's go to deer fields. Hello. Hello. Randy. Yeah. I just said a curiosity. Are you the uh
You ever with a station called the lady? No. Oh god
I remember that station. I used to talk about
Yeah, we have a New York
Yeah, right. We have an opening for a bisexual man from day to call
Oh god, they would do that
Got a reminder me Bill
You
Oh
Let me ask you something
With what kind of a I don't think we want to hear that say the truth. Let's go to Miami. Hey
Hello. Hello. I'm on a car phone sort of I heard that old douchebag talking to you a few minutes ago
And I pulled off the road and I'm out of pay phone but I'm still sitting in my car. So that's kind of a car phone
Carpools I sell
Hey, I called because that lady caught you guys Friday
What lady that lady was calling with us talking about owl
Rantel hours
Same lady almost the same time last Friday because I take a little lunch. I come out and turn my car on
And it was the same spiel
I know she's listening
Same story the same douchebag
You know she kept that word bothered her last week
I know you guys are inundated with calls so you don't remember them all but
She irritated me there and she irritates me today
Irritation then and irritation now
Is it their cream you can use for that?
Yeah, but
Oh, I can't are you?
Hey, Randy would sell this time out of the back of his trailer
Yeah
Randy what I really enjoyed y'all
Two a.m. You still listen to you every morning and I know I did out and I know where you're gonna end up right
Well, I'm here for now. Yeah, here's an hour gone for later. Anyway, uh, that's all I gotta say
It's kind of a report on the old hag. Well, thanks same one from last week. Hey, I get another phone
Yeah, well, I'm running out my phone bill maybe in this car phone
I'll talk to you later to put it back before you pull off
I need to use some of the old drive-ins remember you put that thing on the window and drive away
Drive away in the whole window would come out
That's wise. Hey, to say I'm an idiot, but I did that twine
1240 we got some day lines open here folks the number is 751 94 63
Broward 524 wiod and the Palm Beach is 655 wiod were here with
And major and and build Hannah and Mark Mosley and the cast of thousands and Cheryl V
I hear from
My friends
Well, haven't I heard that he is no longer with that station and Dallas that he left to go and
Worked on back in town. Well, I don't know. I kind of thought he might show up at Waxie and then Budell got that job
Let's talk about that
Is it their first indicated show now or something or something or an hour? Yeah, that's honey was gonna work with someone else on a
Really
How many boys do you do I don't know you I don't know you
What you see what we like to do I love to on the air destroy my curve and he's all prepared to do
Yeah, are you a stand-up comic also? Oh, yes to a degree. Yeah, what degree? Well, I
I used to do it on a regular basis and now I'm in the process of getting back into it
Got to go to eating is what it is well sleeping
Or because you know when you work when you get up at four o'clock in the morning
It's very hard to be out into the in the comedy club until one o'clock. How did you learn to do voices?
I mean he does the best voices you Michael does great boy
I know you know, but the idea to comment last night. I heard you you called him
He said I've been doing voices for 20 years and everybody's calling up and asked about mark. Yeah
He was talking about that. Yeah, yeah, that's true. So what do you do? Do you hear a voice and stand in front of a mirror and
You know not so much standing in front of mirror do a lot of practicing and just experimenting when I'm driving in a car
um
I'll
Verily very rarely do I like set my mind towards saying okay? I'm going to learn how to do this person
It just sort of happens a lot of the impressions are learned by watching other impressionists
uh, you don't do I picked up the
Doing bush from Dana Carvey on Saturday night live
We don't do is a mark doesn't is not we I don't do any of them and mark doesn't do as many impressions these days as he does his own
Caraties he's come up with these two really big hit characters which are tyrone and everybody knows the tyrone some kind of a con man and
Red would everybody knows, you know your favorite redneck. Yeah, no
The ones here warm temperate pine down here. Oh
Hello, hello
Dan glad to hear you back on the air. Thank you. Well people were talking about
What was really the like the nexus of this deal? Well, right now you can't talk about it
That's that's what that's the problem is you guys can't talk about it either what's going on
What's going on soon with the two-life crew? I mean
This few wonder how the thing all started will start with people that stand and you can't talk about
The censorship started with them. Mm-hmm
And now it's spread to two-life crew and who knows where those guys are gonna stop
That's why I made the statement that I made
Uh, a while ago that
There needs to be somebody
to
Look over the shoulder of people who get involved in this these are fanatical people
Absolutely, and there has to be a and you can't rely on the Miami hero to the Sun symbol to do it
You can't rely on anybody else. It's got to be somebody who wants to
Support the first amendment and the right of people to be as filthy as they want to be
And to be rejected for being filthy or to be bought, you know
Free marketplace out there. Yeah, that's a marketplace
And that's that the problem is it's the marketplace has been taken away from us by a couple of people
We got one talk show host on another station
He sits on a couple of phone books. He can reach the microphone and spews his hate every weekend
Then you got the other guy no one can talk about and they're out there of running the morals for everybody else and it's just uh
It's uh, I think it's just fascinating that uh, that uh
We don't see an ex-posa of what's really happening
And either the herald of the sun symbol which are the two primary newspapers were more likely to see it in something like the Saint Pete times
Well the new time it did a story on them
So what is that that little uh, whining in the background?
You're killing your dog. I mean um my daughter's trying to she's throwing her lunch everywhere from a paying attention to her
I'm talking to you guys. I hope my wife isn't listening at work and she knows what I'm doing, you know
These are lovely them
We've all been through that. Well, they're go-speed your daughter, huh?
All right, we'll take care of Stan play us. Mo gets in your eyes sometime all right. All right. Bye
Mo gets in your eye
Of which you can only elude
Should really I think be aware of the fact that he has made himself a public figure and therefore
Has to live with the fact to right that he can be criticized um
He will
Gonna happen
No, it's it's not and I'll tell you
I'll tell you the best way to
To retaliate against any kind of
fanaticism
Is out in the open and is with other people who
Gotta get the people fired up, okay? I'm not in a position to go out and lead a parade
Okay, and say that uh this particular organization that that particular person is doing what they're doing
Uh, it takes it takes somebody with a lot more time than I've got on my hands
But it takes a lot of work. It's a full-time job
Come up to 1240 says I've got to tell you about shale now build Tanner all right. We'll listen it Tuesday
What a crew have here today build Tanner mark mostly Cheryl v from power 96 and Stan major and I sitting in for the vacationing
You know, Roger. We were just talking about uh Howard Stern
I'm up in uh, that's an interesting uh situation because he's got the the people in corporate are absolutely behind him
Absolutely, that's what it takes. It does take that uh, and I think it always has taken that because I don't know if people
Understand that performing on any medium but radio is true in television
It's a fragile thin thing. I mean you can sling hash at the diner or work at um the K-Mart store or be an executive for IBM
And I don't think this is much of your own personal being your soul
That's as bad to the public and there is with performing whether you see the audience don't see the audience and you need
Mentors in management. I know I have I have not I mean it appears that I've just been here since the sand
But I've always had a tough time in my career and I treasure and value and I know he's not listening because his wife is having a baby
So I can talk about him
I treasure and value so my relationship with with the guy that owns and runs our radio station now because um he
He brings out he brings out the performer in us
He understands what the business is all about. He's forever saying left these people who are not broadcasting get out of the business
They have no business in there. I hear a lot of people that yeah, but it hasn't been easy. It hasn't been easy
Um cox will tell you that
And one of the things though and let me just talk about it. It wasn't supposed to be easy to read. Let me talk about him for a second
One of the things about him is
He he's very good with words
I'm talking about Bill Tanner now. He's very good with words. He's very good with diplomacy and he's very good with telling you exactly how he feels
No beating around the bush none of this game playing where you go
Well, he sent he feels this way, but does he really feel this way when you walk out of the room from when he told you something
You know how and that's very refreshing. It's very rare in his business
And that's what makes it such a pleasure and and a lot easier to work
A lot of the couple of people that have worked with you for you and and the fact you were talking about a mentor before
It's very important in this business and and they have singled you out as being very important to them and their careers
I'm proud as to people who who rip to me it is a great thrill to hear a great performer performing great
I mean, however clich is that sounds when Mark is on and just being and making cracking us up when you hear you guys doing a great show
And you're new being funny. I heard Neil one day
Just sitting there doing a bit of where he eats his sandwich and goes down the phone's line and we've all been there
You know trying to eat your lunch, so I was going add it add it add it add it add it
Just go down the phone lines. It was so funny. It was a crack up. I get such a charge
I mean I can have all the P&L sheets and stuff in front of me and dealing with the thing from from a management side
But it is a performing medium and that's what I get off on
And I try to infuse that sense of excitement and creativity and performance in the people that work with me
And to me the great thrill of it all is tuning in hearing Cox just tearing up on the radio or
Or anybody that's a man
Or a man I wonder now he's up in New York and
Super talent and I must tell you that she called me the other day and and she wanted to talk to me about the job that Cheryl got
Because we're you know, I mean to me that's a great pleasure to have someone who's gone as far as she has
They will I like to talk about coming in and coming back coming back home. Yeah
And well take this mobile call here. He's been hanging out for a while. You there?
No, I'm here. I'm here. Well say something
I was going to real complaint with your show that yesterday you making light of the
Situation over in a ram
And yet today you're talking about
Oh, it's said so with Nelson Mandela. He
Didn't this money and he's gonna spend it on arms and everything and I might leave the killing and everything
I see some real contradiction there real
Hypocrysthe you're so like I said you're so unconcerned. They feel light of the uh your answer to the other hand
You're worried about yes, it may or may not occur
Stelling of arms or whatever
Well, Sam, why do we want to drop that bomb yesterday? Why not?
You're right
But nobody said that I have to be the other way
Nobody said I had to be logical and rational when it comes to the Uranians man
I am totally irrational. I think that we should have gone into the embassy like 24 hours after it was taken
And I still regret the fact that Carter Carter just sat on his hands
But he did that with a Muriel boat lift too. He sat on his hands and waited around
And it's like he had to have so much advice for so long a period of time
If we knew this is an interesting point. I wonder if we knew then
In terms of how long those hostages were going to be kept and what they would be put through if we knew then what we know now would we have done that?
I don't know
It's hard to gauge what a Jimmy Carter would have done. I have to all here's a man who said that big president
The United States was when I'm gonna be any more difficult to be governor of Georgia. Yeah
So here we learn trouble when you said that
So long
Sir are you still there? Yeah, I just have a problem with the fact I mean
If some other country wants that like animals, I mean certainly we didn't can him be like that. It's a very emotional issue
Sir I understand that. Yeah, you can't be very emotional now. Yeah
Didn't you see the scenes on the network news last night of them burning the American flag and screaming the same old crap that they've been burning over here
I mean, I mean we're burning our own flag over here with the health of difference is just a
Little little hidden. I want the freedom to be able to do that. Okay?
If I want to burn my own flag
Somebody else brings that I get been out of here. We got a good point to women and children, you know
You men and tarry and reasons you don't drop the bomb government to the problems usually not people right in most cases. Thanks for calling
But we have your Pembert Ponds you want to hear people in the embassy and that the hostages that are held have families too
Good morning
Folks ladies and gentlemen morning. Got to make it fast. I'm coming up to the news. Okay. First of all sunny Fox
spy reports flash rumor
Okay, LJ New York
Well, that would be nice. That would be nice. You'd last there approximately 90 days back
We're gonna do well that station is the second biggest toilet in the country and I won't say which one
But I will say radio here, doesn't I'm sorry. I got a run. I got the news coming up
Thanks for calling
Rude of may huh? And when you gotta go you gotta go you gotta go. I gotta go. I gotta take a break
Well, we're into the one to two hours
Mostly leaves some uh some good stuff Marvin
Ah very good. Isn't it? See every time see that's the other reason you book these guys on the show because
Material
This material is really material half the material in this and Neil's cart rack is from mostly and we'll take more to base
My own cart rack here too. That's a
Price is right
The price is real right. Well, we're back again. Midi from Chris
From cuz from cuz horrible name. I know
The last name I wanted you but Tanner wouldn't let me he didn't want to
Yeah, I know Douglas
Mindy Douglas very came to the same thing with Jerry Seinfeld
He was doing a talk show and Jerry was his guest and said that's a terrible name
He can't just sign a failed maybe but not a fine
He said hey, that's my name. Why can you do? I was Mindy Douglas for years
I was Mindy Douglas my first two years or my first year and a half of radio when I moved to Miami
I started working at Parano6
Tanner hired me and he said okay, so Mindy Douglas is a nice name
But what's the real name and I said froncus and he died laughing in the spot
That's you know you're you're funny and you've got personality and froncus is it
You look like a froncus. Oh, thanks fan
No one's like Dominique hot 105 Mindy and Mallow
My right
And hot is still hot hot hot and still hot and staying hot very hot. We just plan to keep it going
So doing very well. Are you playing two live crew?
Yes, we're still playing two live crew. We're a clean version. The clean version
I don't think we ever played the door
You know what's so amazing to me and I brought this article in it within what was it people magazine with Madonna and Warren on the cover?
Yes, somebody actually
Listen to the two live crew version. We so horny be ex-rated version to tell us that
There were 226 uses of the word f
The f word somebody actually went through the counter and counted it
87 descriptions of oral sex one mentioned of incessant goes on and on and on listing
What was mentioned and how many times too bad they can't just index the record to the people who are so interested and go right to the oral sex
Mentally whatever they like exactly right. Well, mint is here. We're going to talk about two live crew and
Whatever else we can figure out to talk to but does she think it's a little overkill on the f word
Major
All major overkill
Definitely major overkill when they do their live gig do they do that
Much or do they tone it down a little bit their live gig is extremely live and it's very live
And it's just what you'd expect in the same thing the performances in Hollywood and at club new was just after they were
Band so to speak so
Band, Navarro was a major portion of their show. Yes, he was he ain't they got people quite excited
It's a fear going in the audience
You know it's amazing how Brauer County has become the Boston of the 1990s
No longer banded Boston outspaned and
Well, we know how it's true and it's not it's not the reputation that I mean
I've lived in South Florida most of my life and certainly since reputation that I would like us to have I know all this
I was listening to you all earlier talking with with Mark and then Bill and Cheryl and it
I love South Florida. I it's not the reputation that I want for our community
We have such a great chance here to be in the forefront of so many things. We're not in New York and we're not not Los Angeles
But you don't have to be you know, we have a lot of wonderful things a lot of exciting cultural events going on here
Why do we have to have such censorship since censorship going on? Oh wait wait till
Nick and his buddies start checking out the bathing suits on the beach
The easterings you know you've got enough oil from seller door had a really good quote in in the newspaper when all this was coming out
He said you know, I've been in the concert business a long time
And I can understand concert some concerts being banned in the South
Some parts portions of the South the deep South but never did I think it would happen in Brauer County
You know Bobby Brown was arrested in a part of Georgia for doing one of his very sexual dances toward to one of his songs
You know a couple of months back and it's happening
You know it's happening more and more frequently and hey folks if you're scared about the two-life crew
There's more of this coming now more than music but more of the banning well what about
If you want to get into Elvis was only shot from the the waist up on Ed Sullivan
Jamoris how many times how long did you wait?
But how many times was Jamoris and pulled off of stage off of the stage
I don't know many times what like Tanner said the pendulum swings and now it's time to go we went through the whole
generation was spit on
or worse and
Things were loose and free free love remember the pre-leg generation. I was too young for that
You two both went through and it made it open
You know you look back and all the way around the world
And I love loosely wiki luci couldn't even sleep in the same bed
You could mention the word pregnant
That's right
She couldn't want to mention that one and the old pendulum is starting to swing back again for him
But isn't also the other extent of that is doesn't some things go in full?
Oh, yeah, absolutely, but how long is it gonna be then?
That's the thing I don't know but the problem is that that in some ways it's it's almost
It's not a terrible thing that any the AIDS crisis for example has brought back
Monogamy and relationships and people cannot be as into as into casual sex and they can't be as
Unconcerned about their sexual health so the relationships are more and style big weddings are coming back
You know
That's not necessarily bad that that's that's a healthy thing perhaps
But when it affects everything else, you know that's something that's very difficult to reverse too
right
Very very full one piece bathing suits are coming back. No boy in the 40s
You know they I saw normal Kamali's new line. I really are back. I didn't really know that
We've got two lines open here in Dave to call it 7519463 a line in Broward
524
W I O D. Let's take a call here got a mobile line you there mobile? Yes, I am. How you doing fine? How are you?
I'm on
Visiting from Virginia and I've every time I get down here about 14 weeks out of the year. I try to listen to shows
So it's always kind of interesting to see different personalities changes and like
You know roll a phone or something
They would like to talk about this no-sumindella thing
You know in the past I will would have been makes I don't know if I can expand like there's a rock on roll thing
But certainly I would appreciate anybody who's gone through with melcom and melcom through
But when he's come out with all this
Has about is about
Communists
And a supporter of Kada
Cash from support and you got a you got a wonder
Um
How in the world we could support such a thing and by frankly in that regard I would agree with y'all
I would certainly like to
commend
Miami on not
Welcome the amount of official basis for me as a as a visor they should and
somewhat embarrassed that
We would receive them as the third
So William basically to make a statement before congress at the state gets
Not appropriate for an avowed communist and in a much that the
Communist world is changing and even the own communist party is turning
Turning code on her on her own party because look at what the floor of a child has done
I think that support
El indella is not the right thing to do on a pre-s teacher comment. Okay, sir
Let me get out of that line because you say now
I think a lot of it has to do with what Nelson Mandela went through which is why they're holding in such him in such a reverence
And I can I understand this this colors point of view, but I gotta say one thing
I'm not thrilled yet believe me. I do not support the PLO and I do not support Castro and very
Very anti anti-PLO anti-Castro, but I appreciate that there is a there is a big segment of our community black white and Latin
Who do respect Nelson Mandela and I don't know if I am thrilled that there'll be no official welcome
I'm I'm I understand that we will not we don't have a hero in Nelson Mandela who's perfect
He he does
Support certain people who are very volatile who are are negative in many respect who are supporting his cause who are supporting his cause when
In the paper this morning's Florida. We still have millions of dollars in businesses that invest in South Florida
My proud of that no I am not that really
Instead of supporting South Africa exactly. I'm not proud of that at all. Are we gonna have you know pagan perfect pagan statues that we can put up in respect and that that will be perfect
None of us are and Nelson Mandela certainly is a buddy did go through something very important
I think that it's kind of a shame that South Florida isn't welcoming
Nelson Mandela in any official capacity
We're the only one in the in the
He got to separate the politics from this kind of thing and I was I was kind of shocked
Well then again, I guess I wasn't to see that mayor swore as through in real quick on this so-called
Thing the statement that they put out. I mean here's the mayor of Miami who
Not too long ago when to run for governor was thinking about running for governor. So he got a lot of the national press
Yeah, and he has political
ambitions that go beyond being the mayor and yet he looks like a
Havana city councilman, you know by making this kind of statement and
They I don't understand it. These people under Batista if you go back that he's the had the worst
regime
just pull a crooks
and just all kinds of
of right wing
Dictatorship type crap that was going on and
It seems like the Cubans can only settle for one extreme on the left or one extreme on the right
And they're now in a country where we don't have an extreme on the left or we don't have an extreme on the right
And they should realize
That a Mandela has a right to come here and speak it is just as they have a right to demonstrate against his appearance here
That's what this country is all about. It is the same exact problem that is splitting apart South Florida that is that is causing all the racial tension and the ethnic tension that we feel it explode
Yes, I'm the right to come here and
Say whatever he wants to
You don't you don't go or not to go right exactly. It's like the CDs you don't need to buy the movies you don't need to watch
The strip shows you don't need to go to
It's a one-sixteen at six ten w i r d. We'll be back after this
The scientists have warned us that as women we face some pretty serious risk
We are vulnerable to osteoporosis the painful dedilitating loss of bone tissue
Today's one of the only recommended treatments has been calcium supplementation
Unfortunately, the only calcium previously available had uncomfortable even unhealthy side effects
And some of those supplements couldn't even be absorbed by the body
Now thankfully there is good news
Now, thankfully there is still to count
Citrical is the first brand of calcium citrate in the United States
We search so that's the kind of calcium expected in a fight against osteoporosis
Not all calcium supplements are alike
Citrical is absorbed over two times better than other calcium supplements
Citrical does not cause stomach upset or bloating
And because citrical has half the size of other calcium products it's very easy to take
Citrical by mission pharmacol
Thankfully it's in very good news for women
You are right on the ball on that one Marvin
Hi Marvin
Many funkists here from hot 105 were sort of continuing our conversations
I think it's amazing to talk to you too about getting up at four in the morning
Too bad, but what is life?
What kind of lifestyle?
No life, you have no life
You know, I could never see doing anything else because it's really it's a
Every day is different you talk to amazing people you mean amazing people
The one thing that really sucks about morning shows is getting up at four ten in the morning
I'm not happy. Let me learn about that. Oh boy. I had two alarms
Going off just in case because I was so paranoid that I wouldn't I wouldn't miss it
I think I was just telling you out in the hallway
Samuel appreciate this but the few mornings of my life that I've overslapped until
530 which is when our show begins at hot 105 you know
Malawa call me and say are you coming in?
And believe me Keith has only happened once
And I'll wake up at 530 and be there you know at 550 because you just throw in anything and get in there
But it's amazing. I feel like a million dollars that day. I mean I'm rested. I look fresh. No bags
No fine lines no creases. I'm ready to go. That's the thing the bags the bags waking up I have more eye cream than
The Chanel cream. I understand that let's take another call here. We got a mobile
We lost him. No, he's back again. Mobile. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. How are you fine?
Okay, I was I was listening all this about this man number thing
Okay, at least I mean you people shit encourage this guy and
You know this guy is not talking with two or three miles or two or three tongue in his mouth
He is saying whatever he believes in and if he is a politician like
Hushfield like Alex Dowd up here
Which are planning not to welcome him. I think that's a good thing because he should not be welcome with by these groups anywhere
Because these people have no characters you can buy them
You know, I tell them. Yeah, you can buy them if you have the right price and you're right money in your pocket and
I think the guy whatever he is he may not you know
Can go with us
But he has to write to talk
But whatever he says like he said it and although he's gonna take a loss of not getting that much money if he
You know get it to himself
So I think a lot of the reason he's coming down here. It is money, but it's not money
So uh this this spirit the spirit of getting people riled up to put down a part time right
That's what if he goes over back you will see
Yitzag Shamed has the same character. He was a terrorist also. He bonds for many hotels and all that
But now he's a leader and he is you know, he's a big thing and
Adaparte is a lead as a terrorist although they look the same and if
Shamed goes in his bathroom takes his clothes out. He will look all I think he will look more terrorists than
Adaparte is
So
You know, it's if you if you read newspaper and you go back
I read behind the lines you see all these people they are the same faces same characters
But different different time they talk different. Well, thank you. Thank you much
That's the terminology is so interesting because uh the Nicaraguan would claim that the contres were terrorists
We claimed their freedom fighters. Mm-hmm say
We all in their own respect. That's it. It's all about opening up a dialogue
And if you if you fight to keep a dialogue close you learn nothing and you become
You become a complete intellectual zero and you live in a very limited blind world
There's one thing. I'll say about the mandela's they tell you where they stand. I mean they didn't come over here and pull any punches
He's rather restrained. I think people were surprised though. I think they were taken by surprise by a lot of his comments
You know why because the news media has played him up as the next that right my
Pacific kind of person and when she when when when mandela came over here and was put on the spot about her political beliefs
And she came out with this revolutionary rhetoric
Uh
It didn't get that much play in this country. So people aren't the I don't think if you if you took a man on the street pole
And ask the question is
Mandela's wife and about an outspoken revolutionary communist
People would like to you and say first of all they'd say who she
Second of all they'd say well, I don't know
So I don't think the American public is really informed and she's really toned down her comments a lot
Any she makes a lot during this whole tour. Let's take another call here from Hollywood. Good morning
Good morning. Good afternoon. How are you doing fine? Yeah, I'd like to talk to you about this mandela coming down here
I'm a ex Vietnam bet
And I don't believe that our government should have walked in with open arms
In front of our congress this morning. I think the man's a terrorist
I think he's going to use the money to go back and destroy the nation. Oh, I I agree with you there
He's definitely going to use the money for for a amount of arms
Absolutely, and I think it's going to cause more bloodshed and more harm
I think our government could have done much more for him rather than paying them 10 million dollars
I agree with you. I absolutely agree with you. I don't know the answer though
I don't really know what the answer is either
But I don't think that as a people we should open our arms to everybody just because we happen to embrace one view that they might hold
You have to look at the whole picture and say hey
You know this man has a good point
But he has several bad points. So what are we going to do? I think again as Stan was just mentioning before we're just now seeing those
Those sort of not I don't want to call them bad points
But getting perspectives that we didn't get before
When he first came over here everything was with hearts and flowers everything was was wonderful
Everything was terrific and the more he spoke the more you listened you you began to to realize there were a couple of
Of tinks in the armor there were a couple of questions that that people it was started to raise
I didn't know that before absolutely. I didn't either. I thought that this man was was a good role model
That's because the media or his people and I think
But did the media know though?
I don't know. I don't really know
You know we turned to the media for information
But so many people didn't really they knew that there was a part-time satathical
They didn't realize what we're going on people don't read inside of the Miami hero
They don't know and they don't care and they don't read the New York Times. Oh, I understand I understand that and I grew within 100 percent
But still the majority that the people in this nation depend upon all the media the radio the TV
But they're movies or whatever magazine and TV guides sir. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. I agree with that
Where we get our education?
As I speak what magazine does Randy heaven front of it? That's right
I don't want it
I think the line of the communication ought to be left of them
But I don't think that when a person's not ahead of state or ahead of a government
I don't think this issue should have been walking the way they have another thing
He deserves the platform. Don't you the you wouldn't shut him up, right? I would know
I would absolutely not shut him up. He's got the right to speak
But I don't think that he should be
be entitled to the same
Privileges or benefits that I had to stay received this man's not ahead of state
I agree with you certainly I heard you commenting earlier that he is certainly not a Martin Luther King
And I agree with that
1000 percent because Martin Luther King would have never agreed with the violence of this man
Again, he's been in a time war for 27 years and if you've been looking out from out from the inside of Bard windows your perspective may be different
Yeah, but we he himself was surprised by the reaction that he's getting. Oh, I don't doubt that I don't doubt that a bit
And I think probably a lot of the reaction is the strictly because he is a black elitir
A black leader who who supports the Dell, Maulmar and the other
Absolutely, and I cannot condone that in any way shape or form regardless of what he condones it for what his beliefs are
Those people are terrorists
They've done a lot of evil things we've done a lot of evil things
But we certainly aren't gonna you know two evils don't make a good
Thanks
You know, Randy what I don't hear anyone talking about it all is there's a whole big flat
We're all talking about no for Mandela. Should we welcome him? Shouldn't we welcome him? What's gonna happen? Once he leaves
What's gonna happen? What's gonna happen nothing nothing at all?
Unless people get involved and that's the fight of the 80s and 90s and not enough people do I agree with him
It doesn't affect you personally. Yeah, therefore you're not gonna do anything about it
I think his trip definitely will present an awareness get people more educated get people more robbed up then maybe
I don't know how to end the part time. I have no idea and I haven't read
Anywhere any anybody's version of how to do it either I don't know
I don't know it's a difficult problem and it's a difficult situation to be in
But I think it again going right back to where I started from I think it's wrong
That our government is acting like they're condoning the police of this guy whether our president gets on there
Says we had a disagreement you had a disagreement
But you had a demand ten million dollars a couple of months ago or a month ago
Yeah, I agree. You know, I mean that's that's my money. That's your money. That's all it taxpayers money
That's not what our country believes in
I mean we keep talking about we don't we we want to fight terrorism around the world and everything else and then we're supporting it
I mean for Christchurch what about the IRA?
Why are we giving those people such a hard time when they come over here to
To try and get funds for their fight. I mean it's the same thing isn't it?
Well, listen sir. I got a break here, but I appreciate your call. Okay. Thank you
129 we're gonna take a break and we're gonna come back with more with Mindy from kids from hot 105
And major and I on new stock radio six ten W I O D
Thanks
Got great. It does get confusing and yes G Michael will be on again tonight. He's on tonight. Oh no
He's not on tonight. That's right baseball tonight Yankees and Brewer at 735
Like Yankees and Brewer's okay
I got it Amber is that of course you can tell that story that you told off the air that's funny you like that story
That's great. We're talking about oh England. Yeah, we're just talking about England
Mindy was telling us that he met some nice people there. I met a fabulous guy over there
Fabulous three fabulous guy and I was saying that I did some work for the BBC at one point in time and it met some fabulous guys over there
But my name in England in New Zealand I found out later when the the white bread or the whip bread race was here
Randy means hornies. Oh my
Couldn't really have a real good conversation or a relationship
You're wondering why people kept laughing at you. Absolutely. Your phone was ringing also. I say hi. I'm Randy and they're off
They were through to see me. I'll tell you so it really didn't work
I'm gonna have to find another country that it really doesn't mean much and they were appalled that my parents would name me that
I love the name Randy for a lady. They were absolutely appalled that someone would name a name a child horny
You know what I'm saying? You're listening to the phone calls
Before I'm so Randy
Fine. Yeah, listen about Nelson Mandela and Wendy Mandela. Mm-hmm. Okay. It's Winnie Mandela. I'm Mindy. She's Winnie. Oh Mindy.
Why is he Mandela? He's Barbie. That's okay. Okay
One thing this might not be very popular to say but I guess part of the reason that he is as popular as he is because
I'm fact that
He was in prisons for what 27 years? 27 years. Right and the fact that he's also blessed
And there's also there's a tremendous amount of guilt here in this country about that. I don't think we feel guilty for that sir
Well, no, no, no, that's specifically dad. I think it there's
You know it's still there, but the thing is say um why him
Well, he pointed out the the chief the Zulu tribe
I'm not gonna try hit pronouncing his name because he's not as visible
Pardon? He's not as visible. He's not as vocal
And he's not in it as international
Well, I guess though, but still that the point is he he heads up to try it as well
I always think he's even though he's not as vocal is just as important. It's not as more important
Absolutely, but he's he's been very low key compared to Nelson Mandela
Let me lady you think that that this country feels guilty. I don't think it's no no. No, not very guilty
I just even slightly
But the bottom line here is that you've got the the African-American population of this country
With a very serious lack of role models
You've got a serious problem with the 18 to 34-year-old black male and if there there is an international figure who has put his life up to a very good cause in a very good reason and something that many people can embrace and
So that's what they're embracing. It's not guilt. They're embracing the ideal what he stood for what he believes in
unfortunately
When he speaks more and more and more of his philosophy that we didn't know about is starting to come out
That's what starting to get people pretty pretty uncomfortable
That's the important thing
Also
There's other things also going on in Africa that are probably just as important I think like like the Civil War in Ethiopia
Then nobody wants to talk about it seems where they use food primarily as weapon that is the government there
And nobody really says much about that at all. At least I haven't heard anything lately on it
But you won't sir
Probably not and you won't
Yeah, it's it's not as uh you see occasional report on
Television yeah, that's it on PBS. Yeah, I mean, they all are that kind of yeah
Then it's see it it goes if
50,000 people had been killed in an earthquake in India it wouldn't have been news in this country
But it happened to happen in Iran
You disagree with you don't lie really disagree with you. What about when the uh
Well gosh union carbine
Explode in how many but that was an American code how many people yeah, but you can't say that was an American comedy which could be good could be sued
It could be the degree of the incident like that earthquake was pretty big and the number of people were killed
But on the other hand it was in Iran and there is that
There's a lot of mixed feelings about that
What it caused us to do is what were some people in our cause to do with Nelson Mandela
There is a definite problem with Iran they embrace political views and have hated the United States for as long as anyone can remember
Yet these people are suffering injury. There's disease. There's pestilence. They had their homeless
You see people to think well, what do I do now? I don't know people
But I don't like what they think so what matters more that they're people or that or that they uh they embrace the iatola
I would imagine that most of those people that weren't in region did not
Subscribe to the iatola sleeves completely like the flag burning the one I think their biggest problem was just it was interraving
But Stan feels very strongly about this
Sure, and thank you for calling just the same like all you know all Iran and don't feel the same way politically because some of them aren't even
Areian I would imagine some of the people in that that part of Iran aren't you know Persian
I think again their biggest concern in life is how do I get set every day and how do I say warm or whatever it is
I camel into the garage. I think most of politics in Iran is based roughly around Iran
Okay, I'll let you guys go. Well, thank you
Thank you for letting us go. Unfortunately, that's right
Government's action a lot of people pay for it
I in this case the Stan wants to drop the bomb, but
Put them out of their misery
But I've wanted to do that for a long time. Okay. Well the nearest quake doesn't really make a difference at this point
I mean wanted to do that forever didn't take a lot of people did also I was in a house when I told a diet
I celebrated I popped a court. Although today they were jumping up and down
I still I still think that what's happened over there though
I mean I feel for those people and perhaps they didn't embrace
By the way you talk about a media
Made personality. How about the Iatola? Mm-hmm well camping out in Paris. Oh, I've nobody ever heard of me before the TV cameras caught him in Paris
And then boy he was subbling all the time
Visible if you if that's the word. I mean his doctor and his still quoted still a major force almost as big as Jessica Han got
Just almost that's scary. Let's check out this mobile here. Hello good afternoon
Hi, Sam and company
question about
Nelson Mandela and rot and
He's the
Nelson Mandela and rock
among the rock musicians and
And the guy coming from that I don't know it just
Hello, I just wonder what you've put in that connection about Nelson Mandela and rock. It's Nelson's new group that he's
Redezing it's Nelson and Winnie. Yes, goodbye sir. We're not quite sure if you're listening either. Oh, let's go to Cooper City
Hello, are you there? Hello? Hello? I'm home of company. Oh my
They're all calling up they sure are a Paul call Paul. How do you feel about Mandela? How do you feel about anything Paul?
At 610 W I O D we're gonna take a break and we'll be back more with Mindy from hot 105
What are we gonna do tomorrow by the way? I don't know. What do you think? Let's show up and see what happens? Okay
You don't be plans yet. I can always take a poll on the Mandela's what whether or not
Like a girl they're gonna make a difference here
I don't know. I think that we should try to find a Nelson Mandela satin jacket. Yeah, that would be great
That would be that would be nice for 50 bucks. You can get your all your Mandela paraphernalia
Sorry, you know, I can get all of that buttons. What have you?
Let's see. Let's take a line here mobile. Hey, how you doing Randy? Fine. How are you?
I'm gonna extend how you okay listen. I have a opposing point of view. I disagree that they I think they should have a part type
I think that the reason that I disagree with that is because most of the people there are very animalistic and
very
Underdeveloped and I really think if you got your sheets on sir
No, I'm not even burning your costs. I just want to give you an opposing view. Uh-huh
Okay, and I really think that if the white people are so outnumbered
Same way as the Jewish people that they would be
destroyed by the blacks who can't even get along with themselves there
And you know what one of the major problems that they have over in South Africa is the fighting and the conflict within the tribes themselves
Sounds like Israel
No, it's not like that. No, no, I'm not saying that at all. I'm not saying that I don't know. I'm not saying that.
The big white minority in the government has to make some changes
Because right now the world is focused on their situation.
The question is if they start to elect or to appoint black officials to the government.
Pretty soon they'll be elected out.
That's right.
The white minority will be done.
That's my point.
And then therefore they will be at the mercy of all the blacks.
And I'm not saying it because they're black.
Let's say they were Indians or Chinese.
Whatever.
You cannot ignore the majority in a country.
You cannot ignore the majority.
Even though they're very undervalued and animalistic and that they would probably destroy all the white.
No education is a big key here.
I understand your point.
But you cannot, especially now, they cannot ignore the minority when there is such a world focus on them at this point in time.
I just really feel that, you know, just like it's been said many times
that when you have a small group of people that are in power and you have a large group that aren't,
you have to make some concessions but if they're not ready mentally or in any other way or they're going to be violent.
Well, I haven't heard this in George Walton.
It sounds like you think that they're doing it for the good of the blacks out Africans.
So they're suppressed.
Are you going to keep them suppressed?
I mean that's ridiculous.
I'm not going to be a press secretary.
You're educated and roll up.
You need to educate people over the world.
How can they govern a country without education?
I don't know the situation over there.
He doesn't like me, he hung up.
Well, we don't like you either but we won't hang up on you.
I like to stand.
I've never mentioned having formed that opinion yet.
Well, he's got an interesting point there and you're going to give him credit again.
He's got the right to voice his opinion.
But the government there is not, they don't have the policy of apartheid for the good of the people because they're not ready.
Doesn't that sound nice?
You know, I'm not going to make you move out into your own apartment, Randy, until you're ready.
Well, geez.
We're not going to point you to the council until you're a better educated.
That's right.
It's definitely for selfish, cruel reasons.
They have treated the blacks so de-plorably in South Africa.
But now it has to change and the question is how.
How do they change it without more bloodshed?
I mean Nelson Mandela is not a nonviolent man.
How do they change it without really wanting to?
They don't want to at all but they have to.
So they better start getting used to the idea because the world is changing in the past year with the Berlin Wall checkpoint.
Charlie, things are happening.
What do you think they're good at about the world's change?
Exactly right.
And again, world's focus is on them.
So what do you do?
I have no idea how to change it.
Because I'm not bothered.
We just talk about the value of the idea.
But something has to be done here.
Let's take another call from Miami.
Good afternoon folks. How are you?
Fine, how are you?
Good.
I'm still trying to get over the mental picture of your talk, Samir naked.
You can't get this.
Oh my god.
What's your way through it?
So what's your way through it?
I'm better than golden my ear next.
Oh god.
I'm constantly amazed and baffled by how an informed people are.
Nelson Mandela and the ANC have always professed to be of socialist leadings for lack of a better world.
I don't like to put terms on anybody calming the socialists, whatever.
I've always advocated the overthrow of the government in Pretoria by force if necessary.
Mandela, when he was released, made speeches that effect.
Why then the reaction?
Why then the...
Because people, it's politically correct to feel that way now.
See this whole thing by the politicians, by these local mayors and other politicians who are up in arms about this, elections are coming up in November.
These people are seizing on an issue that's going to be applied for.
I think the public wants them to react to this.
Of course, of course they don't kill.
Morals have never stood in the way of getting people's votes in this country, especially.
And I agree with Stan 100 percent on that.
I mean these guys will do anything and they will sell anybody out for a vote.
Our country has wanked civil rights abuses around the world forever.
And whenever it was in their best interest, what are it be it politically or monetarily to do so?
But let me ask you a question.
If he had not stuck his foot in his mouth and made this statement about the PLO, FITO, Castro, etc.
Would we still be hearing the kind of calls we're getting?
Would there still be the concern about the violence?
Probably not.
No, not at all.
Probably not.
Probably not.
For people...
And also these politicians would have missed a good opportunity to see something without an on issue.
And then you have all these people who are professing such great concern, perhaps the demagogues or what have you.
I may be using that word incorrectly.
You have all the people who are all of a sudden concerned now that Mandela is coming to Miami.
Maki Mandela was here several months ago.
I went to see her at Miami, did North.
How many of these callers did?
How many people are concerned enough about what's going on in the world that they have an opportunity to see?
The daughter of a major leader who lived there knows what's going on, his experience that herself.
To see her, I would say why she's there.
Why should I understand?
A lot of people don't vote.
Oh, absolutely.
People in politicians in particular are concerned with their own agendas and really have...
So you think Suarez would have showed up to bask in the limelight?
Oh, absolutely.
Had it been politically correct.
He had not added to Del Castro.
Had it been politically correct to do so, he would have been right there with bells and keys and...
And the key has not been molded.
Every other thing that he could get is grubby little paws on.
Whatever it's going to take to get his constituency out to the voting booths.
That's really where the bottom line lies.
Wouldn't it be interesting to find out whether our new Hispanic Congresswoman attended the speech this morning?
I'm sure she did.
Oh boy.
I assume you folks read Robert Steinbeck's column in the hairless.
Fabulous.
I brought it with me.
Thank you guys for coming.
There's some other good things in the viewpoint section about this whole business.
I know.
Okay, great.
We'll have to see tomorrow if she did or not attend.
A lot of people boy-cotted that.
A lot of politicians did boy-cut that.
And they were vocal.
In fact, I can't remember.
I can't hear her.
Donner, somebody from California was the one who ever used to think of him.
Didn't hear any voice bit on her.
But he was an idiot.
See, there's so many minutes.
No, there's so many members.
This is a great thing.
I used to, when I was in Germany and in the army, we still used to read Eomasco because it had good music.
And I was always amazed that they were able to take voice cuts out of United States Congress people who were serving.
And use it to their particular, to make a point with regard to Russia, with their politics.
And I had a discussion with that about a couple of friends and they were smarter than I was at the time.
They said, look, there's 400 and some members.
And out of them, you're going to get all kinds of people.
So this guy that they used the sound bites on yesterday who was saying that it was, you know, he was using very strong language.
You know, okay, you're not going to attend the speech.
You don't think Mandela should have been given the invitation of the first place fine.
You catch the language a little diplomatically and you come out smelling my caros.
This guy comes out smelling like an idiot.
You know, hot 105 is broadcasting the speech live.
That's incredible.
That's the pretty bold stuff.
Did I usually make that decision?
He was part of it.
I don't know actually who made the decision, but certainly, you know, Keith is our program director.
I'm really amazed that they're going to do that.
We know that the TV stations will be broadcasting his whole visit.
So forget your soap operatives.
And the protests outside.
It is absolutely a world event, whether you like it or you don't.
And it's important.
And if people want to be informed and want to know what's going on and want to know what he's going to say,
then you listen to the speech or you go to it or you read it.
Well, you can't go to it. It's closed.
Right. Right. You hear it.
Again, we were talking before.
Miami is the only leg of the trip.
It's the shortest leg of the trip.
And it's also the one where he is not reaching any people other than the ones in their convention.
There is no open forum for him to address a crowd of people.
And we had a couple of callers this morning that we're going to make it a point
to see if they could catch a glimpse of him or where somehow be close to where he is.
Well, there's this rally afterwards at Gwenshary Park.
And I hadn't heard at the station before I left whether or not he was actually going to make it appear in Theranapica
because it's got a very tight schedule, isn't that?
But I think that's one of the only ways people can see him unless they seem coming in.
I don't think he'll be there.
I saw his schedule.
I was listed in the paper and he's making the speech and then like out to the airport and into Detroit tomorrow night.
Is he actually he's over nighting at Atlanta and then he's coming down here and then boom right off.
That's what I think.
We're going to take a break here and we'll be back on Newstalk Radio 610 W I O D.
Now you didn't need a donut this morning.
No, I didn't.
You realize that?
Well, is there one left?
Break self-restraint.
Three.
Well, then I'll eat all three.
No, maybe not.
Well, I'll pass.
We're going to let it eat all three and knock it down.
Donuts are the worst thing.
Dance contributions of the show was that was donuts.
They're so good.
When you don't the morning shift, donuts are the worst possible.
Donuts and coffees to kill me when I did morning shift.
I can't take heartburns.
I don't drink coffee.
I can't drink coffee.
I love donuts.
I love everything that's bad for you.
Just name it and I like it.
It's almost we're almost closing up the one to two hour here.
I'll take a couple of more calls and then we're history.
Hey, Manny, I met you once.
You did?
Yeah, you've been old Lynn Friedman?
Sure.
Yeah, I met you over at where she works one time.
Oh, okay.
Annie, you sound just as good as you look.
Oh, well, thank you, sir.
Hey, Stan.
What?
Did he sound just as good as you look, sir?
Hey, Stan, it's pretty hard for you to get a word in it.
Why is there with those two Jewish ladies, right?
That's fine.
There are a few of them.
We have such a bad reputation.
Let's call it two live Jews.
Oh, and hey.
Hey.
Hey, no, just a little joke.
Yeah, pretty little, sir.
You know that guy that called in about the rockers and Mandela, and you cut him off?
He was talking about Van Zand and that whole son city thing.
Oh, okay.
Well, I guess I have to play in all that drivel you play.
You forgot about real rocker role, am I, Mendy?
Well, well, we have to play in the car.
At least he did it for light, Lou.
He tried.
He tried.
And on that note, we've got Shane Thomas on the news coming up.
We're going to say goodbye and see you again tomorrow.
Don't forget tonight the Yankees versus the Brewer's at 735.
And right after the news, Rick and Sud.
A new stock radio 610-
We're going to show you all that.
