Who is the best?
It stands just if I you're the one left!!
And I see you when you know I'm falling
I never fall in line with you
Covered with wine and you're depressed.
Why am I in love with you?
In love with you.
What's that?
How are you talking about?
1027 at WIOD.
And I see all those mobiles that you've been putting on here.
I'm not going to fall into that trap.
I'm going to say what I have to say and what I'm going to.
I mean, not slanting lady was different because she's, you know, a person, as opposed
to some of these other people are just going to go, you know, for like 40 times.
See that, and that just, you really have to wonder.
Not just him, but he's one of the worst, but they're like a whole bunch of people out
there.
I was listening yesterday afternoon.
Here are people making barn yards.
Some, you know, and some of that is funny, okay?
But it gets to the point where you got little pinheads who haven't got an original idea
in their mind.
And so they hear you do something.
They start like feeding it back to, you know, like, um, ah, geez.
We got the thing turned the wrong way.
It's just like an echo chamber.
For example, they do, and you like that.
And it's just like a whole day of that.
I'm just not interested, okay?
Even my dogs are embarrassed by that.
So I think that somewhere along the line, there has to be like I said, a happy meeting.
I can remember when I went to a date times on I and Z, uh, I did a couple of months.
We had a four share with the old boring crap.
Okay?
Not bad.
Not great demographics, but that was on a stage they used to do ones and twos in midday
with no spots.
Then in a second book and a winner book, long before there was any birdie by the way,
Melvin, I just mentioned that in passing.
We had a seven.
And that's when all the hell and they'll stuff started.
And I eliminated all the guests.
And we weren't doing, um, that, and we weren't trying to be, you know, as grotesques we could be.
Or, but the bottom line was we were having a good time.
We're doing a lighter show and have a good time.
I'm talking to people over the age of 10 and it worked great.
But that's where the happy medium lies.
Not going back to doing Jason Polis and Reverend the Pope excreme in yelling about, you know,
his God homosexual and this Madeleine or here at douche bag.
That's I don't think I could ever go back to doing that.
I, I maybe I, for survival, I might, but I don't think I could handle it because I've done it so many times before.
And, you know, one good thing.
I mean, if you can only do one thing, then you're in trouble.
Okay.
Like more downy.
He tried that other stupid shows that's still on anymore by the way on that NBC thing.
It is nobody knows about it.
It's the best nobody talks about it because basically that's his stick now.
He's like going on and chance mokin cigarettes on a year and being a slime ball.
And it ran its course and he was hot as a pistol and made billions of dollars in it.
Like bingo like overnight.
It died.
So when you're one dimensional and you got a problem, luckily there are other things I can do.
I can't remember what the other ones are, but I'm working on it.
But, seriously, like Joey is a good example.
Okay.
Joey is a dish jockey who's trying to be a talk show host.
He's not cutting it.
I mean, this station's got a one nine on the weekend.
You know what kind of a number that is on the weekend.
Big, major market, huge, enormous, Cox broad casting, WIOD.
And, you know, and everybody's going to sit back, well, I wonder dolphins come back and,
well, that's the problem.
That's always been the problem.
The dolphins only play for a few months out of the year.
And those dolphin listeners, man, I mean, God bless them.
You know, we love the money and all of that, but they're sure gone like a flash once football seasons over.
You can see it right here in the trends.
They're gone, man.
They disappear like like the invisible man like Ray Meland.
So you have to have something more than that.
I don't know.
I'm just rambling on because I'm picking out loud like I said, but I can assure you that I'm not going to listen to you.
40 times a day and expect mature thinking people.
I mean, you see, you can still, this may come as a shock, but you can have a brain in your head and still have a great sense of humor.
You don't have to be some kind of a mindless pinhead to have a sense of humor or think that something is fun.
You know, I mean, I think that's funny, but I'm not some kind of a mindless moron.
And that's the problem.
Putt load.
Let's see, we got a mobile.
Are they still there?
Hello.
No, you're still there.
Yes.
Boy, these people are spending the money like crazy.
I should get a cut.
Yes.
You talk about the ratings.
How do you hear who listens to what anyway?
They take it out of a hat.
Mobile and what is this Miami?
Hello.
Yeah, I just want to tell you I've been listening to you for many years and I you sound fantastic today.
I hope you're moving in the direction that you sound like you are.
Yeah, I want to go back to being an adult and stop.
You know, I'm not that I've been trying to be anything else, but I'm being perceived as something by a certain element of listeners.
And they basically take it over the show and it's going into crap.
And I'm not going to let that happen.
I mean, there are a lot of people who just sit back until they've drowned.
You know, and I'm not going to wait that long.
I've been waiting for the day for that.
And I knew you were going to come around to it.
You sound fantastic today.
Thank you.
Keep it up.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
Now see, there's a guy down the old guy.
I mean, I don't want to talk.
Hello.
Yeah, I don't want to go back to that because everything that I've said about these senior citizens population in this community is true.
About 70% of them are disgusting, hateful, miserable, rotten, horrendous, nasty, vicious, filthy bastards.
There's about maybe 30.
I'll be generous.
30, 40% who are nice people who still have a sense of humor who are the hateful, who are bigoted,
who don't want to share their misery with everybody else.
But about 60, 70% are the other kind.
Hello.
Neil, you're such a bastard.
You're that crap.
You know, I don't want to go back to talking to them.
I don't think anybody in their right mind would want to do that unless you're locked in a straight check and you don't have a choice.
But there's a happy medium somewhere in between like Mickey Dane.
She's not a work.
Maybe we'll bring her back color the happy medium.
Who's with the B?
Oh, what's in your hair?
Is it a bonnet?
Is it a douchebag?
What is it?
What's in your hair?
Oh, man.
I can do a monologue four hours on what this market has been.
It is so it's frustrating.
It really is.
And I've never been able to get that out of my system.
And like the other day, I don't expect a lot from people.
I don't think I have unrealistic expectations.
And like the people in my publics went out of the way.
They didn't have to do that to give me that diet right.
So did the flavors they had to chip in from Fort Pierce or somewhere.
And they said to decide for me because they know I'm a special diet.
That was nice.
And there are a lot of nice people.
When we do the remotes, my God, it's amazing how many nice people show up.
And they bring your presence in there and they're friendly and they're nice.
And they're legitimately nice people.
But this town has got so many not so nice people.
I'll give you a perfect example.
I as you know, well, some of you must know.
I mean, I had a stroke and I'm on it and take medication for my blood pressure, my diabetes and so on.
And so I spent a lot of money on prescription drugs.
And I have been going for about the last.
Now it's got to be two years now to the same pharmacy.
I'm not going to say which one, the same drug store.
And I get my prescriptions refilled there.
Now the pharmacist who is there like 90% of the time, like a couple of months ago.
He said to me, do you work at WIOD and I said, yeah, he was looking at the thing on the computer.
And maybe the information said, I don't know, maybe I filled it out one time.
And he said, and I said, yeah, I said, but not under this name because obviously my prescriptions are under my real name, be helper.
And he said, well, what do you do there?
I said, well, I'm the O'Rodgers.
You see, I thought I recognized your face.
And ever since then, when I go in there, he looks at me with a blank look.
And again, I'm not expecting him to give me a discount.
I mean, God forbid, I mean, there's no way he can do that or any special treatment.
But it's just the idea that I spend a lot of money there.
So even if I was just Mr. Smith from up the street and I was a regular customer, you'd expect he'd say,
Hi, Mr. Smith, how you doing?
People here don't do that.
One of my neighbors, no matter how many times I move, people in my neighborhood, 99% of them are wonderful.
You drive by, they wave, they smile, they're friendly, they're happy because we're like in paradise.
But one of my neighbors, I'm not going to say which one, is the grumpyest and not an old guy, a young guy.
And I'll see him and I'll say, hey, how you doing it?
Like he's constipated or something.
And it's just part of the syndrome in his town.
And it's depressing, right Spencer?
Oh, man, you're right Spencer, as long as you get that 10 bucks right?
Spencer, long me $50. Come on.
Now, look at that, he's reaching in his pocket.
You would do it, wouldn't you Spencer? You never see my ass again, I'll tell you that.
Yeah, well, that's easy for you to say.
Thank you Spencer, you a good job.
You know, I'm going on vacation, I won't see you for a couple of weeks.
What am I leaving Friday?
And I'm leaving on the fourth.
And you're leaving on the fourth. So I won't see you for a long time.
I will have a good time Spencer, you're a wonderful gentleman.
Don't shake my hand so hard.
I haven't been well.
Okay, 1036 at WIOD, let's do a little break.
I feel like Bob Lanceter here today with a really depressing monologue.
But it's good to get out of your system. It's like taking a gigantic animal.
Let's do a little break here. We'll be right back.
A couple of other interesting things I heard yesterday.
First of all, there was another caller talking to Rick and us slut.
And he was talking about something about the callers, the nutty callers.
And they were talking back and forth. He said, yeah, well, you know, of course,
without them, Neil wouldn't have a show. And I thought, well, that is sad.
That's sad.
It's like, it takes me back to the days of the lightning round.
Now, the lightning round was fun.
It's something that I just, it happened that evolved and developed.
And it was fun for a few weeks.
And I went on vacation, and I want to blame somebody who's not here to defend himself.
Now, namely the bird because he's got a lot of fans in this building.
But I came back from vacation and he had allowed it to get to the pinnage that had taken it over.
And it turned into like a pornographic 15 minutes.
And it was out of control.
And you couldn't control it anymore. So we killed it.
You know, and that's what I all speaking of the bird.
Look at that facts. Look at that.
I can't believe it. Wait till you see this. It's a picture of the bird with a cub's cap
and a cub's emblem on his sleeve.
Look at that.
Maybe he could pitch tonight.
That is beautiful.
Anyway, and then the other thing I heard was a young Cuban caller who said that his father had gotten a diary from Arbatron a couple of weeks ago.
And he filled it out and put down all these Cuban stations, these Spanish language like Corradiomambi and Cubiates.
And he never listens to the radio.
And see, that's another problem that we have in this market probably more than any market in the country.
Because we still have this enormous number of people who think they're like on leave and are just waiting to go back home.
And so their loyalty is still directed in that anti-casture hysterical, a communist, a communist thing.
And you got to understand that the ratings for this market are not just for Dave County or Miami.
It's Miami Fort Lauderdale and Hollywood.
It's all of Dave and all of Broward County that's over 3 million people.
And when Radio Mambi can be the number one station in this market, it has to tell you that there is something very, very wrong going on in this market.
There's a lot of bogus diary filling out that is taking place.
And you can't fight it.
You just can't. There's no way to combat it because it's a fervor.
It's an obsession, the likes of which you're never going to encounter anything else.
And it's like, hey, this is my loyalty and I'm voting.
It's like casting vote.
And one thing I was curious about, that young guy who called him, how come he didn't also fill out a diary?
Because there was no indication. I could have been misreading him.
But from what I gathered from the call, there was nothing to indicate that he ever got one.
So maybe Daddy also filled that one in for him and put down Radio Mambi or QBA or I would see whatever it was.
Because every family that gets called by Arbitron, every member of the household gets a diary.
So that gives you an idea of what English language, especially AM radio stations are up against in this market.
That's not an excuse, but I'm just adding that component into the delima.
Carl Springs.
Hello.
Hi. How are you doing?
Great.
Well, I've been listening to you for ten years.
And I'm really glad you had to say this morning because I was getting like a little bored with douchebag.
Oh, now little bored.
Well, more than a little bored.
You know, what's happening is that at least on the phone, I'm not so sure about the listening audience,
but at least on the phone and that's what the listeners hear.
We've been dealing for the last few months now with people who have such a limited repertoire that basically that's all they can do.
And they might try to say something else just as kind of a leading because they're so embarrassed that that's really the only purpose they called.
And then after about 15 seconds about, can I call a Joey a douchebag?
And that's their whole act. That's all they've got. They have nothing to say.
I know. It's kind of like they really don't call up to say anything.
Right. And I'll be honest with you.
I wouldn't listen to that either. I really wouldn't.
Yeah. I think that there's a temporary, a middle ground that you can get to that would be fine.
You don't have to have Reverend Emma and her any of these kinds of people, but I think you do a lot better and it'd be more interesting listening.
Yeah. For my personal point of view, like I said, I'm...
The thing about the guest is tough in this market. I've always said that because there's such a limited number of interesting people in this town.
And that's why like this morning, I'm flipping around on the dial and Al had on Dr. Jan Bellow's the veterinarian again.
Oh, no. Dr. Bellow's... He may be a wonderful veterinarian, a wonderful guy, but he has hoarded the airwaves in this town for so many years.
He's been on every show 10,000 times. I know. And that just ain't going to happen on this show.
No. Well, I'm really glad here. And I think you'll do better because I think you'll get back a lot of listeners.
Yeah. A lot of people will have an IQ of over three.
Yeah. And better colors also.
Yeah. Okay. We'll have a good time on your vacation.
Thanks. Bye. Bye-bye.
Oh, isn't that interesting? Now, see, I should have asked her.
But I bet you she hasn't called this show in a long time because I don't recognize her voice.
She's been listening for a long time. And that says something. It says something right there.
Because all of a sudden, just like the not-slanding lady called today, I'm not saying I'm going to talk to all women or all people who sound like pseudo-intellectuals, but God, there's got to be something better in this market than...
That's bad.
Exactly. I could have said it better myself.
Lantana. Yeah, it's just going to save like the not-slanding lady. She's like pleasant to talk to, you know?
Exactly.
Where the chronic collars with nothing to say sort of killed a shell.
And I feel that maybe the way that they rate your performance by these arbitrage ratings is kind of a unsophisticated way of doing it.
Well, that's what we have to live by. You know, you can't make excuses forever.
I mean, if it's just one trend or one book that's something, but you've got to be a dummy if it goes on for months and months and months and you're going in one direction, you've got to be pretty stupid not to understand if there's a problem there.
And then of course, there's like a fallout that takes over the whole station.
Yeah, but now they rate your job according to these rates.
No, they don't rate my job. I'm going to be here a long time.
No, they don't rate my job.
Okay, but you know, it's a rate.
I mean, I don't care how much you get paid and I make a lot of money, but if you're not enjoying what you're doing, it's a hassle.
Yeah, but say your ratings fall after your contract is up, then they won't renew your contract, right?
As far as, you know, I'm not one of those paranoid people who worries about getting a job.
Okay, I haven't been out of a job in a very long time.
Right.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay, well, you have a good vacation.
Let's get talking to you.
Thanks.
1046 at WIOD.
And as I said before, because I know they're listening and Ricken puts your great guys and I don't want you to change anything and play all the cards you want to have a great time and an afternoon drive, what you're doing is great.
You're going to have a giant number. I really believe that.
But I just personally need to move a little bit into a more adult direction.
Okay, because I can't deal with 24 hours a day.
Kendall.
Good morning, Neil. How are you?
Okay.
Hope you have a nice vacation.
As soon as you get off, you can relax a little bit and enjoy yourself.
Yeah. Yeah, I feel great.
I just want to make a comment about what's going on.
It's pick and span.
They were doing something the other day about blocking out certain phone numbers that people can't call in.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, is that a policy of the station or is that just their policy?
Well, I don't know what you're talking about.
I know we have called blocking and all that other stuff here.
I'll be very honest. It's very ineffective because people that really want to go to great lengths to crank the show.
They'll call from a mobile phone which you can't block or they'll go someplace.
I mean, you know, they're always going to be half a dozen more on Zot there who are going to do that.
I don't know in the content. I didn't hear that part of the show.
Yeah, some guy tried to call him and he had to go next door to call him because his phone,
the operator wouldn't let that call go through to WIOD or something like that.
I just felt that that was the type of situation that number one,
I feel that they can't deal with certain individual on that program,
can't deal with the callers that are either...
You know, they're...
But now you see now you want to start taking shots at them and I don't want to do that.
No, it's not a shot.
I think you're good guys.
Well, I will grant you that Rick is an emotional guy.
He denies it but he's a very explosive, emotional person.
And I don't know, I have an owner in that long,
so I don't know how much is for real and how much is put on.
But I think that he can...
If you look at him cross-eyed, you could set him off easily.
Which isn't all bad, but I mean that's just his personality.
Well, you know, I've always listened to WIOD and even though a lot of people don't like Steve Kane,
there's a couple of programs he did that were really...
Well, I'm going to say it again.
I do not like Steve, I don't hate him, but I mean he's just a hard guy to like.
When we work together here, I tried to like him.
And we got along okay, but he's just a hard guy to like,
because he's so full of himself and so full of ego.
But nonetheless, you know, the proof is into putting in.
We had a winning combination here and things were going great.
And now it's been all topsy-turvy and it's like starting all over again.
And I'm sure they're going to do fine in the afternoon.
I'm not suggesting for a minute that Steve's coming back here because he's not.
But I'm just not going to get caught up in the assess pool.
I'm not going to go down the tubes with the 12-year-old douchebags.
Well, I just feel like Rick can lighten up a little bit, deal with the callers 101.
Well, but tell him that though, don't tell me that, tell him that.
Yeah, but you can't tell him that because he won't take it.
He'll like fall off the couch or something.
Well, then, but so why is your telling me that going to affect him?
Well, hopefully he's listening and he won't want to go on.
I know he's listening, but I don't, but he, all, now you're giving him an hour of materials.
So now, he'll have to thank you, which is probably good.
Okay, have a good day.
Okay. 10.49.
I'll be honest with you.
Okay, and that guy was a little, you know, he was okay.
He had a point in these entitlets of America.
But even these people we talked to so far, this is like a breath of fresh air.
And just as I said, that Meg came in.
Oh, geez.
Shameless, self-promoting.
I don't understand how you have time to be here quite frankly.
With an agenda like that, I have no idea how you've got the spirit time to be in the building.
Anyway, if you don't have time to run out for lunch, if you'd like to have a delicious Chinese meal delivered right to your door to your home or orifice in the Dade County,
I'll tell you what, Tom Jic is here just briefly on his way over to interview Penny Daniels.
Now, who are you going to go see?
I'm going to see the headman.
As a matter of fact, really, the headman.
Yeah, unbelievable.
Right.
The head of the head drinker.
And what is he going to tell you?
I don't know.
That's why I'm going over to talk.
Just see what's going on.
So much been going on about the yellow journalism and how they just flage you.
Lathe news and get the public crazy and the transition lines.
I think there's going to be a toning down there too.
That's what I'm sensing.
That's one of the reasons I'm doing this.
I'm going to get some of Sally's batteries away.
I don't know if that's true.
I'm not going to get into that.
No, I still got to go over there.
I know.
Well, it's good to see you, Tom.
Tom Jic, of course, is a racon tour.
You don't have the trends yet?
No, I didn't see that.
Well, we're not going to give him any of this time.
Cut.
When I didn't get him, I figured that was...
Of course, he built Tanner.
By the way, that's another shameless slime ball.
He called me yesterday.
The numbers came out yesterday.
And he was on a hotline at 1040.
The numbers came in at 1030.
And we were having trouble with our machine as usual.
I knew as soon as I saw his name was on a thing that I went down and they went up.
That's the only time he will call me is when they have a good trend and we go into crapper.
Well, those trends are so dicey anyway.
It's where the books fall and you don't know how many books were out.
And some of them sound like Boy Geary now.
Well, that's a part of it.
Now you're right.
That's a part of it.
But you have to be able to read the handwriting on the wall.
Well, I mean, one of the things every time you talk about the trends, people call me up and say,
well, how come you're not of the ratings?
You always have the ratings.
These are not the ratings.
These are the trends.
And one of the reasons I don't report on them is because I really don't think that that meaningful
until you get the whole three month book.
Yeah.
And that's why they call them trends in that books.
I'm just trying to make you feel better when you're on the case.
No, I don't feel better at all.
No, I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not a contra.
I'm going to be here a long time.
But I just wanted to, when you're not enjoying it anymore, you have to realize that there's a reason.
And when you're talking to like 60 people who are making barnyard sounds, it's not fun.
I mean, I guess if I was 12 years old, I'd be happy as a pig and slop, okay?
But that's not where I'm coming from.
Yeah, the guy who calls every 15 minutes, I feel like a host.
Yeah.
Well, he's one of them.
I mean, there are others, but he's, you know, stands out like a tool.
I didn't know whether he was doing a horse or cousin Bruce.
He's doing Johnny Dark, combination Johnny Dark and cousin Bruce.
Is that a better wig?
Yeah.
Well, I mean, I don't want to say these are not happy days at the FUI.
Well, you've said it before.
That kind of a bit of circulation.
Yeah, it was good.
It was true.
Well, that's kind of why I said it.
I mean, things weren't going well.
I don't think there's anything here.
But you know, this log still looks pretty full here.
Yeah, it does.
And I see the thunder and all the lines are lit.
Well, that's all accounts.
Yeah.
Well, it certainly allows you to be friends.
I had all my friends next door at Channel 7 because I was talking before too about the fact that this is not the friendliest town in the world.
Yeah.
And then no matter where you move, you always find like one or two grumpy neighbors.
And over there next door, that's going to be one of the unfriendliest places at Channel 7.
Since I've been talking about that on the air, there are a couple of people that are like way like sheepishly, but they're in a world of their own most TV people.
I think a lot of them probably aren't even aware of who you are or what you are.
I mean, how many of them really know you?
How many of them do you realize?
How many of them would you really recognize?
No, but when you see that kind of a line of them.
Listen, that's not the point.
There are people in this building.
I don't know who they are or what they do.
But I see them every day.
I say, hey, guy, you're doing our...
Just because you see somebody, it's just common exactly.
There's our guidebook for a WIOD.
It's a who's in charge.
Yeah.
We're in areas taking that home to read it and see if he can find an answer because he's got a lot of questions too.
But we'll be all right.
Yeah, well, that's why I'm here.
I was talking to an airy too.
I'm going to be doing something on his out of the nursery coming out.
Was he depressed?
No, he's in a good mood.
Is he?
Yeah, why shouldn't he be?
I mean, he's a little bit...
He was smart.
He signed for three more years while, you know, he was drinking.
Yeah, while he was good.
He's held up well over the year.
He'll be all right.
Tom, it's wonderful.
It's wonderful seeing your smiling face.
I'm leaving on Friday and I'll be thinking a lot about this place.
Well, I passed one.
I guess I'm heading out to LA in two weeks.
So I probably won't see it for a while.
And then when I get back, I'm going on my usual Saratoga joint.
So I guess I won't see it till the fall.
Enjoy your day.
To the fall?
It might be.
Oh, come on.
I'm serious.
Well, you'll be back the first week in July, right?
Yeah.
I'll be gone by then.
I'm not getting back until the end of July.
And then I'll be back for only about a week and a half.
And then I'm going up to...
Up, north again.
On vacation, that time.
First time's work, second time.
What a rough life, my dad.
Yeah, it's going to the Saratoga.
That's a rough life.
Well, that's my vacation.
I understand.
I understand.
I used to have a rough time.
He went to Hank.
Won't go anybody but the buckoes.
That's my new expression.
Now, even the meds are going to be like...
Hey, man, how did I turn around?
Yeah, well, you know, I...
Yesterday, I took back everything I've said, because we're getting some of these smart-ass pirate fans calling in their worst than even the worst of the med fans.
And they'd like, hey, it's wrapped up, man.
It's all over there.
I got none.
I got news for them.
We already went to the halfway point.
They're folding like an accordion right now.
And we don't see Chuck Meyer in the building.
They will understand that the ghost of Geno Somoli came back to life.
Well, once the meds start hitting, I mean, with that pitching they've got, as long as they start hitting it now, they're going to kill the meds.
Yeah, well, I think you had the right an hour to say that.
Don't start counting your leg notes.
I'll be jumping.
Yeah, it's okay.
I mean, the clubs are not going to do it, because we're too far back.
Oh, and they're digits.
They're just devastated by danger.
Yeah, no pitching staff.
But you've got Montreal, which I'll be on in a minute.
They don't have the talent.
How much talent does it take to...
They got a bunch of people playing over the head.
Montreal, even the Phillies, which they're pitching shaky and Pittsburgh, and whom I leave the end of the meds.
You have four teams that have all got a shot.
Anybody but the clubs and the Cardinals.
I just...
The pirates are playing well.
They have a good everyday lineup.
I don't know if the pitching go all the way.
But I can't imagine anyone else but the pirates finishing ahead of the meds.
Just on sheer talent.
I mean, the exposer, two young, they just lost that guy.
He's going to be rookie of the year.
He's going to be after about six weeks, I think.
And the Phillies are just a bad club playing over their head.
Lenny Daixler, who won the pit and under 300 before the season's over.
He was over four again last year.
Like I said, go anybody but the buckos and the best.
And that's right.
Okay, we'll let this see it.
Enjoy your vacation.
Okay, you know.
Enjoy your present for my historical life.
Yeah, I'll work on it.
Okay.
Okay, say hi to Penny too when you go by.
She's a big fan of mine.
Okay, there he goes.
Tom Jicke, the radio TV guy from the Sun Sentinel.
And I actually got my newspaper this morning without any water in it, which was nice.
Anyway, Henry Barrow, what was that?
What are you clapping about for Tom?
What does that mean?
When you get out of here, you're just such a mindless slime ball.
Henry Barrow's got the 11 o'clock...
They were enslaved in Egypt, massacred in Germany, and made fun of in Miami.
Now, they're here live for one night only.
Two live Jews.
Oi, oi, oi.
We were posting up some bagels just as peaceful as you please.
When in washer of Gervel said, hey, you, we bad grisees.
They dragged us full the way.
They thought of the besiege that he were you two Jews are going.
There'll be plenty of locks.
Two live Jews.
Catch the tour before they get caught.
Two live Jews.
Tickets available at all Delhi counters and how tick-ba-master locations.
Another concertation camp production.
You know, the amazing part of this, we can't scroll out of this town,
which ties right in with what I'm talking about today with all these mindless pinheads,
is that you can practically hear the boots marching outside your door.
And if you have the audacity to go on here and say anything about it,
you can all these jackass is calling it, oh gee, you're taking away from my playtime.
You know, like little kids in a sandbox.
It's embarrassing, isn't it?
It's pathetic.
W-Y-O-D.
Like I said,
1107 at W-Y-O-D, we have an open line.
It's in Broward, 524-9463-524-W-Y-O-D.
Boka.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
It sounds like I'm a little bit in the dark.
It sounds like you made some sort of announcement this morning about a format change or something like that.
Well, yeah, I can't keep repeating this throughout the entire show.
I know not everybody too.
Yeah, no, not clock.
Yeah.
But I just, not a format change, but I'm just going to want to come back from vacation and try to talk to people
over the age of 10 who have an IQ of more than the people who are capable of saying more than just
bush bagged.
You know, more than just that.
Yeah.
And it's killing me.
It's killing the show.
It's hurting the station.
It's hurting all of the shows.
I mean, I'm not taking a blame for the decline in the audience and the whole station.
But I'm just saying that the succession of little pinheads calling in,
making barnyard noises isn't helpful to this radio stage.
Yeah.
No, but I feel kind of too like it's originally I called in to notify you what was on Sally's sleazy today.
It was just unbelievable.
On what?
On Sally Jessie.
Yeah.
She had on like multiple amputees and their kids.
Oh, yeah.
Well, it's a freak show.
That's all.
I tried to tell one of the guys that was on that show a few months ago who got all bent out of shape because of something that I said on the
TV panel, or that kind of crap, because you said it, right, but it's a big deal.
Shestation is not.
She doesn't have any sympathy.
I mean, just look at the,
a different show she does every day with the fact people away over 2000 have to bring him into the crane and drop him through the roof.
That's how long you think that's going to last.
Yeah, as long as it's, yeah, mutants and freaks and all the bizarre people out there,
she's in business, but once that dries up, she...
Yeah, once she's had every kind of freak on the air or every kind of poor soul who, you know, looks bizarre, that's going to be it.
Yeah. So you take a request?
Uh-oh.
Yes, sir, I'm here.
Yeah. I don't know if I missed that if you're not that this morning.
I was dying to hear my favorite thing. It isn't actually a card.
It's, I guess it's a bit the same thing.
Who's mad?
No, no, no, not the douchebag thing where a guy calls in and like berates the bird and the bird just stands there helplessly and the guy goes,
I can't stand it.
You're so stupid, say something, play something.
Why do you just do the whole card? So I guess now we don't have to play it.
1109 at WIOD, we have one of...
Well, Denise just did the whole thing.
Just about an open line in book, a 278 depression and Palm Beach 655 WIOD.
Now the only thing that disturbed me a little bit, the not-slanding lady is a great person.
We love her, but she said, well, I'm sorry I caught you on a down day or something like that.
It's not a down day at all.
And that really bugs me when people do the, oh, you saw it like you're upset today.
Can't I come on and honestly express the way I feel and have like an intelligent conversation without people assuming that I'm in a bad mood or I'm bent out of shape or I'm Mr. Grump?
I don't understand that. It's so it's so it's so.
Douche bag.
Exactly.
Mobile and Ford Launderdale.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Actually, look, you're forward now to your old vacation thing, get back and we can hear a better show at home.
Yeah.
Well, not really.
I'm not complaining about your show.
I enjoy it, but you're right about what's been happening.
And I gotta believe that I...
It may have to be a moron not to hear it.
Yeah, well, I've been here a lot of a lately.
And it's, you know, I got to believe I was going to say that the majority of people who
really listen to your show year after year after year don't call you a lot.
So I have to listen to the show, I like to enjoy it sometimes they get a little sick of
some of the warrants that are calling in.
But a lot of us are, you know, like I'm in my 40s and I'm working most of the time, I
can't play.
I say opposed to the time, I mean, in the work I'm doing, I don't have the time to pick
up the phone and call, whereas a lot of people are calling.
You're, sound like they're sitting around with nothing better to do than make trouble
somewhere.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
So anyway, I enjoy it and I'm sure there's a lot of people just like me out here that
do enjoy it but can't really get a chance to call you all the time.
But we're happy to hear what you say.
It's an update today and I have a bad feeling.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life doing pre-pubescent radio, you know.
Have a great day, pal.
You too, bye bye.
Neal's right, I suck.
1115 at WIOD.
We've got a couple open lines now.
One in Dade, one in Broward, Palm Beach.
Boy, I think we're like sitting out.
What's that?
It's definitely going to be a process that's going to take place there.
But that's okay because I can do these depressing monologues again for the next couple of months.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello Neal.
Hi.
How you doing?
Okay.
In Nazareth, this is.
I haven't got a clue.
This is Amy from Tennessee, I called a couple weeks ago.
Hi Amy, how you doing?
Pretty good, isn't you?
Great.
Okay, let me just say one thing.
You're so great.
I've thoroughly enjoyed it.
But one thing about you're depressing people that you speak of.
One thing that's wrong with them is that they're so depressed.
I think that they want everyone else to be in the same situation as they are
and so that everyone's unhappy.
Uh-huh.
You know?
Right.
Right.
So, let me ask you something.
You know much about Mac and Holland?
Do I know much about it?
No, I've never been there.
You've never been there?
No.
Someone said you had.
Well, someone that told a fib I lived in Michigan for 12 years, but I was never at Mac and
Holland.
No.
Is it a nice place to think of?
Is it a nice place?
Yeah.
Compared to what it's compared to here?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Is it?
Any place?
Much cooler.
Cooler, nicer, nice friendly people.
Younger, alive.
Good.
In the summertime.
Why are you going there?
Yeah, in a couple weeks.
Great.
We'll have a good time Amy.
I will.
Listen, Amy, you keep up the good work and don't get the press now.
Okay.
All righty.
See ya.
1117 at WIOD.
Let's go to Cooper City.
Good morning, Neil.
How are you, sir?
Great.
I just wanted to call and make a few comments if I could.
Please.
See yourself.
Yes, sir.
I've been listening to you since the day's of Zeta and this is the first time I've called
you.
I'm a convert to AM when you brought me over to AM.
And I just wanted to say I agree with you 100% on your change that you're going to be
making and I'm really looking forward to it.
I go back to the days when the Super Bowl riots and when I've tuned into your show and
I just want to tell you that I thought that was the best show you've done since you've
been on IOD.
I think you're great and I'm looking forward to it.
Well, I appreciate it.
You know, there are times when you have something to say and with this audience or at least
a part of it, the people that have taken the shows over, you feel guilty saying it because
it's almost like you have an obligation to entertain them by playing the same six cards
that they want to hear day after day after day.
That's another part of it too.
We have like thousands of cards back here and there's a lot of funny material and yet based
on the callers to these shows, they're like four or five things.
You're Casey Casem and Ross did you and Dwayne stopped at about three or four others and
if it was up to them, we would just play the same six cards on the envelope and we could
just stay home.
Right, you know, you're really repetitive.
It's pathetic.
But I tell you, I'm really looking forward to it and now as I said, I'm 24 years old.
I'm one of these young penheads, so to speak, but I just cannot wait for the change.
I think that you're going to find something down the middle of the road where you're going
to, like you said, you have a sense of humor.
Okay, so it's not going to be a Steve Kane type thing, but I think you're going to make
a lot of people happy out there.
Okay.
Okay, and thanks a lot, sir.
Thanks.
Good hearing from you.
Bye-bye.
Isn't this amazing how these interesting people are coming out of the woodwork that we
otherwise would not be hearing from because we'd be hearing for four hours, like we do almost
every other...
Oh, can I hear Dwayne stop?
Please, please.
Can I hear Dwayne stop?
It's not interesting.
It's not funny anymore.
It's not amusing.
It isn't...it's just...it's garbage, man.
Garbage.
And starting this week, I discovered I'm not having a good time with this anymore.
It's getting on my nerves.
It's driving me nuts.
It's embarrassing.
And then the trends come out yesterday and are the...well, it's all right there and black
and white, right?
And you know, these people in Manage of the Well, they can't find our audience.
I'll grant you arbitrons' things, okay?
I mean, they're these wild fluctuations that show that their sampling leaves a lot
to be desired.
But over a period of time, I mean, if you keep denying it forever, you're doomed to fail
because that's where you have to go, okay?
And you can't just keep trying to force it down to public-stroad forever because if they
don't want it, they're not going to...they're just going someplace else, especially in a
market like this where there's so many different things to choose from.
Little Joey.
How's it going, Neil?
Okay, Joey.
Well, it's having great...and I had to agree with you.
It was getting kind of boring there.
It was getting ponderous.
What do you mean, I want to wish you a good vacation.
Thank you, Joey.
How's the Rick taking good care of him?
I haven't seen him in a couple of days, huh?
That wasn't my question.
Well, I guess he's doing what's fine.
Do you?
Yeah.
Well, a lot of questions raised that they were most back at Spex last week.
I'll tell you that.
A lot of people talking.
A lot of people talking.
And wondering.
Well, he probably got in trouble with his girlfriend, so.
Yeah.
Well, she's okay.
She got it out of her system.
Yeah, Joey said she was going to get pregnant a little earlier.
Yeah, well, she's working on it, I understand.
Yeah, right.
And you're upset.
No, I'm not.
Yes, you are.
I can hear it in your voice.
Oh, I'm sick.
Not upset.
Okay.
Well, I don't blame you.
Okay.
Well, let's enjoy.
Take care of yourself, and I'll see you when I get back.
No problem.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
W-I-O-D.
Can I talk to Neil, please?
Hold on.
Are you a mobile?
I guess I am.
Well, you're on right now, sir.
Is that amazing?
Oh, how are you doing, Neil?
Great.
I was talking to the same one the phone.
A couple of things.
First of all, I agree with you.
I hope you did your format change.
A little mix would be great.
I listen to you from data.
And a little mix would be better.
And I remember when you used to do topics and you didn't do them better than anybody.
Oh, yeah.
By far, even better than Steve, which isn't saying much.
The next thing, how about the Tigers?
You got to give them credit, they're starting to come back now.
Are they doing it?
I don't pay too much attention to the American League, but are they doing it?
You know, the company, do anything.
So you should go to America League for a few minutes.
Malice, and I stick with my team, you know, Winner League.
We won a game last night, by the way.
I know it's amazing.
We won two to one.
This kid pitched a great game last night that whatever I can't think of his name, but
which shows you what a super high he is.
Yeah, I don't know if it's a national league.
I'll pay it to his numerically.
No, that's amazing.
I can't even come close to thinking of his name.
I almost is in coherent as Harry is.
Well, anyway, keep up good work.
I hope you have a good vacation.
Thanks a lot.
Yeah, what's his kid's name?
Harkey, a pitch tonight.
So he's pitching good.
And then this other kid they brought up is pitching great.
And I can't think of his name to save my life.
I must be losing my mind.
Isn't that embarrassing?
I haven't got any idea.
That is embarrassing.
Now I feel like I've lost it.
Harry is lost it totally.
He was so inquired last night.
Dunston hit a line drive single to center field.
And Harry said, there's a high drive.
And he just like stopped.
And then Sanbury hit a home run to win the game in the top of the ninth inning.
And it turned out to be the winning run.
And he just lost it.
Anyway, here's an I don't blame him.
The way things have been going.
Here's a message from the Florida Bankruptcy Center.
If you're up to your 1126 at WIOD, here's a mobile in Fort...
Wait a minute.
We got a pig report.
Is this for real?
Hello?
Dale.
Yeah.
I just got stopped at a roadblock and Coral Gables.
I thought your motorist might like to know about it.
Okay.
Now, Amber Circle just west of Louisiana.
They're checking people's drives license.
Oh, geez.
But you know, we seem to have like an epidemic of this, don't we?
Oh, you don't got to do something, Jake Grimmels.
Did they ask for your passport, too?
I guess they looked American enough.
Okay.
But it's always I got you on the phone.
I got one controversy if you got a minute.
Yeah.
There's a little known lawn on Florida books that hit at anyone over 16 years old
from wearing a mask on public property.
Lately, I've noticed in several new TV news clips of police actions like
prostitution, things, whatever.
And I've seen a lot of police officers wearing masks.
They probably don't know about the law.
Really?
But let's bust their asses.
Well, you know, you make...
Maybe there's an attorney listening who could call and confirm it,
but the law was passed about 75 years ago to combat the KKK from marching in public.
And I believe it still is on the books.
So maybe somebody should call them in on it.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you.
By the way, speaking of clowns with masks, I can't believe it, but I got to congratulate
Senator Connie Mack, who is one of my least favorite people.
He's a real right-winger.
Did you see that?
He came out yesterday and supported two-live crew.
And he said their music is garbage and it's trash, but that we cannot pick and choose
what words we're going to censor, because that's the foundation of the first
amendment.
And here's B.D.I. Bob Graham, who of course is a real twit.
And he's up at, well, you know, free speech is an absolute and all that other crap.
Bobby, you are still as embarrassing.
I mean, if even Connie Mack, who is this virulent right-wing douchebag,
if even he understands what freedom of speech means, how come Senator Bob is still such a jackass
up there?
He is so embarrassing, man.
How do we keep electing people like Bob Graham and Bob Martinez?
Well, we give him what we deserve, I guess.
Poor Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hi.
I've been listening to you for quite some time.
The first time I've ever called a radio station.
I've enjoyed you.
I've enjoyed some of the things you've done.
But I can tell you, I can tell you, my gut feeling is that you are a more intelligent person
that a lot of people may realize.
And I think you probably do very, very well-discussing power.
Well, I did it for years, sir.
See, that's a lot of...
Well, I haven't seen...
Part of the problem is that a lot of the people who are listening last couple of years never
heard this show when I used to do topics.
Okay, I did that for like 12 years in this market and had like 10 and 11 shares a night.
I had enormous radio.
The only problem is that when you do nighttime radio in this market, most of the listeners are
over the age of 100.
Well, I don't know that you could do well because you seem to be a very intelligent person.
Well, I am.
I think brilliant would be good.
I've heard you discuss them.
So brilliant.
What am I doing here?
I said, I've heard you discuss them to bait something.
You come from a very, very...
I mean, you take a very good point of view.
You're able to communicate.
You're able to discuss.
And I wish you very, very well with this.
I think you'll do very, very well.
Well, I'm not saying I'm going to change the whole show upside down because...
You're going to have to change, though.
Marvin is beginning some hysterical callers.
I think we're going to do like 180-degree turn, which were not.
But I think, in the callers, seem to agree that you can find a happy medium without turning the entire program
over to a bunch of mindless simpletons who can only say douchebag and butt load.
I mean, that's just not entertainment.
I would agree with you 100%.
I wish you very, very well.
Thanks a lot.
You're welcome.
Bye-bye.
1130.
And I know that's going to disappoint some of those mindless slime balls who think,
hey, man, it's...
Every day they can turn on the radio and hear somebody say douchebag for four hours.
It's old.
It's still.
Okay?
I mean, put it on a tape.
Douchebag!
Exactly.
Let's go to Ojas.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm one of those woodwork people coming out.
I've listened to you since probably the middle days of Zeta and followed you through.
I have an interesting story to tell you one day.
Okay.
Now, before you continue, I just want to say one thing for the people who are in the audience who are listening, okay?
Yes.
And this includes you.
Although I haven't heard you that much, so you may prove me wrong before we're finished.
But if you listen to the voices of the people who have called during the first hour and a half of the show today,
it's compared to the last couple of months, the average general Simpeldon.
Have you noticed a difference?
I have.
It's like the people who normally don't call are coming out of the woodwork.
Exactly.
I've never called you before, but it seems like the day to do it.
I just want to get straight on exactly what you're going to do with the show.
You're not going to give up the bits and have it.
You want to get straight?
Yeah, I can help you with that.
Okay.
Because I don't know that's not going to happen to me.
I don't think I'm not going to make that many changes.
So to speak, you're not going to...
No, no.
I mean, there's a lot of stuff that we can still play.
It's not going to be a morbid depressing show.
And I still have a good sense of humor, and I enjoy the ACN stuff.
Right.
But for example, I'm not going to play Duane's Stamp 8000 times.
I've got to barbecue out back if you want to bring it over.
Like the guy in the afternoon, the audience is the same thing that I'm going to throw your cat away.
That's a funny bit a few times, apparently.
Yeah.
But when they get forced to play it, people want to hear it a hundred times today.
It's not funny anymore.
It's the same with anything else.
No, I never heard you do topics, but every other host that'll actually admit it and swallow their pride said you were the best.
And like last week, when the next day of the world, that was a great show.
Well, it wasn't a great show because the audience resisted it, see?
Because it was out of context.
And I hadn't said, hey, well, let's make a little bit of a turn in the road here.
So it was like fighting, fighting.
And then people were calling and saying, oh my god, thank goodness you're not going to keep this up.
Because for a minute, we thought you were going to get serious.
What's wrong with being serious one for a while?
Why do you have to be some kind of a mindless simpleton?
Not why I say it was a great show because at least there was something on the table and we could still joke and have humor with it.
That's like life is, you know.
It's not all fun and games all the time.
When I left here, when I drove home that day, and I'm not saying this to be dramatic, but when I left here, I used to ask myself,
how did the people in Europe ever led Hitler and the Nazis making no seriously, how did they let it happen?
And now it's very easy to see how.
Really?
Because people are wrapped up in their own superficial stupid little crap and most people don't even make like a little allowance like they take 5% or 2% or even 1% of their existence and devoted to something meaningful.
They're all in their own little selfish world.
Oh yes, exactly.
From the majority of the population seems to be like that nowadays.
Now I just wanted to get it clear, you know, we're not going to give it up completely.
No, but I'm sure not going to sit here and talk about the Simpsons, for example, or Dick Gracie.
Because I'm not interested in those things.
I mean, if people out there love them, more power to them because I'm all for free enterprise.
If people can make $50 million from it, great.
Okay, because there's a sucker born every minute.
But I'm not going to sit here and pretend to care about it because I don't.
And if the fact that I don't watch the Simpsons makes me less interesting to listen to to some of the pinnets, that's their problem.
Well, let him listen to Debbie Ellis, okay?
She's a big talent.
Huge.
Have a great day.
Thank you, Neil.
Bye-bye.
1133 on all Grump Radio, WIOD.
And I saw Boy Gary in there for just a minute, a couple of minutes ago.
He, what's the story, Melvin?
Is he put a word on the board that would describe his response?
He listening?
He's upset at you about...
Oh, so another is he's not paying attention what I'm talking about.
That's good.
Let's keep it that way.
Let's go to Dear Field on the four lines.
What is this?
Dear Field, hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Hey, I think what you're doing is great for one really main reason.
You're the only intelligent liberal I've heard in this entire state in the past 20 years.
Dude, can we still say that we're liberal on the air?
I don't know.
Because I noticed we're still on the air.
We're still on the air.
We're still on the air.
Yeah, but look at when Connie, I mean Connie Mac is as far from liberal as anything.
And even he, with his right-wing credentials, comes out the other day and says,
Hey, this is wrong, man.
This is this judge Gonzalez is nuts and all his censorship has got to stop.
And of course, that's what a real legitimate conservative is supposed to be all about.
Less government, less government interference in our rights.
That's what I was originally going to call on her.
What a breath or fresh air, huh?
I couldn't believe it when I was talking.
I was talking to the paper Connie Mac.
Of all people.
I mean, I knew he was a pretty good baseball guy, but now it was very well made.
His point was we can't start stepping on the first amendment.
Yeah, who's there?
Who starts picking and choosing what we can say and what we can read and what we can listen to?
Because then he has what's called a dictator is what it sounds like.
Well, further on the article, I don't know who was attributed to, but someone claimed that some speech should be restricted.
Now, who's going to tell us what we're talking about?
That was governor Bob.
That was governor Bob.
I think the old, huh?
That makes a lot of sense.
Well, I think the only speech should be restricted is when it's coming from a governor Bob's mouth.
Where?
Bobby Graham, you know, BDI Bob.
What are two Bob's?
No, I'm talking about Graham.
Yeah, well, the other Bob ain't too cool either.
As in Graham Cracker.
Well, that's what you expect in Florida, okay?
The last governor we had in this state who was anywhere to the left of the Ayatola was Lee Roy Collins,
and that's long, long time ago.
Oh, they really surprised me to see.
And how he ever got elected in this Yahoo state beats a hell out of me.
I have no idea.
Well, I hope that you keep on doing what you're doing and everything keeps going well for you.
Okay, thanks a lot.
That's a good time when you're a vacation.
Thanks.
Thanks a lot.
1136 at WIOD here on serious radio.
Actually, listen to these voices, man.
Whatever.
You mean to say that he has no concept?
Is that what you're telling me of anything that's good?
Keep him occupied, okay?
Keep him in there with his Simpson cuts.
Anyway, oh, Tim from the fresh veggies on a way to bring in food.
Now, I'm going to let everybody in the building pick out and then I'm going to put some aside and take it home for lunch.
I'm not going to eat it here on the air because I've discovered that if I eat on even taking my pill and eating on the
ear, it sends my sugar up and I can't do that.
But I am going to set aside and look at that.
Just what timing.
That was incredible.
How you doing?
That was amazing.
So what I'm going to do because I can see that the other people are going to invade.
I'll put some in some plates and take it home for lunch.
Anyway, is there more?
Oh, my.
So the fresh veggies here and I'm just going to have a little eggplant that I'm taking my salad home.
And that's it.
And the meantime, everybody else just to go nuts, okay?
And don't leave the good.
Look at that beautiful fruit.
There's blueberries and cherries and the stuff.
Look at the size of the strawberries, man.
Madonna would be jealous of those.
And that great eggplant, which I can see is going to go very fast.
I'm just alerting anybody in the building who might be listening.
That there's some great stuff in here.
It's going to go real fast this time.
And then this is like the chicken salad.
Oh, that's a seizure.
Great.
A big, huge seizure salad.
And see your dressing and all kinds of great stuff.
And we thank you very much.
You're looking at Melvin jumping right in here.
He's no fool.
Fort Lauderdale.
Put a thing.
Yeah, put this.
Miami.
Hi there, Neil.
How you doing?
Is there any peppers there?
I kind of miss you.
Chewing up those little peppers next to the microphone.
Yeah, well, I'll start when I come back.
Spice, I think.
I'm going to.
Two in on Jay Michaels this morning.
Well, now we're getting to some exciting radio.
Just to hear him say goodbye to Randy Martin.
Oh, he's dumping her over there or what?
Oh, she's leaving there.
They're not dumping her.
She's getting out.
Well, getting is good.
Something better, I hope.
Well, she's coming over here.
Oh, well, you said you didn't want a sidekick.
She's just coming over for her back.
Oh, she's not coming over.
I know I work alone, believe me.
I mean, the may make a few changes on the show, but I work alone.
It should be.
It should be that way.
But no, she's going to come over, do some fill ins and maybe do some weekends.
And who knows what?
You know, she's warming her way in, which is fine.
She's a nice, nice person.
We'll push Joey right out.
Oh, you said that.
Well, anyway, you're looking at your resistance from me.
I'll guarantee you that.
Not to not to wander too far from the subject.
I think Bob should go back to dairy farming.
Bob?
Yeah, governor Bob.
Former governor.
All of the governor Bob, he had back to Graham Dairy Road.
And let's go.
Wow, he's a torque, okay?
He's a BDI torque.
And there isn't any other state in the country.
Even in North Carolina, they wouldn't elect a torque like him, okay?
Yeah, well, they're with the rest of the world.
Thank you, anyway, Mitch.
No, you don't want to.
Well, we got some food going on here.
It gets a little hectic.
Yeah, I can understand that.
We're getting ready to break for lunch here.
I hope everybody's going to remember the President, Governor, when it comes time.
Yeah, well, they will, sir.
No freedom of choice or speech.
We could run a Rick Alpo against him and he went hands down.
Well, it's been fun.
I'm out of material.
Okay, sir. Have a great life.
Let's not get took care of it away here.
W-I-O-D.
Yeah, who?
Yeah.
I have a Larry King's fireport.
Okay, hold on.
W-I-O-D.
Uh, Neil?
Hold on a minute, okay?
Okay.
W-I-O-D.
Neil.
Hi.
Hold on, okay?
Okay.
Well, the reason I'm doing this now is Melvin's in here getting his food.
And he's got every right to do that briefly.
Oh, yes.
How you doing?
Neil?
Hi.
Hi.
I have a little bit of a way.
Well, by the way, can before we go on, can I just ask one dumb question?
Now, yesterday I was listening and at about 315, I was at my mother's house and there was this
grotesque horrendous loud noise that came over the ear and it went on and on and on and on.
And then a rather hysterical Chuck Meyer came on and then the noise came back on again and
he was doing that tornado warning thing.
Now, I've been in the business for 30 years and we've had a lot of tornado watches and
tornado warnings and we've been through hurricanes and all kinds of stuff and I have never heard
the likes of whatever that was and Rick made a good point when it came back on yesterday.
If there's something new that's going on, it would be nice if we knew about it because
I was sitting in my mother's thinking, well, where is the bomb shelter because it's all
over now?
Are they dropping H bombs on home instead?
What the hell is going on?
I have it and there must be something new that's going on and it would be nice if the
people in the news department or somewhere would tell us about it because you know.
They're talking about the funnel cloud yesterday?
Yeah, didn't you hear what we had in here?
No one answered up to everything.
Yeah, but I mean they went like nuts.
Well, anyway.
What you do to your arm?
Did she break it?
Yeah.
I believe it.
Go ahead, I'm going to.
Yes.
First, I haven't called you in so long because I'm really not very good at belching or
making animal grunts with the phone.
And it's so good today to listen to really some intelligence.
And I'm telling you one thing, it's lucky I made the decision today instead of waiting
three, four months because the people were hearing from today including you might have
been gone in three or four.
But wait, I tuned in late and Melvin really didn't give me an answer.
What's going on?
What do you mean?
I mean, I said to him is there a change of formatting because I really don't know.
I haven't discussed this with management because I stay away from them like poison, but
I just have decided that we need to come back and start on this show.
Rick and Crodden the afternoon, what they do is great, okay?
But eight hours a day of that is too much.
And I would much rather spend the rest of however many more years I'm going to be doing
this, talking to people who are at least mature enough to say hello and goodbye and not
just make animal sound.
So that's what I'm going to do.
And it's not a hundred and eighty return.
But the gentleman that called a while ago that said, or the woman I forgot, that said,
people don't realize how intelligent I know you hate when people do this.
You are.
No, keep it up, mom.
Okay, darling.
No, don't realize how intelligent you are.
And I used to listen to you and I know why you quit it.
I mean, I used to hear your blood pressure going up and up and up.
No, it's not just blood pressure going up and everything goes in cycles, okay?
And just like this stuff I was doing for the last three years.
It was great for a while and it was exciting and it was different.
It's tired.
And it's worn out.
It really is.
First of all, too many people have been trying to imitate it and they've burned it out
and buried it into the ground.
And it's history.
Okay, I understand that.
Doesn't bother me.
But you know, there could be a happy medium.
Well, that's what we're going to find.
That's great.
That's really great.
And actually, what I said at the beginning took the words right out of my thing.
How do you think?
A happy medium.
Okay, that's great.
I can't wait.
Okay.
Thanks, Neil.
Thanks a lot for my.
Well, I'm going to tell you, we have a pig report, but not the kind that we've been
hearing on the phone.
Johnny Dark is in here with his eyeballs rolling around.
Now, just try to control yourself because there are other hungry people in the building who
would like to have some of this great stuff from the fresh veggie up in the lighthouse
point.
Okay.
I mean, like get a little plate, like a human being.
Okay.
Instead of putting it in your hands, get a paper plate would be a good star, Johnny.
W-Y-O-D.
Hello, man.
Yeah, that's about your size.
What?
Seven facts number.
Seven five seven.
Uh-huh.
Seven five one six.
All right.
Thanks.
Well, wait a minute.
Yeah.
Isn't there something you're studying?
You want to tell me before you do that?
No.
No?
Well, what are you sending me?
A facts.
That's going to say.
I can't tell you to surprise.
Well, but I mean, give me some idea.
It has a party boy on it.
Oh.
Bart Simpson?
Great.
All right.
Well, how is she about eight?
Let's go to a West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How you doing?
All right.
Well, the first thing I want to say is thank you for what we haven't done anything yet.
I make them back.
I make them back from vacation and have a whole different frame of mind.
Of course you've done something.
You've listened to the difference in the colors today.
Mm-hmm.
And in the different colors.
I mean, I don't want to go to an extreme and have like mega colors going.
And rolling over with my CDs.
Yeah.
It's going under the ground.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
You sound good.
Of course not.
But it's obvious to any stinking individual.
Any stinking individual?
Yes, sir.
That the difference in the people who appreciate your show are beginning to call in today.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, we're taking it away from all the juveniles, OK?
Well, if they want the juveniles any other day, part of that's fine with me.
The chronic and the idiots who have to do something.
Yeah, exactly.
And that's like anything else.
If you give juvenile people an opportunity, they will destroy a good thing.
And that's what they've done.
We had a good time for a while.
And they were ran into the ground and they buried it and destroyed it and tortured it.
You're right.
And now let's go try to be semi-intelligence.
They'll have a good time.
I enjoyed the lightning round for a couple of weeks.
It was funny.
It was entertaining.
And then it got tedious.
And then it got tonderous.
And just tip going on and on and on.
And the show improved when unmeasurable lifts you or so.
But then the chronic kind of took over.
It was like they were trying to take the place of the rest.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Good point.
And you don't need that.
Yeah.
And then we had a whole bunch of juveniles who were coming in here who are, I mean, not all of them,
but some of them who were just hoping to do auditioning.
auditioning to be the new scientist.
I'm sitting there with you and all that.
Nothing.
Well, because they all wanted to be the new sidekick and it wasn't going to happen.
It's not going to happen.
You don't need it.
You don't need it.
It's not necessary.
I work alone, sir.
Trust me.
I believe I've listened to you since you were on FM.
Just after you started on FM and followed you on AM.
I'd never listened AM before and I came out of the closet.
I admit to people I listened to you.
I mean, you know, up here in West Palm, even.
You know, we can say one of the reasons that WIOD has so few women listening.
And because it's a heavy sports intensive station and that's been true for years.
But one of the other reasons that the women audience has fallen off to almost
non-existent is because most women and I'm not saying women are smarter than men.
But most women, Laura, you're full of it.
Don't want to hear douchebag and butt load for four hours every day.
I'm telling you that's not where they're at.
That's not where they're at.
I don't need you there.
That's basically a wise guy young punk slime ball type of audience.
I want to hear that.
And it's very limited and not only that,
but those people are fickle anyway.
You know, they're like butterflies.
They're landing your backyard one minute and then five minutes later when they're tired of eating your plants,
they'll go to the land on somebody else's.
But even the people who aren't fickle are going to get tired of hearing
say, be in the stadium.
This is the stadium cousin of them.
Yesterday yesterday was like a yesterday was like a magic awakening for me.
Believe me.
Well, it's refreshing.
Again, I'd like to say thank you for what farm meets.
There's a lot of people up here who listen to and the reason I had to call was
I went to school with Jan Bello.
It's my green.
Oh my God.
Talk about a shameless self promoted.
If he doesn't stop, he's going to be writing a class with smeg green.
He's right.
He's saying a lot, but he's working on it.
He's right there.
I mean, that Alice, you know, he's another one went back to the topics,
but let's not get carried away.
We don't want to do the flusen wipes on this show.
Okay.
Neil, I look forward to a tremendous improvement in your show and you get back.
Have a great vacation wherever you go.
I sure will.
I'll have a good time with the forward.
Here you come back.
Okay.
Thanks.
1150 at WIOD in a very shallow town.
We have an open line in Palm Beach.
655 Death.
655.
Well, it is a shallow timing.
The most exciting thing they have in this town.
Look forward to the show, which I think says a lot.
Anyway, you can see.
Okay.
1155 on all depression radio.
Let's go to Fort Lauderdale.
Go on.
A lady in Hollywood.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, you're there.
How are you?
Great.
Great.
I'm delighted to hear you're going to upgrade your format.
I think it may help your ratings a little bit too.
Yeah.
And my sanity too.
Well, I could help everybody, believe me.
I love sports.
Naturally, I love the reds and the bangles being from Cincinnati.
And I'm one of the fans that doesn't care if they suck or they're doing a great job.
But I just love them.
Well, that's the meaning of fan.
A lot of people don't know the meaning of the word.
They think fan is somebody who jumps on the bandwagon when they're doing good.
And then the rest of the time, it looks for somebody else.
Oh, no.
I'd like them to win every year, but let's be logical.
They're not going to do it.
Right.
Well, they look pretty solid this year.
I like you as a fan, too.
You're a good cup fan.
You bet.
By the way, by the way, with Sean Vosky, I'm embarrassed.
I actually had to write it down when it came to me during the break.
Sean Vosky won a game last night.
Well, we took one last night and now lost one, Atlanta.
Yeah, it came from behind in the night sitting in the first game.
We did the best we could.
But I've been listening to you since Zeta.
And I wanted to tell you, I work at ICU.
And if I ever get the guy with the horse lip on a ventilator, I'm pulling the plug.
I mean, that's pathetic.
I can't stand it.
I never get upset with people.
But this is just why it's annoying.
Don't you wonder what some of these people's lives are all about?
I mean, what they do?
I think people are a little afraid, too.
If you ask me.
Yeah.
Don't say that too loud.
They might come and get you.
Yeah, I live too close to Davey.
The day is good.
There you go.
There are no horses right now.
Listen, thanks a lot for keeping me company during the day when I'm traveling in the car.
You just make my day.
And I think you make a lot of other people's day.
And I wanted to thank your mom for giving us a great son.
Thank you.
We really enjoy you.
Thanks a lot, Mom.
Keep up the great work.
Bye-bye.
I know my mom could change her voice to many different inflections.
We have an open line in Broward 524WYOD 524-Mong.
Boka.
So what's it going to be?
You're going to have guests.
That type of thing now or what?
Well, I didn't really say that, did I?
But the way you asked that question was almost like intimidating.
Well, no.
It just, that's supposed to be that way.
It just sounds kind of like, are you going to do like a Steve Keynes show?
No, sir.
God forbid.
I mean, not the bad thing, but that way.
The year I made it.
It just sounds like the food or intellectuals that used to talk about and all that.
I didn't think there was anything wrong with the program.
That's why I listened, you know?
Yeah.
Well, I do.
And it's a judgment that I have to make, you know?
I mean, if you want to hear people making barnyard sounds all day and saying,
do you beg and buttload, and that more power to you?
But it's not that's not what this show is going to be all about.
No, what?
I like, you know, and for me to sit here and keep repeating the same thing over and over again,
it's kind of pointless.
I know a lot of people come along and midstream.
But the show isn't going to change 180 degrees.
And I'm not going to do the Steve Keynes show and beat the same old guests and topics
into the ground.
But I'm going to try to talk to people more on the level of adults as opposed to talking to
people who are best and more on Zerbidates.
It's not enjoyable.
It's not good listening.
Well, I know whatever you do will work out, but I like how it was, you know?
It seems you go through one of these changes about once a year or so.
No, no.
I've been doing the same thing for three years now, and I changed after doing topics for 12 years,
and you have to have a feel for it, okay?
Everything runs its course, okay?
And if you're not sharp enough to pick up on it, you're doomed to be in the gutter, okay?
Believe me.
Okay.
And, well, let me just be probably the only person who will say today that before what you had
was to me, it was just fine.
Okay.
Well, we'll see what happens, okay?
Bye-bye.
See you.
Oh.
He's talking about pseudonym intellectual.
Now, he's in that role as a pin.
Now, we'll listen to it all, okay?
I mean, if you're full of crap like he was, you call right in.
We have one open line in Broward, 524, W-I-O-D, and 278-9463 in Boka, 278-Sude, W-I-O-D.
Hi, Neil.
Yeah.
Neil, please.
Speaking.
Hi, Neil.
I think it's a great idea what you're doing, and...
Well, how do you think it's a great idea if we don't even know what it is yet?
Well, all I can say is, if you were to break up your show and do topics one or two a week
and do your regular stuff...
None.
One or two a week.
No, that doesn't work.
No, every day it has to be a little bit different.
The show is going to still be a little on the light.
I'd once in a while we get a little heavy, but I'm not going to, like, say on two days and
Thursday we're going to have guests in talk about World War III, and Monday, Wednesday and Friday,
we're going to say douchebag 4,000.
I mean, that's not a show.
Well, I know that's not what you would do, because that's not you.
But the way you're going to approach it, I think, is going to be...
I think it's going to be mixed up.
I think it's going to be a variety that we all enjoy.
Exactly.
And I look forward to it.
I couldn't have said it better myself.
And I know you don't like to hear the word douchebag, but I'd love to call my friends
a buckle-wise major douchebag.
Douchebag!
Have a great day.
Thanks, man.
See you.
Okay, that's going to do it for an exciting 11-A-NU-N hour.
The audience seems to be getting some extra stimulation today.
Got to know what will happen on South Beach.
Gail Bright, right?
Gail Moutsow Bright is here with the new news.
We'll be back in 1205.
Rick and Slut will be here with an obviously traumatic show from 2006.
Thanks, Mike.
Hank Olberg on Sports Talk and G. Michael McGay for Stand Major from 8-11 tonight.
The audience expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on New Start Radio 610-WIOD.
We're back.
Scary tales can come true.
It can happen to you if you're scary heart.
While the wipe is away in the townhouse you'll play.
If you're scary heart.
A big cry you'll pay.
It was women you play.
Not once, it was twice.
You were caught with misrides.
You're really not too smart.
You can't stay apart.
Now you won't be president.
Scary heart.
You won't be the president.
Scary heart.
Oh, excuse me.
It's almost 7 at WIOD and let's take up a call.
Shall we?
Or not?
Should we just analyze the condition of mankind?
Here's a lady in plantation.
How are you doing?
I'm good, how are you?
Rave.
My face and you have been restored.
Really?
Yes.
Huh.
I'm so happy you're doing this.
Those clinics and idiots will tell you so.
You noticed they're all gone?
Oh, I hope they stay away.
Because they're living and breathing people calling today.
No, no.
Don't even think about it on vacation.
Just enjoy your day.
No, I don't let them.
That's why I'm glad I did it now before I go away.
I can get all under control.
Your timing is sensational.
Resusable.
Yeah.
So just do it and enjoy and have fun.
From that cafe.
I will do it.
I'll be looking forward to it.
Okay.
Enjoy.
Not load.
Right.
See ya.
Bravo, wait.
That was terrible.
At good old WIOD, the station you can defend on.
Let's go to the lady in North Miami.
Hi.
How are you doing?
How are you?
Okay.
Oh, I haven't talked to you in a while.
Amazing.
Oh, I know, but I got so tired of that routine.
Hold on a second.
Okay.
There's Melvin's inner feeding his face again.
Hold on.
WIOD.
See, there he is.
See we got him in.
He's got a little bit of a way.
Get rid of him.
Just a lady from the Aventura that he's called about not landing all of the sudden.
Yes.
But I quit calling.
Really?
Because I don't know.
Just the program just really went down the tube.
Yeah.
Now why are you doing this?
You see, now Melvin is shaking and said,
nobody's the same one who said after the bird left that the sky was falling.
I was surprised to take you this long to realize what was going on.
Well, I'm slow.
Well.
I'm not really.
But you know, just like every other lady has mentioned it, I think it has done a lot.
And that's why you're not going to.
Well, I kind of spread though like a disease.
I know.
I started to spread like a gigantic cancer over the entire station.
I know.
And we've all been smothering underneath it.
I think so too.
That's why I'm saying I'm surprised it took you this long, really.
But anyway, have a nice vacation.
I'm going away tomorrow myself and I'm glad you're feeling better and everything else.
Okay, you two have a good one.
You two.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, we will be hearing from people like that Melvin.
What was wrong with her?
Was she a little too old for you?
Well, that's too bad.
We're not just going to be talking a little pinhead just there who's hormones are out of balance.
Okay.
All the way.
I'm still watching MTV.
That's part of the deal.
Where's the bookie board spot?
Oh, I see there's like that sleaze bag Madonna.
That's another.
I have no interest in Madonna.
She bore me.
She's ugly.
She smells bad.
She's got enough hair under her armpits to weave a new rug for a Murray the K who's been
dead for 20 years or even cousin Brucey.
Forget it.
Okay, forget it.
The Simpson's Madonna and what was the other one?
What was the third one?
It'll come to me.
Sean Bosky.
Tamarack is gone.
Pemberk Pines.
Hello.
Hi.
I'm 14 and I listen to you.
My mom got me a listen to you and I think you're too.
Thank you.
Welcome.
I hate Madonna.
Okay.
You have excellent taste.
Have a great vacation.
Thanks a lot.
Bye.
Isn't that nice?
How come everybody is so damn nice today?
God.
It's almost disgusting, isn't it?
Man, but don't knock it because it won't last for long.
Okay, speaking of female and you're going to have to get your hormones under control.
Okay.
We can't all the ladies who call can't be 14 like the last one.
She was very nice to young lady but some of them will be over the age of 20.
Okay.
I know that's depressing to you but that's...
When I see you, I'm wrong.
Okay.
For the apologies to Bill Calder, we still all this stuff because he's not on the air.
Rose, how you doing, Rose?
I'm doing fine.
I wanted Cal to tell you I agree with what you're saying.
I've heard the singer voice for quite a while.
Oh, it's been getting worse every day.
I've heard it.
It's been undertone and I didn't do anything.
You know why I haven't really done anything because since I had the stroke,
I haven't let anything aggravate me because I can't afford to let my pressure go crazy.
But when I saw you at the remote, you were so tired when it was over.
I mean, you look tired.
But other than that, haven't you liked the calls today?
Has it meant to be great?
Yeah, and we can still talk to you and we're going to enjoy and a few people on the edge of 100.
But I mean, the bottom line is there has to be a halfway in between.
I agree.
I mean, I've just taken a whole radio show and turning it into like a pinhead hour of guttable sounds.
I am much better listener than I am a caller.
I mean, I try to be funny and I can't do that.
You know, I just have to mean that to you.
Yeah.
Because I want to be able to have something to say and that sounds as stupid as all the time.
Right.
Well, I've been saying that for a long time.
No.
But anyway, I just wanted to put my two hands in.
Well, it's great here for me.
How's Rick doing?
I haven't seen him.
Why not?
I guess Joey's had him kind of busy tied up.
Well, that could be, but like I said, I do have a life.
You know, and it's just I do get busy once in a while.
But I do listen to all of them.
There really must be something to be like.
We're going to be wanted by anything that's alive.
You know, it's quite a feeling, I guess.
Does he like it forever, Rick?
When you start getting more, when you get to be like 22 and you start getting old and seedy.
And we all over pal.
That's it.
Yeah.
I'll give him to 24.
Okay.
I bet you will.
Yeah.
Hold your breath, Rose.
Hey, Chris.
Have a great day.
1217 to WIOD on your friendly station where the people they have a collective IQ of over
six for the first time in months, whether Melvin likes it or not.
Okay.
At least you got a friend today.
That's something.
A four-letter mail.
Hey.
Hey.
Are you doing it, Al?
Okay.
Don't change it too much.
Yeah.
I'm serious.
I think you're going to menopause, maybe.
What do you think?
Yeah.
I'm going through middle-aged like middle-life crisis.
No, but some of us like the way it is.
Well, I don't.
I come.
Do you want me to go through the whole thing again?
Do I have to explain it to you?
No, but just cut it a little over there.
Do you want to hear like 40 calls in a row going, yeah, you douchebag.
Yeah.
Is that your idea of a radio show?
No.
But you don't want to take all the fun, does that?
I'm not taking the fun out of it.
Okay.
We're still going to play some stuff and have a good time.
But it doesn't have to be like some kind of a pre-pubescent circus.
Douchebag butt load.
Butt load douchebag.
That to me is not a radio show.
I'm sorry.
Lay a little bit of that.
It's not bad.
A little bit.
Yeah, I couldn't agree with you more, okay?
Like a douchebag.
Exactly.
Once in a while.
That's wrong, you're nervous.
But not 500 people in a row say, hey, could I call Johnny or douchebag.
Hey, this is Libyan's cousin.
Who cares?
Do you care?
No.
I don't care who's cousin is who.
Exactly.
In fact, if he's Fabian's cousin, then he have a name.
The half of someone he calls us, when he's...
When Elvin answered the phone, let's hear that party he has in the control room.
Exactly.
What just ended only moments ago?
I was listening to him.
And then he wonders why in occasion we get a little surly, okay?
Oh, he doesn't like me anymore.
It sounds like some preschool girl.
He's another one needs to grow up in there too.
It's the same crap, okay?
This is a business.
It's not a party here.
It sounds like there were some preschool girls cackling in the background.
Well, they're on the floor now.
They're on the floor.
They're all passed out.
That's what happened.
He put a little something in there, sees your salad.
Well, Neil, listen.
I'm sure you'll come up with a happy medium and keep us responsible.
Ten heads happy.
Yeah.
I mean, we're not going to chase everybody away who's under the age of a hundred, but my God,
let's at least have a little substance.
And, you know, I am a chronic, but I still have a life, though.
It's possible.
Well, you and Mr. Radio.
No, I don't like Mr. Radio.
And what's a super Dave?
See, there are like a whole bunch of these chronic misfits, and that is the word for the misfits.
And I don't want anything to do with them.
Okay, let them find another play toy.
I'm not interested in them because they're boring.
Nobody cares about what they're talking about, and they're just puffed up egos.
Okay, they're assholes.
I'm going to agree with you.
We still say that.
You can still say that.
Okay, well, I know Connie McWood approved.
Well, yeah, that was great.
I love reading that.
The paper.
I love Connie McSher.
He may be a right-wing douchebag, but at least he knows what the first amendments are
about, and thank God for that.
You got it.
Listen, have a great time on vacation.
I will.
All right, buddy.
And I'll give you all the details when I get back.
Let us know about it.
Or at least most of them.
See you later.
All right.
20 afternoon at WIOD, we have one open line.
If you rush to that phone on your hands and knees, stick your crutch out and dial 524-KVech.
524 WIOD.
The audience is so emotional.
Are they emotional?
God, it's not like we're going on some kind of a trip to Auschwitz or something.
That's next month with Sure of Nick.
Anyway, hey, listen.
I got a topic for you, Melvin.
It's called Unemployment.
25 afternoon at WIOD.
Want to thank the people of the fresh veggie again, Tim and all the nice people up there.
They're on North Federal Highway and Lighthouse Point.
Just a little bit across from American, Stake and Pizza.
They brought tons of great stuff, including an incredible eggplant.
The eggplant disappeared so fast.
It wouldn't believe it.
Beautiful, fresh fruit.
We haven't had this much fruit in here since what's his name on the show.
Just great produce and good stuff.
Let's go to Miami Beach.
Let me ask something.
What kind of a piece do you like to make love?
Miami.
Hello.
Hey, hey, how are you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, I was just wishing you know that you make my day.
You know?
Yeah.
Let's go to Atlanta.
Hello.
Boy, I don't know how to follow those two.
Yeah, I'm at the headquin allocere there in love.
What do you want?
Well, I want to be emotional.
I wanted to tell you that I think that this proposed change that you're going to make is going to be a good thing for the show.
A lot of these people don't remember your show since Zeta or since before Zeta.
I remember your program since day and oh up here.
And one of the things that I really, the period that I really enjoyed personally was when you first started doing the How and Day All Vising and you had a topic but you weren't really dead serious.
And when at the end of the world.
No, I mean, you can have a set of humor to say.
See, that was a problem with Steve is that everything was World War III every day.
And he kept doing the same six topics over and over and over again.
And they've all been done 50,000 times since then.
And I guess a lot of these people don't remember that period so they don't know how you would treat a topic with your sense of humor and just pick on a little bit and really get some discussion going on.
But I look forward to the change.
I can't believe these people are calling.
Well, we look at just the way it is.
I can't imagine anybody who enjoys the last few weeks, the way, you know, a lot of the state, not just the show, but I mean there have been so many of these morons just run after another.
And even if you listen to the Rick and Suds promo that we've played today for this show, where the guy is burping and belching and I mean see a little bit of that is funny.
The burp and his card is funny as hell.
And once in a while if we're eating, you know, if it's spontaneous, it's funny.
But then when you've got a bunch of 19 year old morons, I'll call again to make farting and burping sounds.
It's not funny anymore.
It's sick.
Yeah, there's a level two where it's embarrassing.
It's funny because I'm sorry about the choice of words.
It's interesting because my wife and I were discussing this yesterday because she just, she's a school teacher and she's not offering a day like I am.
And she was saying, well, gee, you're still listening to that program.
How come you're listening to it?
And it was kind of hard for me to explain that I was listening to it because I was hoping, I guess I was hoping that something might change a little bit back to the way it used to be.
Because I like some of the bits, but after a while it does get a little bit tedious.
And I want to make it very clear that I'm not trying to stick my nose into Rick and says, I mean, whatever they do, they got their show, they're going to do very well.
And I, you know, I enjoy them. I like them. They're good guys.
And I'm not trying to influence what they do in any way, okay?
Because one of those things that people are going to understand, and it's about time, I'm going to do my thing and everybody else has got to do their thing instead of trying to be neo-rogyzed.
I'm sick of it.
It's just tired.
Well, that may be what's the other part of the problem.
Yeah, like the weekend.
People that are trying to do it.
Amen. Amen.
Whatever. That's doing over like a pregnant pool of all the run a hot day in July.
Right.
Okay, have a good one.
Try you too.
Thanks.
28 afternoon at WIOD, the grocery lady, or should we take the collect call from Los Angeles?
Now, why do you have all those exclamation marks after the grocery lady? Are you the grocery lady?
Hello.
Uh-huh. Neo?
Yes.
Now I know.
Neo?
Uh-huh.
I'm so glad to get you on the phone.
I'm rarely home during the day, especially listening to radio.
Right.
Uh-huh. You recall me at all?
Not really.
Uh-huh.
Well, it's quite some time and I'm so pleased to hear what I am hearing today.
Exactly. Aren't these people a little cut above the usual slime balls that we have?
You bet.
I consider myself in that category.
What slime ball?
Uh-no.
You see people above.
A cut above.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Yes.
You know, and I was so disappointed when occasionally I would turn your station on and slime and listen to what was going on.
Well, I got out of control.
You know, it's one thing to have a good time and a little fun and a few laughs.
But when a bunch of morons take it over the straw, it's out of control.
I said, this can't be my meal.
My favorite talk.
Well, you know me.
I'm so weak.
You know, I let people overpower me.
Absolutely.
And stay weak.
In the category you're going to be and I'm assuming it's going to be something great.
Right.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Have a great day.
You don't know.
I'm very happy to hear about all this.
Okay.
Have a good time to listen to your station very soon.
Thank you so much.
I'm not home very often, but I will be whenever I am.
Make a habit of it.
Okay. Sure will.
Okay.
Bye, darling.
Wow.
1230 and W. Wilde.
Now just try to control yourself in there.
William Alvin, God, you exaggerate so bad.
Here's collect from Los Angeles.
Are you doing Neil?
Okay.
Hey, how's everything going out in there in Miami?
It's wonderful.
Sir, the birds are singing and the dogs are squatting and everything is just the way it was
when you left.
Really?
Oh, wow.
I hear they got a new format change.
Who?
You guys down there.
Who said that?
I don't know.
That's what I heard.
You know, word gets out to LA pretty quick.
Yeah, right.
You know what?
On the FM?
No, on the AM.
Who said we had a format change?
No format change?
Where did you hear that?
Well, I don't know that.
I know they got a lot of format changes out your way now.
No, let me say it again.
Oh.
What is it?
Like tunnel radio.
I know they're off the air.
Who?
Do you have other buddies over at FTO?
Total radio?
Yeah.
They're back to the ****.
They found they tell me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What does that have to do with that?
I don't know.
Not really.
Another way you've been on hold for a couple of minutes and you just picked up a little glimmer
and right away all of a sudden you're getting a hysterical, right?
Yeah.
I'm telling you.
Well, you know, I'll tell you.
I've been away for about six weeks and kind of missed the old caskies and everything
I used a little bit.
Right.
You know, you'll have a good time out there with that call.
You better grab that other call if you think that should be pretty important though.
Now.
Could be Ed McNeill and with that $10 million.
Now I'll tell you out here.
You might make it but you blow it at the same time.
Yeah.
Well, we know how that works.
Yeah, I'm telling you.
So how's everything been there?
Everything's great.
You're having a nice life.
Crowd are still running?
They're right now.
In fact, if you get there in the next half hour you get there for the daily double.
Okay.
Say goodbye.
Oh.
Now see, there's a good example.
He can't hear me rip him anyway now because he's gone.
Now would you rather talk to him or the grocery lady?
I'll take her any day.
She was quick and brief and nice and meant well and everything was wonderful.
But he's like nothing to say.
So how's everything going out there?
How's everything going?
Here there's a big format change.
How's everything going?
So how's everything going?
Do you spag?
Right?
Do you spag?
Oh man.
Anybody who's going to defend that as radio needs a lobotomy immediately, okay?
Just like the people who I'm not even going to say it.
I'm not going to go back into it.
We have one open line in Volka 278, hopeless.
278-9463.
Let's go to Margate.
The Yankees are back.
Yeah.
They're doing it.
They are really right on top.
Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
I wanted to ask you something.
I used to listen to you about probably six, seven years ago.
But I remember it was like really late at night, like probably after 10 o'clock.
Eight to midnight.
Was it eight to midnight?
Was your show?
Mm-hmm.
I'm not one of those.
No, it's just show.
You had a rough day from back then, though.
What?
Your show.
I mean, it was a lot different.
Any of these chronic something, you know, it was line all the time.
Right.
Well, see back in those days, the way.
What day was that on?
W-I-N-Z-W-N-W-W-S.
I've been all over the place, sir.
I've been on all of them.
Oh.
So I didn't know that.
I was in college back in a race to listen to you.
Yeah.
Well, we had a more interesting show.
The only problem was back in those days at night, the callers were all over the age of 100.
Yeah.
I kind of can't remember that.
And I'm not going back to that.
I'm not going to do geriatric radios, so don't panic, okay?
So, okay.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
Okay, have a great day.
Boy, very interesting audience today.
They're all like, team, what's going on?
There's a big format.
There isn't any format change.
I have had no discussions with anybody in management.
They pay me to do a talk show, okay?
And they leave the content and the substance and the style up to me, okay?
Because it's the Neil Rogers show.
It's not the boy-gary show or the mic Disney show or any of that.
It's the Neil Rogers show, okay?
So how I choose to do it and what we do on a show is going to be up to me, okay?
And so whether we succeed or fail in part will be up to me, not based on somebody else's ingenuity,
of which you can't find much around here.
Anyway, 26-1.
And W-1, it doesn't take much engine to-
I'm alive, I've been alive, no one here to trust me, so why am I alive with you?
And I just had an interesting seminar with Melvin during the break there.
And he's telling me that I'm abandoning the ship.
Now, would you tell me what that means?
What does that mean?
I'm abandoning the ship?
Yeah, the Titanic.
I'm hopping off before it sinks, okay?
And I'm going to float based on my own thing.
Just like next door, they're floating with the coast.
And I hope they don't drop it.
Especially that big fat pig Johnny Dark, who was in here not once, twice, at least twice,
filling up plates and making a big fat pig out of himself and made a mess on the table
and has salad dressing just oozing all over the chairs in the floor.
He is a disgusting slob.
What was the good voice?
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Yes, how are you?
Oh, Jesus.
Is this the real orientation station?
Listen, Mel, you're doing just exactly what you do all the time.
Anyone who has listened to you over a period of time knows that every once in a while
when the wind blows the wrong way, the ship gets moved a little, you need to read,
you have to alter the course.
We make a little adjustment as we say in a carapractic business, we make a little adjustment.
Exactly, because the other way is to keep we adjusting deck chairs on a Titanic doesn't make sense.
You got to change the course.
Are you doing the right thing?
And you know what?
You're going to surprise all of us.
It's going to do whatever it's going to do.
You're going to beat it into shape and we're all looking forward to it.
Okay.
All right.
Well, that sounds pretty exciting beating it in the shape.
I think we all need to do that once in a while.
Exactly.
Have a great life, sir.
Okay, you too.
What is he talking about?
1239, 21 till 1 at W.I.
did, turned it one thing.
This show is going by fast like lightning, even though Melvin hates it.
The reason he hates it is because he said like about four or five people on the phone
who were over the age of 10 and it's like culture shock, he can't handle it.
How loud, Melvin!
Can I speak to that wonderful Neil?
Get used to it.
Miami.
Now, yeah.
What the hell is going on over there?
What does that mean, sir?
You're talking about your tone and this thing, you can't tone it down.
That's against the law.
Who used the word tone it down?
Who used that expression up until this very perspicacious call?
I did.
Who, yeah, you did.
So what does that mean?
I mean, you can't, how can you...
Oh, God, are you serious?
Am I serious about what?
Tone it and show it down.
You're serious.
See, there you go again.
I never said that.
You keep saying it.
Let me ask you a question.
Yeah.
Are you serious?
Yeah, I really am.
About toning it down?
Because I don't know where you got that.
Well, how can you...
Why don't you define for us what that means, toning it down?
No, that would mean getting rid of PP and half and people like that.
I don't know all the...
1240 at W.Y.
That was half, okay?
And I see as soon as he said it, it saved us a lot of time
and leave it to a jackass like that.
We got rid of him a long time back at Zeta, we got rid of him.
And he's still calling.
He's like a si-hersh.
No, I tap, I take it back.
Nobody is like si-hersh.
Here's a lady in plantation.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
I lost my nerve.
But I told to add my voice to the ladies who have congratulated you.
And tell Melvin that I'm 50, but I think 20.
Well, I'm 47, so it's not like you're an old lady compared to me.
We're like basically the same age.
Right.
And you know, it's all a matter of in your head anyway.
But the man from Lentana and the mobile whom you just spoke to,
both stole my thunder because I've been listening to you ever since you were on WNWS.
Oh, boy.
And you see a lot of these people who have been listening to you since Zeta,
they really don't know that side of you.
Exactly.
Yeah.
In addition, a lot of the people have only listened since I've been to IOD,
they haven't got the fogiest idea of what it is I do.
They've got any clue.
Absolutely.
And I don't blame you about real serious topics because you definitely would have to forgive me,
but you would have a stroke.
Yeah, you could do it easy in this place.
But you know, I mean, these young guys who probably can't pass their college exams,
they're going to be...
There's only one thing that most of them can pass and that's gas.
Well, maybe they'll still call if they can get in.
And I think your idea of making sort of a happy medium is really going to keep everybody happy
and I hope you.
Yeah.
Neil, I interrupted you, but see, I got my nerve back.
Well, that's good.
I just have to say, even though topics are bad,
I mean, for your emotional health,
if these people only knew how brilliant I have sat and listened to you mesmerized
when I was divorced in the 70s, I didn't have anything to do that listening to you.
And you're a brilliant and you're so gone funny without reading or without using any car journey things.
They don't know that.
Yeah, well, they don't know anything because they're Johnny come latelies.
Good luck.
Have fun your vacation.
Thanks, I will.
Bye-bye.
See you.
1242 at W.I.
Do you know what was wrong with her?
She was like my age.
Is that make her an old cry?
See Melvin, you're like, we need to get a more mature board up in here.
Somebody's about 90.
W.I.O.D.
Hey, I like to speak to Neil.
Sure, hold on.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Miami?
What is this?
Get by so.
Okay.
Let's go to, um, was that on the wrong line?
There's nobody there.
Here's a lady in Lake Worth.
Hello, Neil.
Hi.
How are you?
Great.
This is really wonderful to hear because I was getting ready to quit listening to the station.
Well, a lot of others who already have believe me.
Yeah, well, I don't really enjoy listening to people burp and tear.
I mean, I don't care.
They can do it if they want to, but that does that really make the radio show.
Exactly.
I mean, if it happens spontaneously and it's funny, that's one thing, but not for four hours.
Yeah.
I agree with you.
And there's some good stuff that you guys do, but this is my, oh, come on.
Not this kind of day again.
Yeah.
So I'm real happy to hear it.
Well, see, that's the problem.
You got like a bunch of like a couple hundred nineteen twenty-year-old pinheads out there who want to take over the whole radio station and turn it into like their own little circus.
Okay.
Where they can be wise guys and make little sounds and call each other.
In fact, yesterday Rick and Sons had these, and I can't believe that.
I mean, again, I'm not trying to interfere in their show, but they got these two guys, Eddie, and I forget who the other one is, and they had them on together back and forth with the one with the Ferrari.
And those guys have liked, they want to take over the whole show.
Well, I've all come up with a-
And I'll tell you, there's nothing worse than when the callers start taking over the program.
Believe me, I've been doing this a long time, and there's nothing more repetitive and more ponderous and more of a turn-off than that.
You're right, and I notice in it with Rick and Sons, where they could usually lay back and be mellow with it, they're starting to react to it.
And this is what these guys are wanting. They're wanting a reaction.
And you guys get off track of what you do that's excellent by these, you know, ridiculous stuff.
Yeah. Well, we need to talk to a more variety of people instead of people who just want to make sounds out of certain parts of their body.
Whatever part that happens to be.
Yeah, exactly.
Keep it up, you guys are wonderful. I'm glad this is coming around. I'll listen to you.
Okay.
Okay.
1245 at WIOD. Now, what is that? I see that you'll have to explain.
He puts a message on here. Nick called to comment on the show. Everything is just fine.
What-no, what does that mean? What does that mean? WIOD.
Yes, Neil.
Yes.
How you doing?
Okay.
Listen, buddy, I'm going out to San Francisco in a few weeks. Can I call you, collect from there?
Yes, sir, bud.
I'll give you a spy report on our good friend.
Oh, man, I can't wait to hear that. Can we hear him sing?
Yes, right.
Maybe you can tape some of his singing because I just can't make it through the day without hearing that.
Okay, and I'll call you, collect.
Okay.
Can I call on a bat line or something?
No, call on this line. The Palm Beach Sun's always open.
All right. Thanks.
Okay.
Have a 12 time.
Now, what is it? He likes it and tell everyone in the business to stop calling him.
Nick, Nick's on vacation this week. I'm surprised he's not up with the follower in J&O.
Is he not taking that job? Nick, what? He is taking the job?
See, I'm going to need him now because, and see, now that I like Nick, now he's leaving.
When Steve was here, we hated each other like poison. He may still hate me, I don't know.
But I like Nick. Nick is, okay, once he's away from Steve.
And he's also a very good producer. I mean, like he got Donny Osman in here.
I thought he was joking about that. Anybody you wanted in a world practically, he can get him.
It was amazing. So he really does a good job on it.
So don't jump to conclusions, Nick. We may need you around here desperately, okay?
Not anymore money, but the Hoonies money. Miami.
Neil, yeah.
Listen, 34 years old, I've been listening to you since you started down here.
Okay, I used to listen. I'll play out for our back. I go to with Talk Radio Miami.
I used to listen to a Luther Revin show.
Oh my God. Okay. He rest in peace.
And that's right. He was great. I used to love him.
He was a good guy. He really was. But anyway, I want to let Mel the listen to this.
I've been listening to you for years. I go way back talking Madeline Mario hair.
Casino gambling. You know, all the way back.
It's fantastic what you're going to do because all these people that have been listening to you.
They don't know what they're going to be. They're going to stay listening to you.
You know, I'm glad you mentioned Madeline or hair because I'll be honest.
I wouldn't mind having her on again. Hey, I just got burned out on it because you do so the same things over and over and over again.
But now it's like I've had a three year rest, okay?
But I think people like her need to be on again.
Absolutely. And I think these young people who listen to your show might really start to enjoy it.
When I was young, I started listening to you when I was in my 20s, early 20s.
I love the show. They listen to you all night when you want from eight to midnight.
The shows were fantastic. I couldn't turn it off.
Marvin, Marvin, when you stop sucking around, I mean Marvin is so, I don't know what his story is.
Let me ask you one question. One topic though. One thing you're not going to do.
Stay away from election coverage with your buddy.
Oh, my buddy, my former buddy.
See, I'm glad you mentioned it. Cohen by name.
It used to be a nice guy. I liked it like we were related.
I mean, we had a great friendship. And as soon as I stopped doing that boring monotonous talk,
he attacked me. He wrote this column. He writes in the candle ledger.
I remember you. And he ripped a crap out of me. I couldn't believe it.
Now, this is so typical of the people you meet in this town.
Fair weather friends.
Well, let me say it.
As soon as I couldn't put him on a ear anymore to make him into Mr. Little Celebrity,
I mean, to do his boring. He used to come on a kvetch.
Well, there would be all these, I mean, I had some fun with him, but my God,
he was his boring, his watching paint dry.
Well, the only thing that may happen to some of your producers may end up going into
becoming a talk show about it. You know what happened before.
But let me ask you, does that mean Stan is going to go back to topics too?
Have a nice day.
Listen, can I just say hello to Tom Domingo?
Stan is going to have to get a life. You know what I've got a life and Tom Domingo has a life.
He's a good man.
Okay. See ya.
1249 and WIOD.
And again, Randy and Stan, whatever they do here while I'm on vacation,
more power to him. I don't expect them to be serious or have it just have a good time.
Okay. You don't have to try to be a Neil Jr.
By the way, what happened to Randy? I don't see her today.
Boy, I, you talk about intimidation, man.
Now, seriously, she's a, I'm not going to say it.
She's a very nice person. I like her a lot.
I think she's going to have a lot of fun with the audience while I'm gone.
But I am not comfortable working with other people.
And I was thinking about that coming in this morning.
There's very few people that you hit it off with.
Now, say this for all of his backstabbing and all of his Glenn and I worked okay for a long time.
Till he got a gigantic ego, everything was fine.
Caprita worked with us great.
Bill Calderon, I, tremendous because we're good friends.
We have a mutual sense of humor.
We understand each other's humor.
We had some of the best times in I and Z after midnight when I would stick around on a show.
I mean really funny stuff, roaring on the floor, laughing stuff.
Okay. But it doesn't work with everybody.
Like, stand, stand a good friend of mine.
But when he's on this show here with me, it's like,
there's nothing there. Okay. There's no crossover.
So it just, it's just a certain chemistry that you either have it or you don't have it.
Like Rick and Puts.
It's a perfect matchup because one of them is an emotional basketball case and gets hysterical all the time.
And the other way is very level-minded, very calm, never gets flustered.
Or you're going to eat.
Okay.
But load.
Okay. Let's do a little spot here.
Rick Riley's in the building looking very surly.
Tendo on a clock at WI.
You're not going to let those guys on again today.
Are you? The guy with the Ferrari and the guy with the wedding or whatever the, oh man.
They're coming in live.
Oh good. I like that.
I'll stick around.
Toyota of Hollywood, Southeast largest.
Oh.
1255 at WI would be Rick Riley's in here giving me a little seminar.
Now wait a minute. Sean Bosky.
That's right.
It came to me during a break.
Yeah.
Did you see the game?
No, I didn't see the game, but I saw it in the paper today.
Oh, thank you.
I knew you were waiting. Also, one other thing I wanted to say.
Yes.
Have you noticed today since you made your announcement how many more women are calling you?
Yes, sir.
Dramatic.
Frightening, including someone to the age of 100.
Right.
Excellent.
And while all the calls have been good.
Yeah. I'm looking forward to more.
Right up until now.
Now, it's just a little joke.
Now, thanks a lot, Pat.
Okay.
See you.
1255 at WI would you see?
Mr. Smarty pants?
Now, what did Nick, I don't understand what the message from Nick was because naturally we
depend on Nick to take our direction here at WI would be, which is why we're on the bottom.
What was it?
He thinks I'm doing the right thing.
Is that it?
Or no.
He's the way they type in there, man.
I'm telling you.
W-Y-O-D, typing 101.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You want to speak to Neil?
Yeah.
Hold on.
He's happy because now he has something to do.
Okay.
Yeah. Don't let him leave us.
I'm telling you now we need him here.
Open his mic for just briefly.
Oh, it's up on the news.
Briefly the key.
Why is there such a...
Why have you got such a short cord?
What are you talking about?
What is it?
I'm just...
I just came in to spend some time with you to hold my hand.
To hold this.
Share my affirmations about how great the show has been today.
Now...
Now...
I thought Marvin was bad.
It's sucking around.
See, this is not like a big dramatic thing.
I mean, I'm making it into it because obviously there are going to be some changes that I'm going to make for
personal reasons because I feel I need to move in little...
But you're all reading.
So it affects me.
If you notice, I mean, you say you listen.
But the first hour is like your show, of our show.
And then they finally lose interest and we get going in our own direction from like three until six.
Boy, Gary came in and shook your hand.
Yeah.
I'm so...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Well, he didn't know why.
So don't worry about it.
Boy.
But now...
Am I...
Can I have guests now or can I?
When we had guests, you say, oh, guests, oh, we can't have guests.
Can you...
You're asking me for permission?
Well, our guest kind of dwindled away because it was like opening up.
Because you were having...
You were having tragic guests.
Right.
Now, don't let Nick start foisting on you.
Nick is great.
He is, but he can get anybody you want.
You don't have to accept the easy pickings like self-promoting penny Daniels from next door.
Those shows have been done in this market.
Oh, here's the TV anchor.
And I've had them.
I mean, I like hamburgers.
I mean, he's boring on a radio show.
What?
We land a different dimension.
They've never been on with us.
Right?
Are you listening to me?
You asked me a question.
I'm giving you the answer.
And now you're arguing as usual.
You're being the temperamental argumentative.
All right.
That everybody had that Ricky Rookie took you.
Exactly.
Are they doing their dine over there, aren't they?
I hope.
I mean, I don't know.
Let's call up Sigh Herschen.
Find out.
Here's a call in Lauderdale.
It could be Sigh right now.
Hey, Neil.
Hold on a second.
Okay.
Because I screwed up.
Are you there?
No.
Well, they weren't there.
You're in luck.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I don't think you're fooling me here.
Because I think, uh, sure, a sick guy to you.
Yeah, that's it.
I have to confess.
Sheriff Nick cannot come on my door three o'clock this morning.
He said, uh, straighten out or get out.
Yeah, I think you know.
Well, press your hand.
You got your speed now 75 or something.
Yeah, I must be.
Hang on a second.
I got some friends here that want to say, uh, that they're real sorry that you're changing your
ways.
Hang on, okay?
I'm changing my ways.
I didn't say that.
Thing.
What is it?
There you go.
Okay.
1259 and WID.
You will have a couple like that every day.
It will be just like all times.
Two o'clock, they'll be on, sir.
Uh, back at you.
Okay.
We have one open line in Broward, 524 load, 524 WID.
Okay.
I'm going to take a little breather here.
You know, uh, Charles who wanted to sit in on the show today and should know better because
Charles, we don't ever want you coming back brought a cigar down.
I haven't smoked a cigar since I had my stroke.
You look relaxed.
And I've been a stroke.
I mean, smoking this since, uh, since I was sat down.
How does one cigar last for four hours?
Was there as much food here last time as this time because it's like dawn and I didn't
know that.
I was just like, I was like, I was like, I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
you're in perfect health.
Unless you have a real bad one and you have some ktr
disability like the side of your face that you're feeling or
not.
People don't understand
Because you walk around.
In my case, I've lost a lot of weight
and they think you're in perfect health.
And it takes months as you know
to fully recovered from a stroke.
And these people don't understand that.
No, they don't.
I'm 35 right now and I was 31 when I had it and I never really fully recovered.
But people don't know by looking at me.
And you know, your vacation, the morons I heard yesterday saying that all the ratings
you shouldn't go.
Yeah.
I mean, I think they should go to hell.
They're gone.
They're on their way.
They're already in purgatory and on their way south.
Well, like I said, I've been listening to you for a long time since you started doing
when you were doing issues over on the other AM station.
And like you say, maybe a little variety will help.
I mean, but these morons...
Well, you haven't heard many of them today.
Like one or two slipped in there for about a half a second and that's it.
Oh, the call has been the best that I've heard in months.
In months.
In months.
Exactly.
So, well, just continue good health and have a nice vacation.
Thanks a lot.
I wasn't that nice.
It was nice.
And I'll agree with him.
I was listening to him.
You agree with him on what?
Now, this isn't going to alter what you and Stan do, is it?
Because I want you to stay a bit time.
I know I do it with me and Stan are doing it.
But what are you going to do Friday?
Because it's only today's already Wednesday.
Well, I'll figure that out on Friday.
Yeah, just go with the flow.
Do whatever you want.
I'll do whatever I want.
And don't pay any attention to him because he is ready to blow in a moment's notice.
He's like a ticking bomb.
He's really poor.
He's like a ticking time bomb.
And all you got to do is look at him cross-eyed and he starts getting red in the face.
Were you listening or something?
Sometimes I don't even say anything and people imagine I say things a few weeks ago.
Were you listening to the day that he lost it and Puts had to take over the show before
you got?
He got so emotional because some guy said he looked like a chipmunk or something stupid
thing like that.
And he just, he went nuts.
I did.
Oh, no, it was a guy who called about Steve or something like that.
And Steve is going to come back and are going to drive you off the era.
Yeah.
So what's wrong with that?
As long as you get paid.
I didn't eat it in the app.
Nothing's wrong with that.
Oh.
Anyway, here's a message from the Florida Bankruptcy Center for our friends at QAM.
And I do want to thank them from the bottom of my heart for these beautiful New York Met
socks.
This is class.
Because you keep that.
Now, it would have been nicer if the color wasn't like worn off of the number one.
But I understand the images tarnished a little bit.
So it kind of fits in.
OK.
But that's a heavy duty outfit when they send me over a pair of Met socks.
You know that they're all hard.
That's not worn off.
It's spit.
Yeah, we managed to shrink wrap it again.
Yeah.
On closer examination, you're right.
Yeah.
In fact, it looks like Jay had a lax in it.
How's Jay doing?
I said, I don't know.
I'm cool.
Right.
And he was having a party anyway.
If you're being harassed by got a topic by creditors, like I said, thank God for Rick
Riley.
Because the other one is so out of control.
If you're in danger of losing your home or car, it's a cross.
No, seriously, that's a cross between cauliflower and broccoli.
See, they don't want to piss off George Bush.
So they let water it down a little bit.
OK.
And he said, that's not so bad.
So what do you call it?
It's called the broccoli or cauliflower or something like that.
I don't know.
I'm not making that up.
It's from fresh veggie and we thank them again.
Yeah.
Not enough food.
It's duck, too.
Well, there was enough food, but Johnny Dark came in here.
Now if they time up and put them in the corner, here's a lady in Los Angeles on her
dime.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
I can't believe it.
Yeah.
Well, some of us aren't cheap, anyway.
What's going on?
Well, I wanted to call and thank you for my autographed Miami Miracles tenet that
my husband brought me out a week ago.
He went to see you at one of the games and he kept telling me he had this big surprise for
me.
It came and he brought me the pen.
Well, he probably told you that on your wedding night, too, but that's another story.
That was July 2.
Right.
But anyway, I was going to wait and call you next week when I got home, but I heard
you were going on vacation.
Yeah.
So anyway, I have it up on my mantle above my fireplace here.
And my roommates from Texas, and she's so funny, she's so straight.
We were sitting here telling her what your show was like and she just kept looking at
me with her mouthpaking open.
Yeah.
Well, they do bet in Texas a lot.
Yeah, they do.
They do.
But anyway, that's all I wanted to do was call and thank you and I can't wait to get
home in a couple of months to hear you.
You can't wait to get here?
Yeah.
Can you, well, have you been in LA?
Yeah.
It's no speaking English.
They got all those Chinese and Vietnamese signs up.
Well, it's not even those people that drive you crazy.
I mean, if you think it's mindless and for a lot of day, all you should be in LA.
Well, it's kind of laid back and laid out.
But the good thing about LA, you can't see anything because the smog is so thin.
Hey, that's my home.
It sucks.
It used to be great, but for me to be great.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Where are you?
In Playa del Rey.
Oh, that's a great place by the fire pits.
By the fire pits.
Brought and have a barbecue on the beach.
I heard they caught Bob Barker shooting pigeons in Playa del Rey.
Is that true?
She's right by LAX.
Oh, the big last.
Oh, that's a nice neighborhood.
Ooh.
No, it isn't.
It is.
You know where palace vertices?
Yeah.
That's where I grew up.
I went to the track at Hollywood Park, which is an Englewood.
Yeah.
And all they have, there are funeral parlors and cemetery.
And I write.
Yeah.
Man, that's inland.
She's where it's happening.
Yeah.
I'm a big eater.
Yeah.
So you can actually see other people?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, a lot of them.
Oh, Hollywood.
You can't see anything.
I'm serious.
You can't even see the Hollywood sign on the hill.
In Hollywood, I got a J-walking ticket the first week I was out here.
Have you ever heard of anybody getting a J-
Yes.
Oh, in LA.
You bet.
You bet.
But you have noticed that if you do step off the curb, the cars stop.
Well, this is happening.
Exactly.
And there are a lot of wise-ass people out there.
I don't want to say what kind of minority groups, but there's some minorities
that like to flex their muscle by daring you to drive on.
They stand on the curb.
And then as soon as you get near them, they step off on the street
and dare you not to stop.
That's right.
It's like a game.
You have to have that law here.
We've never moved.
The cars would never move.
People have to kill.
But everybody always says walk out.
Yeah.
Then we couldn't have the Kamikaze Strut that we do on the Miami Beach.
I love that.
On the holiday, on the beach, they wait till the signs says don't walk.
And then they get their cane or their walker and they march
staring straight ahead and dare you to hit them, hoping that you will.
In slow motion.
Yeah.
Well, they always tell you, yeah, go ahead and walk across the street.
The cars have stopped.
But I always think my luck I'll walk out.
There will be a tour for me.
Jersey or something.
You know, Latin.
We'll run down to her most of beach and have a great day.
Oh, I will.
Thanks.
Okay.
See you.
Why don't you blow her off?
117 in W.I.O.D.
She was getting a little boring.
Point and beach.
Yeah.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
This is Uncle Bill, the cup fan.
Yes, sir.
Bill, we did it.
We did it.
We won a game, Bill.
I'll put up a big billboard.
I'm, I'm, I'm parallel.
That Ivan Bosky or Sean Bosky or whatever energy you're doing.
He's a good Polish kid.
Meal, sir.
You're fucked the white house.
Listen, did you get my back yesterday?
About the ticket.
We'll be up there for the 10 game home stage.
Oh, yeah, I appreciate that.
But Disney and Company here, they get us our own special stage.
We get our own tickets.
We always get good seats.
Oh, you do.
Yeah.
All right.
We get that second row locked up.
I thought maybe if you were going to sit over at Murphy's Blacers and listen to it, watch it on TV.
Oh, I'm going to out.
Oh, no.
We get Primo seats over there.
We had a great time.
I don't know if we're going this year.
We might even win one of the games.
I doubt it, but it's possible.
I'm staying for all 10.
I just want you to know that Harry is in coherent, okay?
He is.
He last night.
I don't know what they're drinking in Montreal, but he lost it totally.
My mind totally.
My pot, see.
That'll do it every time.
Okay.
Okay.
Stay in the big city.
All right.
Whoa.
What do I, oh, my speed is a guard.
It's finally getting to me.
I haven't spoke one of these in weeks.
Can you hear it?
Yeah, I was.
Well, I don't.
Then?
But the car is brought all the way down from Fort London.
Was that an enlightening 
Patrick shot 30acol yesterday were the right side of Technical prophecy.
It's just for your watch out.
The comments on who's going to be back in series of games is siihen Prop cortar and
Well, the 's regroup.
Uh, well, we are going to tell you we live in here.
filling out all five of why heard that yeah so that just goes to show you how accurate they are
we all live and died by the same acts but i thought that was very light let me see this to you though
you can keep making excuses forever what did i just say but unless the numbers are there exactly
it's off to the um...
Florida bankruptcies we were up for a
margillity and by the way i don't want you to make the bill but you feel bad because you did well but
Alex didn't have a one no that was only for demonstration purposes if i did the
i was trying to have a look at the out there i think you don't want one
okay let me do it this way okay let me hear the three five all right a three three
okay already at a two-way three time so that's eight point four so let's see at six eight
so that means he could have had his loads of one eight the last month okay all right okay
all right so you guys had an eight seven two two nine times three is eight seven
okay that's how you do it believe me trust me so that would have been three three and one eight
is a five one that would mean you had a three six which would be phenomenal okay okay yeah
it was great that's what i'm saying for out because his best number dropped off and he left
it with his worst deal right you are gonna go off we didn't know nothing
i'm glad you have the confidence and i appreciate it you know the summer heat is here and if
your air conditioner is giving you any kind of problems like not cooling properly here's the answer
food fight they're going i'm telling you all we need is john volucian here they're going nuts
randy and uh what's his name i told you watch out for him at the drop of a head we'll turn on you
like a weasel like a chipmunk Miami Miami Flake chipmunk well let me ask you this yeah
water hills hello nil yes sir i'm going to chicago next week right going to see the cubs plates
all right that's the whole idea um i was listening to you this morning and uh here what you said
and i think you're right it does need a new direction oh man i know what i you're show doesn't
need a little bit of a new direction okay i thought you said something else no no no
the
work
might be
right
he
is the best
and uh... he does he does tend to get that but why is it all right not much
y'all that will be a bit of a big time but he's still great
i'm taking my girlfriend it's gonna be her first time going to a club game
great have you been there
i've been out grouping chicago
okay
um... the only thing i can say to you is i when you go there have a good time
and uh...
your show i think it's a great show i pick you up when you were on zeta in the
morning and um... i think there's room in your show for your humor which is
fantastic and uh... there's there's
place for topics there's a place for moronik
yeah i don't know if all those belchers and uh... pukeers in the afternoon
just a little bit
just a little bit to add a little little here and a little there but
um... i really think you're doing a whole the job there and uh... i like
rick and suds to and i now i find myself listening to mike in the morning so
great we needed but we're dying you get it turned down to somebody's
thing you start listening to the only people left and did county speaking
in glau so we can't afford to lose any of you
and you got that
okay you know what i guess that's about it may be okay and tell
that we hope he has a nice time
okay so you have that on the phone you know that don't you
what is he got money
who
that's what he's calling for he's got the guys ten million
wio dean
yeah
hello
yes sir
yeah i want to be to knew i cut off
okay yes you that same uh... schmuck wio
d
hello
okay watch
hello
hello
hello
yes yeah
i'm talking to you
yes sir
okay i just want to say hello to Charles out there
listen i know you've been um...
expressing your uh...
you say hello to somebody out there
now i could use the uh...
like you know as you want to use your ways to uh...
transmit a personal message which is against the fcc regulation sir
no no no i don't want to take you off anywhere
can't do it
okay i don't want to do for you
all right let's get to the crankpark
okay i just wanted to say i know you've been expressing your
disinterest with the quality of cars today
i know you have a seven second grace period can't you just cut out some of these people
yeah i like that
twenty seven after one at wio d it's very simple very quick
here's a all this ought to be good hello
x chronic here how are you okay
remember me mr. topical
yeah yeah
unfortunately
i'm pleased with that i've reformed i haven't called you in months
yeah but what happened there for a few days when you were like uh...
like a child
it's a problem
it's a chronic sickness you have to get here
so it's a disease
what's the same doctor that mr. radios going to go to
now anyhow i'm pleased with the uh... changes
just one leave
how do you know you're pleased with the changes we haven't done anything
why i heard what you're going to be doing what
get a little more serious yeah maybe
cutting out uh... you know you're putting out all these moron
like me
not i didn't say that you said it
you always call me names and stuff
well you deserved it
but i'm all right now
well you see it isn't just the topics but it's the problem you might want to go to the
thing you know what it is
with a handful of pinheads who just wanted to use the radio station
as a vehicle to make a guttural sounds that's what it was
like uh... johnny dark
the good example
classic
well Neil anyhow i just want to call him that you know i'm pleased
you know you overdid the nicknavoro thing a little bit too much less week i thought
are you out of your mind
are you nuts
you know what you know what
everything i said about you before
it's true
multiplied times ten
what
that you like to do it on
because he's on the other phone now once he gets on the other phone there's
it's pointless he not even listening
you have a good time now
no i'm asking his home icon that's the quote is on okay that was the funny
issue
what show when you were no is not the funny issue one of the funny it was okay
good show
which one are we talking about what you like to live crew nicknavoro
but you see the bottom line is the thing i did with playing the record
which was the clean up version of the record and trying to get everybody to
play in the car and roll a window down now see if we had the audience that i
used to have and had people who understood the whole point of it
something would happen but hey something i was i'm happy
something i heard the car
yeah but there was never any conversation about it in other words not
enough happened that it meant anything okay you follow what i'm saying
because when you're dealing with people whose IQ are smaller than their
waist size you got a problem that is a problem
and most of these young guys you got small waist
real small what what is that like with that look
well i think you're right would like some kind of a sexual overtone of that
there might be but that that isn't what i meant
although some of them bokeh
yes hello yes
let me see again are you in bokeh yes i am and i said hello and you said yes
and then there was like this it was a surprise to hear you
oh it was shocking almost a shocking as it is to hear you
maybe so but i think you did great job with the two live crew that was
terrific listen i'm not going to sit here and defend or debate every show that i
didn't first of all a guy that just called on the mobile that you're referring
to is such a jackass to begin with he is another one of these self-appointed
program directors would like to sit out there every day
and tell us what should we should do and what we did right what we did wrong and he
can blow it out his butt okay you're right yeah you can blow it right out his big
exhaust that's i wanted i'm trying to get in touch with that ej guy
yeah do you know how you stand 131 at wildi how do you like the call so far
i like the call is a lot of women are calling
yeah a lot of folks older older than us 12 for calling that's a good sign
people they can speak english and you understand it friday when you're here
there all the liches are going to be calling making a guttable sounds you
do understand that well i don't have them come up with new gutterals because
bill callers said to me last night boy on friday she just not going to be able to
handle that he didn't say that he didn't say it like but it sounds so good
i just like getting him in trouble because he deserves it uh
pom beach hey randy and neal how you all doing okay you know neal boy
i'm randy and neal she now i've even got like second billing i just want to
make this clear i can handle it we're not i'm not in here with these i know randy but we're
looking forward to hearing him for a day anyway thank you more than a day i
night i can't i can't be sure i just want the whole show that
that's that's that's that's that's that's that's my ex wife you know you want it you want
everything anyway neal you really really made me thirsty you mentioned that love
bots beer that is so great it's first of all it's not love bots it's a
bad it's a bad love bots a mod a mod a mod a mod a
yeah we're gonna learn bad at me right um i gotta tell you by the way we do have one
open line and brow and then one and bokeh i wouldn't want to let the guys down
to two you got a bunch of butt kissing listeners i'm telling you they like
your change when you haven't even changed
it's unbelievable you were attacking our wonderful audience it's just just
what you're doing sir you were trying to have a wonderful lovely audience that has this great
the butt kissing abilities i want you to tell you right they they all have noses that are so
brown that i know i think i think the bottom line is there a lot of people out there were getting
sick and tired of hearing the same cramp on the year as i was and they're just tickled and that
that it's not there even even for just one day they're relieved tell you're right what's
the many of us have followed you from your old night late night shows yeah i see my review mirror yeah
i gotta tell you that you know we just we're fans of yours those of us that are true blue fans i
want to anyway i want to be ponders i want to tell Jeff right or up in pompano that he's a
butt bag a butt bag see him and he's talking about the other colors 133 and wild that was out of
Palm Beach line i just mentioned that in passing you'll enjoy that line the most Miami hey nil
yeah it's Tony yeah Tony i'm proud to announce that my brother's an uncle and i'm a father
well congratulations Tony i'm not Monday see my wife gave birth to a baby girl okay and who's
was it i mean what's what's the name ilex andria there's great outstanding you losing any weight Tony
well already 15 pounds yeah and still you know i haven't been needing that much i've been nervous
a lot yeah you know through before like the last two weeks on my wife pregnant well this is your
first baby yeah my first grade now looks like your wife i hope yeah he's big seven point five
you know seven pounds like i said he's gonna look just like Tony she's long she was 20 inches long
i mean it's beautiful yeah 20 inches long i didn't know they measured babies they they measure
them by centimeters and then they cut it you know they cut it in half yeah that's only on the
daughter that she had when she walked in the hospital she had twins and they had to take another
sonogram and decide to see if it was twins or not because she had a big stomach she when i
married her she weighed on you supposed to send your wife in for the sonogram not you Tony
they she weighed 120 pounds and then when she gave birth she weighs 172 pounds
woo think woman yeah she gained a lot of weight well i tell you there must be a lot of rumbling
in that neighborhood I tell you that.
So my brother's uncle for the first time and he's happy, Ricky's happy like crazy.
Well he's always happy, he's always smiling a lot.
I'm not sure I know why but I think I have a good idea.
And I caught the fan I'm dead now.
Well congratulations Tony, you're okay in our book.
Keep up the diet please.
All right, now take it easy.
Good luck.
All right bye.
Wow nice.
135.
At WIOD I think Carter was right.
And now he loves you, he thinks you're just not.
I love him, he's marvelous too.
He still owes me a bagel by the way.
Does he?
Well I'm sure he'll be right over with it.
Okay.
Anyway speaking of food if you want a fabulous steak, did I ask you this the other day?
Randy was telling me a thing during the break about channel four.
Does it give you an idea of what slime bags they are?
They went over to Waxi yesterday morning or Monday.
Monday.
The tape Udels first morning on the year and I was that pathetic?
Is that embarrassing?
I mean he's about as exciting, he's about as much news as a snowflake in Utica in December.
They'll be there tomorrow, Utica.
Yeah.
Oh Greg.
No channel four.
And you have Chase.
Oh we can't mention his name, sir.
North Miami Beach.
How you doing, El?
Great.
You know I remember you from over at Zator when you started over there and you mentioned
something before about what they called chemistry and how you and Dave and the bird all clicked
at the same time.
Yeah.
But then what happened is you became like ward bond with the wagon trained.
Everybody jumped on your train to do the same exact thing.
Stand, stand a great guy.
I mean but when stance comes on at night and it's 9 o'clock at night and he says everybody
put your headlights on for me.
You know it's his he will cut it with audience.
He has a little pondress and he I mean he went on and on and playing your stuff and who
stuff and it was not spontaneous.
It's like that fell from Detroit Dick Burton.
Yeah.
That is like the call to somebody with repeating the phone number.
That's spontaneuity.
I mean that was not a spontaneuity.
That's spontaneous.
I'm sorry.
Oh.
I know there's a new word it made up.
Yeah.
But I like it.
I don't know.
But in other words it was spontaneous where you don't understand that's this market.
There are more ripoff artists and more unoriginal people in this market that you do have no talent.
They have no act like Johnny dark.
Well it's like listening to you a lot of times somebody will say something like you just
call me with that word spontaneous.
Okay.
And then you repeat something and it goes right over there like they don't understand
it.
Exactly.
Oh yes sir.
What were you saying?
Yeah.
And they have no they're totally oblivious.
And this is what I see like.
I would rather talk to people who have an IQ larger than their waist.
At least they can understand.
Well that's good.
That's a big improvement.
At least they can understand what I'm talking about.
We can have a little something as opposed just to people who can understand butt load
and douchebag.
That's not enough.
That's not enough to make a radio show.
There's no cross over it.
Do you remember how you said to one time that they accused you of everybody following
every word that you said.
If you told them to all jump like Jim they were.
Okay.
But that's what basically it's true to the fact that they'll get on the show in a douchebag.
Douchebag.
It becomes so ponderous with douchebag.
Yeah.
And then they would do that thing.
Remember when you had the lightning round the afternoon?
Do I ever?
Okay.
It was funny.
It was great for a while until they ruined it.
And that went on and then all of a sudden it was what they wanted four hours of that.
Yeah.
And see this is the same thing like with Rick and Suds.
Now they have a great show.
They really do.
They have court.
They have the report going right now.
They're hot right now.
But one of the problems that Rick has he doesn't know when to say when either with some
of the callers.
He had a woman call last week about she was being charged with a child neglect because
she was going to work.
They call this about 25 minutes.
And this is where they take over the show like a super day.
I don't know if you really know who the super day is.
Well I've seen him a couple times up at Pompo no he's a big fat young guy.
I was a big mom.
I was used to it for Y100.
I know that.
Back when.
He wanted to cup of coffee.
He'd go get the sweet low.
He was a gofer.
And he was also the kid that would sit there.
You know like when a comedian tells a joke and they go boom that's what he would do.
That was his entire job.
And nothing more.
And now he became a radio maven.
And that's just that's what the problem is.
He get everybody do it.
Well see I don't I don't understand why in this market we got like about a half a dozen
people who think that they have some God given right to come on every station on every
show and monopolize and call anytime they feel like it and butt in and open up a big
mouth and ramble on about stuff that nobody knows about nobody cares about.
Nobody would ever care about.
And that's the category he and his buddy Mr. Radio fall into.
I'm not interested in them or anything they have to talk about absolutely and this
is right.
And then if you don't put them on then they start with the crank calls and the abuse and
the crap.
They ought to both be behind bars somewhere and I'm not joking when I say that they're
the thing that he does.
Get a life.
Yeah.
You have to market and get a life.
Okay.
And it just goes on and on.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
No.
143.
What are you smoking about?
Nice call.
Getting that button?
No, I just dumped one thing out because there's something now they haven't informed you
about how they.
Well, they haven't.
You say oh, but they have said nothing.
See, that's one thing about this radio station and I don't want to go back because I'm going
to have vacation in a couple of days and I feel great.
But they bring people in here and they sit them down.
They tell them nothing.
No, they told me something.
Not much.
Not much.
I got a list.
No, I'm serious.
No, I am too.
And then they just turn them loose and they wait for you to do something that they don't
like or they don't want you to do.
Then they, oh, Jay, you should see that's not the way to run a radio station.
And I'm not saying that they have to play bush boss, but they should sit people down
and say, okay, here's where the lay of the land is and here are certain things to avoid.
We don't discuss.
You know, that was that was common sense.
That was that, but that situation I've known about for a while.
No, but I'm just saying they haven't done that.
And like Bennett and I thought he had a pretty crappy act, okay?
But even if he were good, he had no chance.
He had no chance.
He had no chance.
Exactly.
He had no chance.
And like these guys in the afternoon, they're active.
They're doing a great job.
Do you go, do you see any promotion?
Do you see any television spots?
Do you open up your newspaper?
Do you see a half a page ad on a radio TV page that says, Rick and SUDs, the hottest thing
in the afternoon since the sun shiner or anything?
Or channel four.
Not the year greeting and the show thing.
Okay.
So all these trends and all these numbers you see right here are a reflection of some of the most
pathetic, some of the most embarrassing lack of promotion and lack of ingenuity that I've ever been involved with.
Okay.
And I show up every day because they pay me a hell of a lot of money.
I mean an enormous amount of money.
Okay.
And I like that.
I understand.
What the hell did I just say?
I understand that.
Okay.
Yeah, I bet you do.
A crawlgables.
Neil, I've just been stuck.
Yeah.
Good for you.
A Fort Lauderdale.
Neil.
Yes.
How are you?
Okay.
It looked good.
Yeah.
Well, you know what a burn steak has left.
What?
When were you over the burn?
Hold on a second, I'll let you know.
What are you doing, Melvin?
Have you lost?
Are you lost?
I mean, I know you're not paying too much attention, which is unusual, but let's get serious.
West Palm Beach.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Things could be worth it.
I think Melvin thinks we're going to the WKAT, okay?
Now things could definitely be worth.
Leap dollar is asking people to call him and give him kisses over the phone.
He has a kiss-o-meter to rape them.
You have to be joking.
No, he wants a woman to call and a guy called.
Yeah.
And said, I'll give you kisses.
He says, you're kidding.
He says, no.
He says, will there be any tongue action?
And the guy says, what do you want?
Tons of hockey?
He's a sure one.
There's mine.
He loved it too.
He made the guy kiss him twice.
It was easy to do.
I'll bet.
It sounds like Lee.
Anything that's alive.
He's also out there panning for fudge as if he needs it.
Incredible.
Okay.
I thought that was bright.
I feel a lot better now.
All right.
Thanks.
Okay.
I hope Nick is still listening.
Okay.
That's what you're going to be up with.
If you go up there with Lee Fowler show, Nick, you think you've got problems here?
Why don't you keep doing that?
You have that look.
I was.
It's called smiling.
I know you're not...
No, it's not a smile.
That's a smirk.
Yeah.
Like a purse-lips.
Like you wanted to give Lee a little kiss yourself.
Yeah.
The raspberries were very tart.
I think raspberry has something to do with it.
Anyways.
What is he going to do?
Bill told him to get out.
No.
Bill McQuig, the Yahoo Texan, a board-op news guy who they made a talk host for a couple of
months here at IOD.
Rodger sits in here because Vineri runs his own board.
So Rodger sits near and answers the phone, plays the cards, does his little thing.
And Bill McQuig came in one morning, about 9.30.
The first morning he was doing his talk show from Dendritu.
And he says to Rodger, hey, what are you doing in here?
You got to get out of here.
I've got to get ready to do a show.
What did they do to get ready?
Whom McQuig?
He yodels.
Now this is a setup.
This is another California call on their dime.
There's no way in one day we get three calls from California.
Well, first of all, it would be a quarter.
And so conspiracy.
No, it's not.
I just wanted to see if you would wish my daddy, yeah.
It's a setup.
I wish you...
I don't want to know if you could wish my daddy a happy birthday today.
What is that? Like your sugar daddy?
No, his name is Brian Wilson. He's 48 years old today.
Yeah, sure.
He is!
You're not Brian Wilson, Jr.
Oh, I am big BW Jr.
I am your Beach Boy fan, dude.
Yeah, I know who it is, but don't try to say his daddy's name.
Well, no problem's already.
I refer to him.
He didn't get out of bed that often.
I'll tell you that.
I guess he's going to stay in bed, huh?
I refer to him as my god.
Yeah, I was evidently doing other things in there.
I would refer to him as my god, not my daddy.
But it is his birthday today, and I just want the world to say happy birthday, Brian Wilson.
We love you all. Randy, how you doing?
Fine.
Listen, I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
Great.
You are great on the radio, Neil.
You are the best. Don't get all depressed, buddy.
We are there with you.
Even if you hear him.
That's what I'm afraid of, yeah.
Even if you do end up on QAM on cool goals.
Yeah.
I'll be listening to you.
I know those oldies, man. I can do all the talk-ups.
That's why I keep in practice.
Take care.
Okay.
I see you.
One of your people.
W-I-O-D.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Great.
Hey, you sound great today.
How are you doing?
Oh, back at you.
Beautiful.
Oh, come on.
Hey, Randy.
This is G-Man.
G-Man.
Hey, how are you?
It doesn't sound like the G-Man.
This is the G I had a rough night.
I'm trying to lick my wounds from a high lie.
Excuse me?
We hit super effective three times.
Really?
Yeah.
For how much?
2400.
Oh, geez.
That's not bad.
Yeah, that's why I'm not working today.
Sounds like a real rough night to me.
By the way, I want to thank the people at the prestigious Vagabond magazine, the Vagabond,
for this big piece in here along with me and Anne Bishop.
Oh, geez.
Big picture then, huh?
Yeah.
Well, I'm bigger than she is.
No way.
She's bigger than Levy Ellis.
I know.
That too.
Okay, listen, G-Man.
Yeah, man.
Have a great life.
We love you, baby.
Plantation.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm so bored with life.
And all these people are calling and they've been telling you how they listen to you since
you were in Zeta and I have been in and out of town so I know Zeta.
But I got to tell you right about the promotion.
It's really bad because I've never even heard about talk radio.
And if it wasn't for my car being re-proved, I wouldn't be listening to Anne radio to begin with.
However, I'm glad I am listening to it because I got to the bomb.
I just bought for my friend Randy.
Is it the right phone?
Is it a church floor down?
In any case.
You bought a car for Randy?
From Randy.
My friend Randy, yeah.
You sold this guy a car?
I sold it for me.
He bought me a car.
He sold me his car.
And I should be depressed about it because they took my Shelby the bank.
I sent him the payments.
But that's another story.
The bank took your Shelby?
They took my money.
Easy car.
I found you guys.
I found you guys.
Really?
See it all worked out in the end.
What goes around?
Everyone's freaking out about the change of format.
I don't even know what the format is.
We don't either.
I can't.
And they don't either.
But it's fun.
I can't.
It worked because I found out I ran to work and I tried to put on the AM.
It doesn't go out of the row anymore.
We got a problem with that.
And I got a lot of fun.
The last week was great.
This week is, I don't know.
I got out the talkers driving me crazy with pink shoes.
I got conventions of Italians talking about the old pizza balls from 1940.
Did this man have a?
82.
Huh?
We said have a nice day.
Take it easy.
Okay.
Let's go to a Pemberpine.
Hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
Oh, God.
I'm glad to hear your back now.
Hey, Pasa.
I thought after you dumped the bird, you might go back to doing a real radio again.
I'm glad to see your head in there.
Well, we didn't want to do it right away.
It made him look bad, you know.
I remember the study morning shows you used to do on winds were hilarious with the catfish lady and all of them.
I don't think you're going to go back to that area.
But, uh, I'm going to call her though because amazing enough.
Did you hear that I got a letter from her today, which if I can find where I stuffed it, I've got her phone number now.
Great.
Yeah, seriously.
Jacksonville or something now?
She's in the back in hot springs, Arkansas.
How do you like that?
And her husband's retired.
And I got her phone number.
And so I'm going to call her on the air tomorrow.
How do you like that?
It was fun.
She was fun.
Yeah.
He didn't make guttural noises and she was not over the age of 100, but she was a fun person.
Yeah.
I haven't talked to you.
I got my mommy's vice jack as someone to thank you for getting a moral and to get it for me.
Yeah.
Good old moral.
How's he doing?
He's doing great.
Is he?
No, I don't know.
I'm thanking you for getting my jacket.
I did it.
Yeah.
That's how long this is.
I talked to you.
Incredible.
Well, those were the days.
And Melvin's doing his own show there.
He's no Kyle Eisley, but he's pretty good.
He's working on it.
That's right.
He's starting to hang out with people.
See you.
Okay.
Does that Chuck Meyer Jr.
by any chance?
Chuck and Chuck Jr.
Chuck brought his son.
Is going to pitch for the pirates tonight.
Are you also a pirate fan?
He is.
Well, listen, don't let it get to you.
I mean, just it was nice while it lasted.
Be prepared for the worst because it's going to happen.
But, you know, everybody likes a little bit.
A little taste of the glory.
Okay.
Congratulations.
It's been a great year.
Let's end it tomorrow.
That's what the Cubs are all saying.
Let's end it tomorrow.
We won.
Cubs win.
Cubs win.
We won last night.
How many?
He's got a good win.
Well, a two to one.
I mean, it was pretty shaky there in the last inning.
But we won.
And they took Don Zimmer off for rehab.
They pulled a metal plate out of his head and inspected it, put it back.
It's a very strange looking guy.
He's a great guy, though.
He is.
He's fun.
He's funny.
He's emotional like his eyes roll around.
In fact, they caught him in the dugout last night.
He must have known the camera was on.
And he was making these faces rolling his eyes around.
And they put it on the ear.
And he just cracked up.
It was great.
Hey, listen, it's like us.
We may not be killing the world, but we're having a good time.
That's a blast.
Right?
Right.
And taking a nice fat paycheck every Thursday.
Well, some of us.
Anyway, let's take one last call.
Hollywood.
Hey, I am calling to thank you.
You ran a spot earlier this hour for an air conditioning company.
Right.
So I gave him a bell.
And I mentioned your name because the deal just sounded a little...
I couldn't believe it.
Yeah.
So I gave him a call.
They sound like great people.
They're coming out to my house today to do an estimate.
They are.
And listen, Tom mentioned Tom Dennerberg's name.
And he'll treat you so good it'll be frightening.
I think they do it.
I think they do a hat trick if you mention his name.
They're exactly.
Even better than Frank Mahavallet.
They start walking around on their hands to figure out how big your house is.
Right.
But I'll let you know what happened.
Even Steve Iserman never saw a hat trick like that.
Good luck to you.
Thanks, Pat.
I have a good vacation if I don't talk to you.
Thanks a lot.
And bye-bye.
See you.
Now is that instant response?
Absolutely.
And the advertiser is smiling.
I'm sure.
Exactly.
And I am too, because it's time to go home.
Anyway, Randy will be here with us tomorrow hanging out and doing a little stuff.
And just getting ready, getting the lay of the land, the field of the crowd, so to speak.
Rick and Smut are coming along next.
They're going to really...
That Rick Riley, man.
He's in rehab right now.
They got him on the couch.
He's been...
He's struggling.
Those chipmunk cheeks are exploding.
Don't forget we got the G Michael McGaton.
I'd forstand at 8 o'clock and we'll see you tomorrow morning at 10.
