Okay, 25 after 10. I don't know what that card is. Who's is that says random sounds?
Maybe that's theirs who would let's start playing their material anyway look at those broward lines
524 W. I. O. D. and Broward and the Palm Beach is also open 655. Oh you gave out the numbers. Yes, I will
I learned my lesson yesterday
Anyway, the Cubs because it was a late game last night kicked that they were behind 4 to 1 against the Giants early
And then they came back and Dunston had a home run to put him ahead and they beat the Giants 7 to 4 and
The unlucky one is first game don't only got the win
Dawson had another home and the Sandberg had a home run and
The Metz by the way are now tied with the Cubs in last place
But the two teams are going in different directions the Metz the Cubs are now hitting and still getting good pitching and the Metz are
Incredible. Hojo threw another one away last night and Derek Lilliquis the Braves pitcher hit two home runs off
Rondarling not one but two and the Metz took the pipe again
Not at that idiot get fine for holding the ball while two runs scored. I don't know
I mean there's a big big things in a paper. I don't know if he's gonna get fined boneheads all the Broward
Look at that if you done this or is it me 524 are they working?
They're working
What is what is that what is that sound wait a minute?
Yeah, yes, they're working. It's a strange sound. Okay. Here's a breathless lady on the date County. Hello
I like to speak to Uncle Nail. Yes. Hi. I'm D. I just got down here from Maryland. You're what? My name is D
I'm a day D D right how you be D fine. How are you? I'm doing a lot better
I wanted to say I think you're great
We had Howard Stern and Maryland and we ran him off to New York. Yeah, he's pretty bad
Well, how it's got a crappy hairdo. You know, yeah, that's all the Broward lines. What was that just all nuts?
What was that? Cranks? I don't know. No, I'm asking Nick not you. How would you know?
Well, you never know. Yeah, so I wanted to ask you I just arrived here
And I'd like to know some nice places to go some people that were telling me not to go down to Holland
Don't be Toronto's not too bad
What is he now you're gonna be started again that the food I would like to will let call Rick and Puts yesterday about
How I'm so negative about the area and we know things are bad
We don't want to keep hearing it. Oh, it's great. Oh, anti-stand crate. Cranks for calling great. Well screw them. Okay. Oh my god
Screw them right? You can't even get a job down here unless you know Spanish exactly. I know
Come on Staddy. I don't know what over to Besa you get hired there in like 10 seconds. Oh where the bass
I that's like in her harbor. Oh, yeah, yeah, that's right
No English allowed. I love Baltimore. You do. I was gonna ask you what you think about the Orioles
You have to ask you don't know anything about sports. I don't know I start with the sports again
The okay, we don't want to get two sports intensive, but Besa it is like in her harbor
So if you enjoy in her harbor you should enjoy Besa I'd accept that it is predominantly Spanish by
Participating in so many sports. I'm not trying to get my picture on a weedie's box. I love sports good
So my dad was telling me not to go to Holland, no beach because you can't find any well
There's nobody under the age of a hundred over there. Is that right? Yeah, how old are you dear? Are you under a hundred?
Yeah, why did you come here? Did you you like it lost?
No, I went through a bad divorce. I thought I come down here. Oh, and really get depressed
Well, don't listen to the show because I'm depressing and I have a negative crappy attitude and
I'm just not positive, you know like people have worked for a week
Oh, I'm not thinking on them. They're good guys, but the audience man this audience wait till you hear these people
Oh, you're so much better than this one, but you're not as good as that one
And you know all these instant next words. I get one letter here from Dick Purton and Detroit this morning
And it means more than 500
Puts would be program directors out there in the audience who think they know the business who think they know anything
You know, I mean D you don't know what I'm talking about. Oh, yes, I do good. I work for attorneys in Maryland
I know about people well, we got some great attorneys here too. Yeah
I can tell the way the people drive down here. Yeah
Listen if you if you did that kind of work up there
You should have no problem down here. We have one attorney for every two people
Mm-hmm. That's all right. Yeah, yeah, but it's yeah, and even the attorneys most tomorrow over the age of 200
And the attorneys have attorneys. They practice old-wall. Are they called condo law? Yeah, blue hair is condo commandos
Yeah, dirt bags. Yeah, well listen to you have a great day. Keep in touch. It's great. Have any with us
You too don't get depressed. I will because life is great. Oh, it's a party town
You got it. It's better than the alternative right? Yes, okay. Thank you. Have a great day
You too. What a nice lady. What's she doing here? 10 30 at W. I. D. We're picking up a little steam now
What the hell was that anti-stand hate Frank? What the hell was that?
What a hell is wrong with these people? Yeah, put them on the guy that called in when I was on
Rick and post wasn't one though. It was like a ball like to a great you like poison. Yeah W. I. O. D
They're writing gotta go get him on probably Joe's a gank. You know, he's afraid
Hey, Neil you got this sidekick this. Yeah, who that Bertu you. Yes, sir
Funny, that was the call. I was it good ones W. I. O. D. Oh, okay. Where were you bring it about boy? What is that?
Karin Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Thank God eight minutes 40 cents. How much is that 320?
There are bouts I can afford it. Listen my idea. Listen. I don't don't don't miss
the thing. I'm not sure if you can screw this, but I wasn't born yesterday, but are you there? Yes, my son is still on all right.
My son who is 11. We're watching the basketball game on TNT last night and right around 930.
They came on with these commercials 976 Lisa 976 Gina. My son says that can I call him?
What are I telling? What do you tell the kid? Tell him yes and then when he gets you know, it gets the connection.
Grab the phone away. So what it is. No, that's not my name is something good. You know, this is how old is your son like 26.
Oh, he's 11. Oh, so what's wrong with that? Well, first of all these girls come out in these provocative bathing suits are either sitting by the car or by the hot tub or by the pool.
You know, and there's luxury. So what do you tell your kids about what? What the hell is wrong with that?
Well, I think he says, you know, why why can't I call him dad? And I said you don't want to talk to these girls.
They're not that's what you think look under his bed. Okay look under his. Hey, where were those girls back when we were growing up right?
Well, I don't care. Oh, yeah. Well, listen, have a great day, sir. We should all have your private. That was TNT. Now, why does Ted Turner have to put those on?
Well, times your time. He's got to get more money to buy CBS. I saw him out on the corner of this can and 79 coming to work.
So those girls were all in high school with us. Stanley. How are you? I'm fine. Good. How's the wife and the kid great?
You want one? Your kid to see those commercials. Would you? I don't care. And they're going to say dad. What is this about?
Say goodbye. Say goodbye. All right. Okay. Oh, is that pouring 1033 at W I O D. We have an open line at date 751 Stan and one in the
morning. We have to the 788 W I would do. Don't pay any attention to him. What we have to discuss Madonna's appearance on our
son of your house. I just threw in the waistbands could ride your left that clip. I don't care. Madonna is a in fact that song we played shower in
the beginning. That you have to know what they are. Please, but Jesus, please. I can know you don't like him, but you got to hear what they were
talking about. Was it still thing? Yes. Well, of course, absolutely. The filthiest interview I've ever seen on television. Really? Yep. Well, I wish we had a tape.
Okay. It's 1033 at W I O D. If you're fat, if you're just the fat is just bulging off your disgusting road test ugly 1037. That's got to be their card. Isn't it? At W I O D. Now you're going to talk about there. There's a singular card. Madonna. Come on. Don't start ripping them even though you hate them like poison. Madonna and our sinew. But first on the facts machine. I don't know what paper this is out of, but there's a letter a hysterical hostile letter from a lady from St. Martin in the Netherlands.
And until he's about how she came to visit. Boka, how the hell she chose Boka? I have no idea about the people sucked and people with such close minds and mistrusting and psychotic. See, it's just me. I'm just a bad guy. I mean, here's a lady came here for the first time. She's 34 years old. I don't know.
I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to talk about that. I'm not going to
talk about that. I've got to tell you something very fascinating about this because when Neil was smoking a couple of years ago. He used to go- What do you mean a couple of years ago? He used to go into the tender box at the Broward Mall occasionally. It disappeared. Now, the tender box at Bocatown Center is going to disappear. Guess what? There both. Both malls are co-managed. Isn't that interesting? It's a big thing. Did you see in the paper the other day about how Bocatown Center might be squeezing out a lot of the money. It's a big thing.
merchants that's right there's something like twenty or twenty five or so that
will be leaving they said they uh... they just don't fit the image of what
they want their little a pure they don't want smokers in there maybe they don't
want smokers money in those stores there either uh... so if you smoke maybe
should stay away from those joints
who knows
that's a guard by the way really okay thanks a lot haha
who twenty one to eleven w i would you have been smoking them lately you
smoke
i do smell it but it doesn't bother me but it's just the rank i don't know
how you smoke those man those are good renters who are like
elephant suppositories
rose
are you in a barrel rose no i'm in a bad phone and that home with lea were both
well don't start with lea again roses to be the shortest call in the history
and i like you a lot and rickie although i don't hear from him anymore
all those pinheds man i'm history now you know all dead meat
it's exactly what you said before he's busy with his other things
all of that uh... well you can only do it so many times a daily
or really uh... rose whatever you're thinking about it you think so yeah
i'm calling the time home say he's got a spare
with lea and and you have to stand on and i think you wouldn't get upset
because uh... i know i've been calling but your call yesterday was the useless
i mean you can try to put the little the torque on the air and she's got nothing to say
well he sometimes he does and sometimes people have put their little kids on
your like errand you know the errand was okay for about two seconds and i was
that i notice he hasn't been calling a spot there has been calling
they didn't send me a card they didn't wish me well
well it's just that she was listening and she said she would talk and then she
didn't you know how that goes yeah
but uh... you know you have to know that i want to say hi
hi rose
uh... i i was i wanted to uh... play a tape of done johnson when he called you
uh... but i don't have my tape player so that good that that makes niels day
that really makes niels day whatever happened to dot
great personality nice guy right wonderful
my buddy
slime bag
and the other side he and my donnishu to gun marry they would have been a match made in heaven
before you go to do one short thing for me
what that
just say
freeze major my any vice your under arrest
absolutely i'm not going to do that
ice
if they start playing that car then i'm going to get upset
they play anything they want i told them that yesterday but don't play that
i can help it was a great day
everybody was you know like
on edge anticipating dawn to call because you have what's the face in there
michael talbot yeah
whatever happened to him
he hasn't worked a day since he left my ammy
is that right i don't think so
okay you have a daughter don't you think
uh... stepdaughter
all right
yeah
that little baby boy
all
that's great
yeah he is great how can we don't ask about my dogs rose what i want to ask you
how's the wife and how's the kid
how's the backyard
and oh
i love wonderful family man but put up that stoke it'll kill you
i wanted to ask you about that what
uh...
you don't inhale cigars and get into your lungs and cause all that mung
to coagulate and uh... accumulate
it doesn't get in there
exactly
like a lot of other things
well how are you dog
my dogs are wonderful
well good
right
my big dog thinks he's an elephant
he looks like it
no i don't mean that when he squats down he thinks he's an elephant
oh god you've never seen anything like that
does it show in the backyard?
yes
my backyard is a minefield
you have to put on your hip boots almost like listening to the reneerie show you
have to put on your knee boots
only a joke my tongue is sensitive now let's start picking on him okay
how come i've been here a long time we never pick on him
nobody ever picks on it
well it's because he minds his own business and he's smart enough to stay out
everybody's way
he's doing his own thing
exactly
what is it
look like crap
that what
how does your point
my what
well the guy i'm not talking about forget it we're not getting any of that
anymore okay
we don't we do not discuss any of that kind of business on the air
no don't have to be sorry but i just no better everything is under control
everything's going great i don't want to prompt anymore
history i don't want to start anymore crappy either you know you said
you know we have enough
you say if if the shoe fits where it and i understand that but you have a
kind of
she saying she was going to talk to you to go well too late too late honey you
missed your big chance yesterday okay
all
like ill marshal he was going to say something once to it and that was it
and look who he stuck with now
the country say one little thing
yeah like goodbye
you want to say goodbye
no she's pissed now okay
well tell her up hers
oh well tell her to call that other guys eleven-year-old son they can have a
great conversation exchange phone numbers
okay yeah
have a great day rose
by or she sounded a little depressed
that's too bad i can't handle those little kids at the make good or all sounds
ten forty four we have one open line and day one in voka we're going to really
pop these calls because stands come in today in the audience's
psychotic what what you know you keep saying what the hell do you want and that
should be on all the billboards it should be
wherever they are i haven't seen one yet and from what i understand i see
a rnarius on uh... five thirty five
is it any good no that's terrible but they should say what the hell do you
want
w i would be just a pictures you know the various douchebags
because god they don't know you people really don't have any idea what you want
they brought you uh... caviar and filet minion on a plate you'd say wow where's
the asparagus that's it's just it's true it's just amazing
my amie
if you know how depressing i am hello
gone well up yours to okay and liars
two open lines in date seven five one w i o d one in voka two seven eight
w i o d
a combination of rose and stand major i i'm i'm i turned on
combination of what that rose that brought that he
calls every day yeah oh definitely sucks to think well let me ask you a
question speaking of sucking the big one like this call let me ask you a
question yeah if you didn't enjoy what you're listening to why did you change
a dial why do you have you well that's great no i don't want to listen but
why do you feel compelled to tell us well i
uh... if i if i'm watching or listening to something i don't find it interesting or i don't like it
what i do i switch the channel because it's it's annoying that's why you don't have to listen to it
it's just like somebody got to have you would take a hostage if somebody got a gun to your dead head
if somebody got a gun to your head somebody forcing you to listen to the other guy you hear what
what they were here what lightest in the other there where somebody doesn't agree with
so what about it so senator letter okay ten forty six at w i o d point and be chill oh
i had a vision last night that that was on the book aligned by the way oh that gcr is going to
get rid of those two guys in the morning and you're going to take over the morning show on gtr
no thanks we got enough problems finding an audience here we don't need to go over there
all right i think we're still in the plus column i think that um
that you'd completely turn around that after market and yeah i mean the morning shows are just
so terminal right now it's unbelievable yeah well good luck to you sir all right see you
i think there's others talking about that one about what about uh how come if uh cocks broadcasting
with is so smart they will wait a minute wait a minute whoever said that no i was thinking of
house broadcasting if i was in charge if i was in charge i'd have you doing the morning show
i mean if you're in charge you can't even get a show tonight you're on like once every two weeks
and now you're in charge no i would do what i'd have you doing the morning show on gtr so fast
they would know well they're going to like that they already hate me like poison herman
and maquines so they're going to really like oh now he's out for our show you know well i am okay
i wasn't telling their fail their fail their fail their fail their failure was just a little more
he's not too keen on that either he don't like that what for you to be against now he isn't going
to be happy about that he did fine when you were on say to now i beat him once he did fine now he
you're right he did well nothing affects renery his only make any difference his audience is like in
trend they're there most of mar too that's what it changed the dial it's just a little joke don't get
the sensitive now he doesn't care nothing faces him he's like he just comes in he's oblivious
i think his brains are like pickled anyway it's 1047 at wio d can we talk to you about oh yeah
1051 at wio d so what about that mike and i go over to gtr in the morning would that be okay he
don't care he doesn't care about anything as long as the check comes every week he don't give a
damn about anything i don't blame you uh hum beech i heard Alan thinklson is going to be doing the
morning show at gtr that true Alan and michael thinklson is called the gambling gambling for desperation
how much of me the greek is it true you're going to gtr it's not important that your friends win at
the track it's important that you give him a stroke just a joke Alan don't take it personally
but stay away from me okay is it true that i'm what you going to gtr for the morning show
yeah i'm gonna watch i'm gonna be part of their live studio audience see if they're really
as surly on the earth as they treat me off the earth they're like a nasty guy's they really are
everybody thinks hey they're a lot of fun they suck they're no fun they suck let's start ripping
them now okay rippam rippam rippam rippam rippam rippam rippam rippam rippam rippam rippam
okay see you see that's what our audience wants they're into that so don't call up it
i used to press and you know i'm not you love it your masochist i fit right into the market
when i came here i was you know mellow you are the market that's right i am the market okay people
i'm on the air no one else needs to be on the air dummy okay i mean south florida gets its
movement all the dark sucking around i can't get you anymore hours let's go to my amy hello
hello hi hi this is kathy on the nurse who called us a couple weeks ago hi kathy how are you
how are you doing thank you for the call kathy you picked him in the push you know it's really
funny that everybody keeps saying that i don't want to i don't want to take away any credit because
you were very observant but the fact that i went to the hospital had nothing to do with your call
i don't want you to feel bad but i mean i don't feel bad i'm glad i'm glad that you know that but
it's like everybody says boy thank goodness that nurse called you and warned you and you're you
know it was a nice call but that had nothing to do with it that's fine now i know that because
i was stupid there was something wrong no yeah and i was stupid and i thought well i'll go
home and lay down for a while i feel better and i didn't and then i said well there is something
wrong and i'm going i'm just i was very concerned and i i felt i had a problem well i'm doing
real well and of course there's some people in the other that's another thing that ticked me off
when i was listening yesterday here i had a stroke less than a month ago okay and i'm not looking
for sympathy but the point is a stroke is not like having a migraine headache as you know it's a
serious blow to the to your system and your body you you have no energy and it takes a long time
to get back to where you were and these people think like well i sit here and i'm going to go
through hell on a year and in the building and people are going nuts and i'm just going to be
oblivious i can't do it i'm not Superman i'm a human being and a lot of these people all they know
is a radio show well life is more than just a radio show right it helps most important man you bet
i'm not going to kill myself for a bunch of slime balls out there who think i'm you know i'm
supposed to be here to keep them in a good mood all day like you made a remarkable recovery sound
yeah well i'm doing real good today i feel a little flush you know i don't know what that is
that flush feeling in the face maybe the tidie bullman knows but that's because the cubs one last
yeah that must be it oh it sounds like you're taking care of yourself and uh change in your
lifestyle a little bit i'm trying i'm not eating anything that is not my diet and i'm sticking
out you know the only other thing i'm going to get on my exercise by today i was a real another
stupid thing i did i kept trying to do two three minutes at a time on it and i would be like
ready to pass out and then my friend day was over yesterday and he got he's looked at the thing
he said you got this thing tightened as tight as it'll go i wasn't even thinking about that you
know every exercise bike has got a looser or tighter thing you know and so we loosened it up and
now it's a snap you know so i guess even hercules couldn't have done three minutes on that bike
well i'm glad you doing better Neil yeah i'm doing real good and welcome back thanks a lot Kathy
okay you take care bye bye 10 54 at w-i-o-d oh now see we're getting close to the news here's that
syndrome again oh yeah that we have three open lines this is another part of the new routine i
mentioned this about i know four or five months ago they started it and did you do that at night
while it just shows you that we're not as important in their lives as we used to be used to be they
would hang on forever you remember those days i'm sure you do it wins when we really when we had
an audience and we'd come in and like two minutes before my show the news was on so there nobody
in the studio two minutes till 10 all the lines would start flashing you didn't have to even be
on the air much less give the numbers out and then you'd come on at two and it would start again
like right after the news they all died hang it on huh it died it too no all right it died because
you suck ah seriously i'm telling you and that lasted for i don't know two three months something
like that but those were the days boy i mean those people would have held on for three hours
because they just were into it now it's like you people start taking stuff or granted and one day
you wake up and somebody's gone you know i will say this afternoon draw no more studio audience
and you know you start taking people for granted afternoon draw no more new draws in here running
around shaking their boobs you know that's what happens when you take things for granted you mean
a rick and suds aren't into that i don't know what they're into they just i don't know
there why is that to be suspicious those two spend a lot of time together during the
joined at the hip now what were you going to say just that the phone syndrome and after
it's starting especially about three thirty four four thirty four i have to drive you to know i
would never do afternoon driving and i wouldn't do it for all of money well from for it would
have to be a lot more money i'll tell you that because i don't like it i hate it and when you get
into that period of time your time they're going to have to get used to that four thirty to six
boy people don't have a lot of time to hang on no that was the thing that made me at zeta is that
people would hold on in the morning yeah but of course that most of our people were like dead
beat but you didn't do you didn't have traffic and news interruptions you didn't have sports stuff
and now that's true you basically did you're a thing without an option you had lots of
interruptions on say the only interrupt on we had is when boulder would come in and get all
been out of shape i would you hear that he called me the other day yeah you told shocking yeah
may not a nice guy right and i was god if he was not i have said this many times if he wasn't in
the business or if he had never worked for godgan at broadcasting he'd be a great guy i
was right his car from his wife is a really nice person and i really it's part of all things i
say i like him he's a nice guy but the business has turned him into another like you know wacko
mobile hello hi how you doing hi i'm a first time caller rain yes oh hi Neil how you doing
fans started to talk about uh Madonna yeah oh that's right yeah and he didn't finish okay why are
you madonna fan uh no but i wanted to hear about what happened and then you see the interview last
night oh oh yeah okay everybody at capel marker was their douchebag okay and so is my husband okay
okay bye thank you boy there was a profound call on the mobile phone now what was it that happened
they were doing all this dirty stuff it was filthy it was just downright filthy i mean from the
minute she came on the stage well she's filthy she i know i know she needs like a sponge band but
but you would feel that you know how just couldn't control it and uh and he got involved in it you
know and he you know how you the way you word things and the way you ask the questions and stuff
like that you can go in any direction you want to go he was encouraging well of course sure sure
and uh it was great that thing to say yeah he's got it on tape and he'll be watching it again when
he gets home okay we got two lines open and brow or they don't like you and brow or day loves you
and but brow or mad i have never seen such a resistance in my life and in three cranks and a roller
five two four w i o d stand is here today because he would like somebody to remember who the
hell he is that's it will be on the air by the way tomorrow night they got all those crappy
Yankee games on that nobody most of next week will be on the air well maybe bucky dental get fired
real soon then we'll have a little a little rush of excitement there you know for about a week
to lay loose five more you know they really stink they got beaten again yesterday anyway the cubs
look real good now they had 15 hits last night i the reason i'm mentioning a little more about this
is because it was a late game it was not on the sun sent and will probably not in a herald and
a one seven to four and the lucky he did have one bad ending but he got the win finally and
michael you look good again they brought it austin maca was good and lang cast and any brought a guy
named long i have no idea who he is who pitched the eighth inning and he looked good
so the pitching is good the hitting is coming back to hawk is going nuts and uh you know
sandberg always slumps in april and he was just dying in april yesterday was the first of may
he went four for four he had double home run in two singles just changed the calendar on that guy
and he was he was a magazine thing that did it Henry barrel is standing by with the eleventh
o'clock wio d news we're going to dig down deep and bring out some of those great stories that
uplift you and then we'll come back at eleven o'clock five stand all hang around and uh try
desperately to find an audience and rick and putts at two this afternoon the makers of purier
bottled spring water would like to take this opportunity to apologize for any inconvenience we've
caused our customers and do we show you that the problem has been identified and corrected the problem
was never the water purier spring water remains as pure as it has been for hundreds of years nor
was the problem with our filtration system the problem wasn't even the benzene which is actually
kind of tasty once you get used to it the problem was bob bob is our maintenance man and bob
has a bladder control problem if we've known this we've never let him work anywhere near the spring
but we're happy to announce that bob's medical treatment seems to be working soon bob will be back
to work and purier will be back on your grocery shelves purier and bob working together to make
water the way nature intended boy if i want to steve's guests is excited to hear that it's eleven
o'clock wio d can i ask are they buying time on the station they are oh thank god for that okay wio d
hello you got the cord wrapped around your thing hello yeah
yes i hope for me what is it like a crank call hello is this a crank call sir
no i just shut the radio okay thank you hello
yeah okay eleven o'clock wio d i like answering some of those myself because you can just i mean
you have to be a moron not to know that they're uh cranks right melvin melvin's under the weather
today's not here so don't pick on him i think you ought to go screenless brick yeah up your
is rick and puss today yeah let's bring back the lightning round for four hours yeah like
this little us twelve year old brain twenty year old you want to you know say crap on the air for ten
minutes what happened to the nuts landings today on rick and spuds and tomorrow wwf wrestling
picking a page out of the steve cane songbook what happened to what the wio d in Palm Beach
still yes yes quick is this a crank call all right i'm calling from north cube i'm making a
long this is called the Palm Beach well how about that hey pasa on the mime line i know a little but
the only thing i know okay i ask you a question did sir yeah can i ask you a question
sure did you hear rick puss a rick and puss yesterday at all rick puss and the douche bag
not really i tried because i was just curious oh well nicoid no did the rick sanchez show up
yes i did he talked about Cuba yeah no but just a little bit good good good i hope they side
track we're sick and tired of hearing about it already rick i agree you know it's gonna happen
though get off the banana boat already where when the big guy leaves a lot of people might be going
back right well listen if they don't like it here we'll pack him sandwiches okay we'll get a
midnight specials maybe a no-j why can't you get pp to do promos for you wouldn't that add
something to the show yeah sure would probably get the band in Boston yeah it's something to think
about he called to you and back he called today was the first call he was the first call it was
incredible god people were on the floor they were still was almost as good as roses call what do you
talk about what is what is it killing us she's shy love rose not lia lia is okay but she's got to
grow up what what do you talk about what do you mean what did he talk about he talked about dropping
his soap and taking a shower i don't know what tell you he's talking that one that's about whatever
he talks about it's always the same and that yeah he's got a one track mine he's not mind
can we get the best of pp or something like that the best of pp well i got to check that out first
okay have a great day see i shouldn't have said that that was awful one oh wait yeah that shows
i'm starting to feel better you've got the aerobics terrible not on the spn that she's okay i didn't
say she's from the waist up she's not bad i didn't say she's beautiful but for she's got this
gold lamey bathing outfit on but for all the waist down she has thighs the size of Massachusetts okay
if you took the state of Massachusetts and stood it on the cape uh it looks like her legs man
she has got thigh while i guess some guys like that you know they like getting locked in for life
here's a call for stand stand what it boomer don't buy a hot water okay boomer thank you oh god now we know
why he's a nice guy yeah okay wait don't take any more calls for stand i mean if they want to call
to stand it's kind of like a saying he's not here to do a show you're gonna do the same thing
nick did uh when i made my first appearance on kane show telling him not to take any calls for me
i remember that well nick was trying to try to sandbag you that's all but that seems to be the
big thing in this building now we have all these people like joey like a falter hovering around
looking for somebody else's job rick and putst did the same thing in bingo they wind up in the
afternoon and uh just seems to be an epidemic and now i'm getting accused of of jones in for uh
herman and mcQueen well they would never even thought about a man yeah they would be great in
the the moan i'm not going to start ripping them because they're very sensitive they got no
sense of humor everybody thinks they're so funny they have no sense of humor you say anything about
them oh they're giving you dirty looks in the hall the needle or sucks and all you know just a radio
show okay i can't help it if you guys got a one eight oh excuse me here's a mobile and boca
which is gone yeah that lady june in san martin you're right those people in boca suck
candle hello yes
yeah and the same to you uh my amy hello hello yes sir yes oh hey what's going on i've got a
Brian spire report for you Brian who well you know you know your buddy don jr yeah i heard you may
like him more than you think why he's pretty nice guy i hear he is a nice guy listen i hear
well wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute now let's slow down a little bit what the hell is
that supposed to mean he's just a fairly nice guy so i heard as a new guy taking over Stan
slot who is he talking about then teacher DJ Brian you're nuts but i heard as a new guy taking
over Stan spot you know what i hear i hear i hear this is a real short call you know you i
do you know i know you know i know you know you know you know if we could pull that number up
gee can you imagine what the station would look like that yeah well pull this it's 11 after 11
we got an open line in date at seven five one nine four six three you do bring them on i've been
the back for seven days this is the eighth day i've had almost no nuts so to speak and you're just
still they all come out you attract them like flies to a see that lead article on the top of
our nr there about the commission well at threatening simul cast no it's to do away with simul cast
and on a m think about that think about what think about the uh the ramifications of that
for people like q a m and kiss where they simul cast a lot of their stuff they do go on who says
q a m simul cast i don't think they do yeah they pick up a well they pick up a satellite service i
don't know whether it's uh simul cast or not but uh for those people there a m stations all across
the country and i think it's a ripoff i think simul casting should be banned it's just a little
that's what they're working on good well i like that commission man they got their stuff together
and up there is the word is even if they are a bunch of fashions pigs the word is that
kf i may end up simul casting coast because coast is number one i thought you just told me that like
you just signed a contract with them well yeah you know how this company is with contract
well like i said round the nights at the ankyzarn plane were going to be picking up the best of
last year's games it's 11 13 at w i o d and we'll be right back
that's not when it comes to sports remember this
bow nose baseball
bow nose football
bow nose basketball
there's no denying it bow jackson knows his balls
okay 11 16 at w i o d that was all stand is doing let's take a quick now let's get this lady on
who sounds upset she's gone see what now if they're upset why the hell won't they come on a year
okay what are you people upset about there's nothing here nothing this morning that you'd have
anybody upset maybe roses call i shouldn't say she should become sensitive you know but no seriously
nothing there'd been anything depressing there hasn't been anything uh what was the other word
i'm here no no what was the other word i'll be besides depressing negative there and
been anything negative everything has been great everything has been positive it says something
about bokeh oh yeah well i was just reading the letter and it happens to be true and bokeh
and pombi char both open okay as usual because i know leaf honors got a big signing show today he
had uh i think uh Reverend pull us on yesterday didn't they oh i love that Lee man if he isn't
stealing somebody else's materially stealing their guests what a slime bag mobile
dad good morning you should be doing the kazaki today four justiko who's gone oh right let's have
a party that make your day oh god boy they finally wise up hey yeah an answer to you or other question
that you asked a few minutes ago the guy they got the picture long who is he he's a guy's been hanging
around with the white socks on and off for about three years what is his name truck truck long bill
on bill like i said bill long and he looked okay yeah he pitched a good ending he had one base runner no
problem well long as a short band and then uh micha Williams came in long as really it was really
a starter to begin with and micha Williams came in got a sixth save now they look uh they really
got it together now i don't i don't want to be they want to interrupt so they got it to go now they're
hitting the ball they're hitting the ball that was their whole problem the pitching except for
couple of games was good but they're now like the meds if i were a med fan at this point i'd be
slashing my wrist i noticed they're not calling today well i'm still waiting to see one
flashes wrist i'll be the happiest guy boy four Atlanta home runs in two by two by the pitcher i did
two two by the pitcher little acquist who never hit one before and uh darling the first pitch he
throws goes from odby Mcdowell for a home run i mean and then hojo throws another one away they
they look like crap i was thinking of you when that was going on oh man do they look pathetic yeah
i mean that team is just so if you went down and i don't want to get into a sports thing but if you
took the cubs in the med side by side i was thinking about this in the shower this morning
immediately no seriously and you took them position by position other than how are johnson
the third who can't be a third great hitter but he can't feel but other than him at third which
the cubs have nobody at third and and Mcrennell's in left it's not a contest there's no content i think
the cubs and i'm not a cubs fan i'm not a cub heyder either but i think the cubs can come pretty close
and left even probably by next year yeah they got a shot when that kid develops yeah
so uh good luck yet okay bye bye and the same to you you'll need it 1118 at wiod your sports
intensive station and the course tonight whether permitting we have the a's the beating the
anchors again at 7 30 it's almost not raining into york anymore it was supposed to the wabc
television said it was supposed to but what the hell do i know you mean i'm going to do four
always show you and i have to come back and do it you know Monday they showed the forecast for
New York for the week you know and it said the showed like showers and cloudy but i guess it
didn't materialize not a Yankee stadium well that's good uh my any hello it's about time yeah i
thought you'll be you hate me huh oh what do you want good news what do you mean what what lester
can i ask you a question could i tell you before you tell me the good news what do you mean it's about time
well they had beyond the radio a long time good well you know i love you probably know who this was
how come you didn't call me didn't call and ask how i wanted i had a stroke i know you want to do
what i thought that good news because somebody that was worried about you and he's doing very good
ready for all and he got michael lee and he won two races yesterday great well Freddy's a great
guy yeah he is if i heard really a problem over there which i don't want to get into but he's a
great guy yeah well now he's an agent good and uh he's having a good day and how is the how's
your name is saying doing Bobby lester is he coming back here he's in Oklahoma
it's uh Oklahoma right open your ears last time you know what you're talking about right
well your boy levy some always gonna leave my boy are they all my boys i don't get a lester
well how about my Gonzalez coming is he feeling better he's feeling better he had an operation
in New York the operation here wasn't too good really and i didn't know about the doctors here don't
you trust me i couldn't believe what happened to you they wouldn't give you a doctor
till one week later no no i had to go find my own doctor that's what i mean doctors they got
got their license in a man in a mail order yeah well do you know what comes down here all
retirees that's it all losers like us you're right so we'll see you Saturday because i feel pretty
good if i feel like this i'll be out there Saturday you'll be there Saturday if i have to bring
bill on a stretcher you know oh yeah how's bill film he's coming along here's coming along
all right tell him everybody hopes for him yeah and i hope he gets a good job how you doing you
making any money are you solving lester uh i'm just uh just building holding my own loading your own
yeah you look last time i saw it that green shirt starting to do me about two sizes too small
yeah i got to get some new shirts while at least you're not missing any meals that's a good part of it
all right baby okay luster and see you Saturday okay right 21 after 11 there he goes a legend that
soft Florida tracks man if he ever leaves town to all go out of business we have an opening
in date 751 track and invoke a 278 plunge 278 is the guy that says some of the stands and scream no
that's urny urny wouldn't call no okay it's choice as a lean by 25 length i love urny urny is what life
is all about i go out there now in fact when bill and i go out to call her since we had our falling
out with them um we just we pay our buck to get in we park you know in the regular parking pay a
buck to get in and go and sit in the cheap seats with urny and that's worth that's worth like 20
dollar admission price at least he's on his best days man he puts on a show that you wouldn't believe
we know you're out there urny you're not kidding us let's see it's Wednesday they're racing
that he might be on his way already i don't know okay listen let's uh do a little break here 21 past
11 at w i o d we still have it opening in date and bokeh i want to get these all lit up for
some and you know lester just called i've been back almost two weeks now there are a lot of people
we haven't heard from okay you're true no that i haven't heard from the conspicuous by their
absence okay and it's really pretty embarrassing rich side to some of you people not the hell he's
busy in havana somewhere who are such groupies and such loyal listed you better get on the stick okay
don't just sit back there and the hold out did i'll call you al who ran tell we'll be right back
get your priority straightened out roger we're sorry i'm sorry i'm already on the lila theme before
not slanting sinful john vayan art before susan day oh john vayan ark is a i love god she's right
to play in that character she's such a so depressing and negative like me here's a car in bokeh
deal yeah they're there how do you like that well i'm not a native bokeh ass for fort lot of
them all right i'm just i just happen to be in bokeh well get through there fast man yeah i know
it rubs off hey well i want to tell my sister i'm calling from her mobile phone great that's why you
held on right yeah good he's got the big bucks don't worry about it no kidding hey well i just want
to say that it's good to have you back and i wish a good health i know it's going to take a while
feet uh get back to normal but yeah you know well i'll do my best to be bubbling in effervescent
and real positive because that's what these listeners want man they want somebody who is real positive
okay what a great day huh yeah it's not bad well um i just want to call my sister Lydia and her
husband Danny with their listening and they just called earlier not too long ago they were all
on the mobile really that's all well must run in the family okay see you later all right okay 27
after 11 and wiod hello hello can i talk to now sure where you're calling from all right now
i was gonna ask you i was gonna answer my question where you're calling from this very important
before we can put you on here oh is it important well on and highly okay
hi Spencer how you doing Spencer how's my car look good i'll see you Spencer don't sound like
it's a permanent thing i will i will i feel fairly good day a little dizzy but not you know
that's normal for me are you on a mobile phone no i'm not well why does it say a car in my Bobby
who is this Bobby who Bobby is this Bobby Bobby Charlie oh Charlie i'm sorry i had to be the
Charlie or Bobby from higherlia yeah my chronics you call stand you call stand Charlie
no but i mean do you ever call him when on those infrequent nights when he's on oh sure when
okay but usually it's a thank you see you Spencer don't look so sad i want you to try to take care
i'm trying i'm trying and if you leave here i'll feel a lot better okay i'm doing it Spencer
don't get my blood pressure up now see you okay Charlie what do you want oh i was just gonna say
that i always did like nurses she was very nice the the couple weeks ago that she called and
then today too she prompted me to call you mean Kathy yeah i think yeah Kathy i like nurses
do you well you've been in the hospital sure i have ever have any interesting experiences
with nurses that we can share out of body expanded oh i did once oh god i was just not conscious
and she took horrible advantages of me yeah oh is that why they want to come in to give you a
little sponge bath and massage is that what that's all about i never objected to that yeah i imagine
oh i wanted to ask the personal question too did Dion ever contact you all your ill no well
he don't have my number he's probably busy making money he doesn't have time he did
though donny osman okc did i never got back to him but there was a message that he had called him
yeah i saw a hairy show it uh my little race track when he was out there who show the sunshine
band okc hairy kc yeah he's done by hairy kiri now he's good and out there yes sir they're making
these making his comeback so i just wanted to make it a short call okay
value back see it Charlie thank you see even Charlie call the sades glad i'm back in the
up yours and that stuff okay where the hell are all these pinheads all these remember Eric from
the beach history long gone ricky from the music story called once in seven but would like he's
you know roses busy with leona so he's not getting what he wants and uh tim called me at
home a couple times history long gone really uh who else i mean all these you know they come and
they go like a bob from Cooper city in that whole crowd you know they don't well yeah but they
crowd like you had out a little superhero is for a little while and it's you know now we're
going on to bigger and better things like um the the simpsons uh i have one more call about the
simpsons yeah i know well you watch it if you see it uh young jeff watches it my stepfather and so
that's fine there i have a watch but you know it's uh uh i don't want to watch the simpon okay does that
make me a bad guy am i negative because i don't want to watch the god damn simpsons is everything
children with the tank top oh man that shows about as funny as uh instant tumor
it's eleven thirty one and then i found another thing i would but you got to congratulate fox
for doing i watched those two movies in lieu of the cub game on sunday night which was on e s b n which
we want to talk about and the big boys was then i find out that the number one movie was
Caroline which i have no idea what that was about and the beach boy thing was like way to held
down it took a bath it was a bomb nobody watched it and uh see so i'm not going to take the blame for
that i blame all those pinheads who were calling in the end of last week oh you got to watch the
beach boy thing and you're a big beach boys fan we're all going to watch it we'll talk about it
next week and so i watched that last hour and that sent me back a week in my recovery i mean that
so you talk about depressing it was the whole negative oh god thing was just for a more voyeurism
is this a mobile oh my god 15 minutes how come i didn't get you on before and i punch up
through all the other line was ringing and i just grabbed you guys are worth the best team in
radio right now you bet right here we got it the puts and sluts put no you guys which one is sluts
what kind of grown up would watch the simpsons speaking of that i just mentioned puts and look at
that he's in the other room what are you doing here it's not payday what are you doing here today
i heard you mentioned the other day uh they don't know how much they're making is that true
you haven't got a deal yet boy you guys are suckers man i have never heard of such a thing
what's working sad and who's and you guys are working sad today's boy see they they come on like
big shots all we're not doing sad today we don't work six days a week and you know that pretty
soon are going to fight again three fifty an hour and they work seven days they don't know this
company yet we talk about candy box that's why they're still so positive because they think
everything is rosy and wonderful wait till they're here a couple of weeks candy bars i stand that's
favorite topic now you guys are greatest i spent how are you talking about i spent fifty twenty
minutes to tell you just to suck around like those people i heard calling yesterday in the afternoon
sucking around all you guys are so positive and at nilly's boy negative we want sucked we want
bass and that's what we want and they're using all my material to top it all off but i love
their great guys are going to do wonderful but i just hope we don't get into this
internal fraternal crap and they don't put up with those
we're making coo do you want a bash i mean just everybody let's just back well i came
into the cuz nale said last night he wanted to bash the audience he hasn't done that
oh that'd be great i didn't say that let's get back to bash and people i didn't say that i think
i was before the one before the cubs game
ability to bass plays a douche bag where where did you find your forever yours sir
what's that where did you find your milky way dark i didn't find it yet i'm still looking i can't
find one go find one i can't find one neither okay sir but i'm still looking
still i don't give up that case man it's eleven thirty three at w i d i think the
a guy in his band ex-tites is going to be on in just a second or two we're gonna oh now here
the uh these are the paramilitary this is such a kinky uh couple of hours on the spm
no i'm serious they have the people in the combat the teagues and these are the people that just
ran off the helicopter and they're all running on the uh on the landing strip there in the guy he
has gone maybe the guy was right about dj i don't know what the hell was that all about by the way i
don't know what the hell was that crack i got no idea i haven't talked to him for all these people
wanting i think they've been watching too much heraldo let's drag everybody out of the closet
oh what's he doing today he's doing teenage plastic surgery you know new uh
yeah body parts today oh really probably you probably you would have proved to bar some people
from sally's panel you know all these just figured teens who have like their nose where their
ass is supposed to be okay we have one open line or their brains where they're we have one in
day seven five one nose and look at that guy he can't he can't stay with them look at the guy on
the left well the first of all the shot is so far away i have no idea what they look like so i'm
not gonna waste my time and two seven eight w i w i w i don't know what you're not that would you
shut up nine four six three w i o d yeah well i'm picking up live
this is the optic air man oh my god how you been great i'm glad you're back and feeling better
i'm doing better slowly but surely it doesn't happen overnight but i'm coming along singing a song
and strumming my old thing yeah that's a girl in front stand boys this guy confused too much hangin
out with dj uh q a m gonna be doing clubs games yeah that's what i heard yeah well what is that
start we're just selected games every Saturday that doesn't make sense to me uh-huh well all those
games will be on television anyway so it's another real coup but we're hairy will be on the
uh-ring the other one yeah well i mean if the game is on television on gn hairy does the middle
three innings on radio does the other six on television uh-huh if the whole game is on radio i
think he does the whole thing well for those of us that don't have gn or satellite whatever
and channel channel seven is carrying Sunday games okay and channel 39 is carrying some
cub games on two denights dns p and espn is carrying a lot of cub games and so is oil best night huh
i watched the oil on the air well i must have been exciting those are normally games yeah
see the cubs in the giant set an exciting game giants were at four to one the cubs uh
went ahead one at seven to four a lot of home runs it was exciting yeah the
american league is like yeah with that president doesn't pick up hairy though right no they do their
own and on Wednesday night when espn televisors gn can't do it now and on Sunday night too
yes today thank goodness is an afternoon game three twenty five for those of you with gn three
o'clock for the lead off man eastern daylight time uh-huh yes um don johnson's house is uh-per-sale
no kidding the one he rented on star island yeah i guess he's definitely gone well he bought the big
condo thing yeah they wanted one point eight five million for it well maybe i'll foster in each room
for more cats or something all right you guys sound great together oh yeah okay all right i work
alone it's eleven thirty seven and them w i o d we have one open line a day two and
proud right all right pretty spotty pretty spotty at five two four spot five two four
w i o d let's take whoever it was it just brought in the uh these are big two liter bottles too not
just a little cans of the diet right flavors though i was bitching about the other day look
at that there's orange soda and red raspberry and what's this one this one is um also red
raspberry well thank you whoever it was mr anonymous what did you do in the bottle what is that
running down the side okay we got two open lines in date county we're struggling again like
the struggling lady she didn't call either by the way to wish me i should drop dead seven five one
w i o d stand and hang out here which is preventing a lot of people from calling uh four
lotterdale hi how you doing hi how are you okay i'm not an old color i'm a new color great that's
what we want lots of new color you old people are sick and tired of all this negativity and all this
depression you know they want to hear positive yeah they want to hear bubbly and happy okay okay well
i quit my job last week really i i was they home for a while and i turned on today great it helps
the end the don't tell me we're getting that near noon syndrome again i see the lines dropping off
like flies it's getting close to noon look at that oh man we have that for the third day in a row
i'm just i'm going back to san francisco you don't have all the food on there everybody's getting
i'm going to be a sit-down comic how can he get those dark chocolate milky ways at a nursing
home over in haladilla having a candy bar really no i i don't think those are the same candy bars
we're talking about i think those are for a moving experience in what you're talking about that's
funny oh no they have them over there in the candy machine oh in the machine uh-huh you know
where i first thought they think they're milky ways but more they're in for a big surprise
you know where i first found one that was my dinner that night that uh came over to hold your
hand to hold my hand yeah the hell does that mean at the hospital oh that's where they were
oh wait they were in a big machine oh that's right he got one of those undervending machines
yeah they have only the healthiest food in the hospitals you know that they must have to be
thought i'm depending machine people yeah so i don't want to get started on those candy bars
i've heard he did about four shows on that already so let's uh leave that off of this show yes
absolutely okay well i just i'll tell you have a new listener out well great where you're from
oh well it really it's westbroward out west of davie great that's where the good people are
all out there by me and we have our dish right great see you later bye bye
11.40 everybody has a dish there yeah of course everybody has a dish
and a spoon we have for two open lines and up their nose five two four w i o d is that number
or we're pumping away like crazy here let's go to a mature lady it says uh oh
you know yeah so are you mature i'm a senior citizen kiddo great glad to have you back
Neil i'm a long time list of a first time caller good that's what we need get some of these new people
out of the woodwork yeah and i listen to Stanley tell him it's married from west palm he knows who it is
oh it's very from west palm stand i'm very how you're doing she's sweet i'll go and find glad to hear
your both your both sound good yeah we're gonna team up now you know everybody needs a putz needs a
uh something well i i enjoy i enjoy your both if i had a putz i'd be a lot more positive you know
i wouldn't be so depressing and so damn negative and you're you're very positive no i'm
positively negative i keep bitching and belly aching and talking about what a crappy town it is
and the people suck and i didn't want to hear that they already know that fact they're what they
are part of the problem as they say you're entitled exactly have a good day both okay married
enjoy your both thank you okay that was married by the way you know why o d
Neil yeah stand is so born i can't think why you're on your show can i ask you a question yes sir
i can't understand why you're still listening he's been here since ten o'clock i listened to you
Neil why do you listen to me because i think you're excited you like my body is in it no i'm not a fact
like you're not a what bag like you oh i see but i do like to show right i think i know i am one
aren't you afraid it's gonna rub off no it's not oh you're there huh if you keep rubbing it it will
i don't rub mine oh don't you that's up for my wife to do no really well let's not get to
personal okay i think i'm personal how are your dogs mr macho let's not get too carried away how
are your dogs how's your dog your dog i know where your dog is here and we don't want to talk
about it eleven forty four we have an opening in brown or five two four now see what a nice
friendly call that was i love those guys he doesn't like you but he likes me but he's not a
bag like i am excellent call sir steve is in New York it's one of steves insecure you know i never
forget of all the shows he ever did even surpassing the urine lady he had the transsexual the woman
who used to be a guy and he was going on and talking about how attractive she was and uh i don't
know she was married or i don't remember the whole story but she have it was she attractive
fairly snick says so so not to put my jump it in a sack with her or something and so that
segment of his called insecure uh super macho males went nuts oh steve please tell you wouldn't
read i mean if you knew you really wouldn't do it if you knew uh oh god it was the funniest it
the most embarrassing but funny stuff i have ever heard man insecure w i o d hi nale how you doing
okay what's going on today we're just boring everybody in depressing people and being negative
because we like that yeah today is going to be boring to the cub game starts that's right three
twenty five eastern daylight time and we got my car key pitching today who's been outstanding
and he is mild i know you know not only do i listen to you at work every day now i go home
watch the cub games just like you great i'm a regular nearly while we're getting in there now i'm
telling you these last couple of games they're starting to get those bats going and uh they look
more like the cubs of older last year uh the doctor allowing you to do any exercise like on a
bicycle you know the in place bicycle or anything yeah that's exactly what i'm doing that's great
yeah that's up your car your vascular a little bit you're eating right you're on your way kid
i'm on my way to a nervous breakdown yeah well let's hope for a big cub victory today okay
go get him cubs eleven forty six at w i o d we have uh dovetland day bokeh pombies the same
where it's coming toward noon now you know yeah coming toward noon lunchtime yeah don't you miss
all the eating no really i had one good that's another thing yesterday here some of these people are
so pathetic i mean it's embarrassing how right you have to be to understand that when somebody
is fat and they've had a heart attack or a stroke or some horrendous thing because they're out of
shape in their fat and the guy calls it oh we sure miss uh you're eating and i'm trying to
explain to him i just you know and it doesn't he's oblivious oh no that was so much fun and we used
to have lunch right along with it we sure that was like what a highlight of the show for us
i'm trying to explain to him don't hold your breath because it's not going to happen and just
a mister oblivious yeah so in other words entertain us and the pig out we don't care if you drop dead
but we want to and it's like those people i heard calling in yesterday afternoon i don't want to say
what show but um no seriously it's just the same concept you know the guy had a stroke and he's like
not a hundred percent and but hey he's depressing we don't want to hear about that okay fine i feel
great okay everything is wonderful people who live in la la land in total dream world you know like
like uh the thing about nobody like Howard Beals and nobody gets came through an archie bunkers
house and all that and they really do they live like in a radio existence like in a fantasy land
well these are the same people who wanted you back quicker than you helped with oh yeah come
right back to entertain them and if i happen to drop dead because i did it well somebody else will be
on it you know they can bash them you know anyway it's eleven forty eight and shells of course has
become he is still world's biggest asshole comdenomer comdenomer you know this thing they got
in here you're welcome on the spn is like um it's almost like a porn movie you know there's uh
ones in the military where there were no fatigues in a whole bit you've seen those anyway nickel
be giving you titles if you call in let's go see those yeah you don't want to open park
jane you know negatives yeah let's be positive sir number one let's be beat up how you doing okay
hey it's good to hear stand smiling voice yeah all right mr. infrequency over yeah right you're
once in a while yeah all next week sir oh really yep yeah they're good uh Yankee's going
right they're going out west so a couple days they'll be on like at uh nine thirty or ten o'clock
something like that but uh for some strange reason they're playing some afternoon games thank god
yeah really yeah let's carry those starting in about eleven thirty in the morning with the pregame
show a cell busy to give stand uh some frequency yeah sixteen i love these that stupid uh k uh w a bc sports talk
show that they carry for thirty minutes at the end oh yeah well that really puts us in the hopper
okay we get about a point three with that but we want to compete with q a m we want to match
them at night with about a point three and a point one and point this well listen have a great day
and an even better life back and a bigger and better tomorrow or something i tell you i shouldn't
say this because then they'll drop off but considering it's almost noon and considering that they
heat you like poison we're not doing to bet well that's it if you got a 40 more hate call oh there's
the guy with a spandex tight there on the right with those two now the one in the middle she's very
attractive but she is got well everything on her is big no on the chair her thighs uh you don't
think she was pretty oh she's a pick oh i cannot stand women that are in too bad i understand that
but i'm saying from the waist up she was very attractive if you just took her neck and stuck her
boobs and a few other parts together but her thighs are like Montana she makes the other one look like
uh Karen Carpenter hollywood yes hi on the vocal line yeah well it's i don't mind spending the
money all that is good i just wanted to tell you i enjoyed dwelling on the negative good people think
that they need to fool themselves and think that this really is yeah those escapists out there
they want to hear about uh you know about base side and about the south beach in our draco
and about Alex Dowd and what a great guy he is and he never stole a freight train but what the hell
was he doing in Peter Clayton's will i mean what the hell is it all about right it's this is the
real life show here what was he doing in Peter Clayton i don't want to talk about Peter Clayton
because i couldn't control myself i'm getting a lot of trouble well listen you guys covering the
talk show draft next week yes sir excellent i'll be back we're going to be lining up a lot of
weekend people here at w-w-w-w-d from that international talk show draft some of them don't even
speaking lace i was just going to say there's probably some good prospects overseas but we don't
give a damn as long as they show up in a worksheet man that's where it's at hey keep it up this place
sucks okay there's one of our good positive callers that's the kind of guy we like he's honest
but have a nice day okay eleven fifty five and w-w-w-w-w-w-d now see see what i mean i shouldn't
say anything now we got four left uh-oh and then we'll take one now and then by the you watch
when we come back after the noon news there'll be one call maybe nobody it doesn't it just the
noon thing and it takes like a half hour to start all over again it's like what happens at five
o'clock two o'clock in frack mr and mr's positive in there hey but then all the sudden hey what
happened we had a brick wall see they'll get familiar with it they have only been doing this
is short period of time it's that little honeymoon that grace period and then there will be those days
when the way what happened you know what you tell them to have the CDs ready oh yeah they got
they got a whole bunch for those they bring in a pH J chronic oh no i don't know if it's the time
of day but Stan you sound so virile hold on a second uh who is this Rick furchas no it's not
it is too you're an imposter go back to Havana Rick to hell to hell with Fidel
I want some of that 40 million they're sending over there for a TV marty that nobody can see
because they're putting a lot of Lucy reruns on the block it's kind of be on a three in the morning
though you know you got to spend fifty million dollars to be on a three in the morning exactly
hey Rick I had a guest on the show today he said that this who alleged that you were a cast
or agent exactly that was John for bucket tour that would officially make me a G2 are you doing Stanley
T I'm doing great Rick hey Neil listen glad to have you back while you were sick I was out of the
country you might say yeah don't tell us where I'm not I didn't plan to but I really have I'm glad to
have you back it's really for selfish reasons though is it well yeah I mean you know I listen to
you every day well let's not talk about it on the air Rick let's not let's not get into it on the
air your wife will be very upset nobody knows at this point I just saw your billboard now oh
I'm doing ha ha ha ha why the hell did I tell you the what why the red lipstick well let's fit to my image
how about the little skirt did you like that too that green stuff coming out of your mouth it's
it's a seafone green yeah while I had lunch with Linda Blair you know
quite interesting yeah did you do that wait till you see the billboard of Sally that they're
gonna put up but I don't want to I don't I don't want to delve into that but that's another story no
comment I know you need to do the rumors of your of your demise regretfully do you just
see the things I was trying to run W.I.D. when I came back one said Neil had a stroke but he had
a second and a third stroke and he's paralyzed from one half of his body when they were talking
about all those strokes that was something else they were talking that's it
they really were some exact stories going around well you know my agent uh up in Chicago saw
who you see was telling me that he was getting calls from people all over the country some of
them I know personally some of them I don't even know and he said it was obvious that with some of
the people they were legitimately concerned and with others it was the vulture syndrome you know
if he really gonna drop dead and is there gonna be an opening and where do we send the tape you
know that kind of stuff how's that doing who oh Sally's great he's the best good he's the best
small sucks all is the best he said to stan A you're unemployed and suds and stan say
small sucks oh why did they try him too yep well look he could get exactly with him what he did
for me while he's doing great for me okay didn't do anything for you you did it all you're
all right he did some one he did some wonderful things he would bet don't pay any attention to
stan it's salary did he hook you up with Sally no but he got me a great gig in Houston after the
Sam Pedro yeah right great just stick with salt and you know attention mr sour grapes over here okay
he's gonna be picking grapes next week if you don't watch it
listen i just thought i'd come say hi to uh jane acre over there she loves me and i love her
she's coming to jane acre and don't love it now what about her why do you want me to
i just smiled tell her to stop frowning all the time things aren't that bad we don't like the pressing
negative people in this town Rick we like it to be positive and up be especially when you're
covering all those gory blood and guts things that you guys love listen have a good one thanks
brought me over by stamp Rick Sanchez is becoming chronic oh wait a minute you're not going away are you
i'll tell you what i'll call you back after the news uh wait i met even
what the hell are you you got to do now are you serious i'm starving oh i'm crushed i want to talk
about my virility that's it i'm finished when even he leaves you with noon you know there is no hope
it's a good looking guy though chuck myr is a chuck is standing by with the news chuck's got some
real interesting stories we can sink our teeth until it will be right back
satacloth and the Easter Bunny don't exist japan will um millions and billions of dollars
and we're all gonna die it's the new no one hour ah okay everybody happy it's 12
12.05 what are you doing get away from that screen will you the amazing part of it he's looking
at the blonde guy in the back row there that's the good guy anyway this guy if anybody's watching
the spn an hour number two of aerobics today oh the guy in the front who's like the cheerleader he
is on air every day he looks just like Jamie Gillis ugly no Jamie Gillis is look at the girl behind
him and look at the that guy behind her and what are they doing he's not bad yeah oh really let's
go to uh don't start doing fag stuff they can't have problems already two four-later day
nobody else got me yes hello hold on one second w-i-o-d is this a real call
okay nice talking to you yes sir yes sir that was Palm Beach by the way
hi Neil how you doing man we really miss you really really well I believe it now that I got my
letter from dick pertinent Detroit I feel nothing can shake me now well you shook me and and you
didn't have to pull what you did but you did it and you drove me right into neutral systems good
yeah I lose that fat man I'm telling it's not a laughing matter when in well to listen to you forever
these more on top there who want to just make light of it make a big joke of it and keep
shoveling down there I'm telling you the day comes when you have to pay the price and it's not a
happy deal I'll tell you yeah I tell you and I've listened to you forever and uh I've never called
you Neil I used to call Bill and and uh when you were sitting in with Bill once in a while
who you that other fellow from quam oh I remember him well I'm a
Bill called her yeah but whatever happened to him he's recuperating he's coming along well I
speak to him every day and he's he'll be okay he'll end the thing but in the meantime the most
important thing is your health absolutely okay so the fact that he isn't going to go over
there with those slime bags and their point two shares at QAM believe me in a long run will be the
best thing that ever happened well I'm enjoying you and Stanley T and I'm going to leave you
with just a lot of good luck and I want to ask you one other question yes sir
when a condo commando goes swimming in a pool do they swim or float
well we have an expert coming on on a Rick and Putsho on Wednesday next week to answer that question
that's the other thing you destroyed me with the day you said Rick and Puts for the first time
I hit the floor hey if you could see Puts you'd understand if the uh name fits where it
they're where we get there we got a big t-shirt nods is I'm Puts and everybody nods their head no
question about it I heard Rick is staying in Puts is going also to San Francisco really well that
seems to be the thing to get the numbers now threatened to quit that's right have a great life
you to get 1208 at good old w.w.w.d. can you believe this the lines are like crazy now what the
hell happened well see they no matter what I say they do the opposite yeah well I think
even I'm not so sorry yeah so goddamn depressing anyway tomorrow not now wait a minute wait a
minute wait a minute why does he putting that on the screen I think this is the only radio station
I've ever worked at in my life where the board ops take long walks melvin does this all the time
and they just disappear for minutes at the zerick do that at night yep and they just very go
here and uh visits with look at that the band lines ringing w.w.w.w.d hi this is Sharon from the cubs
yeah I was told to call in on this line who told you that Sharon I don't know somebody that called
earlier well it was probably this is a w.w.w.w.w.d the neo-rodger showed you know who I am sure
sorry don't of course not and they're starting this again call in down there well anyway I'm a
number one come fan in south florida and harry was on my show last year when we're up in jacago
for the met series remember that great weekend mm-hmm but other than that uh you know good luck to us all
looks like we're coming out of the slump right Sharon it looks that way 15 hits last night but like
he gets his first win michauliam is his sixth save da-a Dawson and dunston and everybody's going nuts
we're gonna do it Sharon yeah we're gonna come home so things will be better and the meron did you
work at giana one time did I know okay now I've been here for a long time well give harry and steve
a big kiss for us and go cubs okay thanks Sharon sorry for the crank up they're starting again
with that crap on the bat line having people calling sports people yeah which is fine because I
enjoy some of them 10 past noon the w.w.w.w.w.w.d we do have an opening in the broward if uh
dick perton wants to call in at 524 w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.d what was that was going to be an FTL call or is
that say four lot of down confused now I see those call it is like a very excited mirror mar
is gone right of course w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.w.d you suck okay uh don't hold your breath Miami
kneel your gem stand your boy okay another good one they're really on a roll I see what
I mean about the new hour this is all like make believe these aren't real callers okay and you
notice who did not call back who oh he's going to lunch oh that's the new deal now we're going to
go out to lunch but we'll cut it back in the hour so we don't want to have any problem getting
So we'll get to you when we're ready W-I-O-D.
W-I-O-D.
Okay.
Wow.
Yep.
That guy that called in between 10 and 11, who hated me.
Yeah.
I recognize that.
You notice something?
What?
He's still listening.
That's W-I-O-D.
Hi, mobile.
How you doing?
Good. How you doing?
Okay.
I know you didn't watch our senior last night,
but did you hear anything about it?
Stan already gave us the blow-dried and credible interview I've ever seen.
He gave us the lowdown if I can say that.
That was amazing.
Madonna just cut him to shred.
Well, she didn't really cut him to shreds.
They played with each other really.
I don't know.
She said if he was auditioning for her videos and had a haircut like that,
that he'd never make it because his haircut is tired.
That was the cleanest thing that she said on the show.
Yes.
She was effing with everybody and it was amazing.
Really?
Did you see who the next guest was?
No.
Himo Williams?
Oh, God.
No, no.
Now to give you a good idea how good this guy is, we know the person who left we won't mention
Alex's name.
Yeah.
It was one of his favorites.
Yeah.
Another real slime ball.
Yeah.
Well, luckily they only gave him about 10 minutes towards the end of the show.
But that was one of the best interviews I've ever heard.
Even though I don't like Garcia.
Yeah.
Are you talking about the Madonna?
Madonna.
Yeah, it was.
I laughed several times.
Yeah, it was filthy and disgusting.
That's what we all want to see, of course.
No, no, no.
It wasn't.
Yes.
It wasn't a lot filthy and disgusting.
Well, it was filthy, sir.
Come on.
Okay, it was.
She.
But it was good.
It was good.
Amen.
See you.
Thank you.
Well, now we're getting to the meat of the man.
Our last hoist's breasts real.
That was their question.
It was a subject last night.
Maybe they'd listen to Howard Stern.
Maybe our senior will be.
Well, Madonna said no.
Lesgie knew for sure that she knew for sure.
Yeah.
Best by test.
But I like the part where Madonna said that she'd love to be spanked.
That was so what's wrong with that?
If you were married to that, well, of course they're both.
That is such a pur...
Is she still married to him?
No.
She's dating Warren Beatty.
Oh, man.
They're just talking about Warren.
She was talking about Warren Beatty in bed last night.
Can we talk about the thing?
Hello,
Linda?
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
Maybe if they do that they'll just throw it away
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm very strong
So Warren Vady has a big what?
Bank account?
1217 at WIOD
And let's take a call in Miami if we must. Hello!
How you doing?
Where is Diaz?
Did you know that Burton Tommy came out with a new album recently?
No
Yeah, it's a Canadian release
I don't have the address with me but there's a place where you can buy it
So I don't know if you want to buy it
Well probably Ron St. John Jr will be playing it
Because anything to do with the guest who he's got the hundred copies of it
Yeah
Oh, that's about the record
Is it good?
I haven't heard it
So, Burton Cummings is tremendous
Yes he is
Outstanding
Okay, now
Even if he is Canadian
Well, you can't have everything with you
That's right
Thank you
Brian Ferries not bad
Oh jeez, here we go
I've got sunshine
Oh W
Oh you can't call me
Yeah, what the hell
I'm sick and tired of giving WIOD's call letters on here
Nobody knows what that is anyway
That's right
From Tunisix
All right Jane, let's just do that little bits at a time
Hollywood
Yes, Neil, I'm glad to hear that you're back
Thank you
You sound like you're really mean
It's a nice block, a nice cold attack
Yeah
Anyway
Yes?
Yeah, I was just tired, you know, telling you to go ahead to see you back here
Okay, well thanks a lot
1219 at WIOD
Nah, come on, get serious
We have an open line in Broward
2524 WIOD
Yeah, I'd like to talk to Neil
Okay, where you're calling from?
Neil?
Yes
How are you doing?
Pretty good, do I catch you by a surprice?
My God, I'd even finished dialing the number
I know, and we're already speaking, you know that's something?
Let me think of something to say and I'll call you back to you
No, no, don't call back, just hold on
Hold on, don't hang up, God
We'd like to have the light slip, right?
No, let's fill
I'm back
All right, now what's the point?
I said we're light to have the lights lit up, right?
And he says no, it's filled up
That's like saying what day is it? He says three o'clock
What kind of a response is that?
I don't know, I'm still a little stiff
We got every line lit here, it looks like, I mean it's frightening
You think that the audience is actually you are winding their way back here?
I'm still a little stiff after Rick Sanchez's call
Well, I don't want to hear about that, I don't want you to personal
Let me ask you, does he look a little puffy or is it my imagination?
He is a little puffy, he could lose some weight too Rick
Too much of the black beans and rice, you know
Yeah
You know, it's interesting, now this has nothing to do with him because he's a good guy
I even know he's full of crap
But listen to me, more, it's like Mexicans, okay?
Yeah
And there's all that poverty there, but the, now maybe I'm wrong
It's just like in America with poor black ghetto neighborhoods
There are a lot of people who are fat
Not because they got a lot of money and they eat a lot of big meals
But because the food that they start you know what I mean?
Yeah, I mean, I mean, yeah
And the more affluent, well, I think a barber Jordan was fat
But I mean, how many prominent black people can you think of who are, you know, got some bucks?
Who are fat?
Not too many
Oprah Winfrey
Well, all right, well some days
But seriously, and just stop and think about that
I have no idea what I'm talking about, what does that mean?
I don't know, maybe
Oh no, I was thinking of Rick's hat, I was just thinking about the same with the, with Latin's, it's the same thing
Yeah, well don't you tend to retain water when you eat starchy foods?
Yes
So therefore the puffiness
I don't know, what do you have to retain water?
What is this? Some kind of a like, dock this show, don't start
It's a, we're so depressing and so morbid and so negative
Don't be so negative, Phil
Ah, where's hemp Goldberg, Ben?
I have no idea, is he around? Where's Hank? Is he on vacation again?
No, he's put up California at the fat farm
He's back out there again at the airport
No, he was back
He's been gone three weeks
Didn't he just say he's out of account or he was out?
Yeah
And he's back
Yeah, I saw him on channel
And has he lost him weight again?
I don't know, he's sitting at the anchor
The only way he loses in his wallet, he goes out there to go to Hollywood Park in Santa
And he loses about 10,000 probably
So he looks like two pounds lighter
And then a week later he gets all speaking of puffy
And I'm telling you Hank, I hope you're listening
You're laughing but I'm serious
There is another candidate
For all the joke and Hank is a great guy really is for all the joke and back and forth
But he needs to lose some weight
He really does because he's either...
I watch Hank eat lunch next door
And let me tell you he can pack it away, he really can
I don't know anybody fat who can't pack it away
How about a whole fat rich?
What's that fat picture for the meth? Is it Hernandez?
Sid the kid
Oh
Who is really not doing too great
What a slime
I want about my virility
I don't want to hear about this
Okay
It's like hearing about Andy Rooney's sex life
I don't want to hear about
Did you get an invitation to EJ's wedding?
No, it didn't
How about DJ's wedding?
Because I'm beginning to hear some stories
I heard stories about DJ long ago
Oh, geez
He was hanging out at the button south
Oh, come on
Next to be Tommy who's hanging out at Uncle Charlie's or something
Let's cut the crap, can we?
Cowboy Bill
The Copa
The Copa is not there anymore, okay?
There is a plate
It's not there
No, 21 club
Now wait, you're not in a green or are you talking about it?
The Copa hasn't been there for ages
That's a...
Oh, not the Copa I'm thinking of Backstreet
Well, I don't know about all those fat places
I don't know about that, I'm thinking of Backstreet
I hope he's there
How do you know?
Nick is not yet, it's out of hell to you know
Oh, look at that, he's getting right in the face
And when Nick gets right in the face, that's really quite an accomplishment
Look at that
What the hell does he know about the Copa?
Wow
Oh, pull back
Hold back
Hold back, hold back
There reminisce about some of the good old days in WSNews
Wow
By the way, Hank and Jo will be on sports talk, it's just 05 tonight
So we'll spice it up a little bit
I don't want to say Jo is boring, but...
No, he's not
Jo's okay, he's just...
Why do we pick on Jo?
He's one of those people who's convenient, he's in easy target, okay?
And it's terrible that we keep doing it
I miss him and Manage together though
Have a nice day
Got that
23 past noon at WIOD
Did I say Backstreet?
It's all the same, it's all the same
No, Backstreet hasn't been there for a long time
And it's that restaurant
What the hell is that Mexican restaurant?
It's in there now, it used to be one of Steve's sponsors
Oh, come on, the Lanier Pcajian house
It's not Mexican, but the Lanier Pcajian house isn't that there?
Custief took me there with Norm Kent one night because it was free
Okay, 24 past noon, we have an open line in Dade County at 751
You think he's getting any freebies in New York?
Boy, he's giving free autographs, I know that
At the baseball card shows, we'll be right back
Here's what you'll mind of Miss yesterday afternoon with Rick and Suds
Would you at least play one song?
What?
It says for Christ's sake, every time it's just listening to folk art
I'm being Miami-broward, I don't know, at least one song, gee
Nice job
I way got it
She was great
Okay Vanessa, you're crying a little snippling wimp
Take that seatbelt off
Yeah, take it
Join Rick and Suds, this afternoon at two
A News Talk Radio 610 WIOD
Sometimes I feel that life is passing me by
Sometimes I feel that people don't want to smile
Anyways, 1228 at WIOD, one thing, mark in the dark in West Palm Beach
Who sent me baseball analysis and reporting and scouting and all this other for both leagues
American and national league and I guess I can analyze all the players and all the teams now
Thank you very much Mark, whatever this stuff is
28 past noon at WIOD, blow fly
Yep, high Neil
The real one?
The real one
I'll be God's friend
I'll be the real one when you was out and they wouldn't tell me what the trouble was
Well, they told everybody I left town
Right in the way glad to hear you voice again, I just got back in town from doing a movie called The Twisted World of Blowfly
Really?
Yeah, I sure wish we could play your records on here like the good old days
But you know, we got all these fancious pigs out there watching our uptight
I just finished an album and I like it in one more song
And I want to do one call Radio vs. TV or whatever, whatever you want to call it
And I want you to put something together for me and I got a track and I put it to music
Okay
Yeah, just don't have to just don't have to land just right to choose or whatever you think from way back up and now
And now just don't know we can use names in another than yours
No, sure we can
Okay, all right, put it in there, we need to look over this anyway
Okay
And we'll do it part, wrap and part vocals and I'll be calling you back when you put something together
Great, and probably you get abandoned for Lauderdale
Right
Okay, blow fly good here from here, take care of yourself
Do it in the face
Okay, all right, bye bye
Bye, what a guy
Those were the days, huh?
When we had an audience
Well, hey listen, I can't help it, I mean now everything has to be oh yes sir, no sir
I mean we live in a fancious country and the people in the country are too stupid
But there he goes, being negative again, he's being negative, we don't want to hear that
We already know the world has screwed up, we want to escape
We want to escape, we want to see Madonna rubber thing against our sinews ahead
That's it, that's what it's all about
God, what a thought, it's that's Pat Sayjac, Miami
Stand your boy
Okay, well I think we got the message the first time pal
But if it's so boring how come you're still there and you keep calling back
Stick your fingers somewhere else beside the phone, okay?
Might be a big improvement
751 putts in Dade County, we have an opening there, also Boken Pambi
To open up again like the Dead Sea, or is it the Red Sea?
The Red Sea?
Whatever
I see
Water Hill
Is Water Hill gone?
See this was all, these were phony baloney, you know, you gave us a false sense of security
I told you, I have to know where they all go
Yeah, I just told you that, right, and then half of Mark Crank's anyway, a Fort Lauderdale
Yeah
Yeah
How long was that break a minute ago, it seemed like about seven minutes
How long was it?
Yeah, do we invent the seven minute break?
Three and a half, it says here, I wasn't paying any attention, I was opening this thing
Got it seem longer than the four minute one yesterday
Well, we're working on about a 20 minute break, that's why we've included the program
All grid radio, just all spots
My boss wants to know when the news is, I can go back to work
One o'clock, half hour time
I got to hold on that long?
Yes
Oh well, put me back on hold then
Hold on tight
1231 and WIOD, Broward, Boken Pambi
Three open lines here, it's glaring, we're still not hearing from those embarrassing people
I guess they're gone, they're gone forever
See what I mean, fickle, fickle town, WIOD
Yeah, hi, is this Marvin?
Yes
Kathy Livingston, hi Kathy
How are you? Good
Can I just talk to Neil Briefly?
Sure, hold on a second, Kathy
Okay, we have a Boken, now we got Broward filled up, there are 278 knots
Oh, we got the knots landing for you
Okay, now get that other one out of my life, I got no one here there
Here's that crap, let's talk about Paige
Yeah
The knots landing, ladies, better get a very high for a few, here's this
So, well Lord
Look at that, we just lost the call
I don't want LA law, put that away, Rob, you're I don't want to even see the cards
Thank you, Roger, get that thing out of here
Okay, there's William and Devane playing Jack Nicholson playing the Joker, did you see Batman?
It's a good show last, horrible movie
It was a good show last week, horrible movie
But there I go being negative again
It's a, by the way, I have a theory about one aspect of them
WIOD
Hello
Hi
Hello
Hello
Hi
Hi, I can barely hear you
Well, I can hear you
Yes
It's good, I just want to tell you to stand high
And I hope there's a chance that he'll come back in afternoon
Oh, don't start this up again, please, please
No, I don't want to eat it, let's stop all of that
I'm not a field if in morning
He won't take it again
Oh God, stop, stop, stop
Stop, stop, stop
Got the crap, this station is like drowning from all this bickering and infighting
And you know, it used to be fun, it's not fun anymore, it's like a disease here, it's got to stop
Well, that's the point we want
We can't change our lineup like you change your underwear, we just can't do it
Let's bash the Yankees, though
Exactly, rip the Yankees
Anyway, well, we can't get stand back or so and else I guess we just have to look forward to you
And not landing, that's about all there is in this town
Oh, you like not landing?
I love it
Hey, I have a theory, you know, the security guy that's stalking Michelle
Uh-huh
He is not the one, it's the TV producer that's doing all the naughty stuff
Oh, you're kidding
No, I'm not kidding you
Why?
The security guy is going to be, he's going to turn out to save her life
How do you like that? Well, we'll just have to all wait and see
Okay
That'll be our cliffhanger for the season
That's it
You sure it's not the producer, the woman, the big one
It is, she's behind it all
I thought you meant the guy
No, she's behind it all
Well, that would be too obvious because that's what they're trying to make it look like
I don't know
Well, anyway, I got to go, there's my exit
Okay, have a happy day
Thank you
1234, you're happiness station, WIOD, where everybody is so damn happy, it's almost sickening
Look at that, they're chowning the fan
Or are these people running there for like 10 seconds and they go off?
Chowning the fan
Is there something new that's happening between noon and one like a life that's going on in this town?
Because I don't know if it would never had like this in the noon hour
We used to have it for all four hours
It's that guy on Zeta
Oh, WIOD
Hi, could I speak with Neil?
Sure, hold on a second, WIOD, hello, goodbye
That must have been a big start picking up WPB arm, making those calls again
A 524 WIOD in the Broward and 278 Puts in Boca
Rick and Puts will be along at two, they got open phones today tomorrow
They have the World Federation wrestling douche bags or whatever the hell that is
And they've got, what is it?
You already took it off, if you're a macho king, Randy Savage will be on
For some of those real macho guys that we heard from earlier and also for some of you silly savages in the audience
WIOD
Hold on, and we have two open lines in Broward
I'm really pumping these numbers today just to make a point
I don't know what the point is but it's fun
524 WIOD, Palm Beach
Hey Neil, it's a nice landing lady
Hey, how you doing?
I told you we didn't inspire you with that music, right?
I know it
What the hell is going on there? Are you in Rosa's house?
I'll tell you
You know what I think you're right, I agree with you
That it's the guy producer, it's not the guy
No, I didn't say it was, I thought that's what Stan was talking about
No, that's what I think it is
Do you?
Yeah
Because he's coming on like he's Karen's good buddy and best friend
And I think he's like trying to get her into the second
He's trying to what?
He's trying to be your good buddy but he's going to end up being not tonight
Yeah, well he's a little bizarre anyway so it's possible
He's not normal like most of the people on that show
Like Val
Like Val, normal like Val
I love Val
Please
Do you hear the bad news about Valvo?
What?
Do you like that rated the worst character ever?
I don't care, she's beautiful
Now now there is depressing and negative
I mean there is really a difference
She's getting back with Gary and everything
Oh please, really?
Nothing is ever fine with her, okay?
And then did you hear that the her ex-husband that disappeared was now a auto-race driver
Or some damn thing was in that list of in people magazine of the 50 most beautiful people in the world?
No
You're kidding
What was his name?
Um, Ben
Ben
What was it? Ben?
Yeah, how's he Ben?
He's been better than Danny
I'll tell you one thing if he's one of the 50 most beautiful people in the world
There is hope for anybody
Even Howard Stern
Even Howard Stern, yeah, Paige was in there
Paige was in Nicolai Sheridan was in there, yeah
Pat Peterson didn't make it though
Does that tell you everything you need to know?
Yeah, but Sandberg was there
Yeah, which also he didn't belong there
He had a real good, that was a real good thing
That was a very flattering picture of him too by the way
By the way yesterday somebody asked it's not 90 something
Yesterday was I think 109 games in a row without an error
And he's also consecutive chances broken that record by you at Peterson
Pat Peterson, Sandberg is not doing too bad either
Sandberg is right on his tail
So does Steve
He never had it there, has he?
Boy, I'm not getting it
Well anyway, looks like this week Michael and Linda are going to do something
Yeah, I think this week tomorrow will be really good
Maybe a kiss on the cheek
You know, he starts very slow
He don't want to just jump right into anything
I'm like last year when he and Paige were really getting into it
That's when it was good
It was good, it was good
It was good, two beautiful people
Man
So Stan, you got a satellite dish?
How are you going to watch it tomorrow?
What do you mean? I have cable
I thought you were working
No, Laurie tapes the cheek
She doesn't watch it, we watch it when I get home
Oh, okay
She doesn't watch it, she tapes it, that's a real dedicated wife for you
Absolutely
Or she's life to you and watches it anyway
And I think there comes have the day off tomorrow
So I have to worry about any game because they're coming home to play the podraise and the braves
Wow, am I looking forward to those braves
Well, I'm looking forward to my satellite dish
Good, are you really getting one?
Yeah, I'm really getting one
Great, well listen, I finally tracked down
Remember all those calls we had a few months ago about the alleged feed?
Yes
Well, it comes over on Tuesday night, Wednesday morning at 3.50 am on the Canadian satellite, Anik 1 on Channel 4
Have you ever taped it?
No, because I just discovered that while I was sitting at home with nothing to do
There's a couple of weeks I was scouring through the satellite guide
Right
And it comes through, I know nothing about it coming through at 9 o'clock at the night
It does, it's not listed anywhere and I can't find it
But a three, so if you just set your machine
Right
You can get the new episode of the day before anybody else does
That sounds different
And then call Neil
That's right
Say whether it's worth watching
Call Neil and tell him all about it
That's right
For him
For everybody
That sounds good
Okay
So maybe next week I'll be able to do that
Please
Okay
All right, we'll talk to you later
1243 at WIOD, the Nots Landing Boy
Yes, Neil
Yes, sir
How you doing?
Okay
I agree, I think it's the female producer that's trying to put it over on Karen
Oh, but that would be too obvious
Well, what do you expect?
Yeah
I was just at Hollywood
Yeah
I was watching that, I was up the last one, I guess it was about two in the morning
And at Channel 39 here
They were showing really old episodes of Matt's Landing
Where they're like Karen's wearing like Dull Bottom jeans
And Gary was an alcoholic
Are you cereal?
Yeah, that's right
What time was this?
I think it was about two in the morning
Two were two thirty
I remember when they were showing in the daytime about 11 in the morning
I don't remember what the channel was
And they were showing all those episodes from about five years ago
Boy, that was some interesting stuff
It is interesting, it's interesting to see how all these things are developed
And what happened?
There were a lot of things developing
Belize on Sad Feeterson was 11
He was not 11, he was about 18
Barely legal, but that's okay
And this one, Gary was an alcoholic
He was just drinking...
Hey, listen, if Mr. Watts' name they used to be here
And watch 12-year-old Twinkies on Dance Party
I can...
God, talk about desperate
So it was pretty interesting
And Gary was with Abby, Donna Mills
She was just...
Well, they ran out of Vaseline for the lens
They couldn't use that filter anymore, it was just custom-today much
They had to get her off the show
And so they did
I always stayed bring her back, you know
She was...
She had a certain element, you know, like hostility
I thought they were going to portray Olivia
To be in her mold, but...
By the way, now whatever happened, she came to Miami
I bet if we conducted a search we could find Olivia
And what's his name?
Harold...
Harold was...
I bet you we could find them
I think I saw him on the turnplay class, right, too
Yeah, they could like double date with Sean and Madonna
They're both a couple of slime bags
Who look like they haven't bade in about ten years, especially Harold
And maybe they'll run into Nadia
Her boyfriend
Nadia
Yeah
Okay, Neil Stanley, talk to me both
Thanks for the bambry
Okay, take care
1245 at W-I-O-D
I didn't know that was the case
Aren't you, I feel very negative in depressing
Oh, after the not-slanding thing?
No, just in general
Oh
A 524 downer in Dade County in the Broward
And 655 W-I-O-D in Palm Beach
Now, come on, we know you people on Palm Beach are mostly listening to lead followers show
What's he doing today?
Coca-Cola, are you drinking it?
I haven't any idea
Is Mike Miller still on that station?
Has anybody known?
Gilbert would know
Come on, Gilbert, call up Nick and let him know
He's a Mike Miller call Gary Bruce and try to get me fired by the way
For what?
Because he wants to put him on the air?
Yeah, because he wants to put him on the air
I'll screw you, Gilbert, okay?
You're getting chronic and you're a pain in the ass, but we love you, Gilbert
Well, speaking of that, what happened to that card?
Man, oh man, if I go through the whole day today and I don't play that now
Don't tell me that that card's gone
That would frost my picture
You're looking to it
Oh, yeah, Gilbert's stuff is down there
The Q-A-M Gilbert thing that they were kind enough to send me a virgin copy of
That I played yesterday for the first time the real clear good copy
By the way, the Stan Major nighttime extravaganza will be on the air tomorrow
They don't care
Yeah, they want to know when we're going to be
Um, or one time shot this week
What did they tell us that card?
Now I'm going to look around forward and if it's not here, boy, Rick and Puts are going to have some real explaining to do, okay?
Because they got their fingers into everything
I told him play anything you want, but I think when they start, if they're going to start playing neo-rodules disease
It'll be a little bit too much, you know?
I don't want them to start getting like you and playing all of my material
I don't want them to start getting like you and playing all of your material
I have never played a regular thing
Collar reports Mike Miller is still on WJ at ONE
And he's always boring as when he said in his chair
No wonder it feels a little squeaky, Miami
Driving home to music
Driving home to music
Driving home to sports
And weather all the different views
Driving home to music
Driving home to news
Driving home to sports
And weather all the different views
Shot, shot, shot
Driving home to music
Driving home to music
Driving home to music
Driving home to music
Driving home to music
WIOD
Thank you Mike, okay that was Mike Disney
1248
What are you laughing about? He's very big into that card
Okay, let's do a little spot here
And then during the rest of the break I'll scour
Or I'll do my damnedest to find a Gilbert thing
Or if that disappeared we are all I still have the cassette
But I'd hate to have to dub it all over again
I don't like dubbing off cassette because it's not precise
You know, so you're absolutely right
Anyway, I always do it
As I started to say, okay I'm torn between
I don't know because we're almost at the end of the hour
And if I played the Gilbert thing that's got to run about two minutes right?
Kathy is gone. How do you like that?
WIOD
Home for Neil
You're holding for me?
For you?
Okay, hold on a second WIOD
How you doing?
Hold on a second, okay?
Don't go away
Now you were doing what?
Sir?
Neil?
Yes
I'm sorry, I'm getting a little mixed up here
I know that's your idea man
I look to keep everybody on their toes
I'm in my office, I don't have a radio I just wanted to give you a call
Great, how you doing?
Good! What you doing?
You feeling better?
Who you doing?
I'm feeling pretty good today
Slowly but surely every I'd say that about 83% the healed
83% huh?
I'm gonna go see Ernest Angel and see if he can heal the rest
Hey you're in the hospital with a friend of mine's father
Herb
Herb jock
Great guy, I got his number I got to give him a call
I got his number at home
He had more laughs in those three days
It was just a constant laughter
He's a great guy
I want this school with his son Michael
Did you get a chance?
Yeah, I met the whole family
He's got a great family, they're all super people
I'm serious, we had more fun laughing
I don't know about what though
Just you got a laugh when you're in the hospital
You're gonna cry, you know?
And he's just a fun guy, he's a super guy
Yeah
All right, can you just put me on a whole family?
Sure, no problem
All right, take it easy now
Okay, say hi to a mic
Who do?
Okay, 1253
Yeah, you heard me talk about it
I told you about her
Did you?
Yeah, I saw him
You met him? Yeah
Oh, he's a funny guy, he really is
He's hysterical
Now, he said
Three or four strokes
And he was in this time he had chest pain
He had not a stroke or heart attack
But he had chest pain and some other problems
And he's like 68 I think he said
Something like that
And strong as a horse
I mean just incredible
I know you're getting bored
Okay, Miami, hello
Hi, Neil
Hi
I'm in a real jam
Maybe you can help
Yes
I moved to Southern California
And I can't find a good talk show host
Well, you'll have to move again
What are you doing here?
My mother lives here and I came to help her move
And I've worked I have to move
Why, is she leaving too?
No, she moved out
Maybe that's what happened to the audience
Maybe they all moved out of town
No, she just moved down the street
Two other condos so I came into help her but I can't
To the condo?
From one to another
But I can't find a good talk show host
Well, I'll get out of here
Your buddy don't like us, forget it
Oh, he's terrible
He sucks
He sucks
He's like a poor little brat Tom Leicas
He stinks
Big
It's like most restaurants down here
You say can't complain about the service here
Because they don't have any
Same thing
Well, at least they have decent food here
I can't find a good restaurant in Orange County
Oh, come on
They do have a bad food in California
I don't think I ever had a bad meal in California
They're all health food, freaks
Well
Nothing is...
Don't you like Mexican?
They got great Mexican restaurants
Sure, but you can't have Mexican every day
I always got jack into box if you want to stick your finger down your throat
Or Carl's Jr
Oh, please
I know
But no idea
Well, where are you? Are you Nellie?
Well, I'm in a little town called Sunset Beach
It's just south of LA
It's actually Orange County
Ooh
Well, there are a lot of people like wear sheets
No, it's nice there
Okay
Well, go over to Santa Monica, you'll have a good time there
Hang out with Jane Fonda and the whole gang
But no talk shows you can recommend
There are no talk shows in LA
It's a very...I mean, you got K-A-B-C
With all those plastic Michael Jackson, all those really boring people
Oh, God, is he boring
And then you got K-F-I, which is our sister station
With speaker itself, you got Likus and...
What's his name?
The right winger, what's his name?
Oh, the network guy
Yeah
Rush, Bimbo
Rush
Bush Bimbo
And, you know, not too much
There's a Valley station KGIO has a talk lineup, has some good people on it if you can get them
KGIO
I'll try that
But you have to be a Valley girl to listen
Well, not, I'm really, it might be...
Well, give us a call, collect from out there sometime
And we're always lately, we got a lot open call
Since I got sick, man, they just hate me like poison because I'm depressing and negative
And they want everybody to be real upbeat, you know?
Well, I will, I'll give you a call, I'll be back in a few days
Okay
All right, thanks, Neil, feel better
Okay, thanks
Bye-bye
1256 in WIO, it would be like you're lying on the floor, you know, having a heart attack
You can't you be a little more positive?
You know, maybe you're not feeling good, but can't you give us a little yuck and laugh out here?
We don't want to hear your problems
They're desperate
They are desperate, in more ways than one, have you seen most of them?
Miami
Hi, Neil
Hi
Hi
I'm glad to see that you're back
Thank you, you heard that you're back and you just found wonderful
I'm doing much better
Great, I would like to make a...
Although I just saw Tom Dendinberg walk down the hall, I may have a relapse
I think Mac did it, it's doing it to Val
I mean to, to his wife, Karen
Yeah, Mac, he's too good
Oh, they would Mac could never do that, come on
No, Mac is Mr. Purety, Mr. Norway
I know, but wouldn't you just like to see him change it a little bit?
No, let's see, if I had to pick someone, maybe William DeVain is doing it
That's interesting, because he certainly would like to be doing it with everything that moves, I know the sand
You have such a great, wonderful show, I'm so glad I found you, everything on FM is really crummy
Yeah, maybe Pat Peterson is doing it, maybe he's trying to get even with mom for making it such a panty waste
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, you catch my drift
What about Mac Secretary? She needs a bigger role
Yeah, well she's got one, it's an onion roll, she just got it at Carl's Jr.'s matter of fact
At a Ralph supermarket
Well listen, oh look at that, Chuck Myers in there, what was that?
I wrote that letter from later or something, you're coming up with some of the most bizarre stuff, Chuck
I think too many pirate losses lately, like last night, and too much of that stuff he been getting into
Well, I look what it did to our friend, anyway listen, it's great hearing from you
Okay
And have a good one
Stay well
Bye-bye
Poor Chuck, boys, he's going to have a newscaster want to clock
Things have been a little bit slow lately, so he's been busy making up the hot stuff
He also has Alex Dowd locked in the news booth there, and boy are they going to have some finger-looking good stories to tell
I hear Chuck on the 7 o'clock news in the morning, he's morning guy now, and then he gets out of here in the afternoon
We have what's his name, Sean Cassidy, Shane Thomas
The Pirates lose?
Yes, 4 to 1 to the Dodgers last night, and the Cubs won by the way, 7 to 4, they had 15 hits, they're breaking out of it
Uh-oh
And the lookout is all I can tell you, lookout because we're on our way from San Jose
I taped that game, I didn't know the fight
And we got Mike Harkey on this afternoon, so if you get a home and you got a satellite dish which you don't have, it'll be a-
But you can call me at home if the Cubs win, I'll give you all the report, and the buck goes R&L again tonight
And they're pitching Harvey Haddicks
Okay, get in there and let's look at our chops for this exciting newscast, it's the big one, two hour coming up after the news
Rick and Puts are in the building now, they're going through my carts, and they'll be along with the two to six open phones today
And the wrestling people in Mamacho, Randy Savage, and all new macho guys, these guys are for you, man, they're so butch, it's disgusting
It's the VAM2TUEWA, hi babe
560 WQAM, and Gilco presents the Singing Sensation of the 90s radio legend and Tachyo groupie, Gilberts, sings for you
Loud loud, get a loud, I get a loud, Fuddy woman, walking down the street, Fuddy woman, the kind I like to meet
Is Gilbert's magic from A to Z?
Wild thing, you make my heart sing, you make everything gloomy, wild thing
You get every record ever recorded from the animals to the zombies, who could forget this timeless classic
These boots are made for walking, and that's just what they'll do, one of these days these boots are gonna lock all over you
And the song that said America's romantic hearts on fire, strangest and the night, exchanging glances, strangest and the night
They're all sung just for you by Gilbert, ever sung, ever written, every song, ever recorded
Interpreted just for you by the golden throat himself, Gilbert
Love me, tender love me, true, when a man loves like woman
Order yours today, the 40 records setter, true CDs, just 995 plus $26 shipping and handling
No respectable shipping company would touch it
Order today for operators are standing by to take your order now, this record collection is not available in stores, they wouldn't have it
Call the number flashing on your screen, 1-800 Gilbert Croats, that's 1-800 Gilbert's C-R-O-A-K-S
Order now and you'll also get the Gilbert's sing to the crowd 45
Say me out to the ball game, say me out to the crowd, buy me some peanuts and crackers
Remember, if you want it right, it's got to be Gilco
I like that part at the end where it was kind of like the drumroll fades and then it makes it come back
Are you stepping on me already?
He just came in here and already I stood like in the middle of a stage
You guys are so happy and proud
Well no, I want to be real negative again, I don't want to get your audience all hooked up
That one douchebag, you guys, I know it's just what?
No, there were at least three, the one there was the one guy, the, well that's stopped, that's not going to happen
No, what was the one guy, I guess you know him, he calls himself the something in Coral Springs, what did he call him so?
I don't know
Yeah, oh absolutely, Mr. Gina, he's another pus
No, he's not a chronic regular, no, this is somebody, one of your people, one of the four guys you had listening to Waxi
And then later on, there was some young pseudo intellectual yuppie, oh I used to listen to more but I haven't listened because you guys are so positive and he's so negative
And like I said, my second week, I was real positive too, now give it about a month
And when you sit here and you keep giving the number 40 times, you guys have read all the jokes and your jokes
I'm not all that positive
Well what the hell is wrong with you?
Crap going on
What's your problem?
That's not working
Second week on the show, I already is bitching and complaining, okay, don't be a mal content, they don't like that around here
I'm not working that way
They like it like Reneerie, keep your mouth shut, do the show and get the hell out
It's good advice
And don't mess with management, okay?
And stay the hell away
And leave the sports department alone
Alright
Right?
Right
Okay, you're hired
Hello Neil
Yes sir
What do you think of Reneerie?
What do you like to do?
What do I think of Rene'Sotion?
Yes, Nibbukrano
Lapping stock of the history of radio sir
But he's the piece of theft
Yeah, that's why he's got a point three sir
We have an opening and date, one in Broward and one in Palm Beach
We have Stan, we have Rick of Rick and Puts, Puts is in the other room putting on his argyle socks
W-Y-O-D
Hi Neil
Hold on one moment please
Oh no, just go ahead
Nick can't do the call, I can't believe it
I can
He's had a lot of business on that other phone today, he must know wonder he's got the first Marvin
David, Marvin's out yield today, I know that's unusual, but Marvin had, he almost had a string like Ryan Sandberg going there
He had like four consecutive days that he showed up
Oh yeah?
If you got to tell you, you're answering your own phones Saturday, there's no extra in this show
Oh I wonder if you're wondering if you're doing this
This lady's trying to talk
Oh, tell her to put her on hold
Are they depressing?
They got a crappy attitude man, I'm getting really sick of it
I like to be looked at the positive things in life
Like going home at two o'clock and watching the Cubs win
Well I have something else positive now
But if they lose tomorrow, I'll be real negative in depressing again
You guys are a great team
Cut the crap, go ahead
Okay, go ahead, I'm reading this on a magazine
And it says, at press time there's been no further work from CBS on its plans to launch a summer spin-off series starring young Pat Peter Sein
Yeah, we got that at some time back, yeah
Wow
So that's how much I think I'm taking the whole summer off
I'm gonna have a little relapse right about the first of June
We'll have to wait and see
Yeah, won't that be exciting?
Yeah
I don't know if he can get through the whole summer without doing anything but knowing the way they've written that character I think it's possible
Did you didn't hear the end of the unit?
He's a unique character, what is it?
Did you hear my interview with him?
Yes
And then he said he heard an autograph picture
He said, love and kisses and I think there was something on it
He started to get a little surly after the third guy called in to talk about Nicolet Sheridan
Yeah, they did a lot of them talk about her didn't they?
Yeah, I don't think they get along well
I think they schedule him again to call
Hi
I think he should call me a photograph, yeah
Yeah, I think we can have that
It's celebrity, what is it? Celebrity sleuth?
He's not interested in that, he's not interested in the whole box
Peter Sein being photographed in the news
Yeah, where do I get down? Turned out it was a lookalike
Did you hear that?
Yeah
The cards started
And it stopped
It stopped
Rogers got these things rigged, these are LA lawn machines
It started to stop like an automatic arrow
Was that louder one huh?
Wow
Bring it up and piss off the LA lawn fans
And GTR
That's it
Oh, did I hit that little poster? That was good
That was nice
Anyway, almost like Ricky Tiki yesterday
Give you a hat
Yeah
So anyways
Well listen
Okay, it's gonna be a real thriller tomorrow night
And if I pick it up on a satellite I'll spoil it for you tomorrow
Okay
Okay, see
It's 11 after 1 at W.I.O.
What are those phones? They're going pretty good today, aren't they?
We had a couple of adult moments
But considering that Stan is here knowing how he pressing and boring he is
And he actually brought out some of the people who hate him, some of those young up
That's great
I heard
That's too much
That gets the adrenaline going
That gets everything
That gets this blood boiling man
What?
Makes him feel good
Who when people call in and bitch at me
Me?
Makes you feel good
I don't want my blood boiling
And I don't want my, I just want to be nice and calm
Like I have been all day, you know, it's seeming getting hysterical
Right?
Screw you
Alright, we have an opening in date
It's getting real upset about that because the Rick and Puts are surveying the situation
They never have any open lines on their show, man
They must kneel right here and have his seat at 5 o'clock
No, they were full at 5 o'clock, I just said that on the U.S.
Yeah, you were talking to your biggest bunch of pussheads I ever heard in my life
W-I-O-D
Get those guys out of your studio
Exactly, what the hell are they doing?
Get them out
What the hell do you want, sir?
Exactly, this caller was right
Alright, we'll take a break while we try to rectify the situation
It's 112 in W-I-O-D
I prefer Stan Major
I prefer Stan Major
I definitely prefer Stan Major
I prefer Stan Major
I prefer Stan Major
I prefer Stan Major
I prefer Stan Major
I prefer Stan Major
I personally don't
There you have it, 9 out of 10 doctors prefer Stan Major
Over General anesthesia
116 in W-I-O-D
You're the interesting thing there
But the interesting part about that card I was just thinking that
Is that about half the voices on there are no longer here
That's true
And I think if you wait about another three months
Here's a mobile and brow it got to be gone
Got to be gone
I'm here
I can't believe it
What a loyal caller
Hey, I hung out through the ads and everything
God Almighty, this guy must be ready to rip us
No, not at all
What a nice guy
I'm a good guy
You can't be in South Florida or there will be a negative again
Oh no, yes
Because we all know
How am I native?
Born here in 1960
Well, we apologize to you
Not that I did it but a lot of people owe you an apology
They do
They've done a best town
How anybody can question
I mean I've been here a long time doing this
It's not like this is my second week, okay?
To the young pseudo
The young sueds that's a new soap opera coming soon to Fox
The young sueds
Well, I'm the best native here
Great
Neil, did you move out of where you live?
No comment
No comment
I don't discuss anything about where I live, where I live, where I live, where I live
I noticed that Fred and Brian saw moving, man
Well, that must have been my neighbors across the street
Oh, okay
And number two, someone called it, I think it was Rick said that
As a matter of fact, the people across the street did move in
Just the very day you're talking about it
Okay
Rick said Stan looks like Jerry Lee Lewis
No
I think Stan looks like Max on Heart to Heart
Well, I don't want to show someone who Max is
No, he looks more like Leo the leprechaun
Oh, close, yeah
What's wrong with that?
That is pretty good
Exactly, that ought to give three leprechaun calls
That's my favorite
I can't believe that guy followed me from Williams
Oh, well, what about the guy with Lardas?
He follows you everywhere
Boomer, oh, exactly
Loyalist, yeah, that's what we want
Oh, I don't care if they're good or not, as long as they're loyal
And did you know that Gilbert was that with Rick and Sputts
At the art show on the camera?
They just told me that he showed up as if I was supposed to be surprised
Well, not only that, but right before they went off the air
He had this thing take me out to the vlog and...
Oh, God, are you serious?
No, I'm serious
Oh, no
They're wonderful guys, they're doing great, the whole audience seems to love them
But please get an act, I mean, don't lie, it's embarrassing, you know?
Don't do my show, don't do my show and my...
Oh, I can say that they're a production, I'm cutting a film
I was like tripping over the roadways, I heard it
I know
Well listen, that's one thing they can steal with my blessings, I'll pack a sandwich
I'm sure you would
Okay, have a wonderful life
Hey, wait!
Yeah, oh, I just want to say hello to my friends Tony and Jay, up in that God forsaken place of Lake Worth
Okay
Are they over 100?
No, just under
Must be getting close, have a good one
Bye-bye
119 at WIOD, we have an opening in Broward, if you move very fast like lightning, you're Steve used to say
I wonder where he's going to wind up
You're looking at me?
No, I'm just thinking out loud
You're going to be back working for Dennis, can't we?
Well, oh, geez, what a quinoa they
Hey, that's going to be a thing
They are going to pay him the job now, they're not going to pay him that kind of money
He can't afford to live on what?
What did Al get in the last start up?
Reading
But two won
But two won in the morning
That's big
Yeah, oh, that whole station is in the toilet
If you think we went down, they were like non-existent
Not only, it's not only what the share is, but then when you analyze the demographic
It's how Debbie do
Death plus, she had a two-four I think
No, we're all in the twos
Yeah, except at night, I don't know, I think Wichner had a three or something, which is like a big number over there now
They're dead
You realize the shift that they have him more?
What?
The shift they have Wichner working eight until one
Yeah, which is not his hours at all
Which is why they're dying, because they don't know
And in that sports thing they put in there
Oh
They had like a .5 in the 7 o'clock hour
Although they did beat QAM who had a .3
Our sports between 6 and 8 was like double those two stations put together
Okay
And would he be even higher except for Yankee baseball
20 and 1
The one?
All the new stations in the country went up
They all went up
I don't believe it
Across the country
Oh, come on
They did
Get out of here
Get out of town
They did
They did say on green acres
Okay, 24 after one at WIOD
We're having a wonderful day
We're trying to be upbeat, not depressing, not too
Yeah, you're really doesn't sound like the old Neil
Up yours
Let's go to Pompo
Hey, how are you two wonderful guys
We're having a great day pal
It's a beautiful day at the Magic City
By the way, before at the risk
It's a beautiful day to get the bull
Listen, hold it at the risk of being negative
I forgot to mention that the people in Metro traffic need an animal
I mean, they have the last few days
You know, I haven't been back that long but my god
Every time you hear for a traffic, it's either the wrong person or there's nobody there
And when they do give the traffic, it is so wrong
I was coming to work this morning
I get off the turnpike at the Golden Glades
And Joe, what's his name, Brennan is saying
Oh, it's all backed up at the Golden Glades in 95
It's a big delay
We whipped through there
I mean, all of them say we the traffic, including myself about 65 miles an hour
There was no delay, there was no problem anywhere between there and here
And they are just so far out of it, man
They better get off those hallucinogens because they're losing it
They're nuts
Go ahead, sir, I'm sorry
Well, it's trying to be positive
I know, you know me, Mr. Depression
Yeah, it's so damn negative
It's a beautiful day, it's a beautiful day
It is, it's a great day for doing it
Hello, hello Rick
So anyway
So last night I met the defensive driving school
I had a one of those, huh?
One of those smart ass punks that drives about 100 miles an hour in the school zone?
No, no, no, I just run over old people in Hellendale
Good
So anyway, I'm there at the class and we took a short 10 minute break
So I strolled on down to the little coin drug store to have down there
By the way, if there are any tourists still in town, the Hellendale J-walking kamikaze
will be doing their things straight at 2 o'clock this afternoon on Hellendale Beach Boulevard
You don't want to miss it
Oh, definitely don't miss it
Get over and make the fourth race at Goffin
It's a great day, it's a great wonderful, wonderful day, don't miss it
Although they're not open to their Gulf Stream, but you can't lose a dime
So anyway, you were doing a hundred
Yeah, right, 100, 100
You went through 100 down the stairs for the quick 10 minute break and my defensive driving class
And...
And long behold, in the bottom shelf on the 45 cent candy machine was a Milky Way dark bar
Wow, and did you get it?
Oh, of course
And...
I got out six of them
Now, why are you so happy today?
Yes, well, I was happier this morning whenever they came out okay
And when your blood sugar goes up to 600, you'll really be happy
I'm a young guy, I'm a young guy
Yeah, I know, you can handle it
Well, this is a very, absolutely wonderful day
And...
I'm glad you liked my candy bar
And remember, and never forget that this is a wonderful city and a wonderful town
And it was a wonderful call
Thank you very much
And Bill and Ted say hi
I thought I'd buy it
And forever years live
27 after one, the only reason you're trying to pump candies because you keep buying new sugars futures
You're not fooling anybody, okay?
I just bought another car
Using the airwaves for a personal gain, okay?
Little expose, they better get talian sandwiches over here now
And old penny Daniels
Did my broker call?
We got a little expose here, the man with a sugar futures is peddling candy bar
To rot your teeth and ruin your health ladies and gentlemen, don't pay any attention
Heartless cruel bastard for Lauderdale
Uh, the hour?
Yeah
This is a new wrist, a new wristner
Well, that's wonderful
My name is Nancy
Nancy, where have you been?
Uh, well, I've been missing twenty-one space for a second now
Oh, Nancy, how can you do that?
WFTL, but maybe 10
WFTL, are they still on the air?
Uh-oh, I just was telling her, telling her, you're so chained
Last night, it gave it I was going to call you
Really?
That first contact
Now, you didn't have that little kid there with him last night, did he?
He didn't, but I just heard you
I just heard you talk negatively about him
I thought, isn't this interesting?
Yeah, while we like to do that, you know, we like to have little back and forth, you know
Especially when you have the listening audience at Ernie's God
You could have him in your living room and have room left over for the Russian Army
What about the Iran?
Oh, now there is a winner
Uh, Ernie, well, I'm sorry that you're a video
Well, I'm doing real good now
I don't know you, I'm sorry, hope that you're a continuation
Good recovery
Okay, well, you sound real chipper today
Thank you, Anne, I'm looking forward to a big day Saturday
I'm from Broadway
Oh, great!
Are you going up there?
No, are you here though?
But you'll watch it on the TV
So my father had two of the best boxes to chill down?
Well, who do you like in the Derby?
Uh, I know who he is
Mr. Frisky
That's why I heard that
Right, not going to pay very much, but I think he'll do it
Uh-huh
Well, maybe
I don't know, is he talking about the security?
Yeah, sure is
Okay, Nancy, nice talking to you
How about that?
How about that?
Was that her name, Nancy?
I hope, well, my mind is going
Anyway, Nick, how come Dave Johnson hasn't called us this year
Like he did last year before the Derby
I got a nice Christmas card from Dave from New York, from wherever
And we're carrying the Derby
Although Nick thought it was last week, it is this Saturday at 506 with
Dave Johnson is the track announcer who will be calling the Derby as he does every year for ABC
And, um, I think, don't they Simon Cass?
Yeah, they Simon Cass, the thing I'm radioing TV, so we'll help you on here
Yeah, and he called us last year for like the two, three days before the Derby and Chatted
And Tom Durkin also, so maybe you can get a hold of him, okay?
So to speak
130, let's go look at those phones
Yeah, they are, they're all in up and then take a picture of that right now
Get, so wait a minute, yesterday I was asking about the Donny Osman pictures
And all of a sudden everybody's mowed, oh, the George is a photographer
And they're all like puking and everybody, what happened? Did he get deported or something? Where did he go?
I guess it was Melvin was telling me, but you were in there and everybody was saying, God, what, how do you know he's gone?
It says, Jorge is long gone, but how do you know that?
I understand that, but how do we know for sure?
But he's such a group if he was still around, he would have been, you know, he told you what?
He told you what? Does that make sense to you? He told me
He was leaving
So he left town with my god damn Donny Osman pictures, huh? He's probably in Salt Lake City selling news douchebag
Never trust a guy who just got off a rubber boat, okay? Especially on South Beach
Okay, Wilton Manners, hello
Yeah, howdy, I just have to drop those photos all the way up
And I thank you profusely, they, I don't know about the orange, but the Red Raspberry Diet right is sensational
I thought that's Tangerine
Oh, that's Tangerine?
Yeah
Well, we're going to start singing that, we're going to have Alex come back to sing it
That came down to the Red Raspberry
Banana River area, it's about the only decent stuff there
Delicious, and I thank you
And if we get on the stick with publics and Windixie and force them to carry this stuff, it's good stuff
Hey, the question was, I go up there about every other week, she's my mother, she's not old enough to live down here
Right
Okay
If you figure out which flavor you want to drag you some down
Hey, listen, these would be great, I mean these, I don't know what other ones they got, I guess I'll have to watch ESPN every day and see what flavors they're advertising
Strawberry, lemon, these sort of thing
Yeah, anything, I like them all, you know me, I'm easy
All right, I appreciate it, thank you
And say hi to mom
We'll see
Bye
What a good guy, he brought down four big two-year bottles of the flavored diet right so does Red Raspberry and Tangerine are salt free, sodium free, caffeine free, and sugar free
And I'm like some of those real extreme diets so does they are not paste free, you know
Really, no this is really good, the Red Raspberry is delicious
I used to drink diet right all the time before diet
It's good, and if you're like a diabetic or on a real restricted diet or even like any of the diets
Weight Watchers, Nutri-Assystem, they recommend if you're going to drink a lot of diet soda, use diet right because it doesn't have the caffeine, sodium
Yeah
Because you have a lot of sodium and you retain the water and you don't lose the weight
I'm not doing a plug for them, but I'm sure we can get you
Sure you are
Here's a call for Stan, must be his broker, how's the sugar doing?
That's okay
I just want, it's not really for Stan, I just wanted to say hi and welcome back to the air, I've ever heard you in a while
Yeah, all right
Tomorrow night, sir, and then all next week
Really?
You're back, exciting?
Yeah, that is, that's great, anyway, Neil
Yes, sir
Did you know that there are two Neil Rogers shows on the air every day?
Ten to two and two to six
No, I'm serious now
I'm just a little joke
Ten to two here
Yes
Okay, and then ten to two at night, over on FTL
Who's doing my show over there now?
Call Lyon
I'm dead serious
Call Lyon, he's back on air again
He's got everything, he's got the dying over here callers, he's got every effort that is on the best of Neil Rogers
Well, what are they going to play?
One on FTL, my God, they must be ready to sign off
And get this Gilbert call last night
Well, I'm sure that
And you know what he had to say?
Is that a news bulletin?
Brother, this is an update, this is so smartly, you know what he wanted to know?
He says, I'll bet you got a lot of spy reports about me, how many spy reports?
Oh, no
He wanted to know how to play with me
Oh, Lyon, Chang-Yer, this is the same guy who told Craig Ward, I've never spoken to Paul Lyon, I've never seen him in my life
And he tells Craig Warding, he's a good friend of mine, shortly after I've been to hospital, I had spoken to Craig, and he says, oh no, Neil didn't have a stroke
I know the inside story, I just spoke to him
I've never spoken to the man in my life, he is the greatest BS artist since Steve Kane, since Steve, and maybe he made it to Steve
He's good, he's real good, I don't know if he's playing these things out of the station or somebody's patching it through
Maybe you need to check whoever's on the beach
Oh, in other words, he's recording our stuff off the air and Steve is in the evening
Maybe you need to check and see who's on duty on IOD from 10 to 2, somebody might have a phone patch over there
Yeah, could be
I mean, I don't know
Well, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, maybe you need to check and see who's on duty on IOD from 10 to 2, somebody might have a phone patch over there
I'm just going to play a game tonight, right?
What game?
Are you going to watch a baseball game this afternoon?
You all, if you get time, can you listen to Paul Lyle tonight, just 10 to 11, I thought you were going to be joking
Paul Lyle, can I explain something to you?
Paul Lyle used to be here during these hours briefly, and he was so bad that he was replaced by Bill McQuague who was a board op
who had never done a, I'm not lying to you, who had never done a talk show in his life
Well, that explains why he was replaced by Bill McQuague
Who was also so bad that he was replaced by the Dean, and when you're replaced by the Dean, that's like, you know, that would be like George Bush being replaced by William McKinley, you know
Well, he's doing pretty well over here, right?
Well, he's not being all bad
Considering that he's got five listeners who just call in alternately, you know, they take turns and call in and they disguise their voice
Well, I have one thing to say to Paul Lyle
I'm dying on my hands
Yeah, now see, that's what he's getting, he gets the, not somebody called in the first time and he said, I'm dying over here, right?
And he didn't do it right, so he says, now I'm a, I'm dying over here, Connistor, do it right, and he let him call
Oh, this is the same guy who used to say on here, if it's the last thing I do, I'm getting Neil Rogers off the radio
and he's the most disgusting douchebag that I've ever called, you are such a windbag and so full of crap
and I hope you have a wonderful life over there with your 40 wants at night and your six listeners
I mean, even Norman Kent was a genius in radio compared to that
Oh, he's off the air now
I know that he couldn't handle it anymore, too much pressure with that big audience
You know who's taking his show to my dog, Paul Lyle
No, in all seriousness, you know who's taking his show
Sky
No, me, you know who this is?
Sky
Yeah, it's tall
Neil, you didn't go all this time and I did not know this was Charles
What do you know if you had some kind of a brain transplant?
No, no, I'm the same person, I just, I know when to be, to give you a fiery pour
I have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to be sleeping late during the daytime
like to least two
But Neil, I promise I won't do anything from your show
Let's see, that's the one thing I can give you that you know
Oh, I think about your relapse Charles
Oh, no, have a great day
Okay, Neil
Good luck to you, all right
You'll need it
137, oh my god, Charles, that's this kid, he's gonna be a talk host
Anybody in the audience like to be a talk show host?
Huh?
Anybody have the 7-11?
God, I don't know, Nick wants to do a show
How much you do Saturday, 10-2?
Could it be any worse than what it was a couple of weeks ago?
Anyway, because I like that television myself, I don't want to start ripping him, we can't talk about him
I would love to, God, but I love to rip him an ass
It's 23-2 and, wouldn't you, wouldn't you like to rip him?
You liked him, you loved the show
You hated the show
Nick liked everybody, but hey
You hated that show, you hated coming in here setting up those chairs, don't kid me
See, like, oh, Mr. Innocent, you know this?
Got that little angelic look on his face
Oh, I know nothing, we already know that
Anyway, 23-2, golf stream
Can't see really, he are bound
Oh, what am I gonna do now?
Playing video
So, where I didn't hear from oh, theuito, I ain't sure who you're not hearing it.
So I will, go after, he's it
Take a letter.
Yes, Mr. Brown.
I need ten copies.
Ten copies.
Right away, Mr. Brown.
Where's that mamma?
Here, here.
Hello.
Take a letter.
MMO, MMO!
I'll do this.
Take a letter. Where's my coffee?
Stop it, Mr. Brown.
Hey, man.
141 in WID.
I figure if I can stay a day ahead of Rick and Puts, then I'll be safe.
Just keep carting up new material and I'll never catch up.
Miami.
Miami, Neil.
When is this?
Congratulations to you, Neil.
Four.
For a little strike at zero even with Columbia National Team yesterday,
they nave the orange roll.
Yes.
Great game.
All right.
Hope we all enjoy it.
And how about those cubs?
What cup?
Yeah.
Mr. Mayor?
Yes.
Mr. Mayor, you are the most entertaining voice on the AM radio ever.
Yes.
Don, listen to this, more on the call you.
Exactly.
Okay. I get a little trivia for you.
You have a little what?
Little trivia.
Oh, I thought you said something personal.
Go ahead.
Why do you sit?
It weighs...
Where do you sit?
On 76.
Well, no way in the corner.
Can you understand what he's saying?
What is it?
What?
It weighs 176.
No, one on 76.
Yeah.
220 calories.
8 grams fat.
150 milligrams sodium.
70 sweet chocolate corn syrup, sugar, milk, soybean oil, butter, salt, egg whites.
What is it?
That's a candy bar.
What kind?
A Milky Way Dark.
Right.
Oh, God.
Find it at the radison by the airport.
Great.
Rip off 83 cents.
Well, I want to thank the staff around here for leaving me an empty box.
Publix sent over a box of Milky Way Darks.
And the empty box was left in my mailbox.
Well, that's good.
It's a band for you.
Okay.
Cut the cramp.
You're right.
Well, listen, have a wonderful life.
We meet you in May or we listen to you.
Beyond tomorrow night and then most of next week.
We hope so.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
The one thing I didn't check those the hurricanes.
Are they starting in the playoffs?
Oh, yeah.
We got the plan as a matter of fact Friday, I think, isn't it?
Let's see.
Sometimes.
I know it's this weekend.
I'm not exactly sure which day it is, but that's coming up very soon.
So they may...
I guess it comes down to either carrying the hurricanes or the Yankees.
There's no choice.
Well, the point is when they're in a tournament, obviously we're going to carry the hurricane.
Yeah.
Because somebody might be interested in that.
144.
Now, what is that?
Would I like to read the Dick Pertin letter?
Nick, what is that about?
Who wants me to read the Dick Pertin letter?
It's just a short note.
It's not like a big somebody from Detroit.
Oh, excuse me.
Kathy asked.
Kathy, who?
Kathy's clown.
Oh, yeah.
Well, it says, Neo, while vacationing in my place on Marco Island last week and part of this week,
I heard your return show and loved it.
Incredible stuff.
The Alex Bennett saga was better than fiction.
Best wishes for a full and speedy recovery, Dick Pertin.
Good morning, Mr. Pertin.
Oh, dear.
This is Mr. Rogers with another word for the day.
Good morning, Mr. Rogers.
And what is your word for today?
My word for the day is linger a.
Mr. Rogers, I think the word you're talking about is linger a.
What?
Get me.
Get me.
Can't you tie your choke up, Mr. Rogers?
I know what it means.
It means nightgowns and sexy underwear.
Yes.
You know what, Roger?
I'm getting pretty sick of you coming up with disgusting words of the day.
I mean, that's nothing wrong with that, but the way you do it.
You know, one day you had fetish.
Today you've got linger a.
Oh, dear neighbor.
I think you've made a mistake.
What?
I said linger a.
You mispronounced it.
I don't think so, neighbor.
Let me use my word in a sentence.
Okay, good.
After we go shopping in Windsor, let's stop for a warm beverage.
We don't have to go right back.
We can linger a.
I see, Mr. Rogers.
I'm sorry.
Sorry, I misunderstood.
You're obvious good intention.
Sure you did.
And while we're lingering over our beverage, maybe we can talk one of the girls and do a table dance.
Mr. Rogers, I think it goes to charity.
Good bye, Mr. Rogers.
Can you say Bonjour Monique?
Okay, 146.
One of the funniest people in the world.
So to get that letter from Dick Pertin, and just made my day and my week, and not so negative,
is I usually am in depressing.
Sunrise.
Hi.
Hi.
Mail?
Yes.
You should have heard that I'm searching last night.
My first time calling.
Who?
Who is it?
I'm searching.
Who's that?
Oh, the guy with the socks in the toilet paper.
Yeah.
Well, last night he had a doctor fish came on talking about, you shouldn't go fishing to
hurt the short little fish in water.
Oh, that's a good subject, yeah.
And then when he came.
I bet you got hooked on that show, so to speak.
And then he said, and if you want more information, call this number 1-800-Rupper.
So, what made you call that number?
And he called earning back and he said, hey, you gave me this number to call.
He said, guess who I got on the phone?
He says, that was Neil Rogers.
Oh, yeah, all right.
So everybody's called that number and it's going to be your number.
Oh, I don't think so.
No, as a matter of fact, that must be a follow-up.
Because last week he did a show on fish excrement.
And the toll free number was like 1-800-Bashturn.
And I thought it was a pretty poor taste.
Oh, he's getting awful.
He said that on the radio.
What?
Why not?
You can say bastard on the air.
He's scraping the bottom of the barrel, you know?
And then he's still got that little pre-pubescent squeaky kid on with him, that kid's guy.
He sounds like he's going to fly away any second.
And somebody called him and said, it's turning into like a little kid station over there.
They got all these little, I mean, Charles is working there.
And pretty soon, the kid that just called a little while ago, he was a 17-year-old kid, a groupie.
I never heard no Charles.
Well, I'll tell you pretty soon he'll be the manager.
And they can call a show Charles and Charles over there.
It's going to be...
They better get rid of that program director.
You bet.
Okay, Neil.
Keep well.
I hear a lot of rumors about that place.
Oh, my.
Have a great day.
Say hi to Ernie.
You too, I'm going to tell you.
Give him a little sharman, because he could sure use it on that show.
148 at WIOD.
Felt like a pretty damn uplifting day.
Little Joyce says hello.
Sky was here.
What did a job?
Are you serious?
What is he about?
Like nine years old?
Have you ever heard that?
He makes...
I be babbling sound like...
Connie Chung.
I mean, just ridiculous.
Miami.
I don't know.
Okay.
Hey, why are you saying, John?
A 97-year-old, you're happy, Wayne.
Yeah.
Are you for that now?
Happy, happy music.
That's the Ron Juniors nephew.
We're going to have any...
Ron St. John the Third.
We know what you want.
You want the Ohio X.
Right.
We're listening.
What he's even got it.
Yeah.
Why the hell was Ron St. John today, by the way, Jr.?
I mean, this is the nephew, but where is the real one?
Yeah, I'm really disappointed.
What are you going through those carts in Iraq for, there, Riley?
Riley?
Get your hands off our crap.
Okay.
Get off our stuff.
You can do whatever it had you want.
We don't care.
But cut those damn callers out.
I'll tell you that, or I'll do four hours on you guys tomorrow.
I know you wish.
Which one did I punch?
Let me do that again.
Miami.
You.
You.
Aren't you lucky?
I almost punched you out.
Thirty minutes on hold and still hold.
Isn't that what that guy wanted to do?
Do you punch you out?
No, I don't.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Where's all those pinheads, man?
Where are all those people that those loyal listeners that should be calling like Joe with six
ends and Eric and Tim and this one and that?
Where the hell are they?
They're probably all in bed.
With each other.
I think so.
Probably.
Well, I'd pay to watch that.
Yeah, me too.
I'll bet.
So what's stando in there?
Stand is the smoke in the room.
Just the disgusting elephant supository cigars that he smokes, disgusting.
Hey Stan, I got one question for you.
Yeah.
Why are they going to get rid of this lousy baseball?
Exactly.
What can I tell you?
I mean, he doesn't want to answer the question.
He's trying to stay on the good side.
Little does he realize that they lie a lot.
Well, let's just start slapping him around a little.
Exactly.
Slap that those two around.
The evil twins in there.
Yeah, that's Tom Denenberg.
What an asshole.
Exactly.
Number one in our book.
Definitely.
Don't knock him.
He sells my show.
He's great.
He is.
He's the only salesman we got.
Have a great life.
You too, Neil.
See, as they say in the afternoon, have a great life.
Oh, excuse me.
154.
Say don't mess with me with those suit.
You don't remember the caller I'm talking about from Coral Springs.
He said he was your contract man or something like that.
You keep calling them contract man.
You don't remember that call?
They all played in.
Oh, man.
He's got the correct central man.
He leaves it here with a thing though because he leaves it here.
He's been on it for half weeks and he already forgot him all.
That's that's great.
It took me 10 years to do that.
That's it.
And Neil, do you remember the card I sent you four years ago from Delaware?
I mean, get serious.
Okay, I can't remember what that'll happen to you yesterday, which is probably why I feel so good.
W-I-O-D.
Hi, Neil.
How's it going?
Okay, how come I punched you up?
I don't know, but you did a good job.
All these other people are waiting and waiting and I punch you up cold.
Don't you feel guilty?
No, I don't.
Like I said, I had a feeling with you.
I'll let that go.
I'm not letting that go.
Good bad.
That's a bad call.
I can see if they let it go.
No.
No way.
Are you nuts?
Rick would have left it on the air.
Yeah, I'll bet.
I want to let it on the air.
That's why I'll be lucky to make three weeks.
You wouldn't let him in the show with that hairdo.
Oh, yeah, right.
I don't want to hear any more tacky arsonial nails jokes.
Okay.
Just because he looks like he got off the spaceship from Uranus, don't the bunny.
Okay, what a putz.
Heartland.
Boy, how they old have returned to the roost.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
That was a great interview last night.
Yeah, well, it's not dwell on him.
Okay.
That's what he said, too.
That was a great call, right?
That's not hop on it.
That's what he said.
He said, well, why not?
Yeah, he's got to be the horniest guy who's ever been on TV.
Listen, Shia did him last night.
Anything that's moving, man, he wants to hop right on it.
I'm telling you.
Hey, I got a lot for the derby.
A lot for the perfect bet.
Okay, Northern Wolf.
Mr. Fiskie.
An unbridled.
Unbridled, you like?
Yeah.
He's got a shot.
At least you didn't pick Pad Day anyway.
Get him out of there.
Yeah.
Get him back to the barn.
So you're going on a car?
I'm feeling real good today.
I shouldn't say this because then I'll come back to haunt me.
But the best today that I have of any day I've been back at the end of the show after the four hours, you know, not too bad.
That's good.
Like I could do another four hours.
Yeah, I just heard about it.
About what?
About your...
Stroke?
Yeah.
Not my thing, about my stroke.
Well, the same thing.
Well,
stroke, right?
Not in this case.
Not that kind of stroke.
Hahahaha.
Pertin was talking about you.
Come on.
Yeah, I'm serious.
Did you hear me read the letter I just got?
No.
What letter?
He sent me a nice letter.
I just read it on the air.
He was over in Marco.
He's got a place in Marco where he goes on vacation and he listens over there.
He was a big fan of him.
What did he say?
He just said, you know, he was talking about the big top of...
Top show host down in Florida.
And I said, well,
you know, he didn't mention a name for a long time and then about five minutes later he did.
Yeah.
And he just said, he holds your phone better.
Yeah, I'm going to send him a note back.
He's a great guy.
And funny, funny as hell.
I mean, he's just tremendous.
Yeah, he killed him up there.
You bet.
All right.
Now, he's going to be funny too before I got so depressing and negative, you know.
What do you think about the dirt we don't really?
I like Mr. Frisky.
I don't...
I'm not going to bet on it.
Although I may go out there Saturday.
I'm feeling pretty good.
I may go out to Calder with the bill who owns a track and just pulling down the track.
I'm serious.
He's coming along real good.
We'll have him on a show in a few days when he gets courage.
Well, I'll call back.
He'll tell me when.
Okay.
All right.
See you anytime.
158 at WIOD.
How do you like that?
He's even talking about me on here.
What if he got a job up there?
Ooh, I hate to hear that.
Well, what was going on around here?
Probably got a week's worth of material.
Yeah.
Yeah, because I came back and all this crazy psychotic stuff had gone on.
And then that article in the paper and it's like Mr.
the guy who disappeared his name we can't match.
You know, I'll explain.
He's blaming me.
I wasn't even here.
And he called me on the phone in the hospital.
He called me at home.
Oh, we can't wait for your back.
We just have to have you back.
All friendly, loving and wonderful.
And then he goes in the paper and rips me.
And like everything's a one man station and Neil can't stand anybody's a threat to him.
Well, that's your wouldn't include him.
Anyway, what is that?
Croc?
What is that?
Hello.
Good day, Neil.
Yes.
I'm glad that you're feeling better.
What is that CROC?
Croc and I all done me.
Oh my God, if I didn't know that, I didn't say no.
Every time I wanted to call, every time I wanted to call, I didn't see anything.
Well, when we hear these people start calling in, then you know we really have done it.
I haven't cut me off.
We've got a whole audience away.
Anyway, I call up when I just, I know you would never let me through to tell you that I,
I listen and I'm glad that you're all right.
Well, thank you, Croc.
And by the way, when you said bastard before, that's the name of my bastard.
Really?
There's a bastard.
We're in there.
He's got a picture of it around there somewhere, a Senate to him.
Okay.
Well, good day, mate.
Okay, mate.
See ya, eh?
Okay, that's going to do it.
Thank you, Stan.
Stan will be on tomorrow night?
Tomorrow night.
And one of these nights soon on the stage.
And most of the next week.
8 to 11 o'clock.
Right, that's the sports talk that's right before the notorious Larry King.
Stay tuned for Rick and Puts.
They've got a hell of a show lined up.
They've got all my cards out of the racks.
They're going to be fantastic.
And we'll see you tomorrow morning at 10 here on 610 radio modeling at WIOD.
Stan, cheers of adolescent man.
Brought to you by Elephant Woods, the only runner for the condom department.
We've been getting along well.
Don't you think?
Absolutely.
We have a great time together.
We're really compatible.
Don't you think?
Absolutely.
We have a great time together.
I love spending time with you.
Do you like spending time with me?
Let me say it a little slower.
Absolutely.
We have a great time together.
That's why I need a...
