for four hours and then everybody jumps on the bandwagon.
So I'm not going to follow in Bill's footsteps on this because I think it would be wrong to
blow Gilbert off the show entirely because I enjoy him and I just don't want to overdo it.
I mean he's everywhere now. He's just all over the place.
And he even, somebody even called him while I was sitting here with Roger sitting in his
studio when Mike was on a few minutes ago and called said,
the catch you get Gilbert on with Mike on he showed him tomorrow morning?
That would be like having Sandy come in tomorrow, you know, to do sugar cookies again.
I'm sorry, but let's just come back to reality.
Okay. Man, this market is pathetic.
It's like somebody tells a joke on show A and it's funny.
And all of a sudden they're like 10 other guys in a market telling the same joke.
I just, I'm sorry, I don't get it.
So Gilbert, you can call or stop and every now and then.
It's like a peepy in Pember Pines.
He calls like once a month or something or what's every few weeks and he's funny,
but we don't overdo it. I hate when people drive stuff into the ground.
And what I heard yesterday afternoon, I think we do have to get that guy
or some cheesecake or whatever it is that he keeps squealing about because he just lost.
I think it's the word getting lost somewhere in the shuffle.
Nice guy Alex, but let's not, I mean Tuesday it was like,
Jay, oh, I'm nice.
Sick of that and you're never going to hear that on this show and we don't.
And then all of a sudden yesterday he's got the guy in here exploiting him and at
broad that he had in here with him and some of the callers were really
making fun of badly poorly and I thought it was in crappy taste.
And I think that, well listen, that's just my opinion.
Okay, as far as the other thing is concerned that took place yesterday,
I'll get into that after the break, but I have quite a bit to say about that.
I think the, and I thank the people from Channel 6 all the way.
I have no idea why they stuck around for four hours.
I guess they must have been amused by the show and they had a little piece there on the 630 news last night.
But four hours, there must have been something else going on in town beside the bird, you know,
for four hours yesterday that they could have been covering,
like lunch at the Rascal House or anything.
Anyway speaking of Alex, he seems to be enjoying those wings from wing.
Really?
1015 W.5.
Dicky.
And what can I say?
It's some interesting stuff going on.
Anyway, what was I going to tell you?
Oh, yeah, but yesterday I want to give you the story behind the story.
If of course you're interested, we know this audience isn't too much into that kind of stuff.
But let me give you a little background or what took place here yesterday.
It seems that when we made the offer to the bird to come on the show, I think it was on Monday I had the
Nick Column and within 20 seconds he respectfully declined and cut him short and goodbye and good luck to you.
At that point he thought the story was going to be a real razor blade job because that's what he gave
as Albert Sturren, the guy who wrote the article for New Times.
And the reason I know that, in spite of any denials that he might make, is that Sturren was here last Friday.
And read to me several lines or paragraphs from what the bird had told him during that interview at his house.
And I mean, he called me everything under the sun.
It was a razor blade job.
Now, the reason it didn't come out in print like that is because basically the people at New Times
like me and they like the show.
In addition to which there's some people over there, I think he's a twerp, okay?
And so it really kind of backfired.
And they turned it around and it really was a lot different than he thought it was going to be.
And he even told Fat Rich, which I know, even though Rich is a trouble making,
and I know this is true, he told me it was very nervous and concerned about how the
Sturren was going to come out in print because he really had done a wicked, I mean a vicious razor blade job.
So that's why he wasn't going to come in.
Then the thing comes out, he gets a hold of it Monday night or Tuesday night.
And then he changes his game plan.
So now he shows up here yesterday and you saw the thing on 6 where they interviewed him outside,
I guess it must have been.
And his game plan was that he was going to come sneaking in here.
He's going to wait for us to start attacking him.
And after the first word, he's going to come rushing in here and say,
what's the big deal?
Four days of bashing in the article is nothing.
What's all this hysteria about?
And that was his game plan.
Well, it comes to find out that he was intercepted in the hallway by Boy Geary.
And he said, what are you doing here?
And he said, well, I'm going to go in and defend myself.
And I said, no, you're not.
He said, we invited you to come.
You turned it down and now you're just going to sneak in there.
And it's not going to happen.
So that was the reason they were, you know,
asked him to leave the premises because again,
he was doing it in a sneaky, devious way instead of just to...
And I'm going to say something about that.
I'm not going to say we're going to go into Guinness Book of Records.
I don't know of any radio station in the history of this business that aspired somebody.
And then two months later invited him to come back to defend himself.
I never heard such a thing.
I don't think it's ever happened before.
I could be wrong.
And if anybody knows of it, please let me know.
But I don't think so.
I think it's a radio first in the history of the business.
It just doesn't happen.
You get fired.
You're gone.
You disappear.
You know, that we talk about it all the time.
You're gone.
And I say, oh, wow, he went to seek better opportunities in, you know, whatever.
And that's the way the business works.
So here's the guy who we were going to give four hours voluntarily,
who was then going to be devious,
kind of sit back, wait and see the lay of the land and how the article came out.
And then when it wasn't quite so bad,
then he's going to come in here and try to soft pedal it and be Mr. Nice Guy.
I really think it was like sucking around for his job back a little bit.
I could be wrong.
And to come to find out when he left here, he thought that it did him a lot of good.
Like, they're going to be pounding on his door,
I'm not going to down to offer him jobs.
Nobody's been doing that for two months.
And certainly after that pathetic performance yesterday,
it isn't going to happen now.
And some of you, I mean, I let everybody have their say yesterday,
there were a couple of them that irritated me because they just were looking for trouble.
That was obvious.
But I mean, some of you but bird liquors that just cannot stop.
Like that one young Cuban guy,
and he said that same thing so many times since December that it just,
he must have it in blazing in his brain.
And he called yesterday, kept repeating,
and did you say in these exact words, did you tell him this?
I got news for you.
I'll mind your own God's and business.
Okay, don't have those.
Huts put a call in here and tell me what I should do and how I should have said it.
I mean, this is life.
This is real life.
This is reality.
And that's what Mr. Burdbrains got to grow up in the face.
He's got to work.
He's got to work and crying over spilt milk is going to get the job done.
Did he make himself look better yesterday?
No. They don't look like a jerk.
And whatever respect I may have had for him at all,
as of last December, when we parted company,
I mean, by now it's gone.
It's completely gone because his behavior has been just pathetic.
And he goes through this big song and a dance about,
well, when we left here, he wanted to see other people and do what that was just fine
because I feel the same way.
Then why was he belly-icking in the article about, well, I thought we could be friends
and maybe go to the track?
Why would I associate with him now that I've fired him?
Well, I didn't associate with him when he was here.
We're working together.
Okay, it doesn't make any sense.
None of it makes any sense.
But it was pathetic.
It was demeaning.
It was just a tragedy.
But I'm glad that we did it.
I'm glad we went through the exercise.
Because now he's got no more sour grapes.
He had his opportunity.
He was given plenty of chance to say his piece.
And quite frankly, when I put him on,
when he was sneaking around in the newsroom,
I wasn't really sure whether they were very upset.
You know, if I did put him on,
they were going to have a nervous breakdown
because they were not happy he was in the building
under those circumstances.
I'm talking about, of course, management.
So that was the real story behind the story.
Okay, the way all of us went down yesterday.
Paul Lyle, Gilbert Report.
Oh, that ought to be exciting.
See what I mean?
It's just, it's like, and of course,
part of it is Gilbert's fault, too,
because he's out of control.
He's calling every show in town now
because he's been exploited to the point now.
He feels like he's just out of control.
And I'm not ripping him by saying that,
but I'm just telling you, Gilbert,
that it's just getting to be a little much.
What does it say, Gilbert, wouldn't leave?
Or I got news for you.
It's not the point.
The point is that people, I mean,
if you want to sit in the audience and cack a little bit,
that was one thing.
But the brutal, I mean, the way he was brutalized yesterday
was unconscionable.
It really was.
I mean, there were people.
I heard a lot of it, and people making fun of him.
Alice wanted them to leave.
Well, you know, come right out and say,
Gilbert's time to go.
Audio is goodbye.
That would have been the way I would have done it.
But, like I said, I'm a little curious
why a guy on Tuesday,
who was adamant that there was just too much,
Gilbert and he was sick of it.
He was nauseated, but was asking if he could borrow him
for a few minutes yesterday.
I just don't understand that.
I'm sure Alex will clarify for us
when he comes in today.
21 past 10 at WIO.
Dave will want to tell you about Reno's.
We're at the world famous Cafe Bar Fade.
We've replaced one of the patrons.
Fresh ground coffee with soldiers crippled.
Let's see if he notices.
Mmm, good coffee.
Can you pack the creamer?
We've replaced the creamer with ground up chalk.
Let's see if he notices.
Can you pack the sugar?
We've replaced the sugar with ground up freeze-dried white mice.
Let's see if he notices.
I wonder if he'll notice what we replaced the lemon with.
Okay, it's
26th and 10th at WIO.
Dave, something with his overhead today.
Let's take some calls here.
Okay, because I've already said enough.
Here's a Paul Lyle Gilbert report.
Gone.
Okay, good start.
I like when you go to that first call
and you're gone.
Well, let me tell you something.
Okay, I had some stuff that I wanted to say this morning
and excuse me for taking your valuable time for saying it.
Whoever the hell that was.
Anybody was listening to Paul Lyle anyway.
How smart can they be?
Fort Waterdale.
Yes.
I heard
Nolesce show that it's a powerful
Gilbert might be taking over the show.
Yeah, right.
I mean, I'm ready to throw myself out on
Broward Boulevard that happened.
Sure.
Just a joke, okay?
Oh, okay.
Just a little joke.
Okay, I got the...
I had a good time yesterday listening to that show.
It was very entertaining, but it was pathetic.
It wasn't...
It wasn't that he was also entertaining.
He was entertaining, but it was pathetic.
It's tragic.
Well, I want to tell you something that was more tragic
and maybe that is entertaining, but I went to the city of
Pemberk Pine, the city of the city of Meanlast night.
And you had to see them arguing over whether or not to reduce the price of a hole
from 500 to 300 and how they were going to the
simple math on what the actual course of
running on a hole took about 15 minutes.
I mean, it was just...
Well, it sounds pretty pathetic and we thank you so much.
28 after 10 at WID.
Come on, cut the crap.
Well, yeah, cut the crap.
Of Pemberk Pine, speak of the devil.
Yeah, knew how you don't.
Okay.
All right, listen, just a couple of comments
on what you've been talking about.
Yesterday, I happened to be driving.
I caught a little bit of Alex's event
and that really was a terrible job
with they were doing on Gilbert.
Yeah, it was horrendous, actually.
Really, and that...
And the Joey did the same thing.
And of course Gilbert is just having a good time.
He doesn't realize it, but...
And I'm not trying to be holier than now,
but there are some of us.
I think Bill knows how to do it.
And I think I've done it.
At least I've tried to have fun with Gilbert
as opposed to just massacring him
and making a mockery of him,
which is a lot of what I heard yesterday.
It was awful.
Yeah, I think he was just trying to impress
that Barreg Brody had on with him.
Well, though, let's turn this into a rip Alex thing.
Although, I don't know why not.
But, yeah, we don't have to do that.
But I just find it very bizarre that on Tuesday,
he was totally burnt out with Gilbert.
He was disgusted and fed up.
And he did have a very valid point.
I mean, it's getting ridiculous.
And then all of a sudden yesterday,
it turns around into a four-hour...
A marathon.
You know what I'm saying?
Neil? Yeah.
One other thing. I hope this Barreg thing
is if totally put the bed now.
It's... I mean, I'm not saying we're not going to talk about it,
but as far as him, he comes in here again
and be wasting the gas to come here.
Okay? He's had his last gas fun this show.
Yeah, because the only...
To summarize, the summary that I get out of it
is that he's nothing but a...
lemon.
Talent with...
Really mouth-cackling moon.
Lemon.
Have a great taste.
All right, bye.
Yeah, I'm disgusted with him.
I really am.
And, you know, finally,
I tried to be reasonable.
I really did...
And...
I bet over backward to be reasonable.
And a lot of people that, you know,
were sympathetic toward him to call and have a lot of time.
Because I didn't want him to come...
Well, see, I told you if I came in here,
I wouldn't get a chance to say
and I gave him all the opportunity in the world.
And I kept giving him all this extra time
to think of all these reasons.
And the only thing he had to say was
it's not easy working for you.
Well, nobody held a gun to his head
and forced him to come in
and cackle and eat those free meals every day.
Okay, nobody forced him to do it.
In fact, when you look back on it,
if it was so difficult,
then maybe I did him a big favor.
Because it was such a pain in the ass working with me.
But, cheese, to come in and for four hours,
wine, and so finally,
I lost my cool at one point.
Some of you may have heard it.
And I really laced into it.
And I said,
haven't you been listening?
Doesn't anything penetrate your ears?
Don't you get the message?
I'm going to sit here and I'm going to talk about
whatever I want to talk about.
And it's my show.
And I'm not going to put up with temper tantrums.
And the people in the building
don't want to put up with your rotten temper
and your nasty disposition.
And that's it.
You're gone.
Oh,
oh, like all of a sudden,
you can see that little GE light bulb
lighting up over his head, you know.
Over his dome.
Now, he really makes me nauseous.
Okay, I hope he and Johnny
dark have a wonderful life together.
And they can run around,
writing letters to everybody else in the industry,
telling them how none of us know anything
and they know it all and et cetera, et cetera.
And maybe someday one or both of them will get a job.
Miami.
Dale.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay.
First off, I'd like to say
10 times better without the bird.
I don't even know what you had in the first.
Well, you know, it's interesting even
some of the people who were defending in the
industry were saying that they missed them.
They said, what we got to admit,
they show us a little better
when that boy he got the all-been
out of shape about that.
Yeah, it's like 10 times better.
I don't even know how you had him on the first place.
Excellent point.
A moron.
He should.
Well, no, that's not.
That's not to say a moron.
Just say a cackling idiot.
Well, moron.
Close.
Moron is crass.
Yeah.
Cackling idiot has a little
flair.
Yeah.
I mean, 10 times better
than I wanted to say.
And good luck.
Thank you, Senator.
I'm glad you did.
Okay, a little minor stuff there.
It's 1031 at WIOD.
We have an opening in Dade County now.
If you move very fast,
it's kind of like the post-mortem.
And I also, the thing about Gilbert is very,
I'm not kidding around about that.
I'm just disgusted with it.
With this, this to me,
it like it pitimizes the entire market.
And like I said before, Gilbert has to take a lot
of the blame for that.
I heard he called Larry King last night.
And was doing a lowly $50 routine.
I didn't hear it myself,
but I heard a little spy report.
And I mean, Gilbert, you just,
you can't, you can't be like Tom Hanks.
You know, you can't do 800 movies all in the same week.
There are only a few people who can do that,
like Gamali Ringworm.
But now I still, you know,
if he wants to come in once in a great while,
if he wants to call once in a while,
he can get through.
You know, he's always telling me he can't get through.
I have no problem with that.
I'm not going to blow him off,
but I'm going to try to slow,
put the brakes on a little bit,
because it's getting ridiculous.
Just, it also speaking to me,
Nicholas, did you hear what Stan said on a promo
about how he, I didn't hear his show last night?
He took the poll and Terry Miriaman beat his Elf Hernandez.
I got news for you, man.
It's no wonder we have so many optometrist in this town.
And don't tell me that I don't know a beautiful look
in woman when I see one,
because I do and Terry Miriaman is not too exciting.
Okay.
I mean, his Elf Hernandez has got better looks
on her fingernails than the Terry Miriaman
in her whole body.
It's not even a contest.
What are you guys looking at?
Are you nuts?
Oh, you really need some serious help.
It's a 1033, a WIOD Toyota.
I'm dying out of here.
WIU, I love you.
1036, a WIOD Volca.
I am now.
Yes, sir.
I thought we was going to tell Glyna new
eggsuiter yesterday.
I thought you were born?
I thought we was going to tell you a new eggsuiter yesterday.
Meaning what?
Meaning, I thought you was pretty light on it.
Yeah.
Intentionally, I didn't want him belly-ikin
about the fact that when he came in,
we didn't give him a chance.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Listen to a couple of ideas,
not that they're smooth, but it's slow.
Yeah.
Well, just like this call,
let's go to a call to spy report in Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Where's it, Hylia?
Well, whichever.
Hmm.
It's sort of on the borderline.
You know, I got to get out my border path
to go across the street.
Right on the cutting edge.
Yeah, I've written in your buddy belt this morning
and he blew you up and off-pause him,
not to call his show anymore.
Can I just say that a little while ago?
Oh, I didn't hear you.
I've been in and out of the vehicle all day.
And uh-
Who didn't know that, huh?
And you know how it is.
Mm-hmm.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I got a good way for you to, uh,
study with your satellite situation.
I'm going to write you a letter and explain how you can
legally do it.
And, uh, the federal government will back you 100 percent.
Right.
I will write you a little letter,
put a little information packet in there.
If you're interested, give us a call,
and we'll be glad to help you out.
Okay.
Thank you.
Have a good day.
You too, 1037 WIOD Tamarack.
Nail.
Yeah.
I got to tell you, I haven't heard anything or seen anything
like yesterday's show since Jim and Tammy were on Nightline.
Yeah.
I mean, one of the site benefits, one of the site benefits
of yesterday's show for me personally speaking was that, uh,
I finally realized I wasn't the only person that got treated
like a piece of crap at one of the personal appearances there.
Uh, I was-
Well, let me-
There was a lot of conversation about that,
and there's no question that that's true,
but that isn't a reason he got fired.
Another way-
Look, I could-
If I wanted to be really vicious, which I wasn't,
because, uh, that would only play into his hand,
but if I wanted to really lay it on the line,
there are dozens of things that he did.
Yeah.
Like, uh, like the time that Stan and I wanted to kind of resurrect
our little thing at the ice cream store,
and all of a sudden he comes up with his talk-
and he started doing this repeatedly when we-
every time we had a remote or no matter what it was,
he had some excuse that he would fabricate,
so he's not to go along with the game plan,
and all along he was gonna be up and groward anyway,
so he set up this deal with his real estate person.
Now, he did that after we had already set the date up
to do this appearance, you know,
and I- I just got sick of that.
I mean, that was one of many things.
Here, he was getting basically a free ride here,
and yet, anytime we expected him or asked him to do anything-
I- I got important stuff to do, okay?
They can't wait for another day.
I mean, there are dozens of reasons
that I just got fed up with his entire attitude.
It's suck.
You know, attitude sucks.
And the idea that he comes barging in here
two months after he got his ass cam
as if a world might have started a story,
and you got a watch side, you're fired,
you're stunk, you're a pain in the ass,
I got tired of you.
You're gone, that's it.
Grow up and accept it.
You know, he can't do that, even now he can't accept it.
I'm sure it.
Now that Steve Kane is gone,
can I play amateur psychologists here?
Oh, sure.
Yeah, we need-
we have a void here in our lineup, we need to do that.
You know what word pops into my mind about Glant After In Great?
Immaturity.
Yeah.
I'm listening to four hours of the QSR,
and I'm glad you laid back a little yesterday
and let him give them to explain that.
This guy won't admit anything.
Despite your repeated conversations with him over the months,
he would not adjust his behavior.
It's just evident to me that the job wasn't that important to him.
You know, when I finally started screaming at him,
he said, well, I can't do that on my own person.
I said, five, then there's the reason you can't do that.
That's why you can't be on the show.
Oh, is if all of a sudden it's clarified for him, you know?
Yeah, one last thing, Nail.
I thought also he was sucking around for his job yesterday
because I mean, it's obvious he's not a talent
because he didn't get picked up right away after he got fired.
And I, you know, I don't know whether or not he is going to get hired by me.
You see, but this reveals, and this is the thing that frightens me,
this reveals that he really in his own mind thinks that he could go on
like one of his sick offense calls it,
oh, yeah, it would be great if NWS puts you on right off his knee,
it'll tend to two.
And then, you know, then it would really have something.
He believes that.
He believes he can go on and do a four-hour talk show every day
and carry it.
And the fact is that, you know, the last time I was in vacation,
most people said he did a good job,
but that was out of the ordinary.
In fact, the time before that he had filled in,
he had embarrassed himself so much that,
in fact, that's how Alex spent it gone here.
Yeah.
Okay, if it weren't for the bad job he did filling in the previous time,
Alex would never have been in his building.
Yeah.
Faced with Alex, he was in a little gratitude there too.
Well, Nail, I hate to say it, but I'm enjoying all this.
Well, of course, that's what this market's all about.
Okay, I have a great thing now, too.
Everybody loves a lot of bickering and hate, et cetera.
What are you looking at the food like?
What is that?
I think Kotobi is bringing food from the toast today.
I think that's the rumor.
What are you looking for?
Nail, then, what the hell?
Who dropped the cart, standard?
Well, tell him to get off his lazy ass and go back there and find it
and don't the metal around with his show.
Tell him to get off this show, okay?
We're doing a radio show here.
We're not playing stand-made, you're lost and found.
God, anybody would do a poll and have his audience vote
for Terry Miriamon over his self-ornanda is that of a shame.
I think Stan Rigged it.
He doesn't like to admit it, but he's still back into that Philadelphia thing
with Terry Miriamon and all those Philadelphia Twinkies.
W-I-O-D, hello.
Hi, Nail, how are you?
Okay, hold on a second.
What card are you looking for?
He dropped Enbow.
What the hell are you playing, my cart?
You slimeball, Enbow's right there.
Anchor with a whip?
Get out of here, Stan.
Go get some material, will you?
Okay, let's, how could that be Tamarack?
I just put, well, listen, it's old Bizarre now.
We might as well put you on right now, right?
Hi.
I hit up all these other people.
Why not?
I think I've said about it too.
You're a good man.
I just called up 976 Rose because you said it was a good thing to do.
It is, they're beautiful.
Well, I'm having a dozen, I'm having a dozen cents a year for her.
My wife's pregnant and it's her birthday.
What a way to sell it.
What a way to sell it.
Have two dozen cents.
Have two dozen.
Sure.
Send the bill your phone.
Okay, have fun.
They got all the money in the world.
I was driving home last night from my health club listening to Stan on the radio,
talking about, you know, that thing with, you know, the other one, Maryman.
Mm-hmm.
I couldn't figure out why he was doing it.
I mean, was he a nut-n-n-elce to do?
Not, were you in a spare-pickin'-on-stand?
No, I like Stan.
I call him old.
Well, he does have nothing else to do.
It's a good time.
Color-time, Stan is one of the great time colors in a history of the business
and it's a good way to kill some time.
He also says he's not going to be on it too long.
He must not have too much confidence in it.
Well, first of all, let me say this.
He has accepted to do it as a temporary thing.
Okay.
But why he continues to dwell on that on the air?
I don't know.
I'm telling him every day, cut the crap, cut the crap.
I know.
Just go in and do it, sit there during the ballgame, have a free meal, relax, you know.
And he just is compel.
I don't know what the hell is stories.
Can I change the subject first?
Maybe it's hard, though.
He worked with Glenn for a while.
Maybe you're a rough dog.
What about baseball?
Are we not going to have baseball down here this year?
Well, not there any time soon, I don't think.
Oh, what a bummer.
I know.
Can you do it, then?
Oh, well, let's keep what thing is for us.
Maybe there was nothing, you know.
Let's hope.
Listen, I enjoyed your show yesterday with the bird.
I thought you were a real man.
You handled it accordingly.
You got everything pretty much straight now.
A real man, well.
Well, you could have really never said that.
You know, but you're a nice guy, you know.
Sure.
Anyway, I get back to work.
Good luck.
Appreciate it.
Boy, they're really sucking around this morning.
1044 at WID.
How about those maple leaves, man?
Watch that game.
I said they kicked their crap out of San Luis 7-1.
Alan Vester actually played a good game in gold.
And Ali Afredi was going nuts.
And the blue France is getting.
It was just a grind on.
Nobody cares anymore about hockey.
But I just happen to watch it.
It was great.
And Toronto's only two points out of first place
in the North Division.
Who can believe that?
Let's bring the bird back and talk hockey.
OK?
Sunrise.
Neil, how you doing?
Great.
A couple of comments.
That sounds like a real good idea though.
Bring them back to talk about hockey.
Yeah, well, you use his head as the puck.
I just have one word for yesterday.
Not for the show.
The show was great.
But the key word for yesterday, I think, is just pathetic.
That's the word that keeps rolling around in my head.
I know.
You met it.
You met it in that word.
Oh, pathetic.
It's just a tragic.
And to talk about the great deal, but anyway, he.
He was calling around sports talk shows for years now.
He used to call it Chaplin, then.
I think Bill is the first non-sports talk show that he's called.
Yeah, I never heard of him before until I heard him on Bill's show one day ago.
Yeah.
And then all of a sudden, he started just like multiplying.
I think we have about a half a dozen Gilbert's arc there.
But the point you bring out during the series, kind of serious, about Gilbert and that fine line, you know?
Yeah.
It's like when you laugh at him, it's like half of it's because he's got a lot of fun.
And you know, maybe like the other half because you're like, you know, you're making fun of him.
You know what I mean?
No.
Well, it's like, you know, I'm not making fun of him.
No, no, no, I'm not saying you.
I find him funny and I find him amusing because he's got a good.
He knows that he's a little different and he knows that he's bizarre and he's funny.
And he's having a great time with it.
But I don't think he knows when he's being exploited and where people are just making fun of him.
And that's what happened here yesterday afternoon.
I don't give it in with anybody says or anybody denies it.
I heard it. I heard a lot of it.
Yeah.
I heard I cringed.
I really cringed because a lot of the callers and also the comedian who thought she was so funny.
She was about as funny as a wet dish right.
She had nothing to say.
And then basically it turned into the Gilbert show again because she offered nuts.
She had nothing to the show.
Yeah, they got pretty lame towards the end.
Alex kept asking to, I think, repeat the number for a neutral system.
And he kept the one, and he said that's pretty original.
Yeah, it was pretty lame.
Alex, why does that have to go on?
And why can't these guys do in their own thing?
Here's a guy who's been in the business for many, many years.
He's worked in New York in San Francisco all over the country.
What is it in his disease that these people catch when they come here that anything that they hear, especially on this show,
but not exclusive on this show, all of a sudden they all start doing it.
I don't get it.
I just don't get it.
I don't get it either.
I even, you know, Alex lost a lot of credibility yesterday when he did that to me.
Well, maybe if he finds his, whatever the hell he's looking for.
If he gets laid, I guess.
Oh, now you see, we decided we can't say that anymore.
He's cake, which is really, and that all these guys go, oh, yo, you're hoping it's Jerry, cheese, cake.
Oh, is that it?
Oh, it's getting like sandbox time.
Here are the sandbox at the oldies.
I'm sure glad I got these CFLM like who jingles card it up.
I'm like who?
I'm the people in the audience don't even remember WMYQ.
They haven't been here long enough.
153, a WMYD Roger just handed me a bullet in here.
Oh, it's just true.
We're not making this up.
A buffalo in New York man was awarded $450,000.
After surgeons amputated his penis in the erroneous belief that it was cancerous.
Okay, seven to eleven.
Let's go to a lady from Miami.
Hello.
I knew.
The pool is cut of all, yeah.
The remote and the grove was your very best entertainment.
We had a great time there.
I think Gilbert helped all the shows that were trying to go on stale.
So don't feel sorry for the time.
Wait a minute, are you going stale?
Sort of, come on now.
It's serious.
He's a clever guy.
It's only the audience that gets to.
It's your opinion, kiddo.
Yeah.
You've got a lot of quiet, anyway.
We love him.
Yeah, but that's not the point.
I'm not knocking Gilbert.
The point is that there are people who are, it's overdone.
No, not really.
No, Alex's phone.
Alex's show was a lot of fun.
You're crazy.
You're dreaming.
Now Gilbert can know, Jimmy, that's where you're dreaming.
Yeah.
He knows what he's doing.
Don't worry about him.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, we love him.
Yeah, okay.
Pathetic.
1054 at WIOG.
Dear Field B.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Hi, first time caller.
I took a lot of nerve finally call you.
How's that?
Are you in trouble?
Well, I listen to you a lot, and I know you put people down if you think they get boring.
But I'll try not to be.
I'm from Central New York, like you.
And I was a big fan.
It's burning down.
Finger Lakes.
And now I'm at Golfstream in Palpat, Iowa.
Great.
So I have a lot of...
Hold on, hold on once.
Yeah.
WIOG.
Hello.
Hello.
Dear Field B.
Neil, register.
One moment please.
Where was this guy?
Oh, in Dear Field, right?
I'm at Dear Field.
Hold on a second.
WIOG.
Good morning, Arthur Modell.
Would like to speak with the O'Rager's concerning football.
Yeah, right.
Hello.
I'm still here.
Yeah, I'm going to give Art Modeel some pointers.
Get rid of Bernie.
Okay, any quarterback that plays side-sale can't be all good.
Definitely.
Hold on one second, sir.
WIOG.
The line checker.
Okay, it was just a line checker.
Are you done checking lines?
Yeah.
Okay.
I don't know.
A couple of browners that aren't there lit, so, you know, be prepared.
You're going to be, it's adding something to your call.
Okay.
Hold on.
WIOG.
What the hell do you want?
Hold on.
I'll tell you in a second.
WIOG.
I don't think it was just because I could hear it.
Does Neil Carey speak with me?
Goodbye.
Yes, sir.
Bill?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, the reason I finally got tipped off enough to call because of yesterday's show about the bird.
And after seeing him on TV last night and what he looks like, and I know what he found out.
Hold on one second.
WIOG.
Oh, glacial jingle.
Hold on a minute.
We'll do it.
Hey, yeah.
Okay.
Now they're all full, so you don't have to anything to worry about.
You got to hear sailing.
Terrific.
Okay.
Well, like I said, we have a lot in common, but the thing I call about is bird.
And I was with Armed Forces Radio and TV.
And this guy couldn't get an audition or pants the audition at AFN in Europe or any AFRTF.
He doesn't have an ad goods.
Wait a minute.
How do you spell out AFRTF?
Armed Forces Radio and Television.
Can we spell it on the air?
Yeah, you can just spell it off.
It could be far to you.
I don't see.
That's the difference.
I spelled it.
It was a little subtle.
And you come out and you blurt out far.
Well, I don't know.
It's just like an awful, it's terrible.
Right.
And I'm horrible.
Oh, no, it's not.
I've heard you said a lot.
Well, I don't care.
That's not the point, but there's a subtle way to do so.
Right.
And then there's a crash.
Well, it's like Joey.
It's like a elephant in a Chinese shop.
You have to do things very subtly.
Well, no.
Yeah, all right.
Hold on a second.
W-Y-O-D.
We want Gilbert.
Hold on a minute.
W-Y-O-D.
Jingle.
All right.
Well, another showing up on other lines.
What is it?
Okay.
One other thing.
Oh, look at this.
Slim Rich is here.
Look at that.
He put a smaller shirt on.
They look like he lost 20 pounds.
Well, that's great.
I needed this is my last cigar.
Boy, you must be psychic.
A fat rich probably some cigar, sir.
Hey, you don't care.
You don't care.
Am I on?
Yeah.
Oh, good.
I'm talking to you.
I'm having a little arachnid.
I'm talking about six people at one.
Well, of course, that's what this is.
It's like a little circus.
You can relate to it.
I got a question.
You know that with the announcer at golf stream, Ross Martin.
From finger lakes.
Exactly.
I ought to go back.
Exactly.
Night's voice, the kid.
Oh, we're doing it.
No, no.
Sometimes you don't even know what rates are.
Constipated sound.
You got to watch the TV to find out what's going on.
Why can't we invite Tom Durkin to come down for the rest of the golf stream?
I don't know.
The Don family is just enchanted with Ross Morton.
I have no idea what that's all about.
Yeah, good voice, but can't speak.
No, I can't speak.
Speak, or speak.
Marbles in his mouth.
He's the worst.
A little disappointed with Alex.
I thought he was going to be good, but I thought he was a great one.
Oh, great.
Are we going to start with Alex?
No, I said go ahead and hit him.
No, no, no.
I like Alex.
But yesterday he must have been hard up for material.
That woman.
That woman had just called to use so full of crap.
That is the most outrageous call for anybody to say that they didn't exploit and mock you.
Oh, it was pathetic.
Gilbert was pathetic.
He's harder for materials.
He's got to pick on Gilbert.
He'll have to play.
How come between Tuesday and Wednesday there was this tremendous turn around?
On Tuesday, everybody, according to Alex, everybody was Gilbert did out.
It was getting ridiculous.
Right.
No, it was good last of the, he's in here for the entire show.
I mean, Alex is the one who wants to know how, but he really had too much fun at Gilbert's expense.
Exactly.
One item on his family.
Let's send the Buffalo for another one of the fancy things.
Hey, he's taking a Buffalo, my roommate from Buffalo, and he knows Buffalo wings like nobody.
Well, that's great.
Stand majors should stick to topics.
He's very good with topics.
But the minute he tries, the minute he tries to do your job.
Start playing my cards.
He tries to play you.
Get your own cards.
Stand up.
That's a crap.
It doesn't work.
He cannot add lip for four hours.
It was his own thing.
Okay.
It was a Twinkie show every night.
Exactly.
That's a crap already.
Well, listen, you've been quite a caller, sir.
Well, maybe I'll see you at, not if I know what you look like, and I go to gallstream.
Maybe I'll stop and have a beer.
No chance.
Now the chance.
Have a good time.
I hope you win a lot of money.
Well, you'd like my roommate, too, so I don't know.
Great.
Have a lot of, like I said, we'll be looking for you.
Bye.
See you.
Well, listen, that's the end of a very amazing first hour.
We've got good old Henry Barrow standing by.
Henry's Neil Rogers.
Our new SOG Radio 610 WIOB.
You know, we live in real life.
Let's be in a little good.
But we don't drink or drink.
No, we just need a blow.
They take me to the stage.
Okay, it's 11.05 at WIOB.
Well, I can't remember those.
Those would be real good for going into a record.
I was going to play a record for the bird.
Bell on.
Bell on.
Bell on.
Bell on.
Bell on.
Bell on.
Bell on.
Bell on.
Bell on.
Come on, yes.
Yes, sir.
Am I.
Is this Neil Rogers?
Yes.
Am I on now?
Because the other day I was following.
I was following.
Nobody told me how long it would have taken to me beating.
Well, you run right now.
You're rather than wasting all these.
lunges hear it?
You're arresting the ancient past.
A year ago, I told the station.
Yeah.
And I, I, I, I complained that the bird was, was nothing more than a laughing hyena.
And I, I just assumed that the station was just visible.
But listen to this now.
I was told specifically that management felt that this was a good combination.
Period.
They want me to, what do you expect them to tell you?
Well, what do they expect?
You expect them to say, well, we're right.
No, no, no, no, no.
Wait a minute.
You're expecting to say, yeah, you're right and he'll be gone tomorrow because you're
called.
But wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
No, of course not.
There's just one, one little nail in the coffin.
But the other thing is, aren't you responsible for the people who are with you if it's your
show?
Yes.
That's why he's gone.
Well, how come you've been getting a bit of melat sooner?
Because I'm a, a, a fool because I'm a soft-hearted slum, sir.
I'm a jerk.
I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a,
I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm
I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm
a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm
a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm
a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a
isn't that a real interesting lesson with the audience. Isn't that a real interesting lesson with the audience. Did we never give the numbers?
Did we never give the numbers once. We never gave the numbers once. We never gave the numbers once. We never gave that the number once. I've half-rolled wages give them element at one time, LOVE.
I don't know.
Okay, well think about it for a while, call us back.
Craig, Craig got five ladies in gentlemen.
Okay, it's nine minutes after, WYOD, hello.
Okay, line checker, write these down now,
because that's gonna be the next IOD contest.
You're gonna have to do a track, all of these calls.
And whoever gets the first 4,000, right?
WYOD.
Hi, can I talk to Neil?
Sure, hold on, please.
WYOD.
Neil.
Yes, hold on a second.
WYOD.
Line checker, yes.
Now we're gonna for, by the way, hold on.
WYOD.
Line checker again, for, yes.
Neil.
Yeah, hold on a second.
WYOD.
Hello.
Okay, put them on hold.
Okay, this is other guys gonna go nuts, aren't you, sir?
Yes, Neil.
You can't stand it.
I know, Neil.
And a while back, remember when Irene Richards called.
The burn, and she's not in.
You know, we're in a...
Which time?
Irene called many times.
Well.
Many times to unleash her anger and fury.
And a couple days later, I called after, and I started ripping her bird.
And I don't know what happened to you, but you started defending him, and you then...
Well, what did you mean?
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Was that after or before he was gone?
That was before he was gone.
Well, of course, if he's still here on the show, I'm not gonna orchestrate a crucifixion on
the air.
You crucified me that day.
Well, you deserved it.
I probably did.
And...
And the anonymity's gone.
What do you want to say?
Uh-huh.
Well, now that he's gone, what do you want to say?
He's not even hiding in the newsboard.
Let's rip him a good ass.
Okay, he deserves it.
He's pathetic.
It's true, and especially after everything he said yesterday about you, and here you were trying
to defend him, and I was trying to rip his ass.
And there's a lot of crap about how loyal he was, man.
Every time I was out of this room, even if I went to the John, I'd come back up and I'm
a hallway speaker right here.
Oh, boy!
And I would never call except when he...
And he would suck it up, man.
He loved it.
He loved it.
Is he going to be working anywhere?
Do you have you heard any rumors?
Are you kidding me?
Although I understand they're hiring over at publics.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, he's going to be pushing the little cart.
Couldn't be.
Behind Dicky Farkel.
Maybe.
Okay, well, Neil, thank you.
Farkel will be on the aisle on the extreme right.
Ah, I guess.
Good luck to you, sir.
It's 11 after 11 at the WID.
The audience is vicious and nasty and brutal today, just the way we like it.
Well, we do have an open line in Palm Beach.
I just mentioned that.
I don't really feel like right now.
I felt great this morning.
I came in.
I felt marvelous.
And now a little headache.
Maybe it's the six cigars I smoked before I came.
It's not cigars in the morning, just after the first dozen or so it starts to get to you.
WID.
Yes.
Hold on, please.
Okay?
Yes.
Thank you.
The problem is that after 11 used cars, boy...
Well, let's see.
We can play it.
First, it gets down underneath.
Well, the console really plays.
Call that wrong and turn free back then.
Send the facts, send the facts, send the facts.
If you are a six, eight or so, it starts to be quieter.
If you raise a bell, give a call to John Paul.
Under the banner, get white.
While your drugs are hell like hot, and you yell, yes, I quit monsoon, I'll be your wild and true star rockin' rollin' you.
With the sisters, I can call you.
Don't you ask, don't you ask, like, oh, three, you like him, now the mark goes to four, six, eight.
Dunshouting don't hesitate.
Tell me, oh, now, I'm light or wrong.
We'll make sure, drop me a home.
John Paul gets mad, well, some old fun.
Well, the dope put the Pope on the rope.
Don't you wait for the rescue.
Don't feel like picking up your doubts.
Don't send a century inside a minute, century.
Do the remaining, and I do the adding hand.
Just tell me, I'll be a living kid.
Anyway, Sunday on Facelation, a gullbid one.
Guesting?
What is her name that does the face of the nation?
Leslie Stahl from CBS will be interviewing Gilbert, discussing democracy in the Eastern Block Nations.
It's gonna be incredible.
Okay, Boken Palm Beach, you're both open.
We just mentioned that.
I would be glad to tell you what the time was, but, well, it's 5133.
That's what it says here.
What, what, what happened there?
All of a sudden, not a nowhere.
A clock on a wall, and a clock on the thing here.
They just all went nuts.
Dear Field.
Dear Field.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you doing this?
It's who?
Call me from public.
Yeah, tell me what's up.
Hold on a sec, I don't have a phone.
Okay.
W-Y-O-D.
Whoop, sorry, wrong number.
Okay.
The bulk align, by the way, when you press the button down here, it sticks.
So not only do we have a problem on the line, but also when the physical thing there, it's through the end of the line.
Palm Beach.
Palm Beach, mobile.
Yeah.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
I just want to judge you something.
I've been listening to you for a long time.
Hold on a second.
W-Y-O-D.
Hello?
Okay, it was a line checker on Bokeh.
Go ahead.
I just wanted to judge you something.
Since you got rid of that parasite, that's the only word I can use for a...
Reming.
Huh?
Reming.
Well, I said what I said.
You said it was you said...
Melonhead.
Whatever.
And you should have known it...
You should have known it when you were in Chicago, because you've shown that you did from there by yourself with...
with so fantastic.
Because at that time, I finally realized what it was.
That asshole was not here with...
Did you... did you hear that alibi he gave yesterday about why he didn't go up there?
Now, that was the lamest excuse.
Be well.
He knew all we talked about was the Cubs, and he wasn't going to be a...
Like, he could pick and choose his spots.
Okay?
In other words, if it wasn't something that he was interested in, he wasn't going to be bothered, you know, like with a free trip to Chicago.
And we stayed in the Ritz Carlton, which to me is one of the finest hotels in the world.
You almost got killed, didn't you?
Well, that's another story, but I mean, the food was fabulous.
He didn't have to go to the ball games.
There were a lot of people along any after-wise who went through on way like Melvin who went out and got bombed and had a good time.
Melvin did that?
Oh, Melvin had a great time up there. He didn't want to come back.
I also remember my telling the story every morning.
We'd get up and go out to breakfast at 7.30. He'd be just coming in from the night before.
I realized that when I was listening to you, you had a young girl over there.
She started a lap and she started with much better than him. That's when Harry Carrey came in.
Oh, yeah. That was...
Dork Lady Jr. That was the...
I don't know. Who was great?
And I said, what the hell did he need that cashing asshole?
No, exactly.
All right. You're doing great. Just keep it up there.
We wish him all the best in the world. In fact, maybe, you know, now that they have these sun,
what do they call those things where they get electricity from... You know what I'm talking about?
Oh, solar.
So, yeah, they can use his head as a solar energy source.
Well, maybe he could be a taxi driver in Miami. Only he speaks English.
Okay. Good luck to you, sir.
Yeah, I think it would be good. We could put him like out right between the station in Channel 7
and just point his head at the sun.
And we could probably run both transmitters for us in GTR.
By the way, Spike Wise looks spiffy this morning. He was downstairs with his cowboy hat
and his skirt kickin' outfit. He's got a chorus off to Atlanta.
And those two, I just can't believe it because WXIA and Atlanta
were some of us do see on a satellite, F-12, by the way.
But anyway, they run a lot of spots for that... It's F-M-106 and 104.
It's the only SimalCast F-M, I think, in the country.
And there are different sides of the city. You must have a big signal.
If they have the ZybelCast. And it's old countries.
A country Y's is gonna be up there and who are we sure wish him the best.
And hope that he does well enough that he never has to come back.
Oh my God, where the hell have you been?
Where's the Donnie Osmond pictures?
Why? All right, Melvin, go in and get the story.
All we got is a picture of Fat Rich feeding his face at the specs.
What happened?
Where are those under... Oh, you didn't take the Donnie.
I look through the window. You look like George. Oh, no.
One of you looked perplexed. Oh, look at that. There I am with one of those cigars.
There's no wonder I'm getting a little out of the weather. I'm... I'm chain smoking cigars.
And there's another one where I'm giving the Dictaphyrola salute. That looks good.
Or why are you giving these to me one at a time? Is there a special reason for that?
It's something with a mind of some of your... Oh, I see.
Well, now look at that. I look about a spay and that picture is spay-way and that is darling.
What kind of a picture is that? It looks like a scene out of Lakaja Full or something.
And I don't want that one, okay?
I don't want my dogs to see that they leave home.
God, that is the fiest picture I have ever taken in my life.
Well, listen to Macho either. Well, that's a guard.
I'm holding it like... It could be something else, you know.
That's pretty good. Now, this is a good one here. This is a good picture.
Excellent. Are these mine?
There's one that you're going to be with. It's my only picture.
Well, what about this? Can I have this one?
And I'll give you these other limperasted ones here to take back.
Thank you very much. What a gentleman.
Or I thought, no, I looked through there and you can't always see the lighting isn't good.
And I thought it was George and I said, we're those darling ozman pictures.
This is Parallel Adenis from Parallel Act Systems Irrigation.
So if you need to have your system irrigated, are you listening to Alex?
Here's a guy who could do it for you. These are the photos from Mammades.
We had a great time down there. It's a bit so it was fabulous.
And the rich of course is doing what he does best eating.
Alright, let's... Dear Field, didn't we do Dear Field?
Just can't be another Dear Field. Are you in Dear Field?
Dear Field, yeah. I'm back.
Oh, okay.
Are you the one that was on the phone or something?
Oh, yeah. I'm back.
How was it?
Oh, it's okay.
Okay.
I went to your friend's breakfast.
I mean, your friend's birthday party.
Bill's holder.
You got it.
I'm making yogurt.
Yeah.
Gilbert's a nice guy.
Yes he is.
Alex still not know what he did yesterday.
Now he did a really tacky thing yesterday and I hope he comes on and apologizes at life
although I know he won't.
But I know.
It was very, very poor.
And he was the one that he was on at Billy Acid about why we had so much of money here.
I mean, how many more shows does Gilbert need to be on?
Really. He's a really, really nice guy.
Yes he is.
And a lot of fun and he knows where it's at and that's it.
That's right.
And he was nailing fans as much as he was nailing Gilbert.
Was he?
Yeah.
He hates to stand with a passion.
I guess that's the way I'm trying to replace somebody and the guy's down and up and you have to pick on him.
You know, I would never do that to stand.
No.
Although he is getting pretty, you know.
Anyway.
And your numbers should be lowered.
I mean, I'll probably lower than a really young because everybody here at public on the drivers listen to you all the time.
They should be lower than they are?
I mean, they're lower than they really are.
Yeah.
They're all the drivers you're living to.
Excellent.
Well, we're going to make sure you guys all get diaries next time.
John Raimi, he's a douchebag.
Okay. Excellent job, sir.
All right.
Have a good one.
Bye-bye.
Okay. It's 51-33 at WI.
I don't know what time it is.
It's about 12-46, 11-46.
Whatever the hell time I want it to be, I guess.
What is that?
Call that for what?
On the year?
I'm not going to waste my time with that.
WI-O-D.
Yeah.
I'll talk to Neil.
Hold on.
Please WI-O-D.
Collect for Mr. G.
Will you buy it?
No.
Let's go to...
No, we're tired of him already.
North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
How you doing?
Good.
Well, no matter what anyone says, you're a great humanitarian.
You bet.
You hung out with that bird for the longest time.
Too long.
Much too long.
You know, and then with...
with the miller's house and with Gilbert.
You know, and then...
and then...
they abuse of you.
You know?
I wish.
You know, you wish.
No, I mean...
You're like a planet, Eric, just like...
What happened?
You said...
I mean, Alex just destroyed him.
He really did.
I heard him tell Gilbert to say red rover.
And then he was...
he was arguing about the dangerous crabs and everything.
I mean, he just ripped them.
He was ripping Gilbert's dangerous crabs?
Yeah, something...
We don't monkey around with Gilbert's dangerous crabs.
I'll tell you that right now.
Well, listen, I think...
Those are fighting words.
I know this is something you don't do that much.
But I think you should go on and show...
and just rip them and know how...
Who?
I don't...
I don't see...
I don't go for that Steve King contrived.
I'm gonna come on and...
Well, let me...
Who won?
He's being like Steve King.
He's coming in a couple minutes every day before you show me.
I don't have any problem with that.
But I want to say it again.
Why isn't anybody responding to this?
Are they all deaf?
Don't you remember...
Right.
...when he came in on Tuesday.
I know.
Maybe he didn't do it on...
Oh, Gilbert.
It was at the beginning of his show.
And he said it's a Gilbert-free...
He must have said this 30 times Tuesday all during the show.
It's a Gilbert-free Tuesday and tomorrow's gonna be Gilbert-free Wednesday.
And every day on my show's gonna be Gilbert-free because it's out of control...
between Neil and this one and even Stan's talking about it.
And he's right.
He had a very valid point.
It's just getting out of control.
Then he comes on yesterday and he's gonna have him on for 10 minutes...
and it turns into a...
a nightmare.
I don't get it.
Right.
Well, let me...
Let me answer something.
Why are you talking to Boy Gary?
What the hell do they want?
Talk to Boy Gary about getting Gilbert...
maybe half of what the bird made...
and put him on your show.
Maybe about 25 grand a year.
No. No. I work alone, sir.
You know, there's a lot of fun.
One to week. One to week.
Once in a while.
I don't like to be predictable.
Once in a while.
Once in a while you'll bring Gilbert in.
Right.
We like him to call. Gilbert call once in a while.
Okay.
All right. See ya.
Right.
Are they gonna do something about the clock today?
Or is it...
I don't get that.
Where is this time come from?
I sure hope it's not connected to the atomic clock...
because otherwise the whole world is in big trouble.
I can just see the Queen standing out there looking at big Ben right now.
Or at Prince Charles.
Boy, they had a thing about...
I don't know, his entertainment tonight or one of those last night about Prince Charles and Diana.
He is so meus.
I mean, honest to God.
That man...
that child...
whatever he is...
I'm not sure what category he fits into...
but he is so ugly and scrawny...
and his ears are bigger than his body...
he looks like Dumbo on a bad day.
And he was in a bathing suit and he's got like the ugliest...
the most hideous body...
his body is almost as ugly as his face...
and those British with that royalty...
they just gotta be something done about that.
Okay. They're just like the bird.
They don't know they lost the war.
Okay. Nobody ever told them that they lost the war.
And they just...
don't know what the hell is going on those British.
We're probably gonna get a call about that, huh?
It's one of those Queen worshipers.
Anyway, and stand is looking at my watch.
It's 1150, a WYOD.
All right.
Just stand.
Just stand.
Just stand.
Okay. It's 5133.
I think ever gonna fix that...
what the hell happened?
A clock on a wall...
and then we have a little clock on our board here...
and it's...
they both say 5133 and they're just stuck in suspended animation.
I wonder if there's something significant about that.
Maybe that's a code.
Here's a Pembroke Pine.
Hello.
Oh, where's the adrenaline hands?
Borshing nipples.
Neal.
This year it's called a birthday party the other night.
But I saw so many of these strange chronics like the guy with the eyes.
Yeah.
We were talking to him and getting to these a friend of.
Your other buddy Ken Block.
Don't I know that?
I don't even know that.
He was all riddance of a feather.
You know, Ken's such a nice guy.
And he loves to go in so much.
Yeah.
You screwed, go in so...
Yeah.
Oh, I know.
I know.
He's the one that came out to the track that they had highly and they had him thrown out.
He told that story and how you were saying, you know, he was...
He was just fun with you, you know.
He wasn't fun with anybody.
He's standing behind me babbling to nobody.
I mean, there was nobody there and he's standing way behind me.
Oh, what you do to the bird was I'm comfortable on Ken.
He's got this other goofball that hangs out with him as Alex.
And I'm telling you, it's just...
It's amazing when guys get to be that age and they have nothing better to do.
It's like sandbox time, you know.
It's unbelievable.
Anyway, last night I was in my way to class.
And I clicked in on Ernie Soach and showed just before seven.
Oh, well, you're covering all the bases now.
What can I say now?
And guess who he had on?
Mr. Levit.
Federal Levit.
Discussing his investigative...
An investigation he had done into your friend and Coral Gable.
And how you had done all these bad things to him and you had personally threatened him and his wife.
Yeah, well, it's...
And Ernie was defending you and Ernie pointed out that, well, if Neil was a bad guy,
why was he restraining order put against the other guy?
And Ferrell goes, oh, because the concentration is so big and poor Jack is just wondering why...
Let me tell you something.
Let me tell you something.
Dick Ferrell is one of the most chronic troublemakers I've ever encountered in a business.
It no wonder that Steve is the one that found him.
And from the day that he came in his building, he was looking to make trouble.
That's his... that seems to be his main goal in life.
His goal in life.
He's a troublemaker.
Well, good luck to him, okay.
Anyway, last one.
Well, I really was really risen to his own level now at FPL.
I was sunk to whatever.
Yeah, well, whatever.
No way.
So last night when Stan was playing some of police song at 10, I clipped back to FPL and guess who did a 15 minute interview with Gilbert?
Paul wasn't going to Paul Wyle.
Yeah, crying.
Gilbert, you're my friend.
Why didn't you come on my show and Gilbert goes, well, you have my number, you never called me.
That's it.
I'm going to do...
Listen, I'm going to do the same thing that Bill did this morning, okay?
Gilbert, you're a wonderful guy.
I love you.
You're funny.
And I'll use the cards, but that's it.
But enough.
You're Gilbert enough.
I mean, just out of control, it's like a mania now.
It's insanity.
And I'm not saying that anybody owns anybody else.
But you just can't be all over the dial everywhere, monopolizing every show and time.
It takes the edge.
It's not funny anymore.
Absolutely.
But it's pathetic.
Absolutely.
I have a great day.
Okay.
Yeah, that's inches it from me.
Gilbert, we wish you the best, okay?
It's 1156 at WIOD.
There's an open line in Dave County if you're rush now.
But of course we've always got...
Just to be, you know, safe.
Kendall.
Hello.
Yeah.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Well, how does it look?
I'm a first time caller.
It is great.
And how is it so far?
Well, I'm okay so far.
Are you standing up or sitting down?
I'm sitting down.
Holds on?
Yeah.
Something's out, but I got the clothes on.
Anyway, Gilbert Mania has taken over Kendall.
I mean, I'm a Miami-Dade student and we're all nuts about Gilbert.
Maybe you can have him on your station down there.
Yeah, I wish we...
Hopefully we will soon.
But I made a little tape for you.
Maybe you'd like to hear Gilbert in action.
What is it?
Well, it's a little something I made.
Okay.
You want to hear something you made?
Yeah, here it is.
My, my, my, my name, man, my, my, my, name, man.
Gilbert!
Gilbert!
Gilbert!
Gilbert!
Gilbert!
Gilbert!
Gilbert!
Gilbert!
Gilbert!
Gilbert!
Gilbert!
Gilbert!
Gilbert!
And I'm so thankful thank you for that.
And so, Gilbert!
I'm glad you guys were learning something about me.
We're thanking him.
Have a great thing.
That was cute.
1158 at WIOD, we have an opening in Dave County now where Albert Einstein just turned
up.
Now he's a good guy.
I don't want to get to all of us.
I've got to put it away now.
We have an open line in Dave County, 751 WIOD and one in Palm Beach, of course, at 655
Hmong.
If we can say that.
Can we steal a word from Lee Fowler?
Can we say Hmong on the ear?
Oh, God.
It just wears you out.
It just tears your kiss cues out.
But that's where it goes.
Don't forget Alex Bender today and there's something unusual, like comedian on the Alex
Bender Joe.
Joe Vega will be here at 3 p.m.
We all, of course, know Joe.
And that's it.
I'm sure there'll be more.
And of course, that live studio audience and food coming in.
I'll speak at a food coming in.
I don't want to start getting.
Did you call?
There are boys.
Here's a guy who's worth every penny of it.
Well, probably my last chance.
I don't be broke after this.
I believe it.
Well, just send us the bill.
We won't pay it, but send it to us.
It'll make you feel better.
Yeah, send me a quarter.
I'll send it to you.
Okay.
Phil, we'll send you a stamp.
Oh, guys, send it to stamp.
Phil, yeah.
What happened with the bird yesterday?
I mean, why did he bother showing up?
That's an excellent question.
Well, he thought he was going to be real cute and Mr. Cooy and he was going to come in
and crash the proceedings here and we just caught him with his tail between his legs
so to speak.
I think he did more damage than anything else.
Well, he sure didn't.
My eyes.
I'll tell you that.
I think he's a nerd.
I think he's a jerk.
I know they just took the whole cake in the ice cream out of here.
Well, we didn't want the party in here.
We wanted to eat the ice cream in the cake.
And where's my check?
Boy, this is getting pretty smart, man.
Here, I'll tell you that.
What is it, sir?
The bird?
The bird.
Yeah, the bird is history, right?
You've heard now.
He's not going to be showing up here any day now.
Well, he's not on this show.
I guarantee you that.
And if anybody else puts him on, I'll do a week and rip them.
I'll tell you right now.
We don't want him off the property, sir.
I have quite used to deal with Adam now.
We want his feathers off the property.
Let him go make his mess someplace else.
And then I'll go back to gloves 94 and be Irene Richard sidekick.
That's what he deserves.
As far as Alex goes, I think he's fine as his ditch.
I don't know.
Give him a little more time.
What is it?
I think he's trying to be too much like you.
I really know he's not.
He's not always.
He always.
Where I can't believe it.
No, he doesn't sound like me.
You know, he doesn't.
OK, Neil.
He's a little more whiny than I am.
I'm probably sticking it up here.
I got to hang up today.
OK, see you.
It's probably one tell to a WIO day.
It's got nothing to do with him being like me.
It's just got to do what he's got to learn the lay of the land.
So to speak, the lay of the land, which is what he's looking for.
Here's the not-landing lady.
Hi, Neil.
Were you on before?
Yes, I was.
Well, I'm very sorry.
I was getting emotionally distraught and carried away.
And I shine you, I guess.
That's OK.
That's OK.
You know, when I found out we're going to be related.
Really?
Related by Lisa.
What do you mean?
My brother, Ciance.
Is that a name?
Her answer is your landlord.
Are you serious?
Is that a real?
Isn't that great?
Yeah.
Your brother's fiance's aunt.
That's it.
Is my landlord my land lady?
Your land lady.
In California.
Right.
Well, they're nice people.
Yeah, they are.
And they also want me to keep my satellite dish.
That's right.
So is my brother.
Good.
Oh, boy.
I sure lucked out now.
He's got good ideas to help you.
I'll tell you one thing that's really fascinating.
And all of a sudden, the last couple of days,
my neighbors are so friendly.
It's disgusting.
Really?
They're just all walking their dog.
Hey, how you doing?
They weren't the ones they call.
I sure like to see that Ferrari finally move from over there
for just, you know, and see Dave came and washed the car.
Boy.
Yeah.
Well, listen, that's a big improvement.
I'm not complaining.
At least they're speaking.
That's a good start.
That's true.
That's true.
So not planning.
We're going to hope it's good tonight.
Well, we know that Michael and the old senator there,
who I'm getting so tired of, I could vomit,
but we know that they're going to have a little chat about something
because they saw the preview last week.
So at least he'll be on for another 20 or 30 seconds,
maybe more tonight.
He'll be sharing with Liam D'Vane.
And of course, we have all that black men.
Now, that ought to be pretty interesting.
All the blackmail stuff with Tom.
With Tom and what's his name?
Yeah, I can't ever think of Tom.
I can't either.
I think there's a good reason.
Henry is not Henry.
It's Harvies.
They're Harold.
Harold.
I was close.
Harold.
Yeah, Harold's a dork.
Right.
And you notice how fast, how quick he made up with his wife.
Hey, if I mean that was a...
That's a test you could get.
There wasn't even any fun, you know?
He knew he'd have nobody else.
Yeah.
So she must need some contacts.
Definitely.
You see, he's a girl's top buck.
And she's settling for that.
Well, it'll never last.
No, never last.
And don't be pretty good.
I think so.
And I think they're going to put the William D'Vane away
at the end of the show tonight.
Yeah, let's hope so.
Put him in a rubber room for a while.
Well, both of us are fingers crossed.
And he'll go off and visit Donna Mills.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Did you hear the thing that next season is
a Michelle Ease last year?
Is it?
That story as long as Michael Steele.
Thanks for happening.
Now they'll be the main character.
Like, right.
Something to be...
Maybe he'll move in with Mack.
Right.
Have a great day.
Talk to you tomorrow.
Bye-bye.
There she is.
The not-slanding lady we got our ice cream and cake.
The cake is delicious.
The ice cream, of course, is vanilla.
Right?
It's okay.
But vanilla is so...
I do not believe that anybody likes vanilla ice cream.
I mean, it's okay.
But it's nothing exciting.
Anyways, 42 at WIV.
Are you still eating?
Okay, hold on.
Or all gables.
Hello?
Don't be...
I'm sorry.
Oh.
Can't you finish it?
Come on, you can do it.
A...
Your cat.
Excellent.
It was worth it, wasn't it?
Yeah, after all, a sn-sli-l-brotherhood week, right?
You feel better now, sir?
Yeah.
See ya.
Okay, boy.
Uh, don't worry.
Hey, Leo, how you doing?
Okay.
It looks like I got a baseball question.
Get off this birdcrap.
Get off the birdcrap, excellent.
Uh, you see Mitch Whips, that Webster got a million fine?
No.
Yeah, from the Cleveland India.
Want to stay home?
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Boy, you got to be...
Yeah, I saw on the paper the other day.
What?
A million fine for a guy who strikes out 100 times?
Well, lucky he only got 675,000.
That's what I heard the other day.
And I would pay him a lot more than that.
Just to come by the house.
You bet.
Mitch, when you were...
You were doing the game.
Were you there when Nelson Santovini was catching?
Sure.
How about Mike Brownie?
Yeah.
Danny Smith?
Yeah.
Ross Jones?
Sure.
Those are all my kids.
What do you mean they're all your kids?
Well, I used to coach those guys in the club.
Well, you used to call them.
Well, I'll say they're all your kids because they'll
be quite an accomplice.
Yeah, really.
I was the same time.
Because Ross Jones was Jewish.
Yeah, what?
No, he wasn't.
Yes, he was, I think, or half.
Maybe.
Danny Smith was a nice kid.
How about you?
Oh, I know.
Mike Brownie was pretty bizarre character.
He sure was.
I had him when he was 15 and he went all the way to the Legion team.
Did you ever give him a bar or so?
I don't think you knew how to take a bath.
No.
I just wanted to call and say the bird.
Blow out of the nest.
Those were the days, blah.
That's when you went baseball was really odd tell you.
Yeah, when when skip was there, they, you know, yeah, they had a good team.
Well, I'm not saying it to them.
I could now that they might not have a surprising season this year.
They start out good against Stetson.
Red to toe.
You bet.
OK, nobody liked my buddy Ron.
Let me tell you.
Well, yeah, we grew up right down the street from Ron.
He's a great guy.
Ron is the greatest.
OK, have a nice day.
See you.
Bye-bye.
144, a WIOD.
That sounded like George Washington there.
Sound like the father of our country.
Well, this is not bad.
Take.
I like the artificial coloring the best.
Hmm, not bad at all.
What I say, Stetson, sitting on what excuse me?
OK.
Fight the big one.
OK, just leave me alone.
I have my take.
Hey, my seat.
Now is my mic rodent all now.
You made me say you made me say right.
Hi, everybody.
This is Gilbert and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
And I like it when Neil sits in on my show.
Anytime, Gilbert.
OK, dear Phil, still eating, of course.
No, of course.
Let's go to a parkland.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
This is all about you.
I'm like, you're eating too.
This is all about Gilbert.
Yeah.
First observation suggestion, then a Gilbert's fire at work.
I don't know if you realize Gilbert is the very broad element of Neil Rogers.
Yes, I do.
And you can use him in that same way, Letterman uses that.
But Melmond's only on once in a while, though.
Yeah, once in a while.
He's on a wide.
Exactly!
Otherwise, he'll be on once in a while.
Right.
In any case, I'm just saying that before you decide to get rid of you the first one to have
on your show, no, it was not.
And you're the first one to have him on the show.
It's not on the phone.
Oh, no, I wasn't.
Joey Reynolds.
Ah, you had him a door elaborate last week.
Well, that's right, you're right.
Anyway, in any case, Giver in order for Gilbert was on a letter of K-Hale last night.
I know.
He did the $50 to answer when I heard to the great fine.
Yup.
OK, that's it, Neil.
Everywhere okay, good luck you
146 the W.I.D. Boy's been pretty interesting day. We had a little um what the hell did we have?
Well, we had the pizza from GTR that they gave us very grudgingly and also made a few of derogatory comments
I know it's for a man
Next time anybody except Meg's son comes over from GTR. They've had it. What's his name?
What is it Robin as
Embatman
Orabi as in Joe Jr
Okay, Robby you didn't come by here anytime. Okay, just take your clothes off nobody will tell mom
He is getting look better isn't he in the beginning? He was pretty schmutz you look a man
He'd like some help and now he's gonna look a little better or I'm getting more desperate
I'm not sure which it is this Saturday night is backed by popular demand
You can win cash in a poppin o'hara super five thousand dollar giveaway
This Saturday night ended when you're sure of five thousand bucks in cash
I wonder where the hell is this show gone is this mobile still here in Boka? Yes, I am the hawk
Shocking sir I knew that would set you back a couple it takes me a bag
Hey, no, when did this Gilbert guy come from anyway? Where did he come from? Yeah, all of a sudden now I had this guy's a little over town
He's like it's like an epidemic sir. He's everywhere. He's spreading all over the radio dial
I think you bring out the best of everybody now. Yeah, sure like the bird for example
An absolute example hey, listen to me like I question boy. If you remember a guy named Zachary
Used to be a W any W up in New York. No, and he had used the host a
Thriller show on TV, you know, it's I find a road in New York so I don't
Know who that is. Okay. I just wonder and one other thing you remember about five or six years ago
They said that if they ever got a basketball team we get a hockey team. Yeah, and they tried to sell tickets or season tickets
No, no, that's a long time ago. That was the screaming Eagles. That's 14 years ago
14 years ago. See time for life when you're having fun. Hey Neil
I want to call a friend of mine at douchebag and go ahead. Sure quickly. Okay. It's Bobby
Bobby C
Okay, thanks. Yeah, boy. That was beyond belief. Let's go to a four-lotter day. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah
Yeah, listen, I called earlier and I'm the guy said some of the love that I wanted to apologize for what I said
I didn't mean that got excited when I found out. Okay. Well, I'll be straighting it up. Let's go to Miami. Hello
Hello
Hi, Neil. I can see I've got a corny and you know, and I'm looking for Alec
Good. Well, I'll be here in just a second. Come into the audience room. Sure. He'd be glad to talk things over with you. Miami. Hello
Please don't take Gilbert out of my life, Neil
Uh, well, the sudden that's been posted to a clock and all the lightweights are calling. Let's go to a four-lotter day. Oh, hello
I'm sorry. I'm holding for Gilbert. Okay. Hold on. Uh, Miami
Hold on a second. Uh, Bokka. Yeah, Neil. Yeah, real spy report on Gilbert. Did you know that he was on Larry King this morning about four o'clock?
Yes, sir. We just mentioned that within the last eight or nine minutes. I think but thank you again so much
We've only mentioned that about 15 times today
But good luck to you. I love these people who have no idea. They just tune in last minutes of the show
And all of a sudden they're calling in with great revelations. I went out. How many people we got coming in? I see two cheers
That's enough. He said
You can tell us and I come on. How many are coming in?
12
We have 12 coming in today
We have enough for a jury and a minion. How do you like that?
Let's go to a pompano. Hello
Get a light now
Good one great calls are very creative marvelous Miami. I like oh god. Are you putting are you screening these or you just
They're putting them on hold I do better when I put them on hold W. I. O. D.
Uh, Neil you give us a suck. Okay, excellent. See I get the good calls mom Elvin W. I. O. D.
Yeah, Neil rules the world
Uh, let's try a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello. I'm dying. Oh,
Just got it in their mind the last 20 minutes they're gonna do this here every day now. Is that is that what it's all about?
Save it for Alex my god the lightning rod. That would be good. I'll even get the buzzer out for
Big County hello
Hello
Okay, hold on sir W. I. O. D. Lying checker. Thank you W. I. O. D.
W. I. O. D.
Gilbert sucks the bird suck you're better by yourself
Good one. Broward. I'm still holding for Gilbert. Oh, okay
I'm about to come back to Broward County. Hello. Oh, that's right. That's the eater in dear field Palm Beach
Holding for Alex. Okay, hold on. We'll have them all full for you in a second. Big County. Hello. And Neil. Yeah. Yeah. I'm calling you so happy. Listen to all those other
Deesh bags that I'm talking to. Yeah. I mean
It's your show right? Yeah. Why are they calling to me? Everybody else? Uh, I don't know. You know what?
Neil I've never ever ever called I listen to every one of them. Why not? Why are you some kind of introvert?
Yeah, some kind of anti-social moron. I don't know. Sound like a reasonable guy to me. No, no, wrong, wrong, wrong kind. No, no, no. I've
Wrong kind of one. What? Oh, look at that. I got another cigar here. That'll give me a real good headache. What is it now?
Sir have a nice day. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. Hello
Listen, I have to get that excited about it. Listen after all these other calls
Go ahead. I have had a problem for the last three or four weeks. Sounds like it. I have. It's been a bad one. Every time I turn it
Television on I see Alice. You see Alex? Alice. Oh, Alice. I want to know one thing. Yeah. Where did he get those ears? I don't know
Where did he get those eyes? Where do you get that nose? The ears? Where did he get that flier? The ears? The ears? Alice Rantell
I think you ought to what called Alex to them give him a little seminar on Alice Rantell. I'm sure he'd be excited about that. They'd count
He'll hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. How you doing? Call me from beautiful Miami. Like
Call me from the front and front. Great. I like to call my girlfriend Cruzeau a douchebag Amal. You're calling from the Miami Lakes? Miami
Right. They do have douchebag up here. Speak in English. Okay, just calm down sir. Calm down. I don't know what I mean. That means have a tremendous life a wonderful day in America. Okay. Say hello to El Pajaro for us.
See him. Uh, Delray. Hello. It's a big boss man. Oh, God.
Hollywood. Yes. Neil. Yeah. Listen, Neil. We're from the Italian American club and we just wanted to make a comment on Joey Reynolds
That we enjoy listening to him. We think he's very entertaining and we're glad he's on your team with WRLT. Excellent.
Thanks for listening to us. Okay, sir. Have a nice day. What's wrong?
Joey Pinto. Why would a guy change his name from Pinto to Reynolds? Isn't that a little unusual? Yeah, has been being
as it has been. Yeah. Anyway, well, I do what you want, but he's all in hope for Alex because I can kill a couple of minutes here.
Easily back there some days when I don't take not very often, but once in a while I get a little bug in my ear and I just
ramble for four hours. I should have how much to talk to all these nerds, right?
Anyway, Alex is special guested to this avenue will be Gilbert and
That would be something boy. That would really be incredible. Don't say it though. He'll come in. That's a problem. He's everywhere.
He was on Larry King last night and about three in the morning, said I like Arson's shirt tonight.
Probably and Letterman. He did Letterman special the other night. There's gonna be on Carson's tonight. He's gonna head big man. Look out.
You're gonna be on one of those Budweiser Clides deals. Had not a time in no time. You don't want your ass.
I think Gilbert said picture on those publishes clearing house numbers. That's it. Gilbert's coming to your house with $10 million.
And even if there's no money, you'll have a few laughs. Okay? Palm Beach.
Bill, yeah. I want to pick a direct demand now place for a lunch for me today.
I was looking out for me to find I need a nice big.
I am sandwich with some nice,
juicy big heavy mayonnaise.
This shirt and that nice big.
You know, I could get the one. Yeah, spelled goyish your village here. It's right there right by you.
Cal Fad rich to stop giving out our hotline. Was he getting a call on the hotline? Who is it?
Is it for him? Well, who is it? Who is it for? It's for us. Hello.
Hey, I'm the guy with Michigan State shirt. That's all.
How come you got this line? Who gave you this number? That rich.
Oh my god. Fat rich is giving out the hotline number to listen.
I'm not going to kneel. Oh my god.
You'll remember this. I've had this number for over two weeks, but I respect you enough.
But who gave it to you?
