Let's get right back to these because it's been one of my favorite days. It's North Miami Beach next. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Are you doing Neil? Okay. Hey, I'll grab you now. Uh, what's the temperature today? What was the temperature today?
Yeah. I just wanted to tell you I was listening to that station next door and I heard Alex's buddy pen on there. He's doing some sort of promo.
He said, uh, this is 10 of pen and color McBean you suck. Oh, that's great. Excellent. Creative right to the point. But didn't Alex pay him enough to be on his show. He had to run next door. I can't afford that yet.
Well, listen, my best friend, uh, Penn July told me that it's all just a big joke. Right. Okay. All right. My good friend George Washington and Abe Lincoln and Benjamin Harrison. Have a great day. Hey, wait. Can I, uh, can I cross my a douchebag now? No chance. Uh, you have to have better material on that to call somebody a douchebag. Miami. Hello. Neil. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. Uh, the boys and I would like to invite you to one of our theme picnics. Good. We have two open lines. You're both in Dave County 751 W I O D.
Hello. Hello. Yeah. Deal. Yes. Yeah. I got a Gilbert Spire report for you. Yeah. Yeah. It was sitting out at Mark by staying with my, my own business. And here, cruising by the field level seats is Gilbert carrying the sign of Jack with Jackie Cleason's picture on it.
Yeah. Yeah. Oh, he was a horrible last night. He was very entertaining trying to pick up on all the co ads. Uh, huh. So when you, when you talk to him, I don't talk to him. Sir Gilbert is history on this show. Don't you understand that? I mean, he doesn't have what? You got that on the car. You don't have him laughing. It's all your dreaming. Okay. I'll go back to sleep. That. Okay. When you wake up, I hope you feel a lot better. Halondale. He only over the man. What does that mean? Canada? What does that mean?
Hello, Neil. Yeah. How are you today? Where are you in Hamilton? No, Ottawa. Ottawa. Ottawa. No one likes to devil down here. What a good connection. I'm down here. Right? Yeah. Uh huh. How are you today? Great. I just, I just came up from being down there five months. And I missed you. You came up from being down there. So did you ever consider maybe taking like, you get a compass would be a good, then take a geography course? Well, um, you just came up from down there. I just came up to go up to Australia. My
self. No, no. I mean, I just came up from Florida to up here. What? You're in, you expect me to believe
you're in Canada now? I'm in Canada right now with a connection like this. Yeah. We should get a car from
Channel seven and it wouldn't sound this clear. Okay. No, it's probably be a wrong number. What? I'm in Ottawa. No,
you're not. I am. Yeah. I'll prove it to you. How can you prove it to me? Stick it out the window.
The phone. It's too cold out here. The phone. Yeah, I know. It's, it's terrible. Okay. If you say so,
well, humor, you know, how come you didn't call collect? Uh, so I didn't need to. Oh, you're loaded,
huh? No, I meant work. Oh, you're using somebody else's money. Of course. Great. What's the area code
there? 613. 613. I'll be dang. Well, that's great. Yeah. Can I, can I listen for a little
while? It's a foster. You would say to say hi to you too, by the way. The foster, you at the,
they declared Harold, Harold, Ballard in competence yesterday. I said foster. You would said to say,
didn't we already know about that? Okay. Harold Ballard's been incompetent for the last 50 years.
This morning's paper had a collection of quotes from him over the years on various subjects.
They were quite entertaining. Yeah. You know what the first one was?
No, what was it? I'm dying on the air. Hold on, sir. Now you good luck to you. Okay. I can't
believe that. Do you believe he's an Ottawa? I guess so if he says so, who the hell are we to
argue? Mobile on the turnpike that's got to be gone by now, right? No, I'm here. Well, fantastic.
How are you doing? How are you doing, Neil? Well, I'm not sure. I think we're making a slow come back here.
I hope so. Hey, you mentioned Conno Mizzillo the other day on the, on the radio and he's from
Canis, still in New York. One of those small handles up there in upstate New York.
Wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Let's slow down. I mentioned Kalamazoo and he's from Canis,
Stoda. The common Bizzillo. The common Bizzillo. Yeah. Not Bizzillo. Bizzillo.
Bizzillo with a cauliflower here. Yeah. Yeah, right. And just wanted to say hi. I listen to your call all
the time. Is he, isn't he dead? No, no. He's, he's, he's, but he's not dead. Oh, close. Yeah, close.
Okay. But I just wanted to say hi to another upstate New Yorker. Great. Also, one is called
a white PC, a douchebag. Excellent job, sir. Very good. Have a good one. You too. Now there's a call.
29 after one at W. I. O. D. We have an opening in date County, but you're going to have to move like
the wind to get in. That's obvious. 751 W. I. O. D. Let's go to, um, oh, come on. I don't want it.
I don't want to do over and under and in and out. Get out of here with that chip to sure. Don't
ever put those on. Those are the most awful calls and you can't understand them and they're,
okay, over. Just try to impress somebody. Okay. I'm not interested in talking anybody on a ship.
North Miami Beach. Hello, unless they want to pick me on it and get out of here real quick. Yes.
Yeah. Who's this playing? Wait a minute, sir. Just slow down a minute. Yes.
Listen, I heard that W. N. I. I'm going to take over W. I. Yeah, right.
You have you heard that? Yeah. Just now. A Fort Lauderdale. Hello. A high net. Yeah, what do you want, Bill?
Pardon me? My name's Tom. I just moved down here and I really enjoy your show. Great, Jack.
Tom. I told the guy that I answered. We don't hear what your name is. Sir, everybody's anonymous
on this show. Even the host. Do you do issues? Yeah. What do you want to talk about?
Oh, well, you know, let's talk about the reunification of Germany. Okay, sir. Let's play
Duitsland, New Boralus. The drug problem. Oh, yeah. Let's solve the drug problem. Let's get
in that real heavy duty, man. We've got the war on drug. How about income tax?
Income tax would be excellent. Okay. Let's have the the tea bag rebellion.
Well, man, I really like I like the show. Excellent. Okay. Far. Jack, we'll talk to you.
130 is W. I. D. We have an opening in Broward. 5249463 W. I. D. Nails. Yeah. What's up? What do you want?
Just to call up. See what's going on. Okay. Let's go to Boca. Hello. I want to get back.
Palm Beach. Hello. Oh, Nail. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. Now this town really depresses me. Yes. Every day.
And I was I was thinking if you want any special reason or just in general. Just in general.
But if you really want to corner the market, if you want every share. I don't want to corner the
market. I want out of the market. Sure. Like by two o'clock. I want out. I was thinking you should do
your show by Langually to a Spanish show and an English show. Right. That's just what we need.
Another Spanish language station. Sure. Don't you realize? Did you have any you heard that this? What
do they call it? All a simulation. That's what's going to happen. Everybody's going to be
assimilated and in no time at all all the Spanish language stations will be gone. That's why we
have 47 of them now. But think of it. Neil, Neil and Espanya. That would be incredible. That would
be absolutely incredible. El Paso, Sir, audio. It's have a wonderful life. Let's go to
Palm Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. May I hold to listen to the show? No. W-I-O-D. Yeah, how you doing?
Okay. Good. I know this comes in the shock. But the lines are first used to talk to people.
Not for people to use like as a radio. Go out and buy a radio. Okay. Cheapskate. We're using the
radio. The guy in Palm Beach that I just hung up on. Well, damn him. Exactly. Hello. She think
this is. Who the hell does he want? I don't know what the hell anyone in this town wants. I am so
mad. I am ready to spew some venom on your radio. Good. Go ahead, sir. Do it. Oakland Park,
you people in the mail department are a bunch of screw ups. They suck. They're afraid of little
barking dogs. Yes. They've got to walk all the way up to the house to the mailbox. Well, we don't
want to deliver mail to your neighbors because your dog barks. I hope they're listening. I hope
they're listening because I hope they dial wicked deaths. You're a painful wicked death. I'm
going to make sure they do. God, I did it. I'm going to cover that whole place in one great big bag
that I'm going to pump every poison known to man into it. I can hear me. Yeah, I can hear you.
Not really. I hope they hear me. I know. I'm a little upset. I'm sorry. I got to calm down.
Gonna be okay now. Yeah. I feel better. You feel better? Yeah. Yeah. I don't order lunch now.
Excellent. Okay. I'm not going to say anything. Have it. I say, well, I almost said something
terrible right there. It would have been true, but it would have been terrible. 133. You know what it was.
Oh, God. It would have been it would have been curtains, but I would love to say it. W-I-O-D.
This is the real Irene Richard.
You that was excellent. Wasn't it? I read the Queen W-I-O-D. Hello. Excuse me. Has anyone
I just barely missed your number? If I tell you a number, would you tell me whether that's
or not? No. So I'm 33 at W-I-O-D. I'll give you a number. Okay.
Should we take a little break here? I think we ought to probably take a little break and
is that her again? W-I-O-D. This is Irene Richard. Oh, hold on Irene. That sounds
more like the real one. Anyway, don't call me for numbers. Okay. Don't call me for numbers. I don't
know any numbers. I know the phone numbers and I know the numbers are in the clock, which means
that in about 25 minutes I'm getting the hell out of here. Okay. And I'm going to go home and take
a crock's animal and I'm going to feel a lot better when I get through. It's 134 at W-I-O-D.
911 is the oursgs here.
Come, come, baby, I can say for you, for you, for you, take it all for me
All I do is breathe, I can't decide
Come, I don't know how to say
I can't believe that people tell me
My head is all made of the name of me
I can't believe that people tell me
I can't believe that people tell me
I can't believe that people tell me
I can't believe that people tell me
I can't believe that people tell me
I can't believe that people tell me
Driving home the music, driving home the news
Driving home the sports and weather
All the different views
He'll help you through the traffic
Care it's mild or too
Stop the car, those driving home with you every day
Stop the car, those driving home
My stomach plays specials double gear
I-O-D
Okay, 1-40, it's someplace embarrassing W-I-O-D
Pembroke Pines
He said, oh this is the guy that we left because he was still mumbling before
Are you mumbling, sir?
He's still mumbling, okay, he's still busy in the background
Miami
I'm holding a foot stand
Okay, south-seach
Hey, how you doing today?
Okay
I was gonna ask you, what did you used to work at before working at a talk show?
Oh
At Denny's
At Denny's?
Yeah
Oh man, what's Denny's at?
On the buscane in 30 years six
Oh, it's the buscane 30 years?
Are you married?
No
Are you?
I'm on the bus
So you want to go out?
Yeah, do you want to go out?
Okay
Let's go to, oh, you're just listening?
Yeah
Get off the phone
What did you put him on a hold for, Melvin?
I put him on a hold no chance
Let's go to Dearfield, hello
Hello
How you doing?
Okay
What's up?
I got something for you here, Neil
I bet
Put it in a bag
Okay, this is gonna be good now
And you can go home for the rest of the day
Put it in a sack for the four forever
Okay
What is it? It's not a song, is it?
No, it's not a song
I'm not songs already with a stinking song from yesterday
Enough of that
That's not a song
You're Alex will have a couple of tunes today
So I will see, don't tell me you don't hang up
I need the bag of what it is
I can now entertain us
Are you ready?
Okay
Do you expect?
Do you expect?
You are a
You ready?
Okay
Do you expect?
Oh, sir, please, with a time tunnel
Okay, here are other people doing that too, like it's a big innovation
North Miami
Yes, I wanted to talk about
Eddie Wheeler last night
About what?
Eddie Wheeler, the hardest driver
What about him?
You were talking about him, he's the greatest in the world
A trotter, yes, great trot driver
I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you
I said he's wonderful
And what about it?
No, are you sure a camera is not his son now, Neil?
No, it's Eddie Wheeler, there's only one Eddie Wheeler
I know, but his son was up in great wine
The son is not Eddie Wheeler, his son is some other, I don't know what his name is
Jeff or Jim or somebody?
Well, I thought it was, no, I thought it was the same because of what's up, but he's getting more sony
Sir, what is Eddie Wheeler's son have to do with buddy Gilmore?
What are you talking about?
Okay, I'm out of, I'm out
Yeah, you're out of material, all right?
You moron, you idiot
But a nice call
What is this from Craig Ashwood program director, at Joy107
Thanks a little, keep up the good word, what is that? I don't get it, what does that mean?
What does that mean?
Craig?
Oh, God, that's it, that's the memory of our facts that we got today after I gave out the fact number before, what does that tell you?
Hollywood
Would I speak?
Fort Lauderdale, hello
Hello
What?
Hello
Yeah
Is it Neil Rogers?
No
Who is it?
Do you want to speak to Neil?
Please
What do you want to talk about?
I don't know, I want to find out why they're having this music thing out today
What music?
About everybody's calling up and seeing Storm
You want to sing one?
No
Good, let's go to Ohio, Leah
Neil
Yeah
You don't want to miss our picnic?
There's going to be lots of wood
Let's go to Boca, hello
And they called it
Sunrise
Sunrise, you're smiling, man
North Miami, hello
Don't answer any more Melvin, just leave him alone, hello
Great, good
Dave
Damn it, Jerk, a more undue bag
Excellent, honesty sir will cleanse the soul
Dave County, hello
Neil
Yeah
We're going to have lots of
W-I-O-D, hello
Billy, my head is spinning
Oh boy, we have to get some other paint in the ash collar on too, hello
Hello
W-I-O-D
Play me some
W-I-O-D
W-I-O-D
Hello
Yes, I speak Leo players
No chance, W-I-O-D
W-I-O-D
W-I-O-D
And to Jerk's house
W-I-O-D
Hello
He's having all day, he's a friend in every way
W-I-O-D
Lots of leanies
W-I-O-D
That's the one right there, okay?
That's the one we want
Now let's see if the word
It works
He's still on there
Okay, well you'll have to hang up pretty soon
No, it's not the one, it's the one
No, this is another one
No, it's not
Yes it is
Well, what do you mean it works?
It's not working
How the hell did you get on there?
How could you possibly get on?
Well, I'm going to tell you something
When I get off of here I'm going to take a sash cord
And rip it around Nick's neck
Wrangle him to a beat him to a pulp with a 2x4
And then go into Boy Gary and do the same
Just repeat it
Because practice makes perfect
Yes sir, welcome to W-I-O-D
Are you still there?
Yes, talking to you
Yeah, good
I'm exerting all of this energy just for you
Oh, well I don't have any
And I don't have a wife and I'm going to take a bike
Okay, good call, thank you so much
Boca
What's happening?
I don't know
Neil, you told me to give this guy
Alex's dinner a couple weeks
I don't want to talk about Alex's dinner
Okay, if you don't like his show do something else in the afternoon
Okay?
