New shock radio 610 WIOD presents Neil Rogers.
To get in touch and talk, call 751 WIOD in day.
524 WIOD in broder.
Or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach.
Other areas may call collect.
The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on New shock radio 610 WIOD.
I'm a Cubsan and a Batman and I trust you are too.
Bind which date?
Number 8.
Learning how to talk to the phone company.
Listen and repeat.
Telephone operator.
Hello and thank you for using AP and T. How may I help you?
Repeat.
Hello and thank you for using AP and T. How may I help you?
Customer. Hello.
I have a problem with my phone bill. Telephone operator.
If you're calling someone named Bill, I'll need the last name please.
Customer. No. I don't want to phone a person named Bill.
I have a problem with my phone bill.
If you have a problem with Bill and don't want to phone him, perhaps you could write him a letter.
No, you don't understand. You see you overcharged me again on my bill.
My name is not Bill but if you have a problem with your phone, I can connect you with customer service.
I don't want to talk to customer service. I don't want to talk to anyone named Bill.
I just want to talk to someone about my bill you sent me. This bill is wrong.
It's got my name on it. Don't you understand? This is about my bill.
Oh, you are Bill?
Yeah, that's it.
Hello Bill and thank you for using AT&T.
May I help you?
No, no, no, no, no.
Now turn this record over for language tape number nine.
Arranging for cable installation.
Boom.
Be a nicked.
Lock it in.
There's a lot of stuff. There's a lot of print here.
Anyway, a Melvin's out sick again today. What a shame. It's a 1007 at W-W-W.
It's a Roger's here and Nick's hanging around and we'll get some people off the street to take care of things.
And how about those Cubs? I probably won't hear from too many Metz fans today.
How about those Cubs kicked a little last last night?
Little lead and came back. I like that Alejandro Peno. He's my favorite.
Roger picks him up real quick. What was that? Was that a crank?
Oh, oh.
Oh, there's somebody there. Yes. Hello.
Oh, yeah. Oh, you're there. How you doing?
Okay, hold on.
I'll see. Roger's too fast for me. He beats me to the punch on this. Chris, he's paying attention.
Anyway, W-W-Y-O-D, we've got to look like a contest. You can pick him up faster.
Yes, sir. Man, on the side of it. Hold on. W-W-Y-O-D.
Okay. Anyway, Cubs beat the Metz 8 to 5 in case you missed it.
I don't want to dwell on that because we get to met people very upset.
We got a big thing coming up tomorrow at specs. In fact, little Laura's in here right now.
Writing 4,000 pieces of copy and getting everything straight.
Now, we got all kinds of stuff done here tomorrow. We're giving away CDs and we're giving away a TCB-Y yogurt and
paints a lot. So come on and pick out tomorrow. Have a good time. Maybe Melvin will be sick tomorrow too.
He's probably packing to go to Buffalo, I-O-D.
Okay. W-Y-O-D.
Hi. Can I get on the air? Sure. Hold on.
See, you're not fooling me. Those of you hanging up real quick. Those are the ones that want to see if Nick is in the other room
because they want to place an order because they heard Melvin was sick today. Look at that phone. W-Y-O-D.
Do I hang up on you? Are you there? Oh. Oh, that's good. Hold on.
Okay. Nine minutes after 10 at W-Y-O-D. I had a lot of stuff to do here, but I do this every day.
In fact, I got a lot of old stuff that I wanted to play today. That I haven't played in, well, some of it in a long time.
Cards. Because I think that bugs me. Are you listening? Yes, sir.
You're just there to listen? Well, I wanted to hear your monologue to see what kind of substance or topics you might, uh...
I got a substance for you, sir. I'm sure you do.
What do you mean what kind of substance? Well, you think we're doing it? You think we're doing four hours on Nick Navarro again today?
I hope so. He's got more publicity than Madonna at this point. It's getting pretty ridiculous. Screw him. It is.
Don't be a Nickhead, sir. Just remember that.
Don't be a fascist right-wing pig. Slime ball on the Geraldo show.
I mean, I hope he and Geraldo run off into a loop together. You know what? They make a perfect pair. Where are you?
I'm north. Way north. Well, like where? Give me an idea. Close to your anus?
Really? Jupiter. You're in Jupiter? Yes, sir. Well, I'll be damned. Are you going to hold on a minute? Uh-huh. For what?
Oh, you want to hear the monologue? Yeah. Okay. Well, maybe I can be like...
Alice, Rantella. Do a big monologue about things that are not good and those comedy picot-fashies, douchebags.
How's that, Alan? Hold on a second. I don't want to pick on Alice. He had the John McDougal on this morning.
I'm punching all around now because I'm having fun coming to work. I punched up QA M turns out that J. Michael says Larry and J.
He's again. He's out there today. He had to go home yesterday at nine. J's a good guy. I don't wish him any yield.
But I think that the heavens are trying to tell you something, Jay, about that job at QA.
I also found out some amazing stuff about people who wanted to go to work there and turn the job down.
And then they came back and they changed their mind and they wanted the job. And they already gave it to somebody else, including a Johnny dark
who may be lurking. Is he lurking here today? Next door he is. He's lurking.
We've had a little sum of conference about him and we've all decided the verdict is unanimous.
Johnny, he isn't hang out. He lurks. He lurks in the hallway and he lurks outside the doorways and outside the offices.
So if there are any young ladies in the building or even old ladies in the building, I wouldn't go into Brunel positive.
He's lurking out in the hallway for a second. Okay. Very bizarre, strange. And I know he's listening right now.
You're okay, John, but strange. You lurk.
Let's see. What is it? Karen? Karen? Yes, that's me.
How are you doing, Karen? Fine. How are you? Good. You mind if I do a little spot? Go ahead.
And then I'll come right back to Karen. Thank you very much. You sound very excited.
Okay.
Enthusiastic. Would that be a better word?
Enthusiastic is a lovely word. One of my favorites.
Okay. Hold on a second. Please.
It's so we'll come back to Karen. We'll get to everybody because for some reason, man, the phones are going nuts.
Nick is on the board today. So boy, don't try and screw around. Okay. Because he might actually pay a little bit of attention.
So Karen? Yes, Neil. What's going on? Not a lot. How are you today? Okay. That's great. Great.
Great. I wonder if I could say hello to my boyfriend who listens to you since today is my day off. Sure.
I just want to say hello. A pookie pie. I miss you. A pookie pie? Oh, Karen. You know, it's just no good work. I'm stunned, you know?
Oh. You wanted me to call him a douchebag, but I could do it. No. You call him whatever you want, but pookie pie?
Yeah. Sweet, isn't it? Yeah. Real sweet. Yeah. Cold as he bought 12.
It depends on my day. It is. Yeah. I believe it. No, he's 26. Going on 12. No, 13, 14.
Oh, that's not too bad. Yeah. Yeah. Like pre-adolescent. Some ways. Some ways. Yeah. I know the type. Yeah. Well, you have a great day. Thanks a lot.
Okay. Karen. Great. All right. See you. And don't ever call us again with pookie pie. I thought that was going to be a tremendous call.
No, Karen. Don't take it personally. You're okay, but silly person. 1016 at WIOD. There's a WIOD.
Yeah. How are you? Okay. How's your day? Great. So far right up to this moment.
What do you mean by that? I don't know. I say it like right. I can only judge it based on what's happened so far.
Did you hear Stan last night? No. That's why the day has been so good. I was watching the Cubs in the Metzer.
Stan kind of ripped your new ass last night. Oh, did he really? Well, he said something about his ratings were so good
that yours are so bad that you didn't get your bonus this year or something. His ratings were so good.
That's right. It's not worth. He wouldn't have if he was on either before you or after you.
No, he wasn't ripping me. He was ripping Alex. Okay. And the fact is that Stan's had nothing to do with it one way or the other.
Okay. The whole station was down, but Stan, every time the numbers come out, Stan lives in a dream world.
And he has this facility of taking and twisting and manipulating to make it seem like he's really kicking serious butt.
And if that makes him feel better, that's great. But you know what? I got a big check comes in every Thursday. Okay.
Well, he said you lost your bonus this year and that if he'd been on it.
First of all, it wasn't this year, sir. You're misquoting every quarter. I have a potential bonus because the book comes out four times a year.
So it wasn't this year and Stan get a life. Okay. Find something. Did he have Paul Harvey Jr. on with him? Was that for real?
Well, he had to got it to like a chronic because you're all Harvey. Oh, geez. Who is that guy anyway? Chronic.
He is a real chronic. He has no life. And they had to put his wife on the radio last night to, you know, show up Stan show.
Who's wife? Paul Harvey Jr. Paul Harvey Jr. Yeah. Great. Well, I'm sure sorry that I watched that Cubs Metz game. You know, that exciting game that the Cubs did win eight to five.
I just mentioned in passing, but Stan was kind of telling everybody he's the greatest.
Well, that's good. Okay. And maybe someday he'll get a job. Okay. Thank you. 1018 at W. I. O. D. See, that's just a troublemaker there.
Just an asshole troublemaker because Stan's my buddy and he wouldn't say any of that crap unless he was on the air. Miami.
All right. Neil a coast spy report. Yeah, first about that Howard Johnson. He's doing it. He is really doing it. In fact, he struck out in 33 flavors last night.
And I noticed Harry's called him whole hole Johnson. Now instead of hold you, we got hole hole.
That is a lot of pressure there. Yeah, there was a lot of pressure. I was nervous when we blew the lead because we should have had about 10 runs off Ayola who really stunk the place our last night.
And then Maddox got here. He retired 15 or 16 men in a row. And then all of a sudden in the seventh inning like he had a bumper sticker on his car that said I lost it.
All right. Hit me. Yeah. And they did. I was pressure in the ninth inning. Once Alejandro Pena came into the game. I knew things could only look up. And boy, how about that Sandberg and Grace and Dawson and they're just all.
And I will say this. You're on Walton and bother me this year because he and Dwight Smith have been doing stupid things on a basis and stupid things in the field.
And he and Salazar let that pop fly by strawberry drop. A lot of people look into box. We got a double last night. It was a you and I could have caught that ball.
And they looked at each other and let it drop and the cost to run in the eighth inning. But then in the bottom of the same inning.
He scored from first on a single because Jeffries was kind of like hot dog and looking the other way and he's going to make it up. That was a great play. That was exciting.
We don't want to rub it in. That was a great game. We're going to go next hour. Close demographics. Next door to me. Are they lurking next door?
When they told her there they they listen to country music. And when the parents are there, it's no speak it English. So this morning I'm listening over there and I hear Lionel Richie. Yeah.
And I thought to myself and sure enough, they have switched from the no speak English and key up to coast. All right. Host is kicking ass. What demographic. They're lurking good. I mean looking good.
All right. We'll see you tomorrow. I'll be there with bells on and a food will be there to I'll be there with my mark race uniform.
And did I wear my meds? Howard Johnson's t-shirt. Please. Okay.
Okay. Twenty after ten and W. I. Don't forget. Come on out tomorrow. We're going to have a big crowd. I have no idea what we're going to do. Well, I have a good time.
Maybe Marvin will be sick again tomorrow. Is that a possibility? Anyway, we have an opening in Dade County. If you move real fast at 751 fascist W. I. O. D. Hello.
Sheriff Nick. Okay. Hold on. Anyway, we want to tell you about the whole thing tomorrow. And of course, specs, music and video announces the grand opening of their newest location.
One 19 21 South Dixie highway in Sunnyland. Specs for years has been the place for music. And now I would be what do you want me so far?
Hold on. And now they're the place for great videos with titles like Sea of Love. Al Pacino makes his triumph and screen return in the years top thrillers.
Sea of love. It's not that good. By the way, now on video cassette and available at specs with thousands of good movies too.
As an overworked New York City cop investigating a bizarre series of murders, Al Pacino falls in love with Ellen Bark in his beautiful prime suspect.
And it takes him like seems like hours to figure it all out. Co-starring John Goodman, Sea of Love rated R and available now on video cassette from M. C. A. Home video at specs.
And don't forget food from pizza loft tomorrow. Free yogurt from TCB. Why the country's best frozen yogurt and the free CDs every quarter hour, courtesy of specs and also a chance for you to register, register to win that.
$4,500 satellite TV system courtesy of the dish doctors registration starts tomorrow. So come on out and it's specs the new specs music and video story in Signing Land.
We'll see you there tomorrow from 10 till 2.
I'll get the season.
I'll be by your feet.
Don't be a naked.
Lock it in. That would be better if they said lock it up.
1024 at W. I. D. And I wonder if Melbourne's going to show up at the remote tomorrow. He is bad news. He did not the same anymore since he got that big job offer in Buffalo and I started to get cranky for a lot of deal.
Says this is about Stan. It's the only reason I punched it up in there mumbling in the back. You think they learned to mumble from Stan? Okay, we'll come back for that. Coral Springs. Hello. Yeah.
Yeah, no, this is I get I called you Memorial Day. It's who? Garry? Oh, Gary. Yeah, I called you with that crank from continental. Remember that? No. Well, I called you. I just gave you a.
Well, I got a mosquito bite in the well, not the worst place. But I got the skit of bites in bad places like I have one on my cheek. I'm serious.
Where's the worst, the most embarrassing place you ever got a mosquito bite? Do you really want to know? Well, I mean, don't say it if it's something we can't put on the air, but I mean, like you mean idea?
You got the idea. I can't put it on the really had a mosquito bite down like in that area. Yeah, well, people kind of look at you while you were scratching like, whoa, what a slob. What a disgusting grotesque.
So you don't need what you're allowed to if you're an athlete, that's okay. Then you put it on the box. I go out on the table.
I'm a former Navy. The people don't expect a lot from me. Okay. Anyhow, I called you up. I gave you this thing. I told you I really, you know, I really did work for continental. Well, about.
See Friday. They played the tape. They taped your show. No, yeah, they played it back to me. Who's that? Who's they? Continental cable. They fired your ass. They fired me for what I said.
I don't believe that. Come on. I am dead serious. Neil. I sort of got I was working. Testing that ever. Best thing that ever happened for you. It's like you anticipated. Now I'm an employee. Good. Well, call up for sure. Nick. You can go on TV shows with them. Go on the tour.
Raldo tomorrow. Sally on Friday and the moon on a Monday. Okay. Yeah, right. No, he's no stopping. You know, would you rather work for a bunch of slime balls or be unemployed?
Well, I could use the money. You know how it is. Yeah, me to say the rank got to pay bill. That's why I keep working. Yeah, right?
Any good any ideas for job opening? No chance times are tough times are tough. Really tough. Oh, well.
Although Nick's looking to go to West Palm Beach. So we'll see if he leaves here and and mouth and looking to go to Buffalo. So we'll see what happens here. Buffalo.
That's for exactly what I heard you could be. Like we follow a lot. That's because Lee you're staying out with Steve.
And there's like a certain camaraderie there. You know, we all know about that. Well, good luck to you found. I'll teach you to call his show again.
Okay. Thanks. Well, I know. There's a very good example that a lot of you morons could learn from that guy. Okay. Call his show. Make a lot of caustic and grow test comments about your employer.
And they can your ass because they're all listening. See everybody listens to W I O D. And yeah, the radio man was ripping you like crazy last night.
Radio man, Mr. Radio. This garbage name is a piece of you. Wait a minute. What show was this on this radio station?
Yeah, the major head. Mr. Ray. I think this allows for investigation. They let him talk for about four, five minutes in Paul, Jr. Whatever his garbage name is.
Was a great. And would him and agree with him about what about you giving him a hard time now. Let him talk and hanging up on him. Yeah, we'll see Paul Harvey, Jr.
And of course, I don't know if you're making a sever. It's more fun to agree with you. Paul Harvey, Jr. believes that all chronic should be allowed because then he's safe. See if we allow all chronic pain and he answers to monopolize all the shows, then he can be on like 20 times a day.
Well, I'm not making an up. I'm telling you. Well, I think we need to have several of these calls. Probably at all 10 people who listen to us. Nice to call in. I'm disappointed to stand was letting them talk. I thought Stan was my pal.
I think maybe Stan is full of crap. Is that what it's all about? That guy really. He used to kiss your butt all the time and all of a sudden now. Yeah, because I won't put him on the air every five minutes.
Let me tell you something. Even the most casual listener can testify to this. Any of the chronic's there. Your pal, they love you. They think a lot over as soon as you say one time out, you're getting a little chronic. They turn on you like a rat. I can't remember what he was saying, but I know he had a lot of negative things.
Yeah, right. I'm serious. Well, I'm good. I'm glad to know that now that Stan's going to be doing my vacation with Randy Martin. That's interesting to know after I go to back to the guy. I'm the only one that promotes. He's on the air once every 10 days.
They should have they should have come on here and continues with the cheap shots. I stand. They should have. No, I didn't give any. Nobody lets a guy go on for four or five minutes. What the hell kind of crap is that? That's the five. Where they that desperate for calls. I don't know, but Paul Harvey Jr.
What is his name? Well, he's history on issue. I'll tell you that I'll tell you well. All right, Neil. You get more calls. I just want to be depressed. Thanks for stirring the pot. All right, but see that's what we like. People that stir up a lot of trouble like that because that's what this town's all about. I know I'm being a little negative, but I want to live up to my billing W I O D. Lock about. Okay, Nicole 1029 at W I O D and I tell you what's not like when Alex Beno was here. I'll tell you that. We actually got some calls. Now, didn't I just
say is that that's not a new one? Is it the one says Ray stand and I just do that? That's a new one? Hello? Yeah, I listen to the Milky Way. I was on the wrong one. I'm sorry. That was my mistake. Oh, that's right. I picked him up cold. Isn't that amazing? Do you want me to hold you? Listen to the forever yours show. Yeah, it was. Hold on a second W I O D. Okay, line checker on four. I mentioned Lee Fowler's name and the phone started ringing hang out mysteriously just to coincidence. Right? Yes, sir. Absolutely.
The Milky Way dark show last time. I'm a second W I O D. Yeah, there is again. Oh, you know who that is. That's Mr. Radio. He cranks us all the time now because we won't put him on the air. Do you want to put me on hold again? No, go ahead. Milky Way dark show. Yes. Forever yours. Yes. Yeah, they ripped. They ripped you all night. Neil. All night not staying. Stand. Well, what do you mean? You're not staying? You just sat there and let it go on all night? Yeah, you did. I don't understand. And you are a slime ball. Okay? He hasn't been on your board. One of those big stogies. Who's the
only guy in this town that puts him on the air that keeps promoting a show that pretends that there's something there. And this guy comes on. He sits back and just has no show. So on the rare opportunities that he gets on here. Like the last time he was on a Sunday, I think, when the DJ was in here and I go to the store. I turn on the radio. There's I O D on. Here's the DJ ripping a crap out of me instead. Oh, he's what was it. We're not cranky. What was the word he was using? He's suggested something like that. Yeah, well, I wasn't after I heard the call.
In closing, me so horny. Really? Okay. By the way, we're playing the the cleanup version. So don't anybody get panicking. Okay, because Sheriff Nickel coming to take our license away. We have two openings in
the fall hurry. You'll be happy about that. Let's go to Miami. Hello. No, $4.00. Well, see, this is good. I like this. Get a good controversy going here. That's what it's all about.
Standard not. We're if you last night. Well, that's not what they said. We didn't say he ripped me. They sent him allowed others to sit back for three solid hours and ripped me an
ad. That's for that. I listen to the whole thing and they did not. Well, listen, that's two to one so far. You're still in the minority. Well, no, I get more votes in that. What do you mean you get more votes? Well, I'm in
sat-date. I'm in homestead. Well, you get like a half a vote. No, I should get four votes for that. Well, everybody at work is
ready. You get like the sympathy vote for living down there. Listen, our photographer is going to come up to
specs. I mean, where are you going to go? I'm telling you one thing down at homestead crackers. They're not something to eat with your
chowder. I'll tell you that. What is it? Our photographer is going to take pictures of you on set. What do you mean our photographer? I work for a newspaper in homestead.
You mean I'm going to be in a homestead paper? You're going to be on a phone with me. I'll be on this famous. You sheriff. Nic, how do you like that? We're going to
think you want a whole page. All right. God first it's the Jewish journal and then it's the homestead ledger. No, that they'd
newsletter. Well, whatever. Oh, I know that one. Yeah. We do. Come on Easter, come on Easter, come on Easter. No, no, no, no. If it all those
comies, some verisive pinkos like me on the front page, I know. Now we're going to picture on a whole page. That is a
top and o' paper. Yeah, the spotlight. Yeah, they read that a lot down in homestead. Yes, yes, yes, 1213,000.
Without a Washington, this from the John Birch Society. It's all those fascist things. Probably sheriff Nic has a double
subscription. Oh my God. I think he's calling right now on the other line. He wants a copy of it. Wouldn't surprise me. Well, you
won't see him around here anymore. He's off to be a big star now. Who is who I'm going to be on the radio with? I mean, on
the road. Oh, sure. They're all going to take a show on the road. Okay. Just all a big farce if they would just keep it on
the road. That would be fine. I tell you, for guys who have absolutely no talent. I mean, this, these people between
governor Bob and this do do bag up there in brown, they're going to make them about $50 million. They're
well done. Made them rich. They could even make bail the other day. It was amazing. They would have been belly
up by now. Right. They have the mouse. Right. Or belly down one of the other. Well, thanks for us
during the kettle a little bit more. Okay. Stan was fine last night. He was fun last night. Well, you had a little
credibility up to that point. But when you said that, now I think that's highly online. Okay. We'll check it out. The
other six people will be calling in. Bye. Bye. See you. Bye. Bye. Y'all come back now. We have an opening and
date one in Palm Beach 751. See, we shouldn't get into a big thing about Stan Show last night because they're just
one of that main people listening W I O D. Neil, yes sir. He was ripping you talking about the spring
numbers of 87. Oh, he bringing back his old numbers again. Oh, yeah. Well, you know, I used to have
it. I ain't sure too, but that isn't going to do me any good. Now I mean, that's living in the past.
And he, what is he going to stop doing it? I mean, he's getting his neurotic as a guy in the weekend.
I can't remember his name anymore. That old guy that we have on that old old H. You guys. Oh,
geez. Bring 87 numbers. What numbers? What does that mean? It's spring 87 numbers. Where did we?
He got fired when you went on vacation? That would have means. So what does that mean? I had a nine
share. He had a five. So what the hell is he knocking me for? Yeah, but I have to. He inherited all my
carts, my whole act, the ACN stuff that he used to have it. What is he all upset about? And what the
hell is he talking about? Oh, you know, it is. I know what P.H. J. What is it? Going on with P.H.
Yeah, and I can't believe Paul Harvig Jr. What a turn coat slime ball. I'm the only one that's
defended him. Everybody else thinks he's chronic and a pain in the ass and a pest. And I've defended
him because I feel sorry for people with the pasty complexions, but nobody can go
like he you're right. Nobody does it better. You're right. That is so annoying. He's history on
his show. He's history on his show pal. He'll be calling. He's on the line somewhere.
So let me get it down. Yeah, get a life. He doesn't even have a job anymore, does he?
Maybe the guy from Cundin on him can start a business. There you go.
Cronik, go America. Cronik pest control. Have a great day, Paul.
W-Y-O-D. Oh, Neil, I was right. What was that sound? He sounded almost like Johnny Dark Jr. there.
It was like kind of like a little cousin, Brucey and drag. You said you're going to hold on. I said
what? You were upset. You said that you're viola would kill you. And I said no. I
said hold on a second. We want to do a little break and I will come back and we'll glow to
about it. We'll get tired and tired. You see, no, you see, I have a different philosophy now.
That is if you go and expecting the least and you come away with a win, it's so much better. You
know when you expect nothing, but if you expect the win and you lose, then you're real depressed.
So I start each day expecting, wow, it's going to be bad again. And then all of a sudden, man,
Sandberg hits that. I've never seen anybody hit so many home runs in the first inning. I mean,
he's just unconscious. There's only going to be one problem. What's that? Pires in the cubs.
And Montréal have to look out for the Canadian. Yeah, I forget them. They choke like crazy.
Oh, they choke like crazy. Let's hope they're hot right now. And then by August, like they
are not a cold. When notty, Susie catches a cold. She sneezes real life. Not just like real babies,
but that's not all that's notty. Susie will do put her over your shoulder and pat her back and she
burps real baby birds. But be careful because she also sticks up. Notty Susie. I love you,
Daddy Susie. Notty Susie. She's so separately. You're going to see what else she does.
1040 at W.I.O.D. Now you'll wait a second, won't you? Yeah. Okay, because we have a very impatient
lady here. Channel 4's spire for it. Are you impatient? No. Okay. What is it?
Bryant Norcross is coming to 4. Yeah, I know. This applied with lots of helium.
He's been coming to 4 for a long time, but he had to wait for his non-compete from Channel 10
to run out or whatever it was. Oh, okay. I thought that was something new. And also, what happened?
It was because you know how he used to do the weather from all these different places like at the
racetrack. And he did the weather on Channel 10 one time from a tall building. I think it was
100 biscayne. Are you listening? Uh-huh. 100 biscayne tower and he like took off. And it's taken
all this time for them to get a hold of him again. He was out there like floating out in the space.
Maybe he should have had good air on his side. What is it? Yeah, right. He could do a little
standing. He's a good guy like him. He's got a good sense of humor. We're a great voice. Uh-huh.
Right? Okay. Bye-bye. See ya. Okay. Boy, that was quick. You would like a lurking, right, sir?
Yeah, if I like to be a sidekick. All right. Come on. Let's get back to the...
5 or 4th of jr. Come on. Let's get back to the... Oh, they got that filthy Levi spot on again, man.
Boy, if uh- what's his name was in town? If Sheriff Nickhead was in town, he'd be really
foaming it. They knew they got this filthy Levi spot. Let's ban NTV. Okay, that'll be next.
That's the next campaign. Let's get that filth off our T. We sets. Okay.
You know, I like to share it. All right. Let's ban Haraldor right after the show. They have the
show with the Nick that comes on. Okay. Then we can ban the show after he... You saw it and
manipulates it on his way to start him to being a stupid star. It says keep your fly button.
I'm sorry. These provocative spots. So let's go back to the Cubs, eh?
Yeah. Back to the Cubs, eh? What happened to Greg Maddox there? Many of them. Rocky first in
England and then he settled down and got a list of them. Well, pie was out unconscious for five
innings and then the seventh thing just when Harry came back, all the sudden Maddox lost it.
inexplicable. It could be. It was. Yeah. Let's go get some stock and tell Sheriff Nick that it's
obscene. Then it'll drive the fight to the roof for the lobby. Rich.
Yeah. That's great. That's great. I think Sheriff Nick is obscene. Okay. I think town is obscene.
Yeah. We're becoming the Neanderthal Capital. So you used to be the drug capital that were.
Then I got past say that wasn't exciting enough. So now between Bob Cox, Governor Bob and Sheriff.
Good. Now we want to be the Neanderthal Capital of the world. Yeah. Yes.
Well, listen, it sounds like you're out of material. I think you just so you foric today.
You didn't know whether the scream or either. I'm for glory. Didn't lose for straight. Yes, sir. Hey,
listen, we got out the now that we got by all. I mean, we needed to lose the game, but we still,
you know, beat them in a game he pitched in. Now the possibilities are amazing and harkees coming
back into second game tomorrow. God only knows. Even the beach boys are singing right now. I can hear it.
I don't know. We don't get rid of Kipper. Creamer and Kipper. I had to get rid of the K boys. Yeah.
Good luck to you. Got rid of one, but look at Kipper comes in. What do you mean we?
Oh, now he now all the sudden he's a pirate. I'm a pirate guy. Oh, you're the pirate guy.
Oh, you didn't see that game though, huh? I couldn't find it. I don't have a clue. They blew a six.
They blew a six to one lead and then it was seven to seven and they pulled it out eight to seven.
Had it six nothing leads. Really? The top of the end. Yeah, I'm sitting there. Oh my God.
Well, it's going to be a long year. In fact, you know, I joked yesterday that Chuck Meyer was going
to be out sick because the pirates had such a bad weekend. Sure enough, he wasn't here yesterday.
He fell off today. I don't know. He's not here yet. He's looking at the wounds, I think.
They went it till the lead. Yeah. Well, listen, good luck, you sir. Okay. You'll need it. Okay. 1044 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward 524 Chuck WIOD. I didn't catch most of the stands show you
yesterday because oh my God. It's the nasal tones of rich packed your lady in parliament.
Quite the very end and the only negative river. Can I ask you a question?
What do you want? How come you didn't invent snotty Suzy? Because I have a feeling with your nasal
condition, you can wait a million. You could retire. Please. The very end, he was saying something
about that you don't talk about the ratings since the trends are down, but that was all I heard.
That's a lot of crap. We talk about the ratings every time they come out. Well, that was the only
thing I heard, but I was watching the Cubs game. I don't have time for stand and what to say.
Well, who the hell does forget it? Yeah. In fact, it was funny because Stan called me about two
minutes after eight. I had just started my VCR. The tape was rolling. I'm watching the pregame
five minutes there when a hairy is in coherent. Yep. And he's like, tell me about the big storm he
drove through to get to work. And I was like, it was lightning and thunder by me for a few minutes
and that stopped. And that was it. And I think he was trying to remind me that he was going to be on.
Like I'm going to turn off the cup game and turn that on. Too bad about that. I'm blessed.
Wow. He really got it. Took a fastball right on the, he didn't get any broken bones.
No, he was okay, but that's the guy that called the home run fair.
No. Yeah. That was the guy that called it fair when when the stats said it was a foul ball.
He's the guy that called his foul originally. No, no, no, it's not to say you're wrong. It's not
even, yeah, see I get sucked into that. It's not the same crew. I think you're mistaken. Yeah.
No, I'm not mistaken. Windall State is not in this crew, sir. It was not the same umpire.
Okay, sir. Trust me. I'll bet you a lot of money on that one. They don't change the crews around.
Okay. Um, no, true to life crew. Exactly. Did you see who was on Nightland last night?
I don't watch that crap. I know who was. Okay. The newest superstar. Okay. Okay. Go up.
We'll get him a dark wig and send him to Hollywood. Okay. Yep. Yep. Yep.
So I was in Nashville the other day. I saw your friend flat. Who?
Flat from WKDF. He's called you a few turns. Flat. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Another nearly in Nashville.
Even as soon as he saw me, he asked me if I had any tapes for him. I bet he didn't. I swear to God.
Say goodbye. Goodbye. 1046 at WIOD.
You watch that Paul Harvey slime ball. Did he call you? Uh, did you try to get through here yet?
You watch you won't hear from me. He'll be in hiding now for weeks.
He won't show his pasty face. It's specced tomorrow. You're in. You can go to the bank on that WIOD.
That's Joey's fire report. Yeah. Yeah. You know, uh, you got a good phone there too, sir.
Well, it's better now. Sounded like you were making uh, sorry about gutter old sound.
A mess in a car there while you were doing your phone call. Yeah, go ahead.
I can do two things at once. Yeah. So, uh, Joey Pinto lives right down the street from me. Yeah.
You know that? Joey Reynolds is like, he lives in plantation. I know. So what about it?
Well, he called me out of goofballs. I know. I called him and I said, is your last name?
Pinto. He said, no, it's Reynolds. No, it's not. I know. Pinto. I mean, is he lie about that too?
First he lies about his age. Like now he learned about his name and then he, uh, you know,
then he's got that slime bag at agency guy and with him too every week. But I don't want to
discuss him. He's a way they are slime bags both of them built. The end is the worst bill.
Marshall. Yeah, we don't discuss him on his show. Oh, I'm sorry. Get a new phone. Well, listen, Neil,
in closing, uh, keep it in your pants and let everyone touch it. 1047 at WIOD. We have an opening
and Howard 5249463 5241. Let's go to Ron in a mobile phone. Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Joey Lowe lies about his name. What about your name? What about it?
I'm telling everybody you really? Everybody knows about real name? Okay, brain surgeon.
Okay, what is it? Go ahead, sir. Hello, Neil. We can't even pronounce when a
hell for Ron the air sir. Okay, so quit screwing around. All right, couple weeks.
That call came from Joey's house by the way. WIOD. Oh, it's him far. Okay, better hurry it up.
Sir, it's him far. Okay, I want to talk about KU being Neil. No, no, no, no, no. I don't want
to talk about KU being Neil. Well, I have something that you would love. All right, now let's
just listen to this. I don't think you got anything that I will. Well, I'm trying to be serious
with you for a minute. I don't want to talk about KU being a foreign. They just came out with
something on a 30 inch dish that's going to get digital reception. Okay, and you're going to
be able to talk to them. But we already talked about this. We had a guy from go ahead. I understand,
but now they have nice say that something on there now that you're going to be able to turn
his channel on and be able to get the odds on any horse race and any track in the country and
be able to punch in a button and be able to be able to be able to look at a horse race to
bet on one one nine hundred VRO K E one nine hundred broke. Well, anyhow, the whole unit's only
going to sell 100. What is it? The whole unit is going to sell for 300 bucks,
being eight of an inch thick and it will be able to attach to any type of let's say sliding glass
doors, windows or whatever. I know we've already talked about this. I'll call the guy in the year.
I'll let him in with a man. I'm going to. We did a whole thing. I mean, it is out. They've
already got it. Uh-huh. Did he tell you he's producing them? I don't mean the company name. I mean,
the type of equipment that is being produced. No. Okay. Am I allowed to mention an overseas name?
I don't care. It's called hammock communications. Have you ever heard of them? No. Well,
it's going to be called the gaming network for all the gamblers and you're going to be able to
bet football, baseball, basketball, soccer, look at horse. What do you mean bet football,
baseball, basketball? How the hell can you do that? It's not legal. Oh, it is legal because it's
coming. Just going to be being through overseas. Oh, wait a minute. The solo flex spot just came on
MTV. I don't have time for this. Okay. See you. 10 to 11. Why don't? This is a lot more important
than that crap. Okay. First of all, we have an up to January gamblers around here already with
me and Hank Goldberg. We don't need other people touting illegal gambling through the satellite.
Okay. Through the airwaves. Call up Sheriff Nick. Let him know what's going on. Get him back in town.
We've got another provocative situation for him to handle, right? W-I-O-D. Okay. That's talking
you, Lee. Lee's doing a warm up now to go on the year today. I want to tell you that this Saturday
we're going to be doing another big thing along with Rick and the stud down at Benson's camera
and video in South-Dade. We're going to do a little remote noon to three. We're not going to be doing
the show there. We'll do some call-ins and to do our thing and sign some autographs and just make
general fools of ourselves. This Saturday, June 16th, noon to three at the South-Dade location
at six blocks south of the falls on South-Dixie Highway. Just look for the big yellow tent.
$10,000 in prizes will be given away. There's nothing to buy. At Benson's camera and video, Florida's
number one photographic discount store. And if you're a real photo enthusiast, here's your chance to
deal direct, get incredible deals right with the manufacturers from Sony, Nikon, Pentax, Canon,
Monota and lots, lots more. Pentax factory reps will be at Benson's annual 10-Sale blowout,
demonstrating the entire IQ Zoom family with five models to choose from starting at just
$129. So go out, pick out a Pentax and zoom your way to perfect pick.
1054 at W-I-O-D. We have an opening in Dade. Did they say sitting at home watching our
cine-o-haul? Oh, that should be grand. I think Nikon may have a good idea. 751 W-I-O-D, let's go to
Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. How are you? Okay. I think Paul Harvey will call in today.
Slimeball. My money's on him. Ultimate Slimeball. I can't believe I was, you know, from my-
I mean, everybody I know just despise his call, I don't know, I'm getting choked up like poison.
And for some reason, because I have a soft spot, I feel sorry for people with pasty
conflections. I just have, you know, not blown them off over the years. And he gets the one
chance to come on his station and he rips me. Well, and stands it's here like some kind of an
impotent child and, you know, and presides over it and savers every moment. Well, I'm disappointed
and stand. Well, I want to hear- now you sound like a reasonable person. We've had four calls about
it, which is a big percentage of the people who must have been listening. And you're number five.
Now, the three guys said that they ripped and stand set and presided over it and savored it
and relished it and loved it. And the one woman, the other woman called, said that they were
awful to crack. Now you say, as Oprah would say, you say what? I say, I'm with the guys, but I
didn't hear the show. But I just could- Well, what do you mean you didn't hear the show?
Listen, listen, listen. Then what the hell are you talking about? I just- I'm just listening to what people-
You must know, well, what's your name? Deborah Wilker from the Sun Central.
No, just no one needs guys' attention. We just make editorial comments about things that you
didn't hear, didn't see, and you're a maven, you're an expert on it, because you just- you jump to
conclusion. That's what you do for exercise. You jump to conclusion. I was just giving my opinion
on what the caller said. So- We're going to have you make a home video like Jane Fonda
is called Jumping to Conclusions. I can't believe you. You didn't hear any of it. No.
And you just want to jump on the bandwagon, or Paul Harvey and Stan. I had to listen to the bandwagon.
I like your style. He is out of control. And I know from where I'm from.
Stan's out of control to bring him in here on the air. I mean, it's bad enough with DJ and EJ and PJ and BJ and JJ,
but I mean, Paul, P-HJ, anybody's got it like a J in their initial is on Stan's show.
He even did that show about JFK. He didn't do any- well, I'm pretty sure he'll be doing a show on LBJ.
That'll be next. Uh-huh. Hey, I like that 90s- you did that that hilarious-
Well, your credibility is pretty limited, so don't get carried away.
Hey, what can I say about my maths, man? They suck this here, huh?
They sure do. So disappointed. They're doing it.
And hopefully they'll do it again today and twice tomorrow and I get it out of their system.
Well, good luck to you. Okay. We're on our way. Bye.
Bye. 1057 at WYOD. We have an open line of days. 751 Liar. 751 WYOD. Let's go to VOCA.
Go on. Okay. Wait a minute. Was there somebody there?
I knew. Oh, you are there. Hi. How are you doing? Hold on. WYOD.
Oh, no. Hold on. Now, what is it?
Oh, I was at flood truckers last night. Yes. Oh.
Is this gonna be something I'm gonna have to bleep out? Oh, never, but-
But the thousand-
It sounds pretty- uh-
It sounds pretty meaty to me. Oh, they have great weenies there.
But anyway, they don't have weenies at flood records. I'm sorry.
Monday nights is the best time to go. All the boys are there, if you know what I'm saying.
Now I don't. The boys from Bangkok.
So sick. You really are your sick person. You do understand that. Are you in therapy?
Well, yeah. I'm really-
I'm really-
How about group therapy? Yeah, that's what I'm afraid of. Now, what is it, sir?
Yeah, and I heard part of you last night, sir.
All right. Here, now, this sounds like a reasonable call. Even Nick agrees. Don't you sound
fairly, really, Nick said you are. You're so far. You haven't said much.
Now, you heard about five minutes of-
Well, it's more than that lady that called me for. Miss jumping to conclusions.
But I heard some- I guess that chronic guy was on there. He was talking about
how he was here, such a bad guy, and then I heard-
Wait a minute. I'm such a bad guy. Yeah.
Paul Harvey Jr said I'm such a bad guy.
More or less, yeah. For what? For putting him on the ear. He's right about that.
Well, I just caught the-
I can fess it. I caught the tail end of his comments,
and then Stan went to the big thing about his numbers,
and then these bring of 87, whatever it was.
Ah, Stan, you know, see, Stan is his own worst enemy.
The audience despises this crap where he keeps-
I've told him that some million times off the ear.
Nobody wants to hear him go back and try to rehash about how he-
I do it all. They want to hear a show. They don't want to hear about how he used to be good.
He used to have numbers-
Do he show? Stop talking about like, you know,
once upon a time, he used to have talent. Forget it.
Nobody cares about that.
But I only heard about four or five minutes.
That's like the same guy with-
From Buffalo comes on and talks about he used to have a 50-share in Buffalo
when he was only one station. Who cares?
What's 100 years ago?
Well, I only heard a couple of minutes and he did go through the whole thing
about his numbers, and I caught the tail end of some guy.
The chronic guy, whatever, talking about-
You're not nice and more word-to-last.
Oh.
But, uh, wow.
All right, Neil.
You know something?
What?
Hepatitis has, you know, has a habit of affecting your brain if it goes untreated.
Excuse me?
I say have a nice day.
Okay.
Okay. Well, I'm glad we got to the bottom of that.
Speaking of hepatitis, uh, well, you can't get-
I don't think it's hepatitis.
You get cirrhosis of the liver.
Isn't that what you get from too much drinking?
A Henry Barrow standing by with the 11 o'clock W-I-O-D news,
just a coincidence, W-I-O-D.
Huh!
Okay, hold on.
We're here.
Friday nights.
There are two Miami cops with a hot new beat.
They're on the streets fighting crime.
Love pal, we just don't do strip searches for Jaywalking.
Here's King Westby.
We got a problem.
The movie's getting you back and down.
Lieutenant, in that the group of hairdressers who attack people on the beach,
hold them down and then set their hair.
Yeah, get back in town.
Let's go get them.
Damn, that's nothing to clean up this dream.
All the folks I'm sorry for skipping in the most skipping zones.
I hope you guys don't get on with me.
Just take a seat.
Now, gladly, a chair, a chair.
Yes, King Westby.
All right, thank you.
Take back an eye.
Save your heart, I'm not a first pocket.
Oh, sorry.
Just look.
Like here's your good one.
If Miami cops on a hot new beat, in Key Westby,
Friday night, tonight on MBC.
Okay, it's 11 o'clock at WIOD.
Let's go to the phones again because they're just falling all over themselves.
It's a trouble.
Miami.
Hello.
I like buying cup shirts just so I can burn them.
They make me sick.
Buying what?
Cup shirts.
Oh, yeah.
They make me sick.
They're, why can't they roll over and let them and let it be?
You're missing.
You're missing one point, though, sir.
You have to put it on before you set the fire.
Let's go to Davy.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing, sir?
All right.
Kate Paso.
Don't they start like a banana?
They blew them to my time.
Leave me souvenirs.
Right.
Okay, just sit around.
That's what Linda Blair said.
What?
Leave me souvenir.
No, they blew them to my time.
Where's your head was spinning around
while she was the puking pea soup all over?
Don't you remember the exercise?
Excuse me?
I say it's your hell of a nice thing.
No, no, no.
I remember that.
Okay, we had a couple of people drop off during the news break
but for some reason the lines didn't disconnect.
What opening?
Hold on a second.
W-I-O-D.
Yeah, like speaking to Neil.
Sure, hold on, sir.
And one and proud.
Five, two, four.
W-I-O-D.
Okay, hold on a second.
What does it have?
Alrighty.
Now I'll...
All right, you won.
Hold on through the news.
Even 45 minutes.
Well, they are great American, sir.
If you have your green card, you're a wonderful guy.
Yeah, yeah, I'm a native.
A native of what?
This town?
Yeah.
Boy, you must be depressed.
We apologize to you, sir,
for coming in and screwing up your life.
We apologize.
I even want the Miramar High one over.
Hold on a second.
W-I-O-D.
Hello?
This is Nick.
Now, after what are you talking about me so much, Maine?
What is it, bro?
You want me to come down to the toilet
and sit down with you and talk about it?
Be...
a...
a...
Nick.
Hey.
Hold on, Nick.
Lock it in.
Hey.
That could be number one by the end of the week.
You do understand that, because all these people act like they just discovered
that we live in a fascist country.
I've been telling that for years
and they, oh, jeez, full of craft.
He's so negative, you know?
Mm-hmm.
I know when they come and they take him and put him away
somewhere in a big, padded cell.
They'll say, oh, jeez, maybe he had a point, you know?
Maybe we should have leased him.
So what is it now?
Yeah, I listen to an hour of Stan Schiller.
All right, let's get right to the meat of the matter,
because this deserves a lot.
I mean, ordinarily, we hear this stuff back and forth.
It's usually a lot of crap.
But it is pretty interesting that certain people are conspicuous
by their absence in this conversation,
which leads me to believe that there was some serious crap going on here last night.
What, tail, you know, homely junior said,
was that you never let him talk to get his point across.
That's why...
I got news for it.
I let him talk more than all the other people on the air,
put together, and I have a guilty conscience about it,
but my conscience now will be clear,
because it will never happen again.
It's why I point.
It is point across.
What point?
I don't know. That's what I was thinking.
Some point.
Like the one on the top of his head.
Yeah.
Like when he goes out on the weekend with the guys with the sheets.
Those sanitation workers are here.
All right, they're my favorite.
Yeah, give them the highest sign.
Tell them they're number one.
Now they're...
They look like members of two-like crew.
Really?
Yeah.
Because they sing.
No, but there's nasty as they want to be.
As fascist as they want to be.
That's the time from the BSO as far as...
As they want to be.
Well, listen, you're obviously out of material,
but you've been a wonderful call.
Oh, thank you, Neil.
See you later.
10 after 11 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward.
524 pig.
524 Nazi.
And we'll do a little break here, I think,
might as well, because...
I'm just another quick reminder
that we're going to be doing the show tomorrow live.
If that's possible, all four hours tended to
with the brand new specs located down in South Day.
That the one-nineteen 21 South Fixie Highway
in the Sunnyland shopping plaza.
And we've got all kinds of stuff to give away.
We're going to be giving food, free food,
from the pizza law free samples of delicious,
incredible, disgustingly sweet,
and fantastic TCMY frozen yogurt,
the best in the world.
And we're going to be giving away CDs every quarter
our courtesy of specs.
And also we'll begin a registration
for some lucky winner out there.
Sometime in the next 30 days to win at $4,500,
satellite TV system courtesy of our friends at...
The dish doctor is okay, so come on out tomorrow.
10 to 2.
And maybe even pasty Paul Harvey Jr.
will show us that we face tomorrow, okay?
And you can beat the crap out of them right there at specs.
Let's go to Palm Beach, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
We have live without delay tomorrow.
What is it?
Live without delay.
Yeah, right.
Sure.
Hey.
Good luck to you.
Listen.
Good luck.
I'm listening.
Okay.
You know, first, it's American Triple Edge.
Now we can't even listen to music.
No, first, it was the FCC finding us in stations all over the country
because Al Sikes and a bunch of other fascist pigs
are sitting up there in Washington,
trying to be the moral dictators for all of America.
That was the first.
Then we started getting into this crap
with the satellite TV in America.
And ecstasy and got to know,
only knows what else has got to go off.
And now we got the guy up in Palm Beach
who wants the 1900 numbers off the air
because it's going to corrupt the morals of our youth.
And we got sure it's, you know,
I'm not going to get excited about it
because you're talking into a vacuum.
Okay.
Nobody in this country gives a crap.
How did that Cuban become sure?
What do you mean?
How did you become sure?
Who's the doctor ballot box?
Well, how many Cubans do we have in Barraquita?
What the hell has it got to do with Cubans?
These are right wing fascist pigs.
We got millions of right wing fascist pigs in Broward.
What do they want to make?
What their ethnic makeup is?
My ancestors are from a communist country.
Now, this is a communist.
I know it.
I knew it.
I knew a subversive call like this
had to come from a communist.
Trace this call, George.
Uh-oh.
Anyway, the point is people need to wake up.
Oh, look, look, we're just here to entertain people
and have a good time.
And I made up, I was in the shower this morning.
I was getting myself just foaming at the mouth.
And I looked just like the billboard picture, you know,
foaming at the mouth,
getting all upset and thinking about this stuff.
And then I thought, I'm not going to come in
and ruin the show and start getting into this.
I did that for 12 years.
It is a waste of time.
OK?
OK, so all the kids away on spring break,
they ruin a fort, lauderdale,
they turn into a geriatric toilet.
Pretty soon it's going to look just like South Beach.
And nobody here gives a crap.
OK, so I'm not going to listen to it.
OK, I can't handle it.
Because you're just spinning call up Alice Rantell.
OK, they get into that stuff.
Beating a dead horse.
Nobody here cares.
OK, nobody cares.
I'm a rock dead of house.
So leave it alone already.
Give it a rest.
Miami.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
OK, I heard you try to calm myself down there.
I heard the first hour of stand-made your last night.
Really?
Yes.
Now, from when I heard the first hour.
You sound very objective.
Yes.
Very sensible.
Paul Harvey Jr.
The first hour didn't really do anything
about talking against you.
But just Mr. Mung who called up,
who revealed, by the way,
that he's one of Paul Harvey Jr.'s closest friends.
Oh, really?
In fact, he photographed it.
Mr. Radio and Paul Harvey Jr.
He's photographing it.
He's photographing it.
He's photographing it.
He's photographing it.
He's photographing it.
Yeah, what does that tell you?
So, apparently, there, you know, pretty buddy buddy.
Well, in that case,
Ph.J. is off the show forever.
In that case, he's a jerk.
So Mr. Mung starts talking as soon as he's called up,
of course, Ph.J. recognized him and goes,
oh, no, don't start talking about Neil
and the guy right away started.
He's a sub-healing.
You see, what you, sir,
if I can interrupt him, I will,
what you get in this business.
And it's really gotten ridiculous lately.
You get these little groups.
And then you find out they're all like you're telling me now,
connected together,
little nerds, all these chronic's connected together,
and they hang out together.
And they're just like professional groupies.
They ought to have like G.A.
groupies anonymous,
where they can go to meetings and air themselves out.
Oh, but don't worry,
because he doesn't listen to you anymore.
Good.
Thank God.
He says that you're off his dial
and he doesn't care about your show anymore.
Right.
Yeah.
And before he sends a bio-cup agov.
He definitely won't be listening today,
because he has more important things to do between you.
Right.
And of course Stan is, you know,
just sitting there going,
oh, we're giving Neil a show tomorrow.
Four hours on the stand major show tomorrow.
Yeah, all right.
See, that's what he's looking for.
I know.
And today, I don't know why,
because he's never on anyway.
It's not going to do him any good.
It's just going to, you know,
just before I go on vacation,
we can have all that's going to do
is alienate my audience and piss them off.
But again, Stan just continues, you know.
And then you get...
By the way, Randy Martin will be here on
Week From Friday to do the show by herself
from QAM fame used to be on with Bill Caulders.
He's a wonderful young lady.
She will not rip me on the air while I'm gone.
And then she's going to be doing the show
with Stan for a couple of weeks.
And of course, if he turns out to be a douchebag,
she'll do it alone, I guess.
And of course, he got the Budlickers Cone going.
And he always Stan, keep the show.
Don't let him come back from his vacation.
Like I said, Joey's going to be doing the show
while I'm on vacation.
I think I ought to give Joey a second thought, you know what?
Well, anyway, PHA doesn't seem to be too bad a guy,
but he's taking a little question.
Well, now telling me that, you see,
that was like opening up a whole encyclopedia
of information when you tell me that.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
You'll find association.
He's never been the same since he had...
Birds of a feather stuck around together.
Since his skin turned yellow, he's never been the same.
Well, that was from the urine lady's show.
If you remember correctly.
So, thank you, sir.
I really opened up some new exciting avenues on this show.
You're welcome.
See you.
1119 at WIOD.
Miami on the Bokeh line must be important.
Good morning, Neil.
How are you?
They're okay.
I need your expert keys.
Inside, live in a complex that will not allow me to have cable.
I mean, that light.
I'm trying to...
Just do it.
Trying to use the cable through my VCR.
The VCR will only...
You're trying to use the cable through your VCR?
Well, it's a problem.
I can only get up to channel 13.
How was your VCR about 25 years?
No, it's cable ready.
And I mean, when I flick the switch, that too.
It goes up to...
Do you have any idea how many people are flicking their switch during this call right now as you're speaking, sir?
I'm sorry.
WIOD.
Leo.
Hi.
Hi.
I'm fine about two-life crew.
Yeah.
Yes.
Go ahead.
Don't be intimidated.
Well, I...
Sheriff...
Sheriff, thank you, sister, is busy making the trees up with her all the nuts.
You don't have to worry about them.
See, I live in a complex, right?
And this kid's that really jammed that really bad.
And I have a three-year-old daughter.
And it doesn't sound too nice.
Yeah.
Not that fine.
I'm talking about the really...
The grotto.
My blanket out each or, you know, it's pretty bad.
And the kids three?
Yeah.
And there's other children around them.
And you think they know what that means?
Yeah, they start singing it.
It's pretty bad.
But it doesn't mean anything.
Don't you understand?
It means nothing.
That's like saying...
Do you understand?
It's like saying that.
That's mean as a...
Not really.
Words don't hurt anybody.
That's why this country's so jewel and island so silly.
And you're getting sucked into the whole idea.
Not really, because, you know,
we're having an app calling bad.
What is it?
Saying app calls not bad.
Yeah, that's okay.
But...
Or...
Do spang at twisting too.
Don't say okay.
21 after 11 at W-Y-O-D, she's talking about her pet.
We have an open line in Dead County.
75...
Won't you?
751 W-Y-O-D.
Ma'am, you are...
Somebody oughta come over to your house
and spank you with a leather strap,
but I think you'd get into it.
1122 at W-Y-O-D,
and we want to tell you right now about
Benson's camera and video,
where we're going to be doing our thing with the Rick and Spud.
This Saturday, if we can say Spud on the air anymore,
we're going to be doing a little appearance down there,
calling, uh...
Oh, gee, Saturday.
Who's show is going to be out while we're doing Collins on Saturday?
That's just dawned on me.
From noon to three, here on 610 W-Y-O-D.
I'm not supposed to be.
It's just you, I'm not supposed to be.
Summer 1990 is the summer of Dick Tracy.
You'll see the movie,
listen to the soundtrack,
wear the t-shirt,
and read the comic book.
And now, just in time for Father's Day,
you can enjoy the fragrance
that was inspired by the movie,
the soundtrack,
the t-shirt, and the comic book.
New Dick Tracy Cologne.
Why smell like other guys?
Now you can smell like Dick.
Are you mobile?
Yes, I am.
How about that?
How are you, sir?
Okay.
I'm calling about the track.
I heard you, uh...
we're betting on a horse
called Fortress a little while ago.
Call what?
Fortress?
Fortress?
Yes.
Where'd you get that?
Uh, that's what somebody was telling me the other day.
I just thought a con tell you that it was a rumor
that it was fixing to come back in the circuit again.
That's correct.
Yeah, they told me you wanted to hear that.
Here's a horse called Fortress,
F-O-R-T-U-I-S, is that what you thought about?
That's correct.
And I was betting on it?
Yeah, they said you want a lot of money off it.
Boy, somebody is doing some serious drugs, sir. Trust me.
Oh, really?
Somebody is on mute.
All right. Well, I just thought a call to let you know that.
Okay.
All right, I call for my douchebag.
Okay.
I'm correccy your douchebag.
Okay, sir.
Thanks a lot for your, uh...
alleged call.
Um...
Oh, I thought we had another mobile.
Thank God they're gone.
Because they're all paying.
Oh, we have an opening in Palm Beach.
6'5'5", Fortress.
Fortress?
What the hell is he talking about, huh?
He's a good old boy, though, huh?
He a good old boy.
6'5'5", 9'4", 6'3", 6'5", 5", W-I-O-D, let's go to Lighthouse Point.
Neil, what's the point?
How you doing?
I'm telling the fresh veggie.
Are you on a mobile?
No.
Oh, hold on then.
W-I-O-D.
I'm turning up towards the sky.
Well, just hold on to it a second.
Now, what is it?
Oh, it's 10 at the fresh veggie.
Yeah, 10. How are you?
Good, how you doing?
Okay.
I guess lunch is out tomorrow.
Lunch is out tomorrow.
We're not going to be here tomorrow.
I know. What about Thursday?
You must make Wednesday of veggie day.
Yeah, well, let's stop you, Curried Away.
You know what I mean?
Let's wait till next week.
Okay.
But it was great.
Everybody just went nuts.
Good.
Anybody mention us by any chance?
Anybody mention you?
Absolutely.
Everybody that came in.
It's really?
Yeah.
Well, that's great.
Yeah, it was standing.
So you want to cancel so weak from Wednesday, huh?
Yeah, we're not going to be here tomorrow.
And then I don't, because I'm not going to eat any food at the thing tomorrow.
Right.
I'm going to have a little taste of that yogurt.
You know, I can have a little taste of that, but that's it.
Yeah, because I need not be more than happy to bring it down.
Well, let's wait a week.
Okay.
Because I got to really, you know, before I go on vacation,
I got to really watch myself.
Okay.
You got it.
Okay, Tim.
I'll see you next time.
Okay, we have a couple of open lines now.
I can't believe it.
One in Broward, one in Palm Beach, five, two, four,
fascist in Broward and six, five, five, pig,
six, five, five, W-I-O-D in Palm Beach, W-I-O-D.
Neil.
Yeah.
I heard part of the show last night.
Oh, boy.
I think sure of Nick, Sidorath,
Paul Harvey Jr.
I don't believe in censorship, but in his case.
Yeah.
Well, Steve Steinball,
Steinball's of a feather hangout together.
And now that I know he's a friend of Mr. Radio,
he's been putting in this act like Mr. Buddy,
all these, for a long time, I mean,
he's been hanging around for, um,
oh, going back to INZ, so it's like four years now.
You know, Stanis is an answer week.
We gotta play the, we gotta play the OJs and Backstabria.
That seems to be Stan's the thing.
Every time he gets a show, which isn't very often,
he brings on somebody to rip me.
That seems to be the new tactic.
He was begging for a job, but it was pathetic.
I was just, when you had a phone, I turned around.
He was begging for a job.
He was begging for somebody to give me a job.
Not Stan, Paul Harvey Jr.
You know, this is really, I needed this show today,
like I need hemorrhoids, okay?
Like a week and a half before I'm going on vacation.
I'm gonna turn this, the controls of this program
over to Stan and Randy Martin.
I don't, I have never met Randy,
but I know she's a nice person.
And she doesn't have a mean spirit
at the bone and her body.
I know she hates Joey like poison,
so I know she can't be all bad.
But as far as Stan is concerned, I mean, it went to vet.
I jumped up and down like Rumble still skin.
I mean, I want him on the show and he's gonna fill in.
And then like the one chance,
a chance he gets to be on before I go away.
He does this alleged, alleged show.
I say alleged cause I haven't heard it,
but we can't have this many liars in the audience.
You know, what the hell is this man's problem?
What the hell does he want?
I'm asking you, he's your friend, and I try to find him.
Well, with friends like that, who needs a Julia Caesar, right?
You were lucky with watching the,
publicly, and yeah, it was a lot more pleasant.
Thank God I didn't turn that on.
Oh man, I think I have your cell phone.
Do you understand how childish all of this is?
I mean Gilbert, Gilbert has an excuse, okay?
Gilbert has a brick that's missing, okay?
Or two or three?
He's got an excuse.
But these other people who are allegedly grown,
adult like real people who are,
who make just fools of themselves like Mr. Radio
and this slimeball from the track, Super Dave, and all.
It's this sick name people, and it makes me nauseous.
They make me puke, okay?
It's amazing, Neil. It's really amazing.
Oh, we have the broadcaster's convention,
and it's like a bunch of little kids over there.
It's like the whole FPL syndrome.
And oh, we had lunch with Ernie and we're going with Paul Lyle.
Gee, that makes you, my skin crawl.
It makes me sick.
I was looking forward last night to stand so,
hoping that we had an hurt him before long.
And we have to get far out of the junior?
Oh, jeez.
Oh, Neil.
Ron, Betty's found a new home, you know?
Betty's found a place to root.
Oh, yeah, I'm on your show.
I'm turning.
Not anymore.
No way.
In turn yellow.
Yeah, well, there must be a reason for it.
I think it was the appropriate color too,
with all apologies to our oriental friends.
I think this was a different kind of yellow, you know what I'm saying?
As in the yellow streak.
Have a great day.
It's a shame.
Okay.
I'm going to have to go back to the first one.
See, I can do it too.
1131 at WIOD, we have an opening and
Broward, one in Palm Beach.
Those are interesting.
Those two lines seem to be the ones that are like kitty corn.
Are they, aren't they?
Like on Hollywood squares.
And look at that.
There's Paul Linde on number four.
WIOD.
Hold on, Paul.
Hallendale, hello.
Hallendale, what do you want?
What's your story, sir?
I don't have a story, Neil.
Okay.
Let's go to Kendall.
Hello.
That's Mr. Navarro de U, dummy.
South Miami.
Hi, how you doing, Neil?
This is the first time that I've ever
like really listened to you, you know,
this last yesterday and today.
Why is that?
I don't live down here.
Where are you from?
I'm from Detroit, originally.
From Detroit?
Oh my god.
Not a telegraph in 12 mile in the South
Sea in the tell 12 mile.
Oh really?
What?
That's where you used to live.
I'm 12 mile road.
All right.
Right off telegraph.
All right.
So why are you down here in this town?
Because the weather is great.
Sir, everything else sucks, but the weather is great.
The last year that I was in Detroit, which was 1971,
it's snowed in June.
Okay.
It's not, I'm not joking.
There were flakes fallen.
I mean, we got a lot of flakes down here,
but they don't melt.
That's true.
But I wouldn't camp them now.
And it's snowed, you know, in Christmas.
Well, you must be a Dick Purton fan.
What I wanted to tell you is...
Well, let me say it again.
You must be a Dick Purton fan, huh?
No, not really.
No!
Oh, geez.
How could you be from Detroit not be a Dick Purton fan?
No, JP McCarthy.
I'm gonna bar fall over to have an evening of thing all day.
JP McCarthy with a great voice and nothing to say.
That's true.
Oh, no.
I had heard something on the news, you know.
How's it going, eh?
Well, you know, Angles Beer is a valuable source of fat gut.
Here's his cane.
Yeah, Joe, can we get to your version of Stranger in the Shore?
What is it?
It's just a little Dick Purton, or a three-off card.
I don't have anything with JP McCarthy on it, because he's too boring.
Oh, okay.
What I wanted to say is, I was watching the news the other night
and it's all this controversy.
We don't say it again, so we don't discuss that particular person.
I guess I was a wonder.
You know, he's...
We don't discuss any of that on the air, okay?
Oh, okay.
Because we're cowardly and spineless and a bunch of slime balls.
Oh, okay.
And easily intimidated.
Oh, I see.
Yeah, I don't know.
Have a nice day.
I don't think he gets the message.
1134, 26 till noon at WIOD.
In the last thing in the world, we would do is play any of that
disgusting pornographic music of theirs either.
Fuck me.
The fuck me.
Oh, it's bees.
Drop it in the car and have it a hell of a time.
Okay, let's take a call in Boka if we must.
Hello.
Boka?
Gone.
Never there on Line 7.
Miami Lakes.
Yep.
Okay.
What do you want?
Neil?
Yeah.
Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Uh, I just want to let you know.
First time calling.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, as far as two life groups.
Yeah.
I sold them to Jaguars.
First of all, I sold them one.
Now that's it for their interviews,
they got rich enough to buy two.
Mm-hmm.
I'm pretty soon going to come in and buy a fleet.
Unbelievable though.
Yep.
And maybe a sheriff Nick can come in and buy a fleet too.
A fleet animal.
Here you go.
There you go.
Sheriff Nicky's on.
He is the best.
He-he'd be the best.
Yes.
And, uh, watching the news last night,
the first three articles on the news,
two life group,
burning the flag,
and thenning,
uh,
bathing suits on the beaches.
Mm-hmm.
I mean,
what's this world coming to?
Sure, all I can tell you,
I mean, it's pointless to keep repeating this over and over again.
Keep your passport handy and just, uh,
you know, keep an airline ticket.
There you go.
Stir one in the closet.
Okay, you take care of yourself.
Okay, sir, you too.
Thank you.
W-Y-O-D.
Okay, that said,
Bokaline, man,
just a bunch of slime balls up in Boka.
I can't imagine who it might be.
W-Y-O-D.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
I don't think that you're being very fair, Sheriff Nicky.
Don't you really?
Well, how come you're doing that phony voice
on the phone while you're doing this call?
Sure, is there a special reason?
No, that's my voice.
There's no phony voice.
Is it really?
Well, you know what?
I don't care what you think.
W-Y-O-D.
Yeah, I just want to get one thing straight.
Well, work on it.
24-till-noon at W-Y-O-D.
We have an opening in Dave, one in Boka.
I got to do a break here.
I don't have time for all of these pseudo-unlectual mobile callers.
Anyway, Arnold's Royal Castle is a place that you will fall.
Don't be a Nickhead.
Lock it in.
Plantation.
The blood.
I see the erudges.
The bugs.
Good one.
What is it?
I'm doing a little radio show in here.
I know that you've got a lot of important stuff going on.
W-Y-O-D.
It's Matt Sucks.
We have one open line in Dave, one in a Broward.
W-Y-O-D.
Yeah, this is Joanne with two arrows.
What's going on, Chris?
No, it's not.
No, it's not.
No, it's not.
Yes, it is.
No, it's not in Poster.
Neil.
No, please.
No way in Poster.
No, seriously.
Stick it through the phone.
Let's take a look.
Well, I'm trying to figure it out.
Yeah, I recognize that thumb.
Listen.
Listen.
That is your thumb, man.
He knows my pinky.
Listen.
Hold on a second.
W-Y-O-D.
I-O-D.
Hey, how you doing?
OK.
Listen.
Listen.
Listen.
Watch yourself at...
Remember, remember, find the bullworn on Hollywood.
It's on 75.
It's three lined up.
It's still 45.
We got a cop leading the everybody's going 45 behind them.
Pick report.
So I just tell you that.
Thank you, sir.
I listen to take a light.
What is it?
He's saying, listen.
OK, go ahead.
Listen.
I don't understand what they're like.
Why don't these people speak at English, OK?
I want to put it up there.
How are they talking about?
I want to put everything out on the table.
I feel just like Bart Simpson.
I want to lay everything out on the table.
Yeah, I bet you do.
And the call to listen.
No, listen.
What do you want?
Don't let the guy on the mobile
and claim to be Joel with two elves.
Yeah, I can't.
Oh, jeez.
See now, even a caller is now we got like real Joel's
animation.
Joel, don't worry about it.
I don't know how to make a difference to me.
He's the one that he's as long as we don't have people with
hepatitis calling and with strange
conflict with all of your complex.
Listen, he's the one that works down at fast lane
shoes and coral gates.
I don't care who the hell he is.
OK?
But he's in a game.
He's got a serious problem to begin with.
It's called life.
He floats around every once in a while.
I bet.
Anyway, by the way, we do have an open line in
day 751 WIO.
I just like to call the joel and
posture a major league.
Disposal.
Yeah, but this is like a self serving.
You're like a self promoting.
Well, because they're like Nick Devar.
You might call him with a crank call.
You're like me green and Nick Devar.
You're self promoting a thing.
That's very bad.
The only reason I'm trying to clear the situation,
you might call with a, you know, with a crank call
or say we don't work.
And they won't let me on the air.
We don't care.
OK?
The audience doesn't care either.
OK.
If you never called again, I mean, don't take it
personally.
But if you never called again,
they don't care.
Just remember this neat proofs.
OK.
Bye.
Boy, 1142.
No, I got the feeling yesterday morning
when I came in that there'd been something in the water
or something in the air in this entire area.
And now I'm positive about it.
Because I listened to the afternoon, too,
to on and off during working clothes.
And it wasn't much different.
There was some really bizarre.
Oh, and then there was that one woman.
What the hell was she talking about that drove me nuts
called in yesterday afternoon?
Oh, yeah.
Take I'm negative.
This woman about, oh, it's so
hot here.
I've been here all my life.
A young woman.
If now, if you don't like how weather,
what why are you still here?
I mean, what the hell are you doing here?
Go to Buffalo.
OK?
There's a bus leaving every hour.
Talk about fetching bitchy, hysterical people.
Oh, it's been so hot lately.
It's 1143.
West Palm Beach.
Neil.
Yeah.
That guy that called.
Hasn't it been hot?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Who is this?
It's down.
Yeah, I know.
That's why I asked.
Coconut Creek.
Hello.
Yeah.
A little kid called in the front.
I'm going to tell you how are you, pal.
Let's go to a poppano.
Hello.
Nobody there.
North Miami Beach.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Just want to let you know.
Hold on one second.
What do you want, Aaron?
Hi.
Hold on.
W-Y-O-D.
Neil.
What?
Joey and you have two things in common.
OK, we'll find out in a second.
Now, what is it?
A year friend also called Rick and Sudshoe Friday.
And Rick got you there about the same thing.
What friend?
Paul Harvey Jr.
And ragged on me?
I don't think so.
I heard the call.
He was mad because you wouldn't let him talk and stuff.
I wouldn't let him talk.
Yeah, when he got called you.
So he was calling and complaining on Rick and Sudshoe.
And what did they tell him?
They just didn't say anything.
They were probably speechless.
So even in short a time.
I think he's just taping himself and just likes to hear
himself a grandizing self promoting douchebag.
Yeah, he's a boy.
OK, OK, thank you.
OK, I think we're finally separating the men from the
goyam here today.
It's 1144.
We have an opening in date one in Palm Beach.
751 W-Y-O-D in date.
655 Jerk in Broward in Palm Beach W-Y-O-D.
Neil, please.
Hold on, please.
That's a crank.
Now what is it?
What's this?
Anasty call yours?
I'm Neil.
Is this Neil B?
Helper?
Yeah.
What a last name.
You dark.
Yeah.
Is that it?
OK, W-Y-O-D.
I heard Pah-Harm Q-A-M.
What is it?
I heard Pah-Harmie Jr.
I'm Q-A-M.
I hear him on my pop-up poster.
How do you like that?
That's how chronic he is.
Yeah, no, I think he should be banned from the show.
He's banned from this show.
He's history.
I like that.
I got you out cool.
OK.
Thanks.
Thank you, sir.
W-Y-O-D.
Hello.
Yes.
I'm calling on the Palm Beach Line.
Well, I'm impressed.
Well, thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
OK.
Let's go to Coral Springs on the vocal line.
Morning, Neil.
Morning.
We know that, but we can't put it on the ear.
Now what is it?
I was just saying before you get to your negative, Neil.
I just want to re-emphasize the great game
of the Cubs played last night.
Yeah, let's go over that again.
Fish by pitch.
Let's go.
Shoot for the moment, please.
That's even better.
Let's shoot for your renaz.
Hey, Neil, can I say something?
One thing about this two-life crew thing.
Yeah, I guess so.
It's been pretty boring.
You know, it's getting pretty ponderous.
Well, you know, all these people, like, call it up,
go, what can we do?
Well, you know, there's such a thing
as a voter's registration card.
Yeah, forget it.
Just a little bit.
That's what I have for you.
It's not going to happen.
I know it's not going to happen.
I know.
for another four years or something.
No worry about it, OK?
What is it?
He's up for election in two more years.
Yeah, by two more years, they're
going to forget all about the people here, don't vote.
The only people that vote are the old parts.
They have nothing else to do.
They go out there in big numbers.
They get on the bus.
They have an early bird.
They go to vote.
And that's why you got people like Bob Cox
and Nick Bavaro and all these other Nicky.
Forget it.
Just to have the good time.
Forget it.
Forget it.
Forget it.
Forget it.
We got broccoli head bush up there
and Washington with that space could advise the president just forget it.
I got it.
I wasted 12 years of my life.
It's like somebody stole all his years out of my life screaming and yelling and trying
to motivate people, forget it.
People are space could at so okay.
They don't care.
I agree but you know it's a simple solution.
I mean it's super past 4 handy and have a nice day sir.
Please.
We have a memory they started speaking of simplistic because that was the whole Reagan
approached everything simplistic solution to complex problems that they had no answer
for.
So Nancy of course started just to know the drugs.
Here in South Florida we have just to know the life.
WIOD.
Yeah it is pretty darn hot out there today.
Hold on a second.
That's another crank.
12.5 till noon at WIOD we want to tell you again about the specs music and video thing
we're doing tomorrow the grand opening of their newest location.
We are going to stop.
We are going to stop.
We are going to stop.
On the ridge of cloud around.
And we know.
Then it's every day.
You try to breathe.
It's about to burn.
The fortunate things.
I can't be friends about man never easy.
You're a penny so you can breathe.
You better all it would be.
That maple chicken for me.
I got here.
Now I've seen that show of love.
Raise your legs down.
Now I'm taking thatkung!
I'm going to be singing that drop drop.
Let me put these two in WILD.
All right, that's enough.
One of this mobile and bokeh is still there.
I doubt it.
Hello.
You're there.
Yeah, I am.
Amazing.
There's one to let you know we're rolling some tape and Dick Burton's going to hear your show today.
I talked to him the other night.
And Ray.
Can't some wonderful things to say about it.
How you doing, Dicky, baby?
I'll tell you one thing that Hamtramik Mama's going to get his ass sooner or later.
Just watch it.
Absolutely.
You know what he's still doing the poker fest there?
You know what I wish he would send me.
Do you really know him?
What's that?
I wish he would send me.
He's got those old Kierthirteenthingles.
Absolutely.
He still plays them.
Yeah, I know.
I heard him when I was up there a couple of years ago.
If he could, because their, like, pams is out of business.
And God, if I get my hands on some of those, I would go nuts.
Well, I'm sure once he hears the tape and I'll let him know for sure.
Pretty please.
I don't like the bag, Dick, but God Almighty, please.
I would do anything.
All right, Neil, have a great day.
Thank you, sir.
Bye.
God, Dick, Pert and a legend.
And that other twerp who called before from Detroit, the one that was so boring, and listens to
JP and McCarthy, God, I mean, it's okay like when you get to be 90.
And you like to hear like a 60-cycle tone, you know, that just drove like the sandy patent
show drones.
There's a mobile here, a ledge.
Hello.
Goodbye.
They're not going to wait that long when it's spinning on their dime.
Miami, hello.
Alex, say hello to Dick Pert and.
Okay.
Stop, Miami.
Yes, sir.
Do you know who Dick Pert is?
Well, you know, but he might leave you some money in his will if you say hello real
nice.
He's up in.
Oh, look at that.
There's a Luther Campbell in two-live crew on MTV.
I'll be danged, huh?
How do you like that?
Don't say that.
I'll be darned.
I have a question.
What's the question?
Is the garden talk portion of the show?
Yes.
Is your vegetation having a little problem?
Absolutely.
I can't get something to grow in your fruit.
Are you having a little problem with your fruit?
No, I'm not.
Maybe it's cucumbers.
Go ahead.
Just keep moving.
I don't worry about material.
Just keep moving.
I have nothing to say.
I'm going to notice.
I think.
But I think it's a pretty good column.
Yes, I think I can probably stand all day.
Okay.
We'll hold on a second.
We'll come back to you.
Open line in Boca, 2789463, 278WIOD.
God, if I'd have known Dick Pert and was going to get a tape of this, I'd have played
that whole bit.
Let's go to a Pembroke Pines.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Great.
I don't know if I'm great.
I felt great when I came in.
It comes one last night.
Everything's great.
I'm going on vacation in a week and a half.
And then I come in.
I hear all this stuff about this backpiding sabotage.
This grotesque stuff that allegedly took place last night with my good close personal
friend Stan and my good buddy who's always smiling when he faces me face to face, Paul Harvey
Jr.
douchebag.
I didn't get to hear it, but I've got something for you.
Well, just make something up then.
No, this isn't make it up.
This is the truth.
Okay.
Pembroke Pines has the largest concentration of douchebags in the United States of America.
Can you still say that?
I can say it over and over and over again.
Are you there?
You know, I think we could raise a lot of money for charity, maybe for the Camilla
Sauce.
We could get Sheriff Nick and Mayor Cox to see me so horny in Hollywood.
Oh, man.
Can you imagine?
No, I mean, you just got a canad here one day.
What are you talking about?
I used to live in Pembroke Lakes for two years.
What are you talking about?
Well, I've been around the block a few times in this town.
Maybe he should help the guy that he handled.
It's got problems with his garden.
Because they raise him here.
He's passing me by.
When you calm down, the sun is shining.
The birds are singing.
There's one doing a little thing on my car in the parking lot.
A little pigeon.
Everything's fine.
Everything is just fine.
Isn't that what that's simmering you need?
Who used to be on the show used to say?
That's right.
Female van hates the show now because they don't have a sidekick.
Because now he has to pay a little attention.
Well, I don't hate that.
He doesn't like that, huh?
I don't hate the show.
I think you're great.
The show is great.
And it's 100 times better without that simmering little fool that used to be here, sucking
up the free food and making little...
He did.
...the background, you know, like a jerk.
And Rick and Sudge should take a trip back to Waxi.
What are you talking about?
They're great.
I'm just kidding.
Oh, man.
They are great.
I don't listen to Waxi anyway.
Well, who the hell would it?
And by the way, Budeau allegedly...
What did Roger do with that thing?
Did you see it in the paper today?
I didn't see it.
I know that he was positively going back to Waxi.
You can tell how hot he is in the market by the fact that now one person has called about
this.
Budeau returned to Waxi expected Monday morning.
Isn't that exciting?
Right.
Well, the thing is, my mouth is getting to twitch over that.
I'll tell you that right now.
He started at love 94, but nobody really realized that.
Went to Waxi.
Went to Waxi.
You've proved what goes around.
Come around.
That's what we always say.
That's right.
Right, Greg?
You have no problem with his noodles.
He's still over there with...
Oh, look at this.
We got Stan on the bat line.
Isn't that incredible?
I'm incredible.
I'm going to nail his ass good.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Bye-bye.
What do you want?
Mobile?
Yeah.
I'll give you a mobile.
What's all this crap I keep here?
Well, it must all be lying.
We've had like 40,000 calls here and they all came and you said that.
You said that to allow Mr. Radio, who's a close personal friend of that slime ball,
pasty complexion guy.
Yeah, I didn't understand why.
I was going to hit him with your ass though.
I was going to hit him with a friendly guy.
Who?
That's a close personal buddy.
I didn't know that.
And just remember, chronic's of a feather do it together.
Okay, Stan?
Yes, but you know, the rumors are just absolutely horrible.
Yeah, well, I must all be...
I must be a set-up.
We had a good show.
I don't know why people had called me.
Well, see, that part is, I mean, that part's so ridiculous that I won't even comment on that.
Well, no, it was a good show, the fun part.
What do you mean it was a good show?
Everybody is calling in.
It's just dumping all over you thing that all you did was go back and belly ache about you
have these numbers, which is like ancient history and all over you thing.
Paul Harvey Jr., see, the fun thing I don't like is people like slime ball,
olive complexion slime hit Paul Harvey Jr., who doesn't...
It was been in here during this show, and I'm here.
There's been at the personal appearances, who calls ten times a day into my face and my...
You know, Mr. Happiness and then stabs you in the back.
The first chance he gets when he knows you're watching the cubs kick the crap out of the meds.
He didn't stab you in the back.
This Mr. Rayco.
No, he stabbed me in the chest.
I just had a stroke eight weeks ago in this slimy, ill-complexion pasty,
olive-looking piece of mong comes on your show.
What do you want, Stan?
I look good last night.
Yeah, I did eat.
Well, I want to know what you're about to eat.
He loved you.
Yeah, screw him.
Screw him in Mr. Radio.
I'll save my boat.
I'll just use your whole program by once, thinking, call.
Well, better not be by this one.
I know why you called in.
I've been doing women going on this for two hours,
and as soon as he heard that Dick Purton was getting a take of the show,
this slime ball was on the phone.
Can you believe it?
And he's not even coughing.
You see, none of that.
He's trying to really do a cute call here for Purton, okay?
Send him a chain of those, Dick.
Yeah.
Send me the, I'm not going to say it.
Have a great day.
Bye.
Okay, get rid of him.
Okay, what do we got?
Gail?
Gail Matsowbright is here with our new NYOD news.
He's just Gail Schwartz going to do it.
I know we're going to come back in 12-0-5 and continue this.
Now, do a good job because Dick Purton's listening to Detroit.
He's got a lot of money.
And then Rick and Plut will be along at two o'clock sports talk at 6.05
and to show you what a great sense of humor we have here at WIOD.
We've got another Yankee game at 7.30 tonight.
Newstalk Radio 610.
WIOD presents Neil Rogers.
To get in touch and talk, call 751WIOD in day.
524 WIOD in broder.
Or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach.
Other areas may call Kale.
The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD.
So, that's me.
That life is passing me by.
Oh, wait a second.
We got a mobile, are you there?
Yeah, I'm still here.
You don't want to wait through that whole thing, do you?
No.
Well, how do you like that?
I saw that out of the corner of my eye.
I have a listen to the news.
Sometimes the best things I see are out of the corner of my eye.
That's right.
Well, I'm TV in the middle of the show.
All right, we have two quick things to say.
Last night there was a quick show.
It's called now, Baseball Air Looms.
And they had a 15-documentary unregly failed.
Yeah.
It's big and sunrise Baseball Air Looms are big on that.
Yeah, it's very interesting.
I'll bet.
And I interrupted that for this.
Go ahead.
Okay, I know it's going to get good.
There's a quick other station I have to make.
For me, Callers, I can judge that this is serious.
It's a rough problem in the state of Florida.
No question.
That's what we're here for to prove it.
Just say no to the callers.
Thank you, buddy.
Okay, great.
Sometimes I see my eyes are starting to me blind.
Okay, I think that might be better in little spurts if we play that way.
We have an opening in date.
7519463-751.
Do you have any idea what I'm talking about?
No, that's good, George.
Let's go to a plantation.
Bravo, seven.
Right, six.
Oh, hey.
Sit down.
Okay, Michael.
It's on another 11th, right this day.
Oh, the V-Nail Act.
That was beautiful.
I like it waiting to be stored after we've potted it up.
W-Y-O-D.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Listen, you got to get past the show, amigo.
Well, in Kindle, you got to do that.
Don De Estas su passport.
Listen, you got a couple of monghads over there.
Over where?
Rick Riley in Joe Siddaki.
Joe Siddaki, I used to pitch for the Cardinals.
This guy.
Brother Ray does a sports show on I-O-D.
Ray has a dance.
No personality.
Rick Riley has no personality.
No, I mean, anybody...
Oh, geez.
Are you going to rag on my buddies now, my pals?
And Joe Siddaki can't even stand up for himself
when somebody calls him up and rips him.
Sonny Hurson's got to take over the program
and call the caller names because...
I am their token.
Love tool.
Yeah, you tell him, right?
And Joe Siddaki, I saw him at the...
Not Joe, yeah, Joe.
You are everything that's wrong with America.
I think this is a subversive, comi-pink-o-nazi-fascist call
and I hope you have a nice day.
That's me.
12-0-a to W-O-D.
Let's...
Miami-B.
Now, that's interesting.
Are you... are you B in Miami?
Take a pass, so.
Hey, it is in Miami-B.
How you been?
Okay, how you be?
Good.
I'd be pretty good.
You this is?
I'd be babbling.
No, I have no idea.
Give me a hint.
Don't say it right out loud because it takes all the attention out of it.
Hold on a second.
W-O-D.
Hi.
Yes?
Do you want to speak to me?
Oh, is this Neil?
Hold on a second.
All right, thank you.
Are you hold?
Sure.
Oh, thank you so much.
Now, what is he?
You got the attention out of it now?
The specs ring of hell?
The specs does ring of hell.
We'll be there tomorrow.
I have no idea who this is.
Eric.
Eric!
Oh, my God.
He loves my friends.
Yeah, well, that's how they all are.
So what's happening?
Here today, go on tomorrow.
That's what Alex Bennett used to say.
I'll be there tomorrow.
Oh, man.
Are we excited about that, Eric?
Great.
Save me a seat.
Yeah, we'll save you a seat.
The hot seat.
Hey, how about them dogs?
What?
How about them dogs?
What the hell is that mean?
Georgia Bulldogs.
National champs.
In what?
Baseball.
La Crosse.
Baseball.
Well, they won the college world series?
You got it.
It's over?
It's over.
I didn't even...
I watched a few games early and then stopped paying any attention
when I got really boring.
Because most of the guys were pretty ugly anyway.
Give it a use of aluminum bats.
Yeah, that's what does it for me.
I heard the sound of the ball hitting that aluminum man.
I get like a rush.
Don't you, Eric?
Depends on the time.
Yeah, then your hair kind of like sandups free on end.
Well, listen, Eric.
We'll be looking for you tomorrow.
Because I can see this call has really got like no purpose.
Ponder, right?
Yeah.
But you're okay in our book.
Where you've been?
Working.
Hanging.
Working hard.
Okay.
We'll keep it up.
See you tomorrow.
Bye.
Wow.
How about that?
Lots of people come out to see and greet him.
Eric.
He'll be there.
And W-Y-O-D.
Hello.
Yes.
Who's it?
Well, all depends on who you want.
Are you a friend of the show?
Are you an enemy?
Are you like in between?
Oh, hi, Neil.
I didn't know it was you.
Well, hold on a second.
Hey, Neil.
Oh, jeez.
What?
You'd be a special small.
Yeah.
Which one?
Are you listening to a wait a minute?
I just woke up.
Go-E-Board spot is on MTV.
I don't have time for your nonsense.
I just woke up, Neil.
I just woke up.
God, look at that.
Is it one of your own biscane?
No, the one down on South Dixie, the brand new one.
And the Sunnyland Plays 119th in South Dixie.
Can you navigate your body down there, sir?
I don't know.
Pretty far.
Yeah, it's pretty far.
OK.
Thanks, Neil.
Bye.
Up yours.
Pretty far.
It's a 10-pass noon at W-E-O-L.
The diet right so does good.
But after a while, after the first 40 or 50,
you start to build up a little pressure.
W-Y-O-D.
Nobody there.
Crank call.
Okay.
In regard to that previous call, we're going to be at Spectre tomorrow.
But not the one on this game where they're last time.
We're going to be at the brand new one, 119th, 21th, South Dixie,
Highway in Sunnyland, doing a show from 10 to 2.
And Eric is going to be there.
That should be a big incentive for a lot of people.
From out free food, from pizza loft, you know how good that is.
Quarter hour drawings for CDs, from Spectre.
And Free Frozen Yogurt from TCBY.
And a chance to register to win that $4,500 satellite system from the VISH doctors.
So come on out.
We'll see them are attended to it.
The brand new specs down in South Dave, 119th, 21th, South Dixie, in the Sunnyland Pleasant.
Okay.
We have an opening in the Broward 524W-Y-O-D.
A mobile on four is gone.
I'm sure.
Negative.
I'm here.
Can't believe it.
The pigs are out on 595 in full force.
Whereabouts?
Going west.
As soon as you are out at 136th, but they're picked.
I picked them up right around Flamingo in Hyade.
Oh.
So watch out, man.
Boy, are out.
It's good to get to the end of what a mommy's today are.
I'd be in big trouble.
There's like 12 of them out there.
Incredible.
Well, it's good thing to know that we're really being protected on here.
You know, between them, and sure if Nick, we don't have a damn thing to worry about.
Also, the coast is playing Philadelphia Freedom right now.
As we speak.
One of the greatest in history.
That is a great song.
Yeah.
It went to great album.
Well, how are you listening to them and me at the same time?
Well, I was listening to them and I had, I've called like 30 times today.
It's been busy in your number.
Well, they show a smoke in sir.
I'm telling you.
Most of the colors are too.
It's a phoenger hot, right?
Yeah, that's what Stan would say.
That's what he would say.
Did you hear his show last night?
Just briefly, because I had to run out to the store.
So I flipped him on, but once it's had five.
When I turned him on, I get to run this too usually.
Yeah, that's what I was doing running this.
But he was vicious.
I mean brutal.
I can't believe it's night calling to the festival.
He did.
He just called before the news.
You were listening to Johnny Darkle run the coast, yeah.
Anyway, see you later.
Okay.
Say goodbye, please.
I goodbye, please.
Okay.
It's 1216 at WIOD.
Let's go to collect them, Daytona.
Now, you know who that is.
That's that slime ball.
Hello.
Greetings.
Yeah, slime ball.
Why are you nasty to me?
What do you want?
I would call to say hi to you.
Who is this?
It's not Johnny Dark.
No, we know who it is.
Why are you calling this show?
You don't listen to this show.
I don't know why you're this and this.
No, no, listen to me.
Yeah.
And don't start using New York language,
lingo on this show.
We don't talk that way here.
Okay.
It's against the law.
No, seriously, why don't you just go away?
I like your show.
We don't like you.
Why can't you just listen?
Johnny Darkmus has told you to talk.
No, Johnny Dark didn't say anything.
You said he hates you like poison.
I don't, I don't, my life isn't dictated by Johnny Dark.
I don't get my values from Johnny Dark.
You're chronic, okay?
And then you call, you call last night,
you're ripped me for, for like a half an hour.
I don't know what.
The hell you didn't.
I did not call who.
Who is this?
Mr. Rady.
Yeah, oh, and he didn't call stand-lasts that we've already got plenty.
We have, the parliaments are singing,
I want to testify, okay?
I do not.
Hey, Ronald, by the way, I wish you.
If anybody has their record,
I want to testify by the parliaments.
That's one of my favorite.
I bet you Dick Pertons got that record, huh?
From Kiener 13,
now we're talking serious radio, okay, asshole?
Oh, excuse me.
What?
Have you ever bathed in air checks?
Have I ever bathed in air checks?
Build your tub up with cassettes and bathes.
Can I ask you a question?
Yes.
Have you ever bathed?
Yes.
Just period.
With R and R so.
With anything, with coast?
Yes.
With Johnny Dark on the air?
What do you want?
I want to think it's good.
What do you want?
Why don't you leave us alone?
You ass!
I want to take a call.
Let me take one call.
One call?
You want to take a call?
Yes.
On this show?
Yes.
See, now he starts sounding like Super Dave.
I never...
I don't think there's only one.
On the next Dick Pertons.
What do you call?
You said a lot of ass and I and things in your life.
Do you understand that Dick Pertons is God,
with a God with a mustache?
He's horrible.
1218 and WIOD, Pember Pine.
Hello?
Yes.
Neil, how are you this afternoon?
I got a good sense of you.
I'll put up with a lot of crap.
But when he starts attacking Dick Pertons.
What is that?
What?
That stuff in the back there.
That's the phasing that I hear.
Coral is phoned.
Neil.
I like that.
I get like erotic vibrations from that.
Really?
And now that you're getting call-weighting on it,
you're like vibrating phoned.
Do you know what Sally fits to you?
No, not at all.
That wasn't Mr. Radio last night.
Who was it?
I don't...
It was not Mr. Radio.
It was not Mr. Radio.
No, it wasn't Mr. Radio.
Who is this?
This is Mr. Radio.
Yeah, that's what I just said.
1219 and WIOD, we have an open scene.
There's two back-to-back, two morons that I don't want to talk to.
I hate them like poison and they just insist calling the show.
And what we're going to have to do is hire a couple of big black guys,
maybe two-life cruel dudes so they can get busted again,
take them out in the woods and beat the crap out of them.
And even for dead like Don Cox from Power 96,
okay, look what it did for him.
We have an opening in Boca, 278 WIOD,
and now all of a sudden after those two disgusting calls,
two and brownered, five, two, four, I don't blame you.
Five, two, I wouldn't call either WIOD.
Go ahead, George.
I can't handle it.
What is that?
A group of kids out there in the hallway.
We just kidnapped them or what?
Okay, what we're doing is we've got a bunch of kids
that we've kidnapped out in the hall,
and we're going to be giving the names.
If the parents are listening,
we're going to be giving the names in the dollar amounts
out during the one to two hour,
and you better get your ass over here fast.
WIOD.
I'm dying over here.
Hold it.
WIOD.
How you doing?
Okay.
Are you disgusted and revolted by these chronic
disturbors who are destroying my show, sir?
It's cruelty.
It is disgusting, rotests subhuman, and we love it.
Exactly.
So what happened today?
Okay, is that it?
That's it.
Okay.
Open line in focus.
278 WIOD.
These kids don't know who the hell I am,
and let's keep it that way.
Okay, send them over to the coast.
Play some of that Billy Joel music.
Anyway, speaking of a great little trip right by you,
seven South Florida charhots are doing it right now,
and every week they've got a new Neil Deal.
In fact, if you really want to be a jerk, you just go and say,
what's the Neil Deal this week?
Like you're some kind of a lemon,
or you can listen to the show,
and we'll tell you every week.
Like this week, it's a big, juicy, quarter pound,
charburel chicken sandwich.
Something's in, something's in,
when I listen to your show.
It just makes me smile,
when I listen to your show.
All right, it's a 1223 at WIOD.
Those kids were from the whispering springs,
pines, elementary school, or whatever the hell this cover rigged.
Nice little kids, okay?
Get them out of here.
Let's go to Miami. Hello?
Neil. Hi.
Kepasa.
Hey, how you doing, Pam?
Oh, I'm calling a reference to the Two Life Crew in the Nazi Nick.
Oh, geez.
Do we have to continue this old day, all week, all life? Go ahead.
Yeah, but the problem is, you know, we're a distributor here and day,
and we just have to put this on one of the two settlements.
Why? You just want?
We are a distributor in Miami, record distributor.
Yes, sir.
And we had two people walk in asking for the Two Life Crew album,
and we actually don't have it.
We directed them to a couple of stores, then ended up going over there,
and they cited these people there from Broward walking in today,
telling them that they cannot sell that record.
What's going on, Neil?
I mean, we're having people from Broward walking in today telling us that we can sell it.
Oh, great. It's a communist aplacer.
You know that?
Communist, a communist?
Yeah.
They're spreading like a disease, sir.
Spreading all the way to the New York City.
It's a virulent, growing, spreading disease.
Neil, can they do that to us?
Hey, listen. Did Hitler ask questions?
No.
Okay.
Oh.
Get that green card in passport, ready, sir.
Okay, Neil, thank you.
Okay, amigo.
Okay.
Girls, all the vassals are coming up.
So what's going on?
We have an open line in Dave County, 7519463, WIOD.
What's up?
Your fascist takes station for the 90s.
Hey, you know what?
What?
Those guys are the chronic to keep calling you?
Yeah.
Are they as bad as the donut guy?
No.
Let's go to North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Hi, I saw a brilliant comedy routine on cable last night that you might want to record
this Thursday night.
It's George Carlin's new.
No, we can't pick that up in Broward.
They are blocking out.
Oh, well, it's worse recording if anybody in Dave can...
This Thursday night, 11 o'clock is the youth.
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
There's a brilliant...
Spread flour over the other side,
at the ground.
Spread flour moving around,
Spread flour moving around,
around coast to coast, stirring up a lot of trouble and making our kids sex
crazed and drug driven and nuts. Miami.
Hello.
Yes.
Do you remember the song by Ace Cannon called Tufts?
The Vax Foner?
What about it?
All right, I was listening to Q&A and the other day.
I was listening.
That was only a half of an expression.
In fact, we're going to be playing the other half this afternoon on the
Richard Putsch Hill.
Why, anyways.
Tufts was the first part.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Just a little joke.
I guess I don't know whether the original record was in stereo or not, but whatever that
feed is that they get, they only played one channel.
You never know.
We've been doing that for two days.
QAM?
Yeah.
You never know.
No, no, it's not a feed.
They've got a new CD player over there and they're missing a channel.
I feel like on some records, you hear only the instrumentally.
You don't hear the vocals.
It's freaky, yeah.
They're doing it.
I just let you know about that great sound.
I learned five, six, though.
I'm telling you, the stories I hear when Randy Martin comes over here to fill in, I bet
she's going to have some incredible stories to tell.
All right, yeah, we'll catch you tomorrow.
Okay.
Thank you.
I'll read the dirge.
We have two open lines in Dave County.
Can you believe that?
I'll be then.
Probably I'll be taken away on trains right now on the FEC tracks.
We don't want to get anybody alarmed, but there are a lot of people in Dave County being
carted on the trains on the FEC tracks by Brown-charted BSO, come with these two fascist pig
douchebags and take it off to a summer camp, WIOD.
Freakin' sud, sud.
Okay, good one.
That's how to just like Bill Marshall, didn't it?
So it's your bill, you can't fool me with that squeaky, crappy voice.
You're not fooling anybody, okay?
Boy, they are so jealous of Rick and Puts.
WIOD.
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
Rod, I'm tired of you for me.
Uh, just now.
Okay, what's your story?
Uh, listen, a meal.
I was…
Are you a little slow today, sir?
Can you speed up the pace a little bit?
Yeah.
Boy, you come nearby surprise.
And that's the idea.
We like to catch guys by surprise.
Yeah, I think I saw you, uh…
Unlikely.
Couple of weeks ago, is the Inrocket Hel?
No.
I've never been at the Inrocket Hel in my life.
Why not?
It's beautiful!
Well, good luck to you.
Have a good time.
29 past noon at WIOD. Let's go to Pompano. I can't believe some of the people that call their
waste of time and not say anything at all. Exactly. Like this one. In a little bit of
defense ball Harvey Jr. I would listen to that. Defending the defenseless. The yellow guy. Hold on. WIOD.
Go ahead. I didn't hear him say anything about you not letting him speak. It was a
tale. Get spread. Vicious nasty rumors and gossip. We've had about a dozen yenters. You're
self included now calling in about all this and it's just amazing to me how we get all these
different versions. I mean they're all like different shades of yellow. Well I heard a
caller say it. I didn't hear him say. In other words, he's caused kind of reflect his complexion.
This good possibility. John Offerdall, Dolphin Linebacker and great human being will be on with
Rick and Puts tomorrow at three o'clock. I have no idea why. And Captain Kendall, the car
expert will be there on Friday. So they're starting in with these guests again with Rick and Puts.
Oh boy. Well, like the guy said, what is it? Another one of these clinics that you never
mentioned. It's a guy and he calls himself Fabian. He calls you and he could send you. Yeah, I know. WIOD.
Well, I'd like to speak to me. I'll be speaking. What?
I said speaking on. I interpret that for you, sir. No, I think I can get that one. Good. How you doing?
Okay. How you doing? Hold on WIOD. Hold it. Okay. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Sir.
Connecticut. I was in Florida. You're calling from you're calling from where? Connecticut. No way.
Yep. I was in Florida eight months. Let's be honest. How come he didn't call collect?
I should have. Yeah. Oh well. It's the right off. Yeah, that's good. I'm at work. It's a boss's phone.
Yep. Excellent. Yep. Yep. The things change down there? No, sir. No, sir. Every
aren't you watching the national news and all the papers man? Communist, not these fascist
pigs running around, two live crew, filth and sex and refreshing and communism and good time for
everybody. Can't believe that two live crew stuff. Yeah, they're doing it. Ridiculous. Sheriff Nick
man. He's protecting us all from those evil words. Yeah. Like hello and goodbye and out of
you know, Santa Riveter. Chin up yours. Right. I was listening when you had your stroke. You feeling
good now? I'm feeling great. I'm doing so well. It's frightening. Yes. Yeah.
Up until just a couple of moments ago. All right. Well, it's good to hear you. I'll have to call
again. I'm a first time caller. Great. What part of Connecticut? I'm in Gail's Ferry.
I beg your pardon? Yeah. Gail's Ferry? Yeah. Don't say that again. Okay. Have a great life.
I'd like to call somebody to do. Go ahead. When I was in part, I worked with a guy's
deal with screen and partner. Yeah. Call him to do. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. I'll be there.
I'm a yo's. Sometimes I see you myself. Okay. Let's say W.I.O.D.
Line checker. Let's go to Boca. Hello. Line seven. Never anybody there. Danea.
13Q. That's on the way. W.I.O.D. I saw Captain Kendall at the fountain. Blue.
Cute. Who cares? An open line in Dade County. 751 W.I.O.D. W.I.O.D.
W.I.O.D. Out of deal. W.I.O.D. Hello? Yeah. What do you want? What do you want, cracker?
What do you want? I never got most W.I.O.D. Hey, big boy.
The phone. We don't all of all of them. That's just like it once came out of the woodwork.
Just because the Mr. Radio and a super schmuck called in a little while ago is not an invitation.
Okay. W.I.O.D. Hey, now how's it going? Okay. Don't let any of these crazy people bother you.
Yeah. No way. I mean look, the chronic after we crank chronic. What's your story? I don't know.
I just can't believe all this stuff going on. What? Oh, what's that?
People are we can't wear what you can't show skin on the beach anymore. What's going on?
We can't visualize ourselves looking at key strings on the beach. No, you can show it over here.
Over here. But they can drill oil and might come over here and show a little skin.
Oh, no, no skin, no skin flex, but I'll be here.
Well, no, hey, shut up. But anyways, you know, what was that?
I'm like, you know, why am anyways? Yeah, I know. And we're tired of you too.
1233 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line in Broward. 524 crank. 524 is psycho.
And we do want to study just again so you don't forget. And I don't know how you're possibly going to do what you want.
I.O.D. what do you want?
Boy, are they dead? Are you there? Are you gone? Plantation.
Dead or alive? Okay, look, by the way, Chuck Meyer coming today.
I think Chuck is under the weather, boy. Pirates just barely pulled that one out last night.
I was joking about it the other day and nobody's seen him since.
A propano. How's it going? Okay, hold on a second. W.I.O.D.
What is this? Who's this? This is a big G.
The big G? Well, we're tired of talking to you. Okay. What is it now, pal?
I was my first time calling out and I know how many years. Every since you left the other stations.
Yes. So how's it going? It's going okay.
I can't figure out what's going on over here.
Came out there. They all have any white seats anymore.
From time to time. Like a dunce.
Shortage and dunce caps too. Do you notice that?
I can't believe it. They're all gone.
Yeah. And all the A.O. Hitler little.
Up in Davy, they said they're feeling a little clannish this week and they're all
going to hang it out together. So they're all on their pickup truck and a big old dog.
Chef, that big old dog chef, you know, that Chuck then in the back of the pickup truck.
Yes. We're going to go out into woods this weekend, hang a couple of suckers, okay?
So what's going on? Yeah. And I have this burning feeling in my heart that things will be okay.
Well, I don't think so. We got our old favorite guy Nick up there.
Yeah. Nickhead. He's a new lord.
Well, let's not talk about this for days to come. My God.
I wonder how you people are going to wake up and stuff the pansies. Okay.
I mean, you just discovered this.
How come you people are also slow? Is that there's a reason for it?
Well, I think we were just aware of the fact that the FAA way back was so far, I think now the FAA.
Or FCC, whatever.
Oh my God. I can't believe it. The man just inspired me. I forgot. I was going to play this today
and you just gave me an inspiration. You thought it was a pretty boring call, right?
I did.
Well, it was right up until now. Okay. Thank you, sir.
It was worth it.
John, what memories?
I'm only on the thankful days you get to hear this one.
I'm gonna be a dude. Don't step on his face.
Pop it.
What are we gonna do? I say, Pop it.
We are all being screwed. I say, listen.
Why is it happening to us? We want the FCC to get off our fun.
Pop it. There's no way for us now even today.
All of our down in the mouth, you can listen.
But now you will find any work that will cause your life.
No fun to be said for the FCC.
No fun to be said for the FCC.
There's nothing left for us to enjoy.
We'll soon be playing with children.
For I'm no fun to be said for the FCC.
No fun to be said for the FCC.
Everyone does to be clean.
They think they know what we should steal.
They try to dictate who us, what is real.
Young and old, please listen to us.
I say, you know, please don't put up a bus.
Help us cut your ass.
The FCC, but you might have a bus with a bunch in your honor.
Can't do it all by yourself, let's all help him.
Don't put it up on the shelf, let the FCC.
No, just how you feel and maybe we'll get inside of us while we feel.
FCC, what are you doing?
We'll do us a favor, what are you doing?
All waiting for slime, in fact, I might die.
Because of the FCC, we want to band what we can do.
FCC, you can what we can say.
You've even tried to band my record.
That's the reason, man.
People are in trouble to you.
I said, you know, let's stand and fight for what's to.
And you're a letter.
And to go far so we can tell the FCC what the end of us.
They are no brothers.
And so far are on your side.
We have nothing too hard, young and old.
Get your opinions out, and maybe the FCC will stay out.
FCC, in the morning now.
FCC, in the evening now.
No one knows what works right, that's the thing.
We are the FCC to play.
FCC, go away.
FCC, get off our path.
FCC, let us live our lives for you.
FCC, FCC, go away.
And I'll see you on the battlefield.
I'll go to the front, but then I'll go to the back.
Call 42 at WIOD as a mobile, let I'm sure is gone.
I don't but.
And we would understand it.
I know.
I hear it.
It's so well, but we hear you.
You know something?
What's that?
I am his total shock.
And lately you're a total shock about one.
Well, you know, I'm church on Sunday that I went.
One of the Sunday school teachers told me that he lives this year's show and not to mention his name.
What's his name?
Pablo Pablo.
Yeah, he's a classic.
Pablo Pablo Pablo Pablo.
He's a closet.
He's a closet.
Yeah, but he's a closet something.
Yeah, he's a closet and then now I'm training a salesman today.
Okay?
His name is George.
Yeah.
And I put on your show.
He was here to I with two outs.
He's a puzzle or hey, yeah.
He's another Neely.
Yeah, they all are.
Do you believe it?
Yes, I do.
For the popular.
And there are a lot of those closet people out there and that's.
What about the population?
The post-time, those guys.
Maybe even Nick Navarro is a closet.
Well, I'm talking about Nick.
I'm right in front of the Bar of County Courthouse.
All right.
Go get him soon.
All right, miss him.
Go get him.
Okay, but thank you.
Okay.
Whatever you say 1243.
The people are just as we're better today than yesterday,
but still in coherent.
We have an opening in Broward 524 W.I.O.D.
and one on the useless vocal line at 2789463 278 W.I.O.D.
Miami.
Neil.
Hold it W.I.O.D.
Uh, yeah, it's fucking Neil.
Sure.
Yes.
Neil.
Yeah.
This is big Mike in North Miami.
Hold on.
Uh, W.I.O.D.
Hey.
Hold it, Johnny.
Now, big Mike.
Yes.
Neil.
What the hell is that mean?
That's my M.O.
No, we don't, we don't have only Haley's has M.O.
Okay, sir.
Listen, Neil.
We don't give nicknames to one thing.
They become chronic and their lives become disrupted and they become disruptive
and we start hating each other.
Just be like Joe Schmode.
I apologize.
Just be like a regular Schmero like everybody else.
Uncle Neil.
Can I just say one thing?
I'm Schmendrick.
Just be a, I am Schmendrick.
It's enough with, uh, you talk enough.
Go, I'm already for one day.
What do you want?
Neil, it's enough with, uh, W.I.O.D.
I am the Rio Joe.
Okay, we'll get to him in a second.
What is it?
Neil, listen, it's enough with, uh, Sheriff Nick in the pubic care police, but I'm at home
having my lunch.
Can I ask you a question?
Yes, sir.
What time is your show on?
My show starts from 10 to 2.
Where?
What station?
I listen to how you O.D.
Yeah, no, I mean your show.
You must have a show, don't you?
No, I don't, sir.
Well then, like you're telling me what we should be talking about.
No, I'm not telling you.
I'm just commenting on one thing if I could.
Hello, Neil.
All this thing, I'm here.
Don't start getting good defensive, what?
Sir, it's enough with the pubic care police, but now they're having the, uh, the, uh, back of the bathing suit police out.
You can't, you can't explain.
We already commented about that, sir.
Keep your cheeks in your pants, okay?
It's the anal floss police they have out there.
That is correct.
And I have the, I can't tolerate that anymore.
I like to go out to the beach, and I expose my cheeks.
I like a little son.
Sir, we've heard about you, covered up.
1245 at WIOD, we have an open line in Dade County, 751 Nazi.
And the Palm Beach Dead is a doornail now, 278 and 655 WIOD.
And it's for the Nazi that he is.
Hold on.
Let's go to North Miami, hello.
I, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I want to talk to you about fat.
Well, let's do it in a minute.
WIOD.
What is it?
Okay, we'll get spit it out.
WIOD.
Hmm, excuse me, I have a rash of those in epidemic.
WIOD.
Okay, what is it, fat?
Fat.
Oh, I want to talk to you about hemorrhoids, sir.
No, really, Neil, you've been an inspiration to me.
I put on about 70 pounds over the last year.
And when you had your problems there, this is really work.
This new dress system has really taken off.
Yes, sir.
But the Yostard.
No.
It really?
No.
I'm 265.
Well, get where this is.
What's that?
Get started.
WIOD.
Boop.
WIOD.
See, these are all calls from the Broward County Sheriff's Office, okay?
We're tracing them.
And it's amazing how many cranks are coming in from the BSO.
WIOD.
How are you doing now?
Okay.
What's going on?
See, now they're going to try to disrupt the truck programs that don't approve of the fascist,
commie pinko stuff that they're pulling off.
Now we're going to start getting all kinds of crank calls from the Sheriff's Department,
because they haven't got anything better to do.
I tell you, the people are...
We ought to be operating panty stores and getting lingerie and sniffing it back there.
That's right.
I mean, we've been naughty and nice.
I'm a hero for the ads and everything.
Yeah.
It's not a remote at BSOC camera, right?
What do you mean by that?
You guys are going to be there, but you don't have to.
We're going to be there.
We'll do a couple of call-ins on the phone and sign a few autographs and hang out
and get paid some serious bucks in all this time.
All right.
Okay.
I'm going to tomorrow end that.
Good.
Yeah.
How about that?
Yeah.
See, they want to load you up before you go on vacation with all kinds of stuff,
so maybe you have another stroke and you can't go away.
That's the idea here.
Try nuts.
They're absolutely nuts.
Okay.
1247 at WIOD.
They've got lay on the rail.
Things about time we got control of the show again.
Okay, and stuff with all the crackenies.
That's stupid calls, WIOD.
See you for communist, communist, communist.
Hold on.
Now, don't go away this time.
Okay?
Just relax.
We have to do a little break here.
We'll come back to you.
WIOD.
For that, I'm telling you, that Lee Fowler, he's enough to make you want to barf.
All through from Noon to Three, Noon to Three, Noon to Three every day.
Both shows.
Rick and Puzzle tell you.
All these crank calls, traced right directly to the Lee Fowler inside bat line.
WIOD.
You like sleeping now?
Who's this?
Let me say it again.
Who's this?
This Dominic.
Dominic?
Yeah.
How's Eugene doing?
Eugene.
What do you want, Dominic?
What do I want?
I want to express my concern about Sheriff Nick Navarro.
Oh, geez.
I know you'll be in the business.
I know you'll be in the business.
What do you want, Dominic?
Let's get through.
I think you're getting a bit of ponderous.
I mean, yeah.
I think the whole subject is getting ponderous.
Okay?
I'm sick and tired of it already.
Okay?
All you people are so slow that it takes you, you know, when they're starting to cart your family away on the train,
you say, oh, geez, I didn't know things were so bad.
It's getting pretty bad.
When they start burning the cross on your dashboard, okay?
Then you'll understand that maybe you were a little slow in the beginning, okay?
That's good, Neil.
I mean, look at Mussolini.
He made the damn trains run on time, okay?
And Hitler never stole a freight train.
So what the hell's wrong with that?
I don't know.
I really couldn't tell it.
I don't know.
So you...
My buddy Tony, the tiger told me to call you.
He's real nearly.
Okay.
All right, now you take care.
See you, Dominic.
Great call.
1249 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Dave County.
It's ringing right now at WIOD.
You're nobody.
Till the hours of it loves you.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute now.
Just relax.
I know you're a little hyper, but just give me a second.
Okay, I'm not that quick.
Almost, though.
I'm a little bit like you.
I'm a little bit like you.
I'm a little bit like you.
All right, let's really get into it.
Let's see if everybody away from all his next stuff.
Oh, no body.
Till the hours of it loves you.
Oh, God.
This is so small to you.
Till nobody.
Till somebody cares.
Oh, God.
I miss Alex so bad.
You might be king.
You might be queen.
Oh, I'm so bad.
You might be queen.
Oh, I'm so bad.
When you're old, they sound.
Oh, oh.
Till the same you'll never change it.
And long as the stars shine above.
I tell you about the car was pretty upset about this.
When nobody is about to.
But there's a bad desire to find yourself somebody.
Not just anybody.
you know you may not realize that you just made a very profound point I was just
thinking while I was going on sure of Nick is an asshole okay blew it of course
anything should have been banned that's going on here the last several months
that was it okay anything that was obscene anything that was grotesque anything
that was unacceptable by any human standards you just heard it that should have
been illegal that that's exactly that what the hell does that mean I don't think
you can even speculate on the air what they're all that could mean have a nice
day a twelve fifty was he was just gonna start they were just gonna start
and I got him just in the nick the time as they say in broard w-i-o-d I can
wait you out hello yes I'd like to talk to Neil please well how come there was
that long delay I was on I was on a walkie talkie phone walkie talkie well
when you put you on the air now don't talk baby talk okay okay hold on
sir we'll get to you in a couple hours twelve fifty one a w-i-o-d if you're
looking for someplace special to take dad this weekend for fathers day dinner
again up and young twelve fifty five a w-i-o-d West Palm Beach
hello Neil yeah hey listen I got a message from Steve came from you I just got
down here this morning I'll bet yeah he says no for the last time he will never
rent his house to you great good you know so that there was some story you
fabricated about going into the hostel for a stroke yeah yeah yeah
yeah he's just having a fucking friend flanting and he injected it yeah tell me
I'd have an organ brand friend but so far they haven't found a brain big enough
to go in here yeah he's great he said everything is fine and quit lying about
his number yeah oh yeah he's doing it he's up to a one yeah he's up to a three
two he says to tell you is he really three point two really he's keeping the
mysterious ass yeah okay he's got the decimal point the wrong place
bound yeah give a message some customer in tall house okay okay Miami
hello Neil how you doing okay listen just wanted to let you know that you're
doing a hell of a job the last time I saw you was a highly a race track
however job of what a hell of a job of conducting this would you call a show oh
listen well I already know that do you remember a high-o-year race track yeah
vaguely one day you're out there with your buddy Bill uh-huh and uh-huh I think
you had some winners winners I did very well out there yeah I know it was
uh towards the end of the uh with they have a four day meet it was like on the
third day a four-minute meet yeah so um thank you just had a call from
Ilya from the track really you know what he said I'm tired I'm
waiting up but I keep I don't start with that the Kami Pinco stuff but I meet
a senior Neil English a key sir come on cut the crap senior Neil Adios let's go
to uh Davey shall we I guess we have no choice Davey how you doing Neil okay yeah
great show I know I know thank you w-i-o-d hello I'd like to speak a
deal share hold on get whatever it is and you know is out of there okay I think he
hangs out with the stony stony nose doll whatever that is we have an opening
in dates and look at that board now and that interesting nice little pattern
there w-i-o-d co-fuck thank you so much that was but Haroldson I can't believe it
655 w-i-o-d yeah I know and w-i-o-d indeed I thought the nail paint you were
hold on okay let's take a call in sunrise hello wait what what was that what
the hell was that what is it yeah see now we got like eight cranks on the
earth or same time w-i-o-d hold on Zimfar w-i-o-d boy w-i-o-d yeah I'd like to speak
in the open doing it right now how come every time I put you one hold you hang
up I don't you that's three times hold on you still there yeah but it hold on a
second and we have an opening in brown or five two four slime ball w-i-o-d
w-i-o-d driving home the music get out of here already you're getting
pondering okay now let's go some races gone north Miami Neil yeah yeah I'm
sorry it's like every mental ward in the city got led out today yeah what's
your excuse I got to tell you Neil yeah this a food intensive station isn't what
you want I what do you want you want I want to tell you about the cereal that is
absolutely we don't want to hear about it we got two open lines in
brown or five two four w-i-o-d I tell you one thing boy unless you get with it
last time all those things I put away those bits that I pulled out to begin
the show they're all long and they're all old and I'm going to play every
sticking one of them w-i-o-d w-i-o-d
hello you hear that you hear that little oblique okay that's going to do it for
this hour this has been pretty good don't put this on the paper sending out
w-i-o-d yeah let's try again try to get hold of Neil yeah hold on fat chance w-i-o-d
yeah I expect to well sure I bet okay Gail Bright's got the one o'clock w-i-o-d
news we're gonna come back with our incredible one to two hour Rick and
Sluttleby along from two to six to seven on we got support
we're going to do our
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
and yet another reminder god you're gonna have so many reminding you're gonna have to
tie a string around it this Saturday Rick and Crustin I'll be down there
Benson's camera the one down in south-aid on south-dixie highway six blocks out
of the falls the big the gigantic yellow tent sale ten grand in prizes of the
given away there's nothing to buy and unbelievable okay well let's go to a
north Miami hello okay
you know what I think I think mccorancy is turning over into the grave right now
no he's not turning over his grave he's right here he's on her all the tomorrow
is he really yeah he came back with white here
all the well he i think his time is perfect because i think that's what we need
a little carcassism
five five the carcassism life is passing me by
have you ever tried to sing that in spanish we have in spanish
no have you ever tried it me out
we speaking glaze on the show sir okay
we want to keep the least the last vestige of america somewhere in this town
definitely definitely i've been here since fifty eight and
i would love to get out
and i'm gonna miss my job to use to when he out show well listen my little
get a lot worse yeah oh um i was i was listening to
uh Stanley that's my like a shot he's going to be filling in for you
alleged where when oh gee you know he see what bothers me i realize not
not everybody knows can be listening every minute
but it's like some of these things that we keep repeating over and over we just
other put them on endless loop but it's good it's not good it's
boring it's not good i'm going on vacation a week from
friday i'm leaving the randy martin will be here that day and she and
stand will be here the next two weeks after that
you're going to go on for two weeks i'm going on vacation is that okay sir
do you think you should have made some tape you think that the city of
Miami could deal without you for two weeks yes trust me
they'll survive just fine okay oh no oh yes
okay well you have a good vacate goodbye
w-i-o-d i'm paying up for this guy
good one open line in date county 751 w-i-o-d they don't come on to a
clock okay guys so butt load back at you to you too and we have one open line
in the ponby six five five puts w-i-o-d
hold on sir w-i-o-d yeah nil yeah what
hi hi are you there yeah i'm right here
how's it here how come you're so loud loud loud
real loud my phone oh and distorted i'm on right away
you're on right now you want to hold on a minute you are you pick me up cold
hold on he's not ready north by a Miami Beach
yeah somewhere in date county yes see with it and hold on
just before the news i know your circulations about where to stop right
yes this is your buddy from the everybody basketball team i called you last week
from what i'm asking you basketball oh yeah well listen anyway i can't believe it
how about that world cup eh i've been listening all morning and you guys haven't
mentioned one thing about the best picture ever just through a no-here last night
oh yeah good old old 43 years old an incredible no-land picture well it's
needed to be a habit you know it does it all the time i thought this is a baseball
station or something no we don't know crap about sports on this station sir and if you don't
believe me to in the sports talk tonight you know nothing yeah well anyway that bitch you
played earlier about we knew anything about sports will we carry the Yankee games
the Yankee who Yankee exactly rest my case now what bit anyway this bitch you played
earlier was that girl bright singing or what what bit i don't know as well back up in all
officers oh yeah that was fcc that's girl bright yeah is that girl bright before she got married
yeah oh okay how long ago yeah baseball too long my dad used to play over there and i was
wondering what you did not that long what's his name my dad's name yeah that's that his name Jim
caught up no we can't see that on the air oh no no how could i have done a games that long ago
was like 1978 how early i want to access what if you're aware of the game second when does
and Jimmy Fox I wasn't here Jimmy Fox oh jeez come on give me a break i'm not that old pal
you know nellie Fox huh Fox Network i know the Simpsons
i think you had to quote while you're ahead sir well anyway can i do some here yeah i need to call
my brother Dan a douchebag okay excellent job great person Neil see a pal hi wild yeah yeah hey i caught
that uh stand major how wait a minute wait a minute let me ask you a question yeah i don't mean you
but just in general i'm thinking out loud the guy that i had on a minute ago and i picked him right
up remember and he was real loud that was me oh well why did where did you go i call waiting night
it always cuts me off when i messed with that stuff it cuts you off when you mess with it yeah i got it
you know what i'm talking i can relate to it yeah you had to push that thing down okay all right let's go
moving ahead now what is it nellie Fox i i i caught about an hour of stand show last night
yeah i think you got something else at the same time it sounds like it what do you mean go ahead
well uh i wonder no one of this guy needed time to be on hold okay a little slow i didn't need any time
to go ahead hold on a second wild yeah can i talk to me can i talk to Neil what was that name again
Neil hold on a second okay wasn't sure yes uh yeah i didn't hear anybody whipping you uh i heard
about an hour of the show well it was on for three hours well so are you rushing to judgment like
mark lane or you're making some kind of a rash decision here no i'm being objective but you know
for the hour that i tuned in i know something i don't care what they did doesn't interest me
inley but it made for a good little bit of controversy you know who the hell cares yeah
Paul Harvey Jr is off the show yeah i heard your call waiting but you didn't get cut off
yeah i hope because i didn't push it off oh i see but if you push it in you get cut off right
oh i think he pushed it in wild
man green's a bit all right come up with something we don't know where you let's go to
poppano hello Neil how's it going okay i got i got a complaint everybody's walking about
the wall row and the two i've proven i'm getting sick and tired of hearing about it
you know it's getting ponderous it's getting old man
who the hell cares
and the real problem is the swam sentinel and tom jica tom had a great column this morning by the way
oh he did it was a tremendous column but but he's always a big but in every compliment there's
always a big but stand in the way yes and he did put it up at the very end he was making
reference to a group called the skylight vocal band in front skylight at starland oh screw up bad
he probably didn't even do it himself somebody else probably a little type
tom jica use a burst of kami journalist because how we know it i always suspected him of being a
kami pinko provocateur i knew it i knew it i did look at that photo i just knew it yeah he's got
swan stick a written all over him exactly well i'm out of material i may have to myself so i'm
gone by okay listen what herongering says have a nice day thank you okay and happy jivouis
twenty after one and that was terrible that was bad uh w i o d
w i o d hello the nicta varo show w i o d yes yeah what is it speak up sir stand up and be counted
oh yeah a little kacy on the radio there and that's the way we like it repressive and fascistic
that's the way we like it big song and havana w i o d i hear that nicta varo is going to have a big
rally with lots of flags yeah he's going to have a big one all right yeah twenty after one at w i o d
he'll be on the channel of all the music that they're missing that's true you probably couldn't
understand him anyway when they answer now yeah their their reception is just terrible and it's
good that j michael's is over there and well he's not yet he tried he tried yesterday
anyway he tried is he well i'd keep telling that his body is trying to tell you have more message okay
that's right that's part of it and then of course we got feudal starting on waxy on money i know
that brick and clots are going to be doing three and a half hours on that this afternoon man they
they you know they lie a lot they pretend that well as a good guy and they never met him and they
hate him like poison they wish he would have the most horrible accident and like parts of his
body would like to be spread on the seventy-nine street causeway and they would go out there in
rick's cobra and they would go out of their way like an obsturring course to run over every
pan back over it and forth and back like thousands of times just to get their get it out of their
system they hate him like death like poison definitely and they got a point yeah but then the best
kept secret in uh yeah well that's waxy build up for you man just clean your ears out that's true
that's true and get a new hat exactly okay will you have a good day Neil see you bye in fact think
maybe we can talk since they play an oldies now in q a m a little clever little promo would be
got a q tip for waxy build up on the big q we can tie that like in summer the guy who did our
billboard can like stick that inside of my mouth inside all his big teeth he could put that right
in there and he can put it somewhere else too Miami hello yes sir when is this
what on the sia sia so nothing i'm here to complain because i can't believe that the sheriff's
department is really and they're forming the accident what is it now sir that the two left
could they're putting palms on the two left crew i don't think we're about to joke palm that we
don't care because they can't do anything about that don't you understand yeah i know but don't
you understand how these slime balls work sir it's a lot easier to go out and arrest some uh
some sleaze bags were singing some crappy stuff in some flea bag place it's a lot easier to do that
and then get on national tv and make yourself look like some savior okay i agree with you like
jesus and jesus and drag i agree with you is that the douche bag nick navaro is a slime ball sir
communist the communist the communist the is an asshole exactly that well i think you said a better
night did can i can i call to people do you like yes sir wait a minute did you say douche bag
somebody stole that from me the other day when i was listening on the way to the track i wouldn't
want to say it was joey who has no original material yeah i know each bag come on joey get a
life way uh go back and place some scratchy old 78s fdl's looking go ahead Brian your douche bag and
a leaner your douche bag excellent thanks man i deos your next guy i know 29 after you get his number
29 after one at wiod we have it opening and broiled five two four nine four six three five two four
puts i just keep saying that because he's sitting in the other room every he does this every day
he comes in he's got the paper is that let me see what it is is it the inquire or something
oh he's got oh he's looking for a job it's r and r radio on records and he scours to
there and he sits in there and he like uh just the pitters and chuckles and pukes and uh
drinks a little coffee with some uh strange stuff at it that Henry left them and it's great
and then he comes on and really goes nuts north Miami yeah i got something out of the personal
section that i thought you were so loud too uh i don't know i'm just talking in the phone
okay real loud like the instrument is impaled inside your body or something i'll go throught
go ahead by the way i wonder i don't know if his car's cute up
now i wasn't cute up go ahead okay in the personal section uh
thundies my dear oh jeez i don't believe we did that go ahead in the sunday section
out of the front of the sunday hill in the park now oh no wait a minute wait a minute you're not
going to believe who's on the front cover of rolling stone this week who is uh i am so sick so seek
vart Simpson boy your favorite buddy go ahead i'm sorry okay it says and i have the ad in front of me
in roll now in our chronic collar college send name address and telephone number to p o box
one two four eight one Miami florida three three one four three what are you reading this out of
Miami hero personal section this last sunday i was going to call you yesterday but i had to work
and what does he address again the address is it says send name address and phone number to
p o box one two four eight one Miami florida three three one four three great doesn't say your name but
it has a big in-r with hyphen marks on the site probably mister radio probably mr. radio and
paul harvied junior chronic collar comrades of a feather flock together or i just thought you should
thank you sir have a day stay deal and the same to you bye
oh
his name is vart Simpson belongs in his shield the car tuned his liquid from hell
on t v and t shirt he's a love of both works and they twisted hero as well
what the hell are you talking about with eyes like king pong ball and he's head so very tall
but you're a brat
but we like you just like that
the stifson who's a rat part you're a rat
the only one who broke yes you're a brant
from your feet up to your hat
we're sure that's your brant
oh god give me a break will you okay listen if you're under 12 if you're 12 or under
you have my permission to watch that okay if you're over 12 and you're still watching that crap
we've got Steve left some numbers behind some of the best ranks in the market okay trust me
no charge 133 at wiod for lotterdale
no yeah yeah you have a good show today we're right up in the list moment not too bad
right up to go this one yeah uh i got a question for you i'll bet uh could you play the
asshole song what did you say sir yes all song don't say that again why are you live in brown
yes and you're making these disgusting grotesque remarks on the air while you're
mixed is out there monitoring in radio land and the fascist communist the douchebag police are
standing right outside your door pounding the door in yeah and you're making these grotesque
disgusting statements on the radio sir yeah what the hell is wrong with you
what the hell is that on the end of that boy i wonder what they're trying to say
well 37 at wiod you're not mobile are you yes i am well what am i going to do about this break i
got to do now well just three a second okay okay you know all these people calling up
plenty about naked all that why don't they do something intelligent like come time for
election do something about it oh come on like get out of town okay that's what they're not going
to do it i was through this already before i spent 12 years of this knock on my head again
they don't care here sir that's why we're in the state that we're in that's why it's a tropical
depression listening to you make head listen to me for a second my it's my quarter here all right you
look me 137 at wiod let's tell you about Toyota Hollywood
boom
b
on the head
lock it in
okay 140 at wiod let's go to Miami hello how you doing
this uh nick noveiro stuff oh it's getting so old it's actually boring because uh it's not
boring it's terminal i can't stand it i don't think it's all out of their system today you know what
you know you know i just got back from prison i was on the prison football team yeah yeah i
went in as it tied in yeah i know uh 141 at wiod let's go to Miami hello
hey what's wrong oh i don't uh it's pretty depressed you're all mumbling now you know this
thing i'm mumbling you're mumbling no no hold on a second wiod
oh yeah hold on what do you want marbles huh i say what's going on uh all this crap in this
town is this sort of pressing yeah well you know me i'm so negative anyway you know oh well
you have you have very good reason to be negative no i just make it all up well anyway listen i
say we take all the people from New Jersey in New York to move down here i
should be getting there again the hell out okay then back to flush and then send them to
flushing what send them to flushing just the hell out of here or just flush them yeah exactly okay all right
but thank you good idea 141 at wiod where's the sheriff nick from okay let's go to um let's say
we did that one like worth deal Roger yes sir how you doing guys speaking i'm in bulk really
but well that's pretty depressing itself i'm on the job i'm in the construction trailer here on the
job taking a break all right just sorry i think i got a card here i didn't queue up here
okay go ahead excuse me anyways you're gonna have a remote at fixed mall yes sir
dot action what is it this i'm direction from 95 directions from bokeh well it's 95 anyway i would leave
now okay but i need you got to come down 95 all the way until it ends all the way to the end oh my
god it's like coconut grove and then well that's not that's not it now we're in south day we're down in
south dixie highway sunny land i mean that's just the beginning of the directions then it turns
into south dixie highway you keep going and you keep going and you keep going and you keep going
and you see the metro rail and then you want to keep going and keep going and keep going you'll
notice all the empty cars going back and forth and back them and you keep going and keep going and
so 1921 south dixie yeah it's south of the grove south of the gable south of south maimmy it's
the sunny land it's way down yonder in new olene it's a long way yes sir i leave about the midnight
you get some major chronics down here on the job in Brentwood it's Steve who's driving down
right now he's a major douchebag whatever you say secretary here in the yeah
she doesn't know what to think of the show i get the radio on in here i tell her to tell her to stuff it
okay tell her to stuff it okay listen to it you just told you to stuff it yeah
her name is Kathy hey Kathy stuff it babe
okay nail have a nice later okay 143 at wio d that's anybody tells you something you don't like
just tell them stuff it okay just go about your business and tell them the screw off right
it 143 at wio d we have an opening in the browser to remove real fast 524 9463 524
wio d and i guess we could cue this song
oh
okay 144 at wio d by the way tomorrow we're going to be playing the ascensored version of that at
specs let's go to mirror mar hello
pop it up yeah what's his mirror mar here so just pretend hello oh i see it's his mirror mar and
pompino take your pick here's the pompino as they say on a micrinerary show take your pick
hey i just like to say that i'd rather have every new yorker in the world live it down here than
another one 144 at wio d that's getting a good workout for sorry net and rick and pats will be here at
two o'clock this afternoon just in the next time
more in the
145 let's go to a candle hello welcome to wio d
if you missed the joy rebel show this weekend you're probably feeling pretty good let's go to
bloca hello you know i haven't heard let's go to a miammy hello ill i mean that guy did you hear
who was just on air sir sound like pop junior what is it sound it briefly the guy you just
hung up on sound like paul junior exactly was it yes sir can you believe that why do you hang up
why did who hang up you because he's off the show for real history
outstanding two faced sleaze bags slime ball o'jarm provocateur i heard what i heard the show last night
and uh the only thing i remember that paul said was uh paul paul junior so you know is your
fill see you know this is a friend of his no personal friend you probably also know mr. radio
no i don't why don't you people call up Debbie Ellis she needs the calls okay she's desperate i don't
know you'd lower her demographic cut it in half i met him once at a remote that's about it and
uh i i probably you guys got on famously huh no i'll bet i remember they were
whipping through a Frederick so hollywood catalog yeah and uh he made a crack that you'd like to take
it out while you're looking at the guys in the back of the catalog that's all i remember oh a lot's
okay stand thought that was hysterical and that's it he's off the show sir by history
just for that no that's something new that's an addition to see you didn't hear the early part of
the show yeah but i heard the whole show last last night that's all that's all he did hear the
early part of the show then how do you know what we're talking about see this doesn't wash
yeah but i called you and had you call in and defend them right no how much how much did he pay
the only thing anybody ever said was stand stand with a little bit upset because you left bill
cost for rep him the other day and bill bill cost for was a guest what am i supposed to do tell my
guest what to say i don't know that he's a real guest he's got some chronic flucky like Paul
Harvey junior do that that's all there was so in other words stand was a little bit upset so like
like a like a child he comes on again the only guy that promotes him and he starts rick biting the
hand that uh that bleeds him he was just a little bit upset you know what tough cookies pal
tough cookies cost for dough like him there's a lot of people don't like there's a lot of people
don't like me well he thought you and bill were catching up to rick and sad that about it see now we're
getting to the meat of the matter okay the bottom line is he is still paranoid and this this is
true with a lot of people like Joey and certain other people who are friends of mine i won't mention
their names on the air who are jealous of the fact that they're doing a good job that they caught
on that i liked them that the audience likes them and they're upset because they want to be doing
that show well i have news for stan okay and stands a good friend of mine i wasn't going to say this
stan will never do that show if they have to put the janitor if they have to put
don't listen to me if they have to put dumbbell on from two to six they will do it before he'll do
that show again that's not because of me that's because they don't like him okay sir if you got
it they don't like the man period okay stand defense you though whenever anybody calls in but i'm
just telling you to forget whether he defends it i'm just telling you the way it is and he can't
spend the rest of his life trying holding a grudge against the guys in the afternoon or anybody else
because that's the guy nothing to do with him they're doing their thing what does he want them to
fail to make him happy in other words come on and do a crappy show to make him happy sir have a nice
149 at wio d yeah i'm beginning to relate to it only the word isn't a horny and depressed wio d
let me get that job wio d i and let's go to a mobile and date hello how you doing ill
next next question listen i grew up in sunny land and i got good directions on how to get down there
yeah you take the pomato south it dumps in the us one you take a dump on us one okay the first light
is 104 so you had to go through two lights the second light is 112 now as you go before the next light
which is 124 it's right there on the left left it's right down by about that complicate it's right
by pumper next yeah well it's a little bit south of pumper next yes sunny land i grew up by what the
pomato hideout there yeah well why can't you just go down see the problem it's oh jeez how i'm
going to hitly what about five in the morning tomorrow well where are you coming from from
plantation no no i i i lived in tendo and worked in popano yeah what you do is are you whale west
yeah whale west whale take take seventy take seventy five that dumps in the department of i know
and take the department of south but you know to go ten miles an hour and seventy five they give you
a ticket and put you in jail for you i got a quarter of time the cops never show up okay so listen
great great talking to you and i enjoy listening thank you sir thank you thanks for the
the uh whatever it is you got it by 150 a w i o d and one final reminder today because i know a lot
of you have a very short memory all right Laura's still in the building she can go up to lunch
did she Laura downstairs Laura if you are listening Johnny dark that's please bag this you know
she was just in here a minute ago and we'd agree that he's a what what stalks the halls he like
is a creep and he just came in here moments after she walked out thank goodness and said
have you seen Laura's legs today and i looked at him and i said you slimy sleaze bag pig douche bag
and he went back over to the coast to pretend to be mr mellow okay so Laura if you're listening
downstairs don't let that creep get anywhere near you okay he is first he was after gale gale
got married okay and he's still trolling for her now Laura who's already engaged by the way john
he's uh just dying over there okay lock him in lock it from the outside over at the coast
Miami hello nil what is this uh i'd like to know what you think about the guy who you were talking
through yesterday who called and he you had you had made a comment on the two-live crew and you said
what is it and you said you wanted you said you know those guys are making millions off
you know something that mtv right now as you speak they just finished this in the 10th time
i've seen it and i'm only here for four hours yeah over and over and over again i've been showing
this big piece they've got on them they have gotten a hundred million dollars worth of free
publicity coast to coast from all this so i hope that all the right wing the ender
thought who have brought all this about including share of nick and governor bobby i hope they're all
real prox as they've taken a no talent group i mean they don't they don't have minimal musical talent
they have none zero and they've made them into superstars and multi-millionaires and i hope they're
real happy okay yeah i just wanted to know which of you was on one of the colors who you were
speaking to and he made a comment that he wanted to tell him what those little black guys are making
and you put them all really bad so because he was a racist pig sir that's what the hell they wanted
to hear you back to make that what they're going to make what color they are okay right i think
they can't all be little loud listen he's probably washing his sheets right now don't worry about
okay maybe they should make an x-ray this video now called with a pony there you go that's coming
out ios now see black people can't to make x-ray did anything okay music videos because they got
to be good old boys and pick the cotton and just do their thing okay because we be in the deep
south bro we be in the deep south pick that cotton tote that barge clean them floors this is a racist
disgusting the andrthol rotesque horrendous embarrassing push head of a place okay and i hope
you're having a nice day market meal yeah your blood clots what is it your blood clots yeah blood
clots yes what the hell are you talking about your bummer clots what your ass clots meals
do you understand anything he's saying you want blood clots blood clots yes your ass clots
haha
sunrise hello yes i heard when uh nick gets back from going the rollo show he's going to be
disposing of the records that they confiscated yeah they're going to wrap them up in the flag and
then burn them good who nick yeah i mean i'll bring the flag i'll bring them anches okay yeah
me too okay bye bye wrap them up with some little sticks i'll bring the faggots let's go to
uh sunrise hello hey the the royez how are you see when it's the asamico kick us oh uh in your
neighborhood hey this is who the who the man where where's my perverted board off today what where
is the perverted board off who well the what do you know when his sick today and melvin will
soon be off to show anyway melvin wants to do Rick and putz a show in the afternoon i'm not sure why
but the he only likes shows with sidekicks because then he isn't required to pay any attention okay
i got a honey can have a little party in there all day for four hours which is basically what his
job is all about so uh you know he'll be history on the show by time i come back to break here
maybe i'm a bus ticket the buffalo we're lucky up there okay do you want to go with fall
line what you're holding in your hand right now sir we don't care let's go to uh bokeh hello
heal yes sir how you doing today it's a dick perton junior yeah dick
i just wanted to uh see if i could uh be your new chronic heart now that's what our
you
i think you know mark mostly the thing that we play that take up i think because it's just an
arm a Nazi would be cute you know the voice of nick with little uh little spanish accent they're
just a suggestion uh mark mic whatever your name is you go you go and go with the mark mostly
okay well that's going to do it right of time and until soon have a wonderful life and don't
forget the communist the communist the communist the republican puts speaking of that a couple of
real ocean provocateurs will be along next probably do a pretty good show in spiderstan and then
we got sports talk at six oh five and to show you what good sports we are we don't want to hog
the whole audience we got the Yankee game with the red sock seven thirty tonight don't forget we'll
see it's back tomorrow 1921 south xe highway
