The fact that he used to be here twice and got screwed over by Cox broadcasting brutally a couple of times
Or that he worked at QAM. We also got screwed over and they sent him that horrendous embarrassing registered letter that said
Get well soon and don't ever come back to work drop dead or that he worked
Several times in a market at the INZ and WNWS and
Because that's all the pressing. It's all in the past and we're here to look forward to the future like Saturday at called a race track
Right now I'm not going to spend the rest of my life following you around watching you plunge your brains out on horses
you know
Would you get me a two-dollar perfect a meal, you know that's
Would you get me a corn big sandwich here? No, I tried I got a bill. Well when is that stuff?
Anyway, the book is coming out today and we're going to hear and Bill has promised that today
He's gonna divest himself of that phony image is phony because Carson Randy spent many years ago
This is one of the most vicious men in the business and he's right and he's gonna get rid of that phony Mr
Nice guy image and come out and rip the hell out of everybody from boy Gary the Larry King to the
mismanagement team at WQAM and Randy Martin who's just a shameless
troll
He was in here doing the news yesterday
I
Told her a long time ago. I said don't be so pushy
I said because you're never gonna get a job that way and
She said well, I've got it. I got to work. I got a little jappy, you know
And we're also gonna have a very important call to the West Coast
Okay, that's come up a little bit later on. Oh God. That was the greatest
Experience of life. I was better. I heard it. I was up
So calling out there and not having him take the call and having that knit wit little a twerp of a producer. He's got the little
underling
Can I just take 60 seconds? I want to do whatever you want. No, no, no
Wayne Arnold is bringing food today for Bill and for fat rich and for
Arvin I don't want it. I don't want for Johnny dark who's monitoring next door. Let me sit again not for Johnny dark
In fact, Wayne when you come over right on each bag. This is not for Johnny dark
See I asked if I could have a minute and he started to talk and the word for today is garlic. Okay, go ahead
I want to say hello to a couple people happy birthday Dion by the way
Don't be on the birthday today still playing the old war step rocker rollers. Yeah, they live in the past. Hey, it works for Jay Michaels
Really what do you know that we don't know wait till the book comes out today and they have like a point
That's the only reason you're here. You want to see them do so? No, no, no, no
I was gonna come Monday, but you said no come Wednesday. Well, really rip them. Okay
I'll go along with it. Okay, Marvin is good to see you. Thank you so much for your help when I was here before
Marvin was the guy that brought in the ABC talk radio machine didn't tell me about it. Yeah
Anyway, I do want to say a lot of a couple of people because they I don't think believe that I was gonna be on here today
You know my cantony is a born again Christian and it would never lie. He would never know that that's what Jim Frank said
Well, that's what he told me and a park hearing Sullivan said too
Anyway, who also in the parking lot in the IOD news van at about three in the morning four. Okay, I
Want to say a lot of a couple people please
Okay, yeah, all right if you interrupt me. I'm gonna I'm gonna walk out of here
Hey, oh, see I don't have to worry about you writing out of here
Hey listen, I'm doing good. You are doing looks okay. Not great looks a lot better skin back some weight
He's still gimpy 22 pounds. I've gained back. Mm-hmm, and I'd lost over 40 so I feel good
But anyway, and my appetite is just baratious. I can't wait minutes and numbers are gonna be coming now before you go in your little
No, you've been doing it for 15 damn years
Who you try to do Rick Riley? No, I want to say hello
First of all to all the girls rattle in my vent at
Dr. Whitland's office
Okay, now come on the man's keeping me alive the least I can do is say hello to all the girls I work there
So yeah, and
Particularly I want to say hello to Anna whose husband is a Neely I
Think his name is Mark, but anyway, Anna is one of those wonderful people that God ever put on this on this earth and
I want to say hello to her. I also want to say a load of my physical therapist or terrorist
physical terrorist Craig and all of those
interns that he has worked at his place I
Go there three days a week and he's a terrific guy and he's a big fan of Rick and SUDs
so
Anyway, yeah, well, that's his alive and
Well, Yahoo and most importantly the man who continues to bring in my garbage can on
on
Wednesday and on Saturday
the man who has
Altered my mail
Who has given new meaning to the word junk?
My mailman stand I want to say a little bit and the mailman stand stand the music man
No, not stand the music man stand the mailman and what's his name from out of the track?
Alta Cocker Sydney
How come oh we know all cars? How can we ever hear from those people?
I'm not complaining, but you know this when you come on the show you never hear from those people
I don't want to hear from them from Cocker Sydney. No, he's still a gonna send you some ballpoint pens
So to make up for the ten bucks
Anyway, it's 1013 to W.I.O.D.
So hello, Anna. Hello, Stan. Hello, Craig. Anna Perez
You heard this I don't think so Anna Perez an accountant downstairs
We haven't heard this this is awful
I feel that people on one to one
Great. She's a wonderful person. What do you cut off?
Why do you cut all these people off?
You just like you have important crap to say and I don't want to take them all day
If we if we played all of these cards with sometimes I feel you wouldn't get to say ten words
I doubt if I get to say ten words anyway, but all here on the way home is Jews are come all the way over there
And you say anyway last time I'm here you said
What do you think about that bill?
I never wanted you some time to think it over because you've always been a slow starter
Always been very tentative and today he's gonna change that image. He's gonna let it all hang out
We'll be hearing from I'm gonna be my see from Hollywood's gonna call in today
I'm gonna be and the traveling Matt and his father champagne fat Lou with this stupid the 300 ZX twin turbo that they stick him in with a crowbar in a crane
And they don't even know what that is what is that I've never been in the cars
Oh
Anyway, it's not too bad of a walk from here to Pembroke Pines 1015 at W. I. O. D
The book should be out about 15 minutes before we get started Tom Denenberg you saw him you all my step
I almost kept on him. He was tripped over my cane
He came in here pleading what I please promote this and since it is already next Tuesday Tuesday night of next week
July 20th
What's the answer to the question? Okay, we were just exchanging some Larry King stories during the break
We'll save that for a little bit later on we save the best for last what's the Jeff Brooks story
And incidentally what what are some of the things I can say on the air about someone that we don't get in trouble
Pull could I call for example? Can I call them a liar? No, but you can say
I can't say that
You can say whatever the hell you want okay because it's my show
Do you notice how I keep looking at my mind doesn't like it? They can why if you got
No, I just I'm ready to avoid looking at him well
I worked with him and he got that little Nazi mustache one of the few people that ever laughed at my jokes
Well, you don't laugh at mine. I'll tell you that
Anyway Jeff wise hurt them all before Jeff braze at a story. We've got some Jeff braze stories too by the way
Jeff take a ray who much time off bill
Remember that I and see
Don't you remember that no you don't remember that when you're like mother-of-law died or something like that and you had to go with Mary
Suda Tampa and
Jeff braze you would take in a couple of sick days off or something and he said you're taking too much time off
Or say you don't remember that story that wimp that suckling Jeff Ray over at W.I. and Z
See still there. Oh, yeah, he'll be there forever
Him and Tim Williams
Anyway, we don't want to get into that. What's the Jeff Brooks story? Oh, I wanted to tell the Jeff Brooks
So I try to make it very quick because I know you have a lot of call
to
Jeff Brooks when you mentioned him on your show it brought back a tremendous
Is it not that does the car show the syndicate and is very good at it? Yeah, very good at it
crazy for a mechanic
Former gas pumper at Hess at Tampa really?
Yes, he's the pump gas at Hess and Tampa and Dale Maybury at the state of WPLP are you serious a
Ditter show on the weekend and that's how it all started for him
But anyway to make a long story short my mother-in-law restaurant piece and my father-in-law
always wanted Mary Sue and I to be
Where they were and an opening came up at PLP and I got a call
in New Orleans and I took the trip down there and
agreed to do something I've never done before and I would never do again audition on the air audition on the air to
Dumbest most are you listening Randy the dumbest thing anybody can do because number one you're not really doing what they got in here boy
They're big on it here auditioning on the air. Yeah
Well, I'll explain it
Please we let me finish the star otherwise it'll go on and on and then you'll start putting me down
Anyway, I
Went down and did the show
And it was in the afternoon and I did it they asked me to stay another day
And I stayed and I was staying with my mother-in-law. She was hysterical God lover. She wanted us there so badly and
finally on Friday afternoon it was all over and
And I went home there was nobody at the station. I went home to my mother-in-law's house
sat around and I'll never forget it. She said what do you think?
I mean she was like she didn't understand this business anyway. She wants to know Tom Schaeffer and I said no
He used to say what do you think and I said if I don't get this job, Mertle
Then there is no reality. I said it's me and
And a mechanic a car mechanic. I was just thinking of an old guest of yours. I know go ahead and
I said if I can't beat out this car mechanic
I'm gonna get out of the business and she was just oh so happy in the phone rang
She picked it up, and I'll never forget her voice went hello
She was so excited
Yes, he's here just a moment and I got on the phone and it was the program director. He said Bill
I don't know to tell you this but Jeff Brooks got the job
I said you're kidding. He said no was two to one in favor of Jeff and I said why and he said because
He knows local politics
The guy was a mechanic so whenever I think of Jeff Brooks I always think about how he
Made my in-laws
Extremely unhappy. It's not a it's not a big story. Just never
I knew I shouldn't tell
Well, I'm sure when I just then I'd slow it in anyway, he's a great mechanic and as part of you over
You messed up your career like so many others have done. No, no, no
It was just it was one of those it wasn't a great job and didn't pay a lot of money and
Never had that end. I've never had a job made where I would make money like safe you
I've never had that opportunity to really stick it to money is meaningless money and cars and all that
meaner. Sure
The public doesn't want to hear about people making a lot of money because most of them don't and they don't they resent it
They don't like I know I know I don't want to hear it. I hear it all the way down here
I'll hear it all the way home by the way
You should have come to mark as I get paid to mark it is showing my check anyway 25 past 10
The only one I haven't seen at W.I.O.D. and I want your no wait a minute. I want your predictions. Yes
Numbers are coming out about five minutes the first roll of the numbers. Okay rapid fire
Ask me how I think who's gonna do what?
LQY LQY
Up riot radio
WLQY
Lucky third w QAM QAM flat
What do you want to say something about them you entered you want to hold it off because I hold up first thing hold up
Yeah, until J gets in the car. No, it's just you know, you don't bite the hand that feeds you Neil or they still send you a check
Okay, I have a few things I'd like to say about them WFTL
flat the coast
Well, I have mixed feelings about the coast
I like the coast a lot and then all of a sudden they're starting to place some stuff
I don't yeah, I'm having a hard time. That wasn't the question though
Well, I'm gonna skip that one because I'm auditioning WNWS
Another enigma life
It's just a bowl of cherries kiss
Now they've changed the music at life
Yeah, just Collins is put a lot of vocals in there
Well, he says it's just changing to make and the old people's teeth are starting to rattle in the glass
They're getting real nervous from all those vocals and I think they're gonna have some real problems
Because what Dennis starts sticking his finger and that's what my doctor told me he said once he starts sticking his finger and things look out
WIOD IOD I think it's just a wonderful place WINZ I and Z I used to work there. I was
This goes back WCG BCG. I love I'd love there's a sleeping power 96 power 96 lots of it hot 105 in the morning with Randy Martin
Keith Isley can pick him
I thought that was a micronirion in the morning now come you weren't that didn't call in on the micronirion's 15th anniversary last Friday
Because nobody asked me to him. Why can I wear never that close?
Who is? See that's how he stays here all the time. He's like distant. No, we never were that close. I mean I work great
I have a little kind of a loop. He's just he and I we never really uh hit it off hit it off
I mean we didn't not get along. I don't mean that but I mean it was never it was like a
It was like I'm never seen you start drinking that early in the morning anyway
Um, it's like me and your mom. Okay. Your mom has never your mom has no one really said about me
Mm-hmm Joy. Sure. Well, it's seven. Yeah, too far up on the dial. I never get up that far
um
KPX
WKPX pipe or high oh
I you'll never get down that one like that all the pinheads is and boy this guy's a still all right listen
I didn't come on here to try to convince everybody that I was 12 years old and that
You're out of it you're lost
You got a burble out and make a barnyard sound and whatever you say back at your butt load douchebag
That's where it's at today forget about all those pericolour
It is if there's any questions that the audience has about the inside
Working's of this business and especially Larry King if there's anybody in the audience who is owed money by Larry King
Please call in immediately if not sooner. No, but where you line would like hold on go ahead
Nobody in this audience is owed a penny from Larry King
When you filed bankruptcy you don't know many more
Don't be trusted
Now if you borrow it after you yeah, well, that's okay if he borrowed money from your sincere file
Or case since the article in the Miami news that said how many perv underwear and how many socks he had remember that I love that
Stimpson at the time. I thought it was pretty cruel, but I looked back on it in retrospect. He deserved it and then some
What do you say to it? What do you say to it? Oh what you and he are always very close
In fact, uh if I were you this afternoon when I drop you off sit by the phone because Larry's got this important call
That you're going to be getting from Del Sharbert at Beachville. I'll tell you one thing about Larry one of many things
I'll bet and I don't know how you are and maybe it's stupid
But tomorrow I get a national television show
On CNN or ABC or anywhere else if it's two in the morning or three in the morning or eight o'clock at night or whatever it is
Who do you think would be my first guest
You
Take a guess Nelson Mandela
Well, you got half of it right. Okay
You oh
Because I'm the type of person that when I want to I just I would have to have you on you know what I'm saying
If you don't have any talent, I wouldn't have you on but I mean I'd have you on
He wrote a book and he told me bill
You'd only want to never stock by me but the fun
There's a whole chapter on you in there. There's a whole chapter on Joe Abernathy gave me my break back here in Miami
hired me when nobody else would cock strike in the fire him if they brought Larry back
He says too late a part of he stood up for Larry
Well the book came out and I'm going to you know go nuts. I'm in a book
The whole chapter
Well, then I'm looking well. I guess I come after the Joe Abernathy chapter
Nothing
And I don't feel bad for myself
But I do feel bad for Joe because Joe is a guy that really stuck his neck out for Larry
And I used to stand by him and stand by him and stand by him but now
I've had it with him. He's he's a sleaze bag and
The lion
absolute
Unbelievable. I hope that somebody calls him tonight and tells him I said that
Yeah, tell him always bill is said at okan's that a neil because he used to my Senate and then I'll say
Bill called or I remember him. He used to work in his business. He'll say some shot like that
That's always best man am I wedding 15 years ago when I worked here Bob Gordon said in for me while I was
Getting married. Well, you and Bob Gordon are pretty tired. Yeah. Well our careers have crossed
He Lee and all that good stuff King Paul
King Paul is an awesome Paul. I'm sorry
Remember we're going to talk about the big WFTL breakfast with King Paul that almost slipped my mind
By the way, it gets Bill some toast. Ok any kind cinnamon toast now. No, that's I told that story already
That's the most incredible story and so typical of this business. I told it when I was on your show
Last time, but I don't I'd already told it before no you hadn't because I told it to you that day
No, I told it to be it's one of the few things left
I told it before it happened. No, I predicted it. Hello, Anna. Hello, Anna. God love you, hon
King Paul, but he got smart plan. They went back. They went back to what works
What's that?
Failure 1032 at W. I would be now one good thing. Okay, because I know everybody's kind of laying back because we only got a couple of calls
Are on the board. We're not going to take any for a long time anyway. Oh, yeah, I want to take some calls
So I don't want to just sit here and pump each
Hello, there's nobody on there any way in it. Hello
Yeah
Speak up
Get here. Yeah, put them all over. I'll put you on something. Rowered
Hello, Bill. All right
I remember you traveling man
Traveling man
Oh, by the way hold on a second. Do you know that yesterday
Yesterday, I you talk about embarrassing because I confused champagne lu and woody last Friday and I'm embarrassed by that because I'm pretty good on the voices usually
Yesterday that that stunk that super Dave calls a brick and a slut in the afternoon
Had them totally sucked in with a really ridiculous call. I had no idea who it was and then before the end of the call
He says how and I'm at home just seething and before the end of the call
He says how come you're always disin super Dave? Well, first of all, anybody says disin belongs in the institution number one
But and they still at that point never they got to the whole call and they never knew who it was
What is the first caller say the first one? He said
Boo like that. He's put me on hold. He said he's like something. I sound like Beauforteer. Oh, I thought he was putting me down
What is it Matt? I remember Bill from the grade entertainer
Back in the early 20s
Play in the records with Chuck C's though
No, that was seasonal have tell you're thinking of
Oh
It was skipper Chuck
No, it didn't be help
That was who it was yeah
Oh
Yeah, all right hold on a second. Okay, so I know you've got nowhere to go
1034 at W.Y.O.D. and I started to say a minute ago the best omen for the book
Now is it true that the numbers were starting to be fed at 10?
No, I know it takes time. I'm I'm not what
You're not listening to me though. The point is this
It's 1035 already the bad line has not run yet and Tanner isn't on the phone
The only time we hear from my close personal friend Bill Tanner is when we go in the toilet
Which is interesting because last several months in a row we've heard from Bill Tanner
But so far I don't see the bad line ringing it all that could be a very good sign
Good sign because the day without Bill Tanner is like a day without Anita man. It's great
Well, it's like why do I think of them like in the same like a form without Freddie Pearl exactly
Well, we're gonna have a lot to say when Freddie come calls in later
I'm sure and I guarantee he'll have a lot to say right now. No question about it 1035 at W.Y.O.D.
We'll come back Bill callers are very important special ratings day guest here at W.Y.O.D.
Thank you for the bodies are buried is gonna go in and punch Phil cost in them out during the break
Is Phil cost in still here you are gonna be amazed when you discover that we have new vending machines in the cafeteria downstairs
And the sodas are still only 50 cents and we have Phil cost in the tank for that so no mess with Phil
Oh, I never do I've known Phil alone time if you ever say anything about the Broward Mall again
Anyway governor was on before the show is over today
Where the hell is it?
Where's the saying? Oh
I don't hear anybody
Something heads 21 to 11 at W.Y.O.D.
That's becoming it's all because of Bill Carter
We have this gentleman here to thank today for a song that we sing in the shower while we're scratching our nose and
Just almost anytime just break out in the song well. There's a lot of things you could thank me for but
You're like we probably won't anyway let that you want to take another call because you lost traveling that with that
I'm not gonna establish anything about myself here. This mobile caller is gone. Aren't you?
I'm not gone. You're still there, huh?
I'm not paying for it too. Aren't I yeah, what you're used to that? Yeah, well
I had to lie and say I want to talk to Bill to get on but I want to ask you a question Neil
Uh
Where is Arnold
Broadcastle where is Arnold's? Yeah, you mean you really don't know
We don't make it down to Miami up here. Where are you right now sir? I'm in lobster hatchy
Lobster hatchy
Okay, I know exactly wait a minute. I want you're on the year at a very auspicious moment
Rad rich is coming to the numbers are starting to print out. Okay, so any second now
Oh, god, I can't handle the pressure. I feel tingly. This is a big day anyway
Sir, they're gonna cut you up like where are you? Where are you right now? Because I was paying no attention. Where are you?
I'm in lobster hatches up by the people
Animal to what now you want to know about Arnold's Royal Castle for me in Miami tomorrow. Oh tomorrow
Yeah, you're coming down on any five right? Yep, come off at 125th exactly go west young man one block
two
Arnold's okay, okay north west seven that's right on the corner
I mean you couldn't miss it if you were a deaf dumb and stupid
I might miss it like I said
You'll enjoy it in fact they're bringing a whole bunch of stuff in the day and bill is gonna be
Salivating about it and the fact rich is gonna be picking out and Johnny dark's gonna be in here
I have a little fist fight to see who gets the most food. It'll be great
I'm doubling up on your sponsors tomorrow. I'm hitting Armadillo cafe for dinner. Oh excellent choice one of the best
If I came down a little earlier I'd find some place for breakfast
Well stop by my house. I'm not working stop by I want to build all sponsors for breakfast from our Miramar diner
Well they're closed up now, but things will be back have a great thing
Wait a minute. He wanted to talk to me. He didn't want to talk to you at all
He said he lied to get on the air, but he only wanted to ask how to get to Arnold
Let's find somebody wants to talk to me. They don't want to talk to you. Are you not even know who I am?
Mobile in the Grove that wants to talk to Bill Calder. Hi Bill. Hi, see
Listen, how do you get to Arnold?
Cute
What are you driving?
A Ford? Oh, yeah, what is it a 9-11? That's a lady's car. Yeah, is that a Porsche band?
Erred me? Okay, how old are you? 21
You do you know who Bill Calder is? Of course not. No. Okay, see you later
1041 at W.I.D. Marvin's doing his usual exquisite job of screening me. No, I don't want him to
I want him to just show what's normal. Show is his business is usual. That was a
Rick Riley's daughter by the way driving the saying that she was driving a Porsche because it's a ladies car.
9-11 meets a Rick and such today. Boy, you are in for a real tweet
Anyway, we have an open line and day one on a star-eye o' dealine and that's it
Phone's starting to build up a crescendo, but I'm a little reluctant to get in anything too heavy because
Well, let's go. Let's go get a couple calls on for God's sakes because I'm going to be pushing the background here
And I'll be sitting around waiting your fan. Let's go. Let's go. The champion dodler
Even Chuck dodler of channel 10 sports formally never dodler like you do man
Even before this guy got sick he was the slope the slope poke of all time
In fact, I got to tell you this you're moving faster now
Then you used to be for the king try out where they're starting to nip it my heels
In fact, that's what they're saying to w a bc before the cane. We were really moving now. It's like that valley days
I wasn't that we don't want to rip Steve doing you like Steve our love Steve
Really no, that's Steve from Hollywood you're talking about here's a bobby in Hollywood. Hey, Bill. Oh, here we go
Now we got a guy. Oh, you're talking now. We got a lot of you know how much
All men from Texas
They'll make but why did you why can't we get somebody?
Well, these are your colors. That's what you got is all these
Bobby is a special person right Bobby? Oh, well, thank you so much for the call
Little background here Bobby for you
Well, let's do metal
God, I love this woman. Oh, you're so I wasn't married. Oh wait a minute. How's it bad? Oh?
Bobby
Yes, honey, wait a minute. Wait a minute hold up put bobby on love god. We're dropping like a rock. Okay. Is it good or bad?
Good. Oh, oh, he's a three three
We dropped it home a bill. Yes. Go ahead. I think we may need you Bobby
I was going to try to get
Become pies over today. No, not today. No, no, no
But uh, I wanted to come on a Tuesday so that I could make one for Neil to take to his mom
Because I know Neil can't eat them. No, that's right. My mom can't eat him either Bobby
Look at look at that W I N C S three three W I O D S
You were tied for 12. He's gonna brush me off. How are you doing?
Good thing these things I'm doing fine, Bobby. We're not going to be able to do much here
I'll see if the usual place tonight, right? Oh, yeah, we got to go, Bobby
We have Bill Tanner on the bat line now with some more bad news is that Tanner? Yeah, what the hell do you want?
Well, do you want numbers? You go see he went up from a four seven to a five three. That's the only reason
Now are they going to be that bad? They can't be good because the station went down again. You're midday numbers. Yeah, four
four oh
three
12 plus a four
Wow, is that good and terrible
Mornings was four nine to four two and they're bringing me middays right now and I'll give you the what was the last number? Do you remember?
Let's say
um w-i-u-d midday
Five one to a four oh that's that now
Hi, Bill death now
Hmm
EDR did the number did I tell you did I tell you that this man would be on the phone if we had like a deadly book
Okay, what about the afternoons? I don't have that news yet the mornings I have
Yeah, you said Reneer went from a four nine to a four two um, I did I say that I didn't even know that's what you just said
w-i-o-d
As the death continues at w-i-o-d
Well, I tell you somebody up there in Beltsville, Maryland this smoking some strange stuff. I'll tell you that
Yeah, four nine to four two and then oh
I think I'm gonna walk down to the john you want me with me real I'm going this better fact. Hey listen
You know something what that's what's all about the old up and down hi, Bill afternoon three three to a two six
Hi, Bill two six hello who i-o-d
Yeah, well how do we have a three three there what happened at night time?
Don't tell me Yankees went up. I don't know. I haven't uh, oh man. I see is this bogus here? What I mean
That's got to be the silliest thing I've ever heard in my life
Yeah, it's depressing to think that you would go down from Alex
Yeah, I didn't know it was possible
Oh and a culler just wanted to say something caustic and I just wanted to say hello to Bill
He doesn't remember me what's the river I'm a plowler
Hi, Bill hi, Randy hi whoever's there no Randy's not here. He's on
Q-A-M to dig and she's trying to retrace her tracks
You
Say I'm life and then you always second guess me
Oh
Oh
You call my hand before I even get my best
Okay, it's a long car. We don't want to play the whole thing is it's too depressing and we don't need any help today
It's 1106 at good old w-i-o-d
Hungarian Missouri because your mic's not on by the way because Marvin's busy talking with Henry
This is my gun. I didn't hear him. Sure now. It's not I wasn't on the beginning. You're not sure
You know slimeball. Okay, what is it four minutes? That's four minutes long about yeah, we don't have time for those you like
No, where I found that's yes sir in a gas station on the ground floor in a gas station
John in between Austin and San Antonio. I was filling in for some people in both markets auditioning on here. No, and
That's why you're here today how you must have had advanced numbers
No, I'm not auditioning. I'll never audition again. I don't even I don't even know what I want to work again
Well, you sure don't want to work at w-i-o-d again
Well, you're just bouncing back from illness and you've been in a pretty good mood
The chances of my working at this station again minimal are minimal. Well, that's what we said about Stan
And he's on tonight by the way from 8 to 11 tonight
We just mentioned that because he's not about every so maybe you could get a deal like that be on like about once every two three weeks
No, I don't think so. I'm going
in a different direction
East I
Think what I think what we need now to solve the problem
I'm just I don't want to get into a big thing like I'm an expert because obviously I know nothing and we're afraid of this
I need to come on
This is very short. No, I should have come right away. No, it's brief like 60 seconds or less
What we need now is a lot more changes
Anyway, it's 1107 at w-i-o-d see that because they change more than more than you change your
Let me ask you a question. Yeah, while the news was on yes, sir
Did I make a comment about?
Numbers in the station and people did I make a comment that you felt was
Right to the ball don't do it during the break do it on the air right?
I don't know. I don't leave. Don't hold back do it on the air right now
You said that you weren't going to hold back and be the usual wimpy
I'm not a wimpy guy then let it out
You let it out
Well, you you know you put on this act every day
Yeah, you do you come on like you're really letting it all hang out? It's a big act
They ought to find out what you really think because I know that 15 years and
I know the real
I know the real Nelson do you? Yes, sir Mandela
You want to take a caller to here? Yes, please
God, oh boy, you're off a lot of seeing like well. I just see you like this Jupiter. Hey Bill
Yeah, thank you. Thank you for remembering when you when you are on WTIX in New Orleans
Was that till with you then no? I replaced Ed till would you give you an idea where where my career is going?
Are you gonna go back or you go back? How far back can I go? I've gotten sick. I can hardly walk. I'm using a cane
I've lost 59,000 pounds and I'm not working. I can barely make the mortgage
And you're asking if I can go back go back where to what I've never never been like this before my life
Well, Ed till the program directing now of SMB
No, he's not. Yeah, no, he's not. Oh, I know who it is Ed
No, uh
Michael
Ed Kaplan and Kaplan Mike Creezy is the program director there Ed Till is in Chicago at the loop
That's frightening. I know
It'll just show you how far Talon will get you. Yeah, you hear any rumors of Steve gang came going to SMB
Yes, yes, I did. I heard that just I heard it from you
Yeah, well, uh, Ron Hunter wanted to say hello
Yeah, so it is life, but she's in a chance
Central lockup wait a minute. Do you believe that Ron Hunter story? I mean all of us here in Miami
Many of us I should say remember Ron when he was a channel 10
Yeah, but I remember him on the Ron Hunter show from 12 to 4 on SMB on Saturdays or during the day, you know
And then remember he had the crime show at night
Yeah, later night like about the morning morning. We wanted yeah, uh, right. Yeah, but uh, yeah
I remember hearing that lady call must have a lot better aim now than he is. Are you from New Orleans?
What are you doing here?
Well pack your bags get on the bus. It's
Okay, sir wait a minute. Where would you like to go next? Huh? Where would you like to go next?
Ida Jupiter man. It's boring man. It's dead here
I mean very commonly. Okay. Well pericomal
Say goodbye, sir. Yeah, bye. Okay. Good call. That's an awful call 11 after 11 at WIOD
There's an open line in Broward at 5 to 4. Take some more. Take some more
One in Palm Beach at 655 WIOD. We're hoping Larry Birinoff calls in or Ray Marsh before the show is over today
And star IOD for the mobile people who want to glow to about our terrible ratings in the Met's victory last night North Miami Beach
There you go. Let's go
Good to hear you, bro. Well, it's great to hear you. Isn't it funny how the
situations change? Just four months ago
um
I was the big celebrity and you were calling my show and now here I am talking to you
And I'm calling your show. How you feeling? I feel fine and I'm glad to hear that you're feeling much better
I feel a lot better and I'm putting on I put on 22 pounds in the last six weeks and I'm my appetite's back
And I don't say that for those people who remember that I got sick
No, I won't sir
No, no, no, no, no, I'm on life support as it is now. They're not gonna they're not gonna wield this big machine in here
And you're a wild man, though. We know it. And you know what? What?
I miss you and a lot of us out here
Well, obviously come to the book. I can't take you down to show today, sir
What do you think I brought him in here for just to eat lunch?
No, I think you brought him in there to console and just in case news wasn't too good
And it's interesting to note no, I brought him in here so he could talk to his good buddies in radio land like you
Okay, sir. I didn't bring him in here to code my hand. All right. We're doing him and it don't start yelling at the sky
He's a nice guy. Don't don't kind of mop or I walk you must be another rick riley and drag. Okay. This isn't the bill called her that I know
This is this is this is the hothead bill called her
Let him speak let this man speak the man that brought moon to the air with the man that coin the phrase
Bet you free. Yeah, the man who actually do that bobble-loo have a have a place to
For a forum that's right
Yeah, and unfortunately the man who discovered Gilbert as well. That's correct. Don't leave that out
And the man who gave John McHugh you depressed me
Oh god boy, you got a good memory forever for giving for that. Yeah, right thinking of radio drifter John McHugh lived in his car
Out the parking lot at wins John McHugh's a little old DJ who lived in a shoe. Yeah, the lowest voice in radio
Yeah, and what a remember is he always brought his wife with him
Yeah, and she was sleeping at the uh you drive it motel
Oh
Have a good day. My boy is there quite a call
Yes, sir. Get better. Be on the radio. We miss you. Thank you. My mother station sir
They wouldn't have any materials if it wasn't for you when you went off the airbill
Don't start all over
I know that he paid you a lot for this but let's not be carried away listening. What's right is right? In fact
We would be checking the line-up card tomorrow here at 610 you never know he might be penciled in
It drives me nuts when they use all your material bill. Okay, thank you bison
Say goodbye sir, I don't even take your theme. I mean and put their own name
1114 at wiod on ratings Wednesday
Remember a black Friday and dark Tuesday. This is ratings Wednesday now knowing what a even tempered even keel guy Rick
Riley is in the afternoon
Can you imagine what kind of a show that's gonna be is he a big guy or a big guy big guy tough big enough to know better tough mean cries a lot
And the first one I think he's gonna I could be wrong because listen a couple of months doesn't make a career and
They're certainly proof of that but I'm telling you he was expecting big things in that book
I was expecting a little increase not much and we went down even more precipitously frightening
But he was expecting big things
That's a little early and they've only got like a three-week contract
So I'm probably be nervous today psychotics surly hostile, which is when he's good. That's when he's at his best
I want to meet the other guy puts
He's pretty good. He's the talent. Anyway, it's 1115 and dumb question about it
Anyway, it's 1119 at wiod bill and I have the definitive reason why some of these things are happening
But we don't want to go into a near because it would sound bad
Uh back at you. Okay, let's go
Oh, you guys are ripping those guys you know, I'm not necessarily because I like guys and you were out of work too for a while
There ain't got screwed over and you can relate to guys like I certainly come gonna be real soon
But I got news for it doesn't bother me doesn't bother me at all. I'm just gonna travel the world and I got a lot of credit cards
You know by the time they catch up with you could let's go to medley for bill calder
Yes, sir, why is the morning?
We know staco boy. I'm rich. He's got a sour look on his face. What's this is this 25 to 54?
Oh, man bad news go ahead sir while we blow our brains out
Neil listen, did I uh, did I see you on the turnpike this morning getting cut in that traffic jam behind
Bird road no sir wasn't you huh? No, why would I be by bird road? I don't know
I saw a white vet you know with the zeta four like to plan the front no, yeah with the zeta four that was me
All right, by the way is six am to midnight 25 to 54 is a day from a two two or one six
Speaking of which I have a why I have a suggestion for why I am doing all these days. Yes. I think people are finally getting around to discovering
Albreira and what a study really is yeah, that's probably it all what a stud
Jeff braze now I haven't even seen these yet get out of this room now Johnny dark you fat pig
Go ahead sir. I believe this guy comes in starts fingering my come on my ass
You don't even have a real job yet get out of here go back and play your little pornographic
I can't believe this is new you believe the way he comes in here
You believe the way this man comes in here and mr. sticky fingers and starts lifting all kinds of grab get out of here
Go hit up on yell brighter something get out of here
I want to start on this a hysteria. He's not a nice guy's a slot. I'm never seen you get so vicious
Well, I'm starting to act you wanted me to be myself go out. Yeah, but I mean it's been a long time since you've had those k18
No, wait a minute. What did they hit you up like this women 25 to 54. Why the hell do we want that
Look at that midday two four to a one six and women. Well, we don't have any women anyway
You don't think that that month that we had all those pre-pubescent pinheads going up. Rutlo the douchebag and farting on here
You don't think that might have something to do with this sir
I
I just I just have no response look at this men 35 to 44 Monday through Friday 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. from a 10 a to a 6 a
How do you like that still number three, but that's pathetic rich? Do you know how to get to Pimburg times boy
Stand by I may need you I'm driving a homestead. I'm going straight south out of the keys
And I'm just gonna keep driving 100 miles an hour 140. Well, I'm just gonna keep going
Hey, Neil do you think I'm driving to Cuba?
You know, do you think that bill sounds a little like Harry Carey? Just he looks like Harry to his matter of fact not quite as much hair, but pretty close
All right, what's the energy now they're starting to attack guests?
Well, we have to attack anybody who's nearby. I should have come on Monday. Don't you think sir?
Absolutely. Yeah, I told you now. What is this? This is the whole book
So what do I want that for I don't want the old one? We got the new one coming out. This these are even better numbers
Go ahead sir. What is it? Is it good? Sure?
Well, I just want to know if you thought it sounded like Harry Carey. I think he really does
Okay, thanks a lot excellent call
22 after 11 at W I O D he wanted to know if he sounded like Harry Carey next Monday. I'm returning to topics
Okay, and here's Wayne Arnold. What is that a new surround his neck? What the hell is that?
Wayne, what do you got there? I mean the numbers weren't that bad, okay?
Wayne is here to hang Tom Denenberg in the back. We did the respects and of course
His wife was really shocked when she heard Tom was hung
Um, we got some terrific food here now for build callers. See we don't miss around
We give you a hard time. Well, what did I say you're driving down here today? You said of all the places he was hoping
Look at that. Isn't that beautiful
He said that he hoped that Wayne Arnold would bring some stuff
Because he never had white hot. He hasn't had any of your food. He is going to be in for such a treat today
It's going to be shocking
Now am I right and fair rich his eyes lit up like a Christmas tree and I wonder if somebody I don't want to mention his name
Who just got kicked out of here? I wonder how long it'll take before he comes sliming back. Oh, I can't believe he's still mean to him
Well, you know you've always had a have somebody around a whitties with the bird now you always like the bird a lot
And since he's gone now he's sitting over there in Lakeland today the phone is ringing as we speak the bird and a guy next door is
Reporting to him about this four-year in the bird's hey, I told you I told you what goes around come around
Trust me. I didn't care and see him now. He sucked anyway. Look at this man Wayne just went not so today, huh?
How you doing?
Let me let me introduce myself
Oh, look at the watch yourself Troy. Okay, because this guy didn't like to be a slot. Don't spill any on him
Excellent. What is look at the amount of food we got here today? This man went absolutely eight. It's like a snow cone
Marvin sitting crease it a little bit. Why see like extra hunger? Oh, I see in other words after the book comes out
We probably won't get fed for a long time, right? Hey, listen. We don't care. Life is more than an arbitrawn rating book
Okay, with all these ethnic diaries that they hand down what is that right who's that on the bad line?
Birch beer now wait a minute. Do you know who's on the bat line? I have no idea
You are just gonna first of all the fact that he's calling on the bat line is so grotesque to begin with that
I have no words to describe it
Does
Felt tip pens bring back and now what is that because that birch beer because I can't drink that
No, but thank you anyway
Yeah, thanks for the ice you know who it is
I've no idea Alta clocker
Exactly my sentiment Sydney that you want to talk to him? No, okay hang up on him
Tell him or near you'll be back Monday
You don't want to talk to him do about what what does he want to talk about? I have no idea
Well, I mentioned his name before he calls on the bat line because veneerie actually puts him on you
Like you know something about horse racing. Oh, which he doesn't know there's nothing about it
He knows how to borrow money at the track though. He's sorry, yeah, Sydney, but
Sydney believes that the thing that the
Jockies
Tap the horse with in the stretch. Yeah, it's called a sesta
Well, I always said that in Sesta what a lot for a sesta with I called put him on you want to talk to him?
Of course it's a sesta they get those poor horses with yeah
What do you mean grotesque on the line the only thing grotesque is the last horse Neal gave me a call
Yeah, I'll give you I got a horse or a king of dance
He took a right turn and went into the club house. Do you still have your polotas? Oh, yeah
My polotas are still dangling around the house. Yeah, I have a whole
Who know what is this white hot well listen. I was nice talking to you Sydney, but life goes on
Okay, 25 after 11 at W.I.O.D
Now what are you gonna have a roommate discussion here about lunch?
Can't you just eat it without getting a whole of detail?
It's delicious. Hey listen. This is could be the most exciting
They just take it in your mouth and don't ask for a life history on it. Okay, okay
Oh, that looks good Miami
Good morning. Yes, sir. Oh, you today. Welcome to happy days at W.I.O.D
I don't know about that. All right entertainers are returning to the yearwaves tomorrow sir
We're bringing them all back Bob DeCarlo will be here. Hey Brendan Larry King is coming back. It's not a great. I know that's why I said it
Just eat the food. Okay. I'll take care of this little lol Bob DeCarlo was a
Guy who knew how to play golf with management. Yeah, well they're big on that they like like Zagaki
He goes out and sucks around with management and talks him into a lot of embarrassing stuff
Well, and now they'll say oh look at those Yankees man. That's our only bright spot in the station and we'll double up on the Yankee games
We'll repeat him and play him twice
Right sir?
Wait a minute. He is asking me a question and we're waiting for you to respond
Well, I didn't hear the question because you were yapping. He said how you doing Bill?
I'm doing fine. Thank you so much. Well, that's good. I really miss you on WQ AM. I believe me
It's no great loss. Well, no, I enjoyed you maybe not on that station, but I know I've been a lot better on other stations
Yeah, I enjoy we went through the remote up at Ricky's you had there. Oh really? Yeah, that's nice to be remembered
I was Neil said I wouldn't get one call that they would remember me
I remember actually I when you were in the hospital
I had dropped off a tape of Patsy Montana. I was wondering if you
Oh, my favorite my favorite no no no
Well, down at Baptist Hospital, they wouldn't take it at the death. They said oh, no, you have to deliver it
I said no, I don't want to bother them, but they let me make leave it at the nursing station
He was she was on David Letterman of all people
That's right. I heard about that. Yeah, and I heard about that. Neil doesn't know who she is
You know, he's he's in to Deon and all the old rock and rollers
Yeah
Go ahead. You don't stop off on the roof by the drifters. I'm starting to hear about the Miramar diner
Yeah, yeah, and well, and after a lot of bill sponsors. Yeah, well, no, it didn't they closed after I left
Good talk of there. Do you hear that? I can't believe it. No, it's excellent
Now this is goes right on it. I heard sunny talking up wreckage this morning on the micronary show that was shocking
That was amazing. Well, he does a good job
He's a great guy because I'm vacation who's sunny. Oh, I touched on my mic
Just now how is it? Did you eat anything in or are you just?
Okay, so let's so Monday we go back to serious topics here. This is all over the parties over
Okay, well, I thought I'd give it a little bit more. I thought we would bounce back thanks to Rick and putz
I thought they were going to be the salvation method. They were going to be like Jesus and drag and they turned out to be more like
Monty Python. Yeah, I think like you had you pinpointed it when you said when you were out ill when they someone was covering for you
That all the butt loads and back edges
I think that's well, they're just too much too much of this pinhead
douchebag stuff, you know, especially just lost its focus. Well those hard hitting topics lost its focus group
We'll get them with those hard hitting topics. You bet. Okay. Okay. You have thinking float lady because the way and thank you very much
Wayne you really did a job that I thank you see you pal
29 after 11 at W. I. O. D. And what a guy. Hans you ever see so much food in all your life now
Are you sinking your teeth into a Rochester white hot from Wayne Arnold right now? Mm-hmm incredible, do it?
First one I've ever had spicy delicious
Boy, look at the little party we got going on here. This isn't this is the way we are
Okay, it's like Jews when somebody dies. They have a party and everybody eats a lot and the book just came out
We're doing the same thing. Okay. I bet you they are really grim up there
But we're gonna have a lot of executive meetings a lot of gnashing of teeth a lot of hysteria. Am I right?
What what is that? Cheryl gives me like yeah
I'm not talking about your food. I'm talking about the psychosis in the building. I'm talking about all these uh
Upper and middle-level management people who know that the end is near and that they better fire everybody else first before they get there
Is which is coming very very soon? Anyway, it's 11 30 at W. I. O. D. Let's hope would yeah
You have any Pringles and Diet Coke in there. Yeah, hi Bill
Steve from Hollywood is on the phone ladies and gentlemen one of America's truly
Incredible phone callers who's got a lot to say and is not afraid to say it
What does that mean? I'm not being precipitous, am I?
Well, I just said it because we were discussing you the other day as a matter of fact of the track
And we agreed that you have got a lot to say you don't beat around the bush you come right out you tell it like it is
You're not boring and well, I wouldn't say that
You're not
We also like your smooth steady style that's the cato like a rapid-fire delivery
What they do you want your show sir? How about Sunday would be good. I don't like that. You don't like what
That's snow cone
Oh cone what do you guys doing in there?
What the hell? So last time we ever invite this guy back on a show don't start telling us what you don't like
Tell us what you do like who me no
Wayne Arnold just brought four thousand dollars with the food in here. It is give me don't like his snow cone
Did you really have a snow cone? No, he doesn't have a snow cone. He's got a cup with too much ice in it. That's all
Was the white hot bill
I can't believe it built called reading on the year in the studio. Yeah, and Neil Roger. I'm never feeding him again
He is such a grouch. Yeah. Well listen. What can I say you know?
That's how those guys are castle burgers too by the way
Have something that's right like before you're finished now. What's the story?
Steve whatever the hell your name is yeah, so we're bringing Steve came back on Monday
We're gonna have the year-end lady on Tuesday and mom have the so you emulating the you em lady
Yeah, uh, Neil may I say something? We're in every place of you and basketball all during the rest of the summer
We're gonna get back to what really has always worked here at W.I.O.D. You know what it's called Steve? What's that failure?
Failure. You know what I think is happening right now. I think you're overreacting
Who me yep you well? I'm just reacting the way I know that management reacts because they had like six trends that have gone in the toilet
Narrow and they're just not gonna sit back to well
You know, let's just wait another month. They're gonna say up everybody's doing a lot of things wrong
And we better start interfering like crazy before we're out on the street. Don't mess with success
What success? Well, okay, I'll accept that when W.I.N.Z. ties you know that the hand writings on the wall as Daniel would say
It's all over with we're finished. We're done. Wow nice run. We had a good time and I enjoyed it
Listen don't don't don't sound a death knell yet Neil
Why do I sound depressed? I hate listen. I've become the last few months. I've become philosophical
It's like getting caught in a web of mong as somebody I know will say
What it is like getting caught on the Titanic like on the lower level, you know
Raging deck there. They all go down together. How do I sound today Steve?
Terrific bill with your mouth. Well, that sounds great
Hello
When Steve from Hollywood starts taking little shots at you. You know that the put all over it. Yeah, the
Spickel Bill knows that I'm just saying it in jest. You know so much. I love him
And I really admire his style as a person and as a personality
I personally think that the ratings are fixed if you want to know the truth. I've been
Didn't want to say that for a long time
But I think basically that the arbitrage on somebody is being paid off and there's the fixes in
Well, I don't know if you can go that far but if you're serious
I think what happens is as either you or one of the other guys will want on the station put it out
That a lot of the people to get those those diaries either don't know what the hell it's all about
They just sent them in because they feel they know
It's a seven and he loves the book. That's right. He thinks that the book should be put. What do you got?
Huh? What do you got? What do you mean? Just what I said? What do you got? What's your number?
Come on Neil don't be so cruel. I'm just well listen
I can even with them don't I? No, no, no you don't okay. Why is you feel this compulsion to beat the hell out of everybody that disagrees with you?
Because it's fun well also it's because he's lashing up there. You said earlier
He's sort of he's sort of taking the back by the ratings and I think he is taking a back
That was at Zeta and they're still going down
The T.Rs off here. They're still going down
So if you think we're doing poorly, how are they doing? I'm not saying anything about being precipitous
I'm just making observation. I think that I think maybe you're overreacting a little bit Neil
Okay, don't get too serious. So a week from Monday. I'll start there with the topics
Okay, that's it delay of the week listen. I don't want to interrupt your dinner
I just get that nutritionist on Monday by the way
Let's get Jane Donigan with the freaking wig in here and all Sandy's old guest. Well most of them are dead by the way
I'm about out of material. I just thought I thought I was still on her show. I mean you were out of material
You didn't have any material well
Listen I can't get a word in between while wait a minute wait a minute
We never check to see how sandy and Debbie did okay? Wait a minute hold on now
Because Alice went up a little bit to a three four Alice went back to topics. So maybe we better start following analysis
slippers
Do you want to do it Alice?
Unlikely. Let's see here we go. W's news midday two six to a two six
Not too exciting there
Well, we only got a force of what the hell are we talking about you know what they say yeah, what goes around now
Let's see 12 plus let's look at the sandy patent go round okay any afternoon Steve
That's one of your favorites, isn't it what's that sandy two wonder with two oh
No, she didn't give any prizes, so I don't bother calling you anymore. Oh, okay
I'm one of those I'm one of those snorered types
Well, I said Steve that's all we have to report. It's wonderful hearing from you. You're okay in our book. Don't be
Not neurotic, okay? Okay. I won't be psychotic
Don't think it also personally like you used to in writes bill all those psychotic letters
Come on Neil I was just a radio show. I only wrote in one letter and that was a long time ago
And that was not psychotic or neurotic, but it was right on target. It was pathetic
That's the word have a great day. You two Neil so long Bill. Oh, thank you. You're welcome. Have a nice meal
Sure
By the way, and we have another Alex Bennett the thing here. This is out of the examiner out of the real paper in San Francisco
Bad Alex Bennett bounces back in the gay Bay area
It says from his first day in Miami Bennett was made to feel unwelcome. Oh
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Let me go back up a bit
Miami the venue and the market turned out to be anything but nice the worst place
I've ever lived in Bennett doesn't mind saying just miserable
But they do have strange and selective tolerances there even though they've banned two live crew and Tonga bathing suits
From his first day in Miami Bennett was made to feel unwelcome mostly by people at his own station
And mostly on the air very strange says Bennett the guy who came on the air before me was the radio star of the town a guy named Neil Rogers
Well, he's that's ancient history right off. He started bashing me on the air making fun of everything
I did I never heard of someone on your station going on the air you're going on the air to say you suck
Then everyone on the station joined in it was one of the most impossible situations. I've ever been in
I went to management to ask them to stop it
They said they couldn't that it was a freeform radio station
Finally I started blowing my stack on the air. I walked into this guy's studio during a show told him if I wasn't such a nice guy
I would punch him in the nose
Then I don't have the carton machine. Isn't that a bad break after three months in Miami
Bennett was suspended by the station and he walked out
I felt so terrible that my girlfriend and I drove to New York
And I'm sure I didn't say a word for a thousand miles
And it goes on and on and fetching and bitching and moaning and we're going to start doing just like he does
We're going to blame everybody else for our failure. Okay
If it wasn't for that goddamn Henry Barrow and at 11 o'clock news we'd have a seven
Anyway, it's 23 till noon
what
News for drunks and with summer here what better way to cool off them with a great tcb anyway
Let's take another call build callers here. He's in a good mode. He's having a lunch
And you have some Arnold burgers some England burger. No, I'm gonna have one of those next
Let's the mobile's gone they give up on us his Eric
How's it going Neil? Okay, Eric. What's up? Is this Eric come a row? No, this is your valley parker Eric at the track
Oh Eric thanks for pulling up close to the curb
Yeah, holy and if I ever have a winning day Eric then you'll see what a real big tip is so to speak
Hey listen be happy with the 20 bucks Eric
Yep, be happy with that 50 Eric
And don't spend it all in one place so we're gonna come out Saturday again to celebrate the great ratings we had today
I won't be a Saturday like I said we're coming Sunday
What would you mean you're not gonna be there? No, I got
I work at UPS the nightlife at softball tournament up in Melbourne. You have a what softball tournament?
Eric, I think your priorities are all screwed up
Because I have that shiny hundred dollar bill in my wallet that I have put in that special section
That of course is my gambling money. Yeah
Your gambling money seems to be diminishing at the
You're going to the track rapidly. We neither one of us cashed a ticket as a matter of fact. Yeah, I heard yeah, what's good?
So when you're gonna be back Eric? I'll be back Sunday Sunday. We were going Sunday this week anyway
Right bill. Yeah, yeah, we were thinking about that. Isn't that a funny omen? Well, no, I don't like going there and
Bringing him in his weekend condition and just having anybody open the door and carry him in and like you do
Yeah, we want to make sure that you're there Sunday
So that's why you really called right Eric right because you want to make sure we don't come when you're not there
I want to make sure you're taking care of me. You need that 400 bucks, right?
You want to make sure I'm taking care of? Yeah, well, we can discuss that at the car
Now we'll see you Sunday Eric all right and go cubs
Okay, all the way good luck
Bye, bye good kid
Good wise guy, but good kid. Let him 43 now. He's all right. So we're just kidding Eric. We're just taking it out
We're lashing out at everybody. Okay, how come we get women 25 to 54? Oh, that's for the coast now
And that big mouth fat slob Johnny dark was just an area. Oh, they did the breakout. We beat all the AC stations in June
So well, of course, they're gonna go through the roof over there
Which I hope happened soon to take the heat off of us. Okay, we've supported them long enough during all those struggling days of GTR when it we didn't like to
They'll kind of a number is that
Although I guess Jay Michaels would kill for it sunrise. Yeah bill called her
Yes, sir, sorry to interrupt your lunch. No, it's over. Now he's digesting now. However, I have in my position as we speak a
promotional photograph of about 20 years ago of you standing on park Avenue apparently trying to hail a cab without much success
Uh, this is from W. H. N
My god 50 on your dial in New York City now currently WF a N I believe
I miss him the morning as a matter of fact
Yeah, where did you get that?
She always living in Stet Nile in New York at the
For this along with pictures of our here some names for you to remember her boss Miranda sent
Bruce Bradley Bob fit Simmons Bob Jones Dean Hunter
Oh my god
The late Lonnie star Lonnie star you still weekends
I thought that would kick in some memories for you here. Oh, that's terrific
6 to 9 p.m. Monday through Friday. I don't remember what you did on the weekends
But one of the highlights of most of the evening programs was the Willie birds remember the Willie bird
Going up to I guess it was Westchester or Connecticut to check out the herbace Miranda's in farm for the
The evening taking out of the garbage
Oh my god, yeah, I did a bit where I
flew over all simulated over her buskers house for the emptying of the garbage and you heard that
trumpets blaring and here came her but his robes and the
garbage bearers and all that stuff. Yeah, that was a good bit
Yeah, I guess that my wife I guess how to use that again, huh?
Take another shot with it
Call it the Neil Rogers emptying of the garbage here he comes out part of by two dogs and uh
Oh little tiny has um just a little bag of garbage ship
It's cute. Mm-hmm
Okay, well listen things were different then people were having fun on the radio
And not anymore we're stopping as of right now. I'll tell you that and we're off to a good start
Those are the good old days. Yes, sir. Well, you can't the go back. You know, you can't relive the past
That's true. No, Dylan Carly. We're not successful in catching that cab you were looking for
No, I never did catch it until it was too late
I don't know if that's significant of anything. Yeah, did I have a white raincoat on yeah and white gloves
Okay, now that comes from a picture called funny face with Fred Astaire and um what was her name um
The little French girl and it was like her own
Leslie Karoon and
All the way through the movie war white raincoat
That I went nuts for and at a hard time finding and finally found it and I think I'm wearing it in that picture
But right
Yes, sir and I was doing a lot of dancing then
Thought tap dancing in radio
Okay, that's the kind of stuff that got us that four-year sir
So I don't think you'll hear too much of it after today. Okay. We're going back to getting serious. I probably don't feel okay
Take care. Neal. Take care Bill. Okay, let him 47 at W.I.O.D
So all your pinheads all you slime balls that have dragged this down into the a muck and mire with you
It's audio's right starting tomorrow
It's heavy duty World War III talk on six ten your
Combat station W.I.O.D. So you're gonna be one combat boots. I got to say one thing. Yes
I've heard you do topics
Which all of a sudden? I don't know why it became a dirty word because you're doing topics every day
It's just of a different kind just that they don't talk about them. That's all oh
You don't announce that you're doing a topic, but you still give an opinion on something exactly like 20 different subjects and they never respond to them
They got their own agenda
You have done some subjects that we're not boring that we're not you know chiropractors or
That kind of thing. I mean you've done some shows that were pretty
Pretty in entertaining not lately. No
And
What's the point? I forgot now I've got a word in it and you didn't interrupt me. I forgot what I was
What is the panic? I don't understand. There is no panic, sir
No panic at all looks no fun if you can't panic look Neil you've got to relate to see when you do well
Then you savor and when you do poorly you panic doesn't only two ways to react if you just like blasey
It's no fun. No, but there's no panic. Let's relate this to baseball. Yeah, exactly
That's what the toe does. I remember don't panic. Exactly. Let me say by the way don't come back next week's him
Let's get down to graph pack. Yeah. Okay, you relate to baseball. Okay, you're on injured reserve
It came off injured reserve
And simple you're just in a slump just a slump. No, I'm not in the mean slump
I'm doing just fine, but the audience said doesn't want this anymore. Okay, they want something else
They want somebody else. They want to want to be Alice. I think Paul is probably oh my god
He's in Buffalo so they're not going to get him. I rather have to they want something else
See I know I'm not gonna see to apologize for the show because I do the best show in the market
There's nobody even close okay, and I don't want to be the one to say it but certainly nobody else well
Especially Bill Tanner who just loves to rub it in
I knew this for a Tanner was great on why 100 but on power 96 it's just the stupid pre-pubescent the pinhead show
Neil does not knock in that because there's room for a stupid
Pinhead pre-pubescent show in this market especially for ethnic pre-pubescent pinheads
That's what they do on power 96 they panders shamelessly and he admits it
No need to worry the ratings will be back up soon. No need to worry
What is that supposed to mean the ratings will be back up soon?
Very soon look at this here's mid-days and wio. This goes back to spring of 89 a six three last summer a seven
Fall a six winner a five one spring out today a four oh
Four oh they could have Alan Burke here and do a third of that
This to be a favor Neil don't let Johnny dark back in the studio
I'm sure he doesn't understand that I'm serious. He's a creep
He's climbing over a creep he comes in here and starts muscle and all he comes into the building and he's like
Mr. He just takes over the whole place
Oh man
He starts pulling and grabbing everybody's goddamn food and sticking his finger up your nose and just everything
What do you got it? He wants it and I guarantee you right now
My big dog got something that he's gonna get tomorrow too by the way and little sack from Wayne Arnold I guarantee
I get a foil I guarantee he's on the phone with the bird right now
Guarantee and they're just in there. Ah, ah, ah, he's gonna go out of a two and that's come. Hey, he'll be out of his ass
And I'll be working in in canondag with New York like to yet. I sure
Look a couple of old fish wives. That's it. That's it. Have a great day. I do. I feel a lot better. Oh, you're gonna be everything's fine
Everything's just fine. Remember the last guy you said that
See you later
What let's go. I don't know. Oh, I mean, who is it like I know these callers personally
That's bad when you start knowing every caller personally. It means you don't have many callers
No, no, but you seem to know him. I just thought maybe he sounded like a broadcaster
Better nice for Jack McDermott
It's nine till noon to do you want to repeat that? No
Well, why do you want to say all the good stuff off the air?
It's not good stuff
You have you only said the good stuff. Well, first of all, I'm not a kind of a wimp
Not a radio maven. I you know, I don't know what he said was he said that there's something
How was well? How did you phrase it?
Okay, I said and I was going down a list of
of different groups of people on the air over a period of time in this market and I said they all
Uh had something that kind of
held them together. There was a certain
All warmth the certain fun a certain something but a certain identity too. Yeah kind of a right identity and
I think that's one thing that
The station needs here is it has an identity, but it's
Now everybody's like going off in so many different directions
All attempting to do the same thing
That's all Neil junior
Well, I'm not sure exactly whether that
Would be the way I'd put it, but um, that's the way you said it off the air anyway
56 and w.i.o.d. Let's go to
Well because of actually if we hold on hold on. He's not finished
If you take if you take everybody on the air here Neil
Yeah, and put them in an incinerary none of them
Are doing anything remotely close to what you're doing. Yeah
So can't really say we're all failing
So I'm trying to be serious. Yes, sir. It's not me. I'm just a flighty happy guy correct. Yes
Hi, no, yeah
I
On this last one April May and June sir
1990
You have all over
You're what I was working for hr.s about six weeks or so ago at two separate residences one highly and one little Haiti
I saw
diary instruction
books out in the place and just not being used at all and I wondered what areas do the how many thousands do they send out in this market?
2000 2000 so there's one per every thousand people roughly
Uh, so what I'm doing. How do you figure that there's four million people and they'd rowered in Palm Beach
Yeah, but I'm just figuring like how health has two people in the right one envelope. Oh how many households? Okay
But um, so what I'm just ignoring the representional couple thousand people. Yeah
And
If it's going strictly to a Hispanic or a
We can't keep by using that routine. I mean, you know, we've always we've always had the same factor
There've always been the same number of Spanish language stations and always that same kind of fanatic loyalty
That's always been a given so when we did very well we were up against the same mentality
So what you know, you can't keep finding excuses the fact is we suck, okay
Following
I mean, I realized we had that great promotional campaign back in the wintertime with those male outs with
There any reason a picture with his finger up his nose that really did it
Of course these billboards. I think are what put us over the top
I don't think we could have achieved this level of numbers without the current billboard campaign
And personally who was up to me I would bring Sandy Tinsley in here on the air and just blow off a bomb in the building
And I would solve a lot of our problems like in a little in a little room
But I mean I mean
Sure, have you seen our billboards?
And I think the one of my hair is terrible
The one of what?
Well, they're all the same. There's I mean, there's no one that's better or worse. I mean just a matter of degree
Just the question of who's got the biggest ugly teeth
But I wasn't bird that the controversy over was just a just
Just charging a bird or whatever you want to call them
That was that also in the spring time
No, no the birth of a gone since December
And then what about the Alex Bennett
That's well he was only here a month of this okay. You can't blame it all on him
Like to but we can they were here for two thirds of it so it's mostly their book don't you understand that?
Thank you
And he also filled in for two weeks while I was out sick to in a couple of weeks or then
There's a good part of both time periods that are their book. I don't want to lay it on their shoulders because Rick Riley are coming here and cry
But we all have to share in it together so we're all responsible for this
Desperate dismal failure for the sliding numbers for the demise of the current management team
For all of the really depressing morbid tones that are coming through your radio right now and you know what?
Tough
Okay, we got Chuck Meyer here with the new WIO knee-nose Chuck son a good modi's going to Chicago with us if we're still here
Attention came on shoppers. We have a lost little girl
She's 19 years old all burn hair green eyes
36 24 34 and answers to the name event
She said she lost her daddy and needs a new one
Will all prospective daddies please form a double line outside the manager's office and please have a recent
Bank statement or stock portfolio with you. Thank you
Sometimes
Sometimes I feel
Like people
You show
Like a child
You can help me get by my friend
They'll call her on radio
They'll call her on a radio
Maridio
Okay, mr. Carter is
Um
207 at WIOD on a wonderful Wednesday. Hey listen. We're not going to be bothered by these little let the
People who get paid to be in management worry about all these things and figure out all the answers because they've had to
They've had so many answers already since I've been here that got only knows they can only make it worse
Uh anyway, here he comes straight from his appearance at the guest room at the Ramada Hilton on the corner of 79th and this game
What is it?
Somebody knocked over what?
Your cup oh nice some slob was in here just the mung doll over the place. Oh boy
Kendall
Hello, yes, sir
Yes, I want to talk to build
Bill uh, Alder
Are you sure now? Yeah, uh, I'm
Okay, well the way you said it we're kind of like tentative on his name
Yes, they're called her if you'd sit down in that chair and not worry about the if it's wet
That's the way it goes. Okay, it goes with the territory
This gentleman would like to speak with you. Can we get you to do that?
While he's dawdling he does what he's doing what he does best or he's dawdling and stalling around share
I'll take care of that. She's very good at that
He's still standing
I don't even want to say it
Hello
Hello, I'm dying over here. Okay, see I knew that if we waited a lot of it was he said he can't wait to hear you speak
Margate hello. Yeah, let's just pick the bill call there. Yes, sir
Bill called or um, you guess that you have today
Uh, want you when you leave the studio?
Why don't you just drop off your resume and application? I'm sure they'll be evaluated
As of the ratings this morning. Yeah
You know, I'm a first time caller great
Are you sure you're gonna say are you paying any attention? This or are you still worrying about that coffee on the table there?
Call her just a little bit you can't
You're always been there with your little little things throw you okay?
You can't worry about that like when your horse falls down in the middle of the backstretch
You can't worry about things like that you have to just keep moving on. I want to thank Cheryl for
Forget about Cheryl. Okay. Cheryl is in the world of her own right now
She's in for a tough week call for you know, it's for you. Oh good morning
He's already finished saying what he had to say. What did you have to say? Go ahead sir
Uh, long time listening of yours. Thank you
Where you on when you you went dig Wilson with together
You're listening to it right over you i.o.d. Oh, okay, and sandy pecan was on that at the time. No, she was on a1a then
Oh, okay, but then when I came back to when I came back the second time sandy was on
Oh, okay, I
I think that's greatest time. They've ever tried to listen to her. I'm a service truck driver
And I used to pull over the side of road lacking so hard with you and big Wilson. Yeah, well, I'm a funny guy
Well, so I'm sure
Not anymore though, and I'll tell you something interesting you bring up a point sir
A lot of people say my doctor has said go back to work go back to work go back to work
And you know something
I'm not sure what I want to go back to work because
With just a couple of exceptions
It's it doesn't seem to be as much fun anymore everybody seems to be like
I can't even think of a word for it, but uh
I don't know like just over the last couple of years it's gotten
I don't know kind of too professional too commercialized too professional. No, not too professional
It's just yeah, I don't know it's just not as much fun. I don't hear as much fun on the year
I punch around and now I'm not working you know, I have time to listen
Yeah, I'm outside of rick and suds. That's it. Yeah, that's the only thing to listen to now. No, I listen to them
I listen to you gonna start in on them now. No, I do I listen to them. Yeah, and
They're great. I agree with you. They're gonna do it and they're kicking ass and
So I wanted to tell you your playing his tongue so hard that there's blood all over his dead years and all over his
forehead
Me and Neil yeah, that would really me as his sidekick would be like
Maybe one day every six months would be good. Not too much. Have a great day sir
Thank you. We've had some great moments. So we've we've been
Winds was the best. Yeah, I was doing eight. We had night bill was doing midnight to five in the morning
We had the cross over that's see we were having fun having fun and I at periods have had a lot of fun here too
And lately I've been having fun here again, but the only problem is then this stuff comes out and you look at it
You say I don't believe it because like everywhere we go everything we do we have these enormous turnouts
I'm not talking about just pimple-headed geeks, but I mean like
You know living in the shoe store at 79th and that was exactly man. That was fabulous
um
No, but really we have like at the ballgame and at all these remotes and everything we do in the sponsors just get tremendous results
And so if we if we were like losing the audience like flies like this stuff would indicate to you
There would have to be some barometer that something go along with it and it's not there
It is just you don't feel it you follow what I'm saying. Yeah, so but you can't keep saying for if you're gonna talk about ratings on here
Which I've always done you can't find excuses forever. You can do it for a couple of trends or something like that
But you can't do it for six or seven months
You have to say well, I guess that's that's ancient history now. Let's go on to the next thing, you know
What is the next thing
Well, I wish I knew oh, we shouldn't think it's called retirement anyway 12 13. Let's take a call in a minute when you said that well
I think you're ready pop a no. I'm close. I really am. I'm close. I'm getting old in. I am too. I'm ready to retire. Just need the money. Yes, sir
How you doing today great? Yeah, you know this place has a real quick care
If you promoted drinking and partying and smoking dope and eating crappy unhealthy food and all that kind of stuff like the
Rest of society your numbers will probably go up, you know, but the fact that you're healthy now and you're on the right track
People don't want to hear that they don't care about that. Well who the hell talks about that
I don't consider to talk about my health all day. What does that got to do with my show?
If not in other words, they liked me better when I was a big fat slob and I used to sit here shoveling food down my throat
Unfortunately, I think that's the way they all have all the way to I agree with you, sir
I agree. Well, we got anything left in here. No nothing. Okay. No, I agree with you, sir
You've that may not be the whole point
Look, I want to tell you the world's most depressing man Marvin
Rob bar this man in there is so depressing and he's agree
He's not gonna say it's just like when the first person called a few months ago
I said well the bird you know the bird added about as much to this. I know you're side tracking your side
I'm not gonna come back. We're not talking about the bird. No, I'm not you know, it's like who's the he's just
Getting to suck along with this. No, I can take a very funny guy. Everybody attack. I don't care
I got it. I'm going to do it. Who's the guy's work with Steve Kane? Who's the guy that played in fatso?
Dom Deloise. Dom Deloise
The more weight he lost the less entertaining he became the healthier he became no question about it
Neal live longer, etc., etc
but
Don't you agree?
The more weight he look at him. He's going right. Oh my god. No, I'm serious
I think it's true too because like the way it is now inside if you don't party you don't drink
You don't hang out with people that are unhealthy. I want to associate with you anymore. Exactly
And it's a small part of it, but I think all right. All right. How's this?
See now that's how they're gonna roll can and Elyberg right in my mouth
To the bacon. No, I got to bacon. See now off my now you now you're really gonna get the order
But I stopped doing this because I would hurt it was bad radio
Yeah, but no you didn't wait is he halfway to Louisville yet or what?
I told I want to I want to repeat this because I said several months ago not just like yesterday
But several months ago. I said given enough time boy giri and his evil twin could turn this into a parking lot
Okay, and I wasn't joking when I said it everybody thinks when I attack management
It's a joke, but I was serious and I got news for it. I saw six cranes out in the back
Biancing the towers off and working on new yellow lines for more parking spaces for the people of channel seven
So you know, don't think it's all a big joke, but this is this is really good though
The bottom line is your health your health is more important than any rating. No, Ron's right
It's a little bit wrong
Your financial health and you can only have that with big rating
Listen you you said to me just I can handle another stroke. I'm we healthy enough now
I gotta get back to work guys take it easy. Okay. All right boys. You ran off good collar excellent calling Marvin agrees
He wants us to pick up my reason he agrees he wants to eat is he wants to fill his fat face here every day
No, that's not what Marvin's saying Marvin is saying what Marvin knows about radio you could put in his earlobe in that room for the
So he dies out there in the control room there the unsung heroes in this business
Yeah, there are no ones that put all these pinheads on here. That's right. Marvin takes a big part of the blame for those couple of months
We're all we have a
I'm dying all the here. That's it. Look at that. I'm splitting all over the goddamn microphone. Excuse me
Sandy would never have reacted like this and look what she's got about a point two
Tampa
All right
That's the liberty collar ladies and gentlemen
Hold on
Keep him on for laughs every now now. He's having a great day. Where's his job?
A that job at ABC liquor's how's that holding up for four seventy five an hour? See the great thing about this
We can talk about this all day. I still get paid a big check every Thursday
Although they did mention to me. I think Disney said before that tomorrow they ran out of checks
I think that's a hint
Anyway 1217
Boy these are great one more close one more call. I got to do a break. Oh, okay. No. We'll take another break
Is that okay with you sir? Okay, hold on
Miami
Yes, but is this a just a build hello. Yes indeed. This is Orlando Orlando Orlando
Orlando Orlando
And now this is Orlando build
Orlando I just want to say I want to thank everybody
I want to thank everybody for like a
It's staying by me and my family and like a helping
I also want to thank my good friend Nelson Mandela
Like a week, you know, we can't tell everybody by like a week and make a maybe a non-profit organization
And like a color something like a
Tharwares Inc
You know, no profit
No profit. Orlando. Are you listening to the show? It's an excellent job, but I remember you money money money long time ago
Just right that polish freighter. Oh, yeah, I remember you. I used to get you fired up, right?
You chose this build you and fought with you
Fat Wilson. Yeah, I remember him. He was right. Yeah, real good fellow play the piano. Yeah, remember
Well, he buried him in a piano ball case so
And a big one because he was money fight
Money fight. He know like Neil who gone
Nutri systems iron and and feel better and sing like that. Five was a five person
And look what it did for him right? They got him money money money money people right all right listen Orlando
Nils that near you have excellent program. I believe you're gonna come back need you're gonna rebound you back
Make it just like me and say a little your daughter for it. Don't be just a second. There's nothing against unemployed people
Look at me and you we know I have nothing against each other. We don't have job, but we happy okay
Okay, you're landed nice here and from him. Thank you, buddy
Thanks a lot. It was your land of parapar 1219 and W.I.O.D
We have an opening in date county where you're landed just hung up now see now we got this mobile on here
And I should take the break, but then if I don't you'll hang up right?
Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, there's me. Oh, it shouldn't break. Yeah
Yeah, I just want to know I just got in my car. I want to know what the ratings were
We don't have them anymore. So we've burned them
We burned them and known in the Heinrich Himmler incinerator
Well, let me ask you this thing. Can you tell us who improved so well that you fell down if you know
No, it's got nothing to do with who the other that's the bizarre part of the souling the other stations are still
Well, when's went up a little bit if you believe that, but that's not our audience and
That's it
All right, they should have that went up had nothing to do with us. Yeah, I mean like W.E.D.R
Oh, that's good state
Yeah, right and why 100 and though those they have nothing to do with us. It's not our audience
So I have no our people are just dying. I guess they're dying young these days
I'm listening you're dying over here
All right, I've run out of material, sir. Thanks. Obviously
20 after I was there some having a white hot now, which is delicious
What a little hot sauce. It's like old times. Listen to that you can hear all the dials coming back in
Can you hear it?
Yeah, the boards full now man that did it just and I'm when I finish this
I will have a little stroke, but cut it'll be well worth it. Yeah, these are delicious. Here's a mobile in the Fort Lauderdale
Yeah, with Bill Calder on 610 W.I.O.D.R. to great Enter Tuners
Yeah
Neil
First time call the extremely long time listener. Can I tell you something sir? Yeah, we're dying over here
Well, now you have to this call you won't be dying because I just had a six pack and whatever you said about Arnold is true
All right now question is
What do I do with new systems if today I had a six pack with a
first beer they'll blow your brain. Yeah, you'll start over tomorrow. Don't panic. You mean tomorrow's another day
All right, keep walking away and the time is right. Okay, thank you Neil
Thanks for the call sir. Yeah, thanks for acknowledging our good pal Bill Calder who's gotten screwed over here twice at W.I.O.D.R.
And got the brush off from Goy Gary
Did you want to tell him here?
No
He's covering his ass now because he sees that all these numbers are real bad. He's still got a glimmer of hope somewhere
No, no
You said you were going to attack boy Gary on the air who didn't even the courtesy of returning your call or your tape
Just give you the brush on
No, I don't feel badly about it because my tapes are see a boy Gary thinks you were talent
I want to tell you right now. You're in big trouble
Let's go to isn't that right sir
Fort Lauderdale
Hello
Longon Marvin long gone here's a mobile in North Miami
Hello hi
How you doing wonderful? Oh, I got right through that's great. Thank God. Well, don't say it got right through
It sounds like we're dying. I mean we only have one open line now
No, it's so difficult for me to call you
It really is and I have an important question to ask. Okay. You have an important question to ask
Yeah, something like that. Must be related to Alex Bennett
Um, Neil I wanted to know if you think would be a good idea for my husband I'd go to Amsterdam in October
Mm-hmm
No, but it'll be cold. Yeah
We're on napkin by the way
Sure, anything else I can get you so just a napkin would be fine soon make it snappy would you like a check?
I mean that's good open it up and write your autograph on it just an napkin
Yeah, now what is it you're going to Amsterdam? Tell him what you just said again
You know I say I
Didn't hear it. I save all my money for Eric at the track. Okay
Now what is it you're going to Amsterdam? I'm I wonder like all these pauses see that's the problem the audience is like so
Has it a don't hold back what is it?
We can do it
Yes, I said yes by all means take a long some warm clothing. It'll be a great time
Yeah
Stay at the Barbison Palace Hotel right across from the central station right in the middle of all the action
And some antibiotics
No, not an Amsterdam. They need these she's married
Yeah, I think if you're single take along a lot of heavy antibiotics. Okay. Believe me
Okay
Great call great call
Oh, I'm well, I can't I'll be what Bobby with the with the spoon uppercut knows, but what the hell 1226 and W.I.O.D
Let's go to Miami
Yes
Yeah
Got a little problem is getting the cord untied from his neck tie yes sir speak to us
You there now yeah, I'm here, but I don't know what you're doing. Are you speaking to us?
Are you like playing a little ditty in the back? What's the deal?
Sir
I'll give them the number I'll call back
Well, I call for Bill. Yeah, well good, but Bill can't speak to you unless you get rid of all those stupid customers and get with him
You're loaded you're doing more business
Yeah, well, you know, I'm an insurance business. Well, I tell those people to screw off. Okay. There's a calling from from some insurance flunky place go ahead speak to them
We I used to know you my father's jack was
You know who you're
He said you he said the you know he said Neil no
Bill Bill and what you what your father same jack was
Jack was yeah, you know Valerie's old bow
Never heard of any of those people Valerie's old bow jack
You're as wait a minute
Jack the the mailman
And this is his son. Oh
Oh my god
This is almost as exciting as our call from Cynthia Gonzalez
Is as good as the last call about Neil should we go to Amsterdam and should we take any of the drugs with us or do they have plenty over there
Let me taste something is nothing I can do for Stan
I think you guys are like a great team. Yeah, the villain Stan. So he doesn't want to continue this conversation
You just gave me the high side he said cut this guy off immediately all right come the off no wait a minute
The reason I say that is because I I felt there was a little wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute sir hold on a second
Okay, you know, it's real interesting how some people conspire
But I saw Nick come in here a second ago and set another microphone up at the opposite side of the table
And clear some of the white hots and they re off to the side now
I see somebody sliding her ass into the studio
Letter to is now going to come and sit down on the show and warm her way in again
Okay, which I find to be one of the most outrageous and grotesque acts of
Vulturism in the history of broadcasting okay, I told her that I told her
Believe in he's been saying all morning long back off a little bit Randy. Don't be so push. He don't be a jab
And she just can't control herself. I did I told her that
The other day all of those wonderful summer evenings with Jeff Chase have left
The redellable mark on her brain and she just can't run that was eight years ago. Well listen goes to show you what a big memory
She wants to wiggle her way in between you two hunk
Yeah, she wants to warm her way into this program and there is no chance. I work alone
Then that'll only she wants to sit in this chair
Thank you. Okay, sir nice talking. Okay. What was the purpose of his goal?
Kilocouple minutes
1233 and W.I.O.D. while you and the Randy have a little over union over there. Let's tell you about Nutri system again. The
Okay, well, listen, we might as well get all of our system today because this is the last day for fun and games
We're going back to heavy discussions tomorrow. We're going to talk about Orlando Bosch
And Juan Bosch and Holi and Javier tomorrow it's going to be heavy-duty. I'm not kidding. I'm more screwing around because it's it's over
It's like more downy
You know, you have to recognize when something is over when it's run its course and go on to the next thing
I don't want to get into anything. Okay. I'm just a guest. Well you said to me. You were going to read it all hang out
You've never given me a chance to do anything but eat a
What do you call it?
White hunt and
That's it
What do you say pal
Okay, hold on let's go to Hollywood. Hello. They're starting to come back to you. Hollywood is good. There's nobody ever on that line six
Miami, hey, how you doing great? I just
tuned in as a work and I missed the numbers. I will be you don't want to know I don't know
They went down again disaster. Oh god
Disaster total utter disaster just like the world has crumbled at our toes. It's all over pal
For me. Yeah, no
Yeah, so what's wrong with that? Oh my god. What's wrong, Neil
What's wrong with one the numbers they suck. I know
Hey, I've also got a dog. Debbie's got a two six. I don't hear her going on here and crying her big fat ass off
She's got a two six
We're going to the graphics that are post death. I don't hear her whining about it
She's got a large ass. It's good enough for her. A four is good enough for me. Okay
And the afternoon was down to a two six. I just mentioned that again
So Rick will have four hours to talk about it. Oh my god. I also got a dawn spy report. Okay
She was on Rick and Freddie. I heard it. Yeah, I heard it and then I heard them say that they were whining about effect
She was one of their callers. Oh my god. And they heard her call this show one time and right away
There were having a fit Rick Riley was because he thought she abandoned them
Oh my god. That's 17 year old twinkie that called the other day nice kind of a valley girl. Oh really?
Do you get every good to pick Trevor?
It's it's coming. Oh really? I mean the picture yeah, I'm gonna tell him what you look like new bed. Okay
Well, I'm gonna I'll give you an honest opinion. Okay. Okay. Have a great day. Bye
20 to one at W.I.O.D. Boyz moving along pretty quick. And I'm having a great time
Seems like we've only been here what for about 14 15 hours and that we appreciate lyric King calling into congratulate us on the numbers
That built-hander man. I'm gonna tell you he's a piece of work piece of something
Wait a minute. What do you mean mobile hello? Hello?
Yes, I say sometimes I feel the all-fot version. We already did that. No, you did the burn version
No, we did we did sir blowing out your butt. Let's go to um
Well, hey listen, I'm not we're not doing that anymore. Okay. That's what got us to the point where we're at now
And it's ancient history see what we could say like penis on a year like I said the other day
Then it was okay. It was exciting. It was shocking had big numbers all these idiots were listening, but now that we can't say that anymore
The blooms off the rose Pete
Right? Don't ask me okay fine. I can't believe how he clamped up in the car coming
Like Denny Bergen in heat man like a hummingbird and now that we've got here the man is totally clamped up
Uh, he and Randy were whispering into the ear about how good they would be between 10 and 2 on W. Y. D
Knocked this time on sass bring Gilbert in his sidekick. I listen. I'm wise. You're you're you're a savage
Oh, here's bird number three now
You said it
Very weak right sir?
Yes, you there's the real thing. We don't we don't accept sloppy seconds on his show Miami
Yes, uh-huh. I got a battery for you. Okay
I was just driving home and I was listening to the coast and Johnny dark is promoting uh Arnold's white castle
Yeah, I bet he is and he just said he'd need a couple of dozen of those white
I got his view Johnny dark wouldn't dare whisper one word that isn't in the format on there
You can bet you you could bet your life on it okay. They even said try the nearly burger. Mm-hmm
Even you said that maybe is that desperate okay? What I said that's how desperate he is to suck around here for more food
Oh, yeah, hey, guess what is uh two psychic free on ESPN
You got to put it on okay. All right. Bye. Good luck to you. Yeah, fat chance
1241 at W.O.D. Well listen now. What do you make of these calls? Okay? This is what I talked to where we are
You may be honest with you today
Overall the calls on the scale of one to ten about a three oh
Okay, let's go to a let's in Steve called here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Hi. Hi. Can I talk to Neil? Yeah, just a second
Okay, the nil yellow. Hi. Hi. How you doing? Okay. How are you?
Okay, do you spag? Oh, I'm not a dish bag
What do you want?
What is it?
ma'am
ma'am
Hello
Hello. Yeah, what is it? Oh, I was going to say hi
Me and I have to listen to your show all the time you have a husband. Yeah, god almighty. What worth the address? We sent him a sympathy card
Yeah, he would appreciate that. Hmm. I'd bet can't believe it. Yeah, I mean I tell you
Well, let's see, you know, I wanted to tell you man. I'm the looking for a job all over the place
I can't imagine why you can't find one man. It's really tough. I know man. You know, what do you do for what do you do for living?
Well, but I've had psychotel skills, you know, in the basic silly stuff
The basic one you know, psychotel skills filing stuff like that. Oh filing. Yeah, well like your nails. You mean?
Yeah, man
Well, listen, it was my talk and say okay man. Good luck to you man
Back at you a butt load
Yeah, and you wonder why we got the four in the miracle we got anybody at this point wait till they see the next book
1243 and W.I.O.D. your psychotic station, but the sisters are not too happy today. Let's go to um fort lauderdale. Hello
You do it. She's just beginning. Okay, hold on. Let's go to a corral gable. Hello
Hey Neil, don't worry about your ratings. You're doing great and what's still called?
No, what kind of a comment is that? Don't worry about your ratings and doing great. We got like a point
0.02 and don't worry about it. You're doing great. You're getting better. Don't worry about it.
This is one of those suck-a-long comments that the people in the audience say well we're in the verge of going bankrupt
No, you're not you're not gonna go bankrupt look you're driving around in the new vats
Yeah, why are you think it's paid for?
Well, hey look a lot of things aren't you see that's what happens to everybody in this business sooner or later
They start spending money freely and living the high life and that lasts for about five minutes
And then all of a sudden they pull the plug and you're like you go to Florida bankruptcy center. It's all over with
Yeah, but look Neil there's only three American stations on that am now. So you guys are doing pretty good, okay?
But anyway, what's going on? You do have that is a point. I never thought about that. That's the point
Yeah, think about it. You know, an FM is gonna be swallowed up pretty soon too
So you know we haven't got much more to go. What's Bill calls are doing these days? What's he up to?
What are you up to Bill?
What is
Well station wise the last time I heard you were on WKAT and I
Come on way back now. Yeah, this is a guy who's giving me a critique on the business and you aren't KAT
Who is this Howard Primer? No, no, no, no, no, I don't know what Bill's doing now
You know now, huh? He's waxing cars for Jack McDermott. Okay, okay? Hey, listen that little comment about Alex Bennett yesterday and public
That was a great one. I was on the road and I didn't have a sure was too bad. We don't have anybody listening to hear it because we come up with some good stuff on a show
You're doing it. Don't worry about it. I read the bird. You're gonna be all right. Okay, okay?
Good life, but
Well, hey listen, I can hear the dials clicking it back in between eating the food
And burping once in the bird on here man. They're all coming back look at those brow headlines not a not a tickle on
Broward 524
WYOD
I can't believe we haven't heard from champagne. Lume my good buddy. They're probably trying to get him out of his 300 twin turbo
With a shoehorn. Well, don't look at me. I'm just trying to make it till two
Oh, you want to go now or in a quarter? I know happy birthday Dion
See if things get rough always have something in that machine. See
What's that
Yeah, we get a lot of calls on this show too. You're he's impressed. You seen all his lines flash
Wait till you hear him. You'll be less impressed a mobile on the starline. Yeah, how you doing? Okay, I got a job for that lady. I'll bet
Hey listen. Yeah, man. What's going on with the rating?
What what is that? What kind of a question is that what's going on with the ratings? They're sinking like a rock
How come
You're what what is your answer? Oh, can't instead of asking. I'm out of answers. What is your answer? This is what it
Yeah, this is what he
Well, that's part of the reason
Let's go to Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah, how you doing? Okay, I go to a school downtown. I'm going to summer school right now
and
I'm 15 years old. Wow
And
That's that's one big thing. You need the younger audience listening, but I'm sorry
Well, what does that mean? That's one big thing
Well, if you got the younger audience listening then you have about 80% of Miami
But then again if you talk and Spanish you don't know a young people in Miami
Don't you know instead of we had a 90-year of young people we'd have a one because all most of the people here are post-death
Don't you understand that?
You don't know what a schmuck I look like in the middle of the material station
Laughing hysterically from your face. You're wrong. I do know what a schmuck you look like. You're absolutely wrong
How do you know that? Well, we have one of these phones that will your picture comes up on a screen. Oh really?
Yeah, and I would zip it up if I were you okay? Oh already have a great day pal
Good call finally 1247 at W.I.D. What are you shaking your head about?
I heard those calls on QAM with the traveling madden as cousin for half an hour and then call back three times
And Gilbert and donut Mike
I mean, I realized we can't live up to that standard
What happened to this way? What happened to the good days when we used to have those great
guest to used to come in on the show like an I and Z huh?
I don't know. I don't have any answers. There's great comments. We're I'm
Limb
Well, we know that let's go to Delray. Hello
Yeah, okay see see that's what we got one we got a good call of the real thing on eight and now that's like the third one
It's got to you people are pathetic. It's not W.I.O.D.s fault. It's the audience. You're about as an original as their fruit fly
Okay, they have no original material. They're like Joey Reynolds. Okay. Everything they got is washed over used in the husband
I've never met Joey. Oh, thank god. No one of you're in a good mood. Here's a mobile on the starline
Hey, what's up? Neal? How you doing, sir? You know what? I know why you're reading this went down show sucks
No, the show that you're great. You know is these piecehead guests that you have on the show like Bill
Like Bill exactly like Bill. You had that shf. Harvey junior last week
That that that that alone is gonna bring the ratings down right down the tubes. Yeah, you gotta just
How about wait a minute? Let me ask you this do you think some good calls might help him?
Oh the calls usually pretty good. I've had a listen every day faithfully and you know the calls
What I said including this one. Yeah, well, no, this one I'm not saying my calls are usually you know, you know
Week a little below average maybe week but uh, you know usually the calls are pretty good
But I think if you were just hanging there on your own you'll be fine
In other words don't have Bill called her on exactly. Oh get lost you jackass. All right
Finally it took almost three hours to get him to show his true colors. He'd love to be on this show
You make up you'd love to be sitting here in the chair show them right on your throat and acting like you knew so you'd love it
You
We got him all we got um, I wonder if that's yeah, that's how a loop a lot of them are like on a loop
So things get slow we just put them on and walk away
It's a good one
Girl
Il
Haha
Oh
I can feel it coming back now we're getting back now folks don't don't lose faith
1250 at W.I.O. Dean will be right
Okay, I wanted to hear that so I figured we'd pass if I'm cuz that's our crowd there a bunch of simple things
What do you expect is it possible that most of our audience has already been put away? That's possible
Something to think about unlikely. Let's call Arcadia and find out call 53 at good old W.I.O.D. Who's that on the bat line?
Was that like another personal call? I?
Hang up on the bat line
Bad son bad son wow
Probably clockers Sydney again. Here's a mobile on I 95
Yes, sir great
Just a quick suggestion what Randy was over at Q.I.M. She used to have read from thing called a quail report
And there you got some good, you know pretty good political humor there. You may want to try reading from that
Ask Randy she has a subscription
Yeah, I didn't say that huh oh come on in other words
I'm gonna start getting material from Randy now. Are you putting my legs sir? It was pretty funny. Yeah
You know, we know you know the kind of big cup famed, but this year is we don't want to talk about the cup too much
What are you talking about where hot as a pistol? We won three in a row man. I know kicking ass
Well, we need some pictures back. Well, don't worry about that take it one day at a time
The jury Damon had a good game in his first game in a minor minor
Miners and as soon as he comes back, we're gonna trade him so fast. You won't know what hidden between the eyes
You know Carl Springs just put on a GN great
Outstanding good just in time to see the rest of the cup games with no pressure, right?
Okay, all right. We'll see if we can steal out material from Randy. Okay. Okay. Thanks. That'll be the day
1254 she has she's become a barracuda
I think you did this to her because from what I understand she was a very unassuming low key type of person
That's what Jeff she was fun to work with and a lot of fun over there, but all of a sudden she's become like a
Hungry hungry starving
She just kind of hovers over and then she like stands behind this chair like she's real cozy with this chair
Not those chairs over there. No this chair. She wants to be in the driver's seat
Sunrise hey Neil hey Bill. Hey, hey. Hey guys doing okay
Man, yeah, I'm in the hospital. Yeah. Yeah, what hospital?
I read and I tell you okay. What do you mean? What is it? What's the year I would tell you?
What what kind of hospital is it that should be reluctant to give the name on the air?
I just don't want to have any problems
Okay, but let's move on okay, because we're already depressed enough and so far
I have the microphone to my forehead. I'm ready to pull the trigger
Yeah, yeah, hey, you've been Neil great
What how much weight did you lose?
400 pounds 400 yeah
We kicked the champagne luke the show. Yeah
So what's the purpose of the color must be something more than this because you come
We're kind of like me andry we're not going anywhere with this
Okay, have a good luck to you. Okay, Neil bye Bill. Oh, bye. Oh
God
1256 I think I need to go in maybe I can get in the joining room with him
Is that that's puts right in there is opening up the bag and
I have never met you and there's a rally with that hostile hysterical look at his face like oh Jesus
Call they're gonna do afternoons now. We've only been here like no
Oh, listen, I couldn't too many stairs
Yeah, that's true. This this place was not the funny part of it is they were building an elevator and as soon as
Rick Riley found out they were building an elevator and they they stopped the construction sit out a minute Rick
What is it? Oh, yeah, the ones that have the call letters
Cross look at this look at this cute. Yeah, a little black patch. They're supposed to wear the patch around your arm like an arm band
Why what are you all depressed about you only being here a couple of months?
I'm doing you say his mic is an on Marvin his microphone is it is I don't hear him do you hear him? I hear him
I can't hear him at all well speak up. Hello. Oh, and I'll hear you. Okay. Thank you. I don't think your mic was on
You're just covering for Marvin. I know it. Well, he's got a potted way down because he thinks I'm gonna get hysterical
Well, he knows you know you're a temperamentian
Right now. Yeah
Two six gotta pay attention to your friend. Oh, I called it a four two but this station. We are not hey. It's not
It's not us what I agree. I'm not saying listen. I'm not apology for anything that I do
Because I'm great
You okay you tell me every day god damn right
I mean what the hell else is there in this town? You look at all these stations with these numbers and it's a hot world
I would add slimy music. They're playing in all this other crap doing the impression of me you're getting hysterical
No, I'm not I'm just telling you what what what is the alternative? Okay, so you know this is bogus
What it's better going flying up to Beltsville, Maryland like the late the cast rule would have done and said let's see those diaries
And what's going on on a thumb through that
Disney and boy Gary in the brain trust and those putzes up and they'll be sitting around in a big conference room
gnashing and pairing on with pictures of all of us throwing darts and you're oh yeah
He's just painting the ass and this one. He's just allowed mouth and this one. He's doing too much of that eating on it
I'm telling you the rest of all being here. That's the way they operate here
Bill's gonna a lot of rest being a guest on the show. I had to try this. This is you don't you get the same numbers have gone down
You don't see Phil cost him coming in here much anymore. Do you like he used to sucking around he knows he knows when somebody's on the way out
Things are gonna get better. What does that mean?
Why you think they're gonna leave us alone long enough for things to get better?
Get the tea bigger. I think what we need is a lot more changes. Yeah, I think what we need is a panic attack at W.I.
Now you got a sofa leather sofa and a
Well, I sold it just before I came into that chair
I gave it back
No, 14. What is this the trading post you?
You know
Just a minute you want to get on our show. I'd love to talk
Well talk about the sofa on your show camp trying to stay at least over a three
When you were talking the other day about the trading post and how it doesn't work on this stage
Yeah, I almost called you because many times Stan and I went to have Stan. I would me when I'm really desperate
We have commiserated about the fact. This is the this audience doesn't respond like any other audience in this market
I'm not talking about other markets. This is a strange audience the IOD on it. Yeah, I like the trading post
Anyway, we've got Chuck Meyer standing by with a one o'clock WIOD news
We got a good sofa for you by the way of knockout incredible for like a chair
I got a chair for you. Yeah, and we got a chair for Randy too. Okay, we're a little surprised in a when she sits down
Anyway, Chuck's got our one o'clock news our mammoth one to two hour comes back and when we come back after the news
The ratings are gonna be up as a matter of fact. I think we made a mistake. I think we read them backward
I think that 4.0 was like a zero point something
I'm talking both y'all and this is the one to two all
There isn't a day that goes by what he speaks with me on a phone every day that he doesn't rip you guys for at least a half an hour
Anyway, it's 106 and WIOD it likes you personally just thinks you're show sucks
We have an open line in Broward 524 bill and the star corder line is also
Now why don't you admit it? Okay. This is a we agreed to turn over a new leaf
This year a new leaf
And let's be honest you think that they're doing my act and they should do their own thing
Whatever no, I said this on the air. I do not think they're doing your act. What do you think they're doing now?
Come on jump ahead. Okay back at you
They're not doing your act and I you keep saying that all these people are doing your life what you said
Not on the air this would see what you say on the year and off the year are two different. Well of course. Oh
Yeah, that's something to think about maybe that's my problem
Okay, we got two old news talking Broward 524 WIOD what loves you guys I do
I do and that's why I'm so disappointed in heaven. I've been arguing with you about that for three months now
I said these guys are gonna kick ass then the book comes out and it goes in the
way that he's still blaming Alex Bennett. Yeah, well and when
October comes and we're all three of us out at the Camilla's house standing online
as an as an as a
Disinterested as an outside of the room. Yes outside person
I don't agree with him that it's all
Alex Bennett you can't go through life blaming Alex Bennett for everything sounds like a good idea though. It's for fees to
Orlando boss you can't do it
Yeah Orlando Bosch blamed Alex he did I heard the speech everybody blames Alex city is a comedy every if I had the ability
To I take you out here right now kick your goddamn teeth in
Secondly
Yeah, the only comment I would make and I
Probably will offend some people by saying please
So okay, yeah, okay. You advertise yourself as a news talk station
And then everybody spends all this time talking about so and so well
They're not a talk show host or this person's not a talk show host who this person's not a talk show host
And I think that's in Congress and in other words if you're not if you're not gonna if you're not going to
Have people who are talk show host. Yeah, then don't call yourself a talk show
I just call ourselves the entertainment station
Well, you know when we were the great hour that when we were the great entertainers
We hung it on that and everybody had a good time and that was that was our you had Larry King on a station
He wasn't a great entertainer. He wasn't even a mediocre entertainer. He's just a freeloading cheap skate
That's another story. Oh
Okay
No, you know what I'm saying it doesn't it's like
And you had one or two others on that station who worked great entertainers too, but I don't want to drag you into that
Discussion no, no, but the point is I understand you had a thing there was a an umbrella right and
And everybody was under that umbrella we were the first people in town to do crossovers
We did crossovers like crazy everybody thought everybody loved each other. I never I never got along with Rene
I never thought big Wilson was the greatest talent that ever came down the pike
I never thought Larry King was Mr. Wonderful. In other words, you were the great entertainer. I was the great entertainer
Exactly now
We finally took me almost three and a half hours to get that out of them, but now we've got the truth out
That's what I always said. Did you ever I want to ask for a dish?
Did you ever stop a thing about what might have happened at a radio station for getting this one?
If
If you hadn't left
Yeah, like say think about that. Yeah, I think about that
I think about it with QAM like would they have gone oldies if I'd still been there? I don't think so
In other words one person can make a difference. Can you see Zeta? I do mornings
Rick and Puts do midday you do afternoon and stand as night on Zeta
Unbeatable talking entertainment and fun little bit of music. I'm pretty unbeatable. We have a great station
And I don't want you know, I don't want to start getting across singover
Yeah, across
See that's the problem with this station and we do a little bit now, but with Alex you couldn't cross over because it would be a fist fight
So that was impossible
And I notice Hank see Hank is the one sports guy. I mean, I love sunny sunny is a great guy
But on when he's doing like sports talk it's like cut off from the end of the station
Certainly when Joe is doing it's cut off from the rest of the world
But but Hank like I noticed the other night he was joking about the management keeps saying we don't want to hear these
Nealisms about in the area and he's making the joke out of it a stick
And there's like cross over with you about do you hear the guy with a Corvette the other night and he said or with the
Said in nine love the audience woman car the audience likes it and also makes the station like a family exactly like a family
Like it's all related instead of these isolated the separated choppy you know like well
We got the dolphins over here and we never the twain shall meet
And they haven't had that here since the great entertainers true, but it's only been a couple of months
What give a time to catch that well look that's my point. I don't disagree with that
But you know as well as I do right now they're in a cold sweat
They're sitting in their swig and see Grums is seven right now like it like
So to pop keeping busy. I'm serious
So we get this thing back on an Atlanta man. They're doing the two apple quick step
There's like a line 40 yards long to the john up in Atlanta Cox enterprise. Are you crazy?
And they're all saying well cheese for paint rogers all that big money
He's got a stick in four share and with these guy naft know we're gonna be the great thing
You know the way management people in this business think in the way they overreact
I was told if we have any more changes here we might as well get the
Shovels out and start digging for the parking lot. I was told when we started here
They're not looking for anything from us for a couple of bucks
They realized the damage that was done. Oh, and they're gonna wait. They told me that they said that they did they
I think you said it the Atlanta. She's not here anymore. Boy Gary. Boy Gary said that
Oh
You bet
I wait now. Are you saying that boy Gary admitted that he's a lung head and not in those words?
No seriously, but that he actually understands that he screwed this radio station up badly
He realizes that I was still suffering the fall. I'm not gonna sit here and apologize for what I do
And sure we got some moron callers on there, but this is a fun show. He's gonna enjoy it
I'm not gonna come on Monday and start talking about hemorrhoids again
Tuesday maybe
You know what I think diversified a little bit
Is because you are so popular that a lot of people on other stations are stealing your act. So it's not
Unique totally because they borrowed a lot of your stuff
People on other stations. Yeah, well not on this one. No. Okay. No. I mean
I just want to
Talk about defensive and paranoid. I think he'll pay me a great compliment when I was looking on the way in
I know he didn't mean it, but I want to point it out and maybe maybe he was being to see he was
He said you guys are a better man. Let him say what I said. He said he was listening. He tunes around
He said radio doesn't sound fun anymore. He said outside of Rick and suds
He said it doesn't sound like people are having fun. Whether you like the show or not we are having fun
We're having a shot and you're too stupid to understand. Well, maybe so a dig maybe so it's like a sarcastic dig
Really good then this
What are I but you would be finished wait a minute. I don't need an interpreter here
I think you do you're in Miami. I felt good about that. I'm not paying any more bill. This is Miami because we do have a good time our stage
What I have a good time too. I know you do who the hell am I like chop liver now?
Oh you're gonna have a compliment please don't be cool
He would never compliment me because he knows that I've got a mammoth ego and I make a lot of money and he isn't gonna do that
Until he needs to ride to the track. I just said I appreciate I
I found a phone Friday at a photo. Say you know you're sure yesterday was pretty interesting there a couple or he won't say
I was good, but he'll say there were a couple of pretty interesting callers because when it gets toward the weekend
He starts sucking around because you know Sunday we're going to the track again
I've known him 15 years we worked together at a 27 radio stations this month this year and to this
Moment that's now what he's gonna say is a lie
I know what you're gonna say. I've never complimented you. That's a lie. No, it's okay
I have gone on about him about the show on I and Z at night
I've gone on here about I got screwed over on the station. Yeah, but that's not the one you didn't let me finish
To say you hung around with him for 10 minutes. You're not the show does he play music?
He plays well, I should have asked her. I thought I'd what does he do? He in other words, he doesn't do a talk show
He never did a talk show
Oh these bozos here man. They brought this guy and all he does is that
Reduces come and see if we right with you
Wait a minute. Are you busy? Yeah, I really have to answer another call. Okay. Hold on. Okay
You're nobody kill somebody. I better get the right car to the machine. Uh-huh
Somebody loves you
Oh nobody
Is somebody
Get in the right room
Nobody
Is somebody
If I had the ability to do I take you out here right now. I'm kicking god damn teeth in
Yeah, yes
Lori, how you doing?
Yeah, cut that back a little bit back there. We want to hear Lori. We don't want to hear all that raucous rock
Right right Lori? Yeah, we don't want to hear all that noise
We call we call to speak to you
Okay, so what's going on Lori?
Yeah, we're on the year on W.I.O.D. and Miami Alex's favorite station
I see I see and there's this big article that somebody brought in from
The Marin independent journal, which I guess is one of your really big papers. Yeah, not really
Yeah, Alex is just and he was on TV. I guess on Friday
Or last Friday. I don't know. He's just all over the place. It's amazing and since he's such a he loved Miami so much
In such a big fan of the station and me in particular. I thought we'd call him check in with him
Well, actually Alex can't talk enough because he's on the air
Well, I'm on a year too
Well, are you like blowing the off-ways at what you're doing?
Well, wait a minute. Did you tell him that I was on the phone? He knows
He knows them on the phone and that's why he won't come to the phone
He doesn't do smaller markets
Well, I have his resume here and it seems to me that he once worked in Reno, Nevada
In San Rafael
Yeah, well, wait a minute. In other words, you're ending the conversation. Yeah, because I had it
So I can't ask you like what kind of a show he does out there. He plays a lot of music or
But you don't really take phone calls on the air. I say you don't take any calls on the air
But you just don't get many right?
Right, well, like who's on today
I mean like Roger Craig from the Giants
Uh-huh. Well, that's pretty exciting
Well, they're doing it
Yeah, they're moving up a little bit and you had who you had Cisco and the eBird?
Boy, for you guys to monkey around
Well, tell them we're gonna work real hard so one day we can work in a big market like that too, okay?
Give him a big kiss on that forehead and tell him happy 50th birthday
Okay, by Laurie
What a piece of crap
20 afternoon at WID you know, it's run the whole you didn't talk to smaller markets
There are news for it the biggest market you were in in your life was public
Anyway, we have an open line in
Hey kids if you thought Peewee was fun tune in this Saturday morning for
He's playhouse
Boys and girls welcome to
On his playhouse today's world is oozy watch
Wasn't that fun
Meet some of our knees friends like Terry the Teradacto
by Terry
Yeah
Consider yourself extinct wasn't that fun the fun never stops at aren't he's playhouse now
Let's go over to the talking head hi head yo, okay head tell us the future okay
Your next movie is gonna stink oh really okay kids let's sing hi head hi head
It's time to eat some lead
Don't miss the Saturday morning madness on aren't he's playhouse don't go away
We'll be fast
I can't believe it. I just I'm rubbing off is it in the air it's not a kind of talk about the fact that he was the one
But Henry was in here before I off the year. I said he was the one
It was funny and a man in the street not Larry King Larry King has never said a funny line in his life other than low
Me 50 million dollars
I said that many times and I just got through saying a moment ago you were the great entertainer big Wilson was a nice guy
Well, I let him into what I said him up for it. Yeah big was a nice guy
But he was about as exciting as yesterday's chocolate milk. He wasn't a great entertain. He was
boring hello big hello. I mean I granted. He's dead. He was he was a nice guy who's one of the nicest people
I've ever known I knew him pretty well now you're missing the keyword and that that staff though
I agree with everything you say about everybody that was out of the
The keyword was
Balance everybody was
Yeah, well the second show
No, if there was an umbrella and everybody was different under the umbrella exactly
But like I said the other day yesterday when I went through one of my many tantrums that I've done this week
And I think that this bears out that I'm doing it at the right time. I've been here almost two years now
There has never been one meeting
Okay, I'm not talking about where Alan Anderson will call you in and play your tape and critique you in front of everybody and rip your ass
That's not a meeting
But I mean just to sit down and just to
Shoot the breeze and exchange ideas and and like develop a report
Renieri comes in here man 10 o'clock in the morning. He's out the door like a weasel
I mean, I like Michael I he's a good guy. He and I get along fine
But he's out the door man and he like there is no crossover whatsoever
I mean even this week like with Sonny I'll be sitting in here all of a sudden
I realize he's talking to me on the air and we're doing a little stick back at fourth why not we always use to do that
I and Z we do it here
Why not the audience likes that it develops that kind of thing you're talking about here
It's like us against them even Steve and I used to do it and some of the audience hated it
But was something to talk about oh don't let Steve come in there anymore
But it was still they got into it see is you gonna come in tomorrow?
You're gonna let him in on the show, but here it's like man. It's like never the twain show meets like more
The how are we talking? I don't know
Be ready. Hey killed about 15 minutes. Oh, but it's true. There's no
Image but it's coming back. It is coming back. You can destroy you can destroy a whole life
You're missing it. You know, you know, you're the same guy that came in here during the news break and told me that story about how you were on the air for like four minutes
Some station and they canned your ass and then they brought you back and they gave you enough time and you built like a five-year
No, if you wanted to tell the story I said I said the beginning of the year here
somebody will recall I said
Between the bird being gone and all this other insanity that's gone on I said I'm really starting over again
And I knew that I didn't realize it would get this bad for the whole station
But I feel like I'm starting all over again. I said that several times well it's a challenge because now we have to start building a whole new audience
What I said and the audience should understand this because you talk about arbitrarian a lot is there's an arbitrarian lag
We are so secondary in their lives what they wrote down and what we're reading now is what happened four to six musk
A lot of habit you know that they don't keep a log they don't sit there and if they drive them away
How are they going to be around to notice that there's a change well be through those great billboards?
Well, that's throughout about I have forgotten about that
What I had said was teeth and town when we had started at this other station we started two weeks after a book
We gave it we went out from a two three to a two four and they canned us
They brought us back let us finish out another book and at two four one two a five one the next book
You gotta let it settle in they just were so secondary they could care less and when it comes to
Dictating our lives with what they fill out. They don't care. It just means nothing
Anybody in this market really believes that people under the age of 65 are tuning in big numbers to I and Z
They're crazy. They're nuts. It's not happening. It's not gonna happen
Can I make one I and Z is so boring that even my dogs going to a coma. Yes sir
To me the ideal situation is a winning a lot of it that I go back
To a guy named hot grams who was a general manager
You're gonna let me finish anything today or you want me to just get up and leave I know you can't do that. What was the name?
Let me finish hog
Hod in right he was a general manager of KSD in St. Louis and they hired me
Away from another station now listen to the camo x
Right the first book came out
And I went into his office and I said how did I do how did I do how did I do
He got up. He shut the door to his office
He poured me some scotch
And he said let's have an understanding. Yeah, he said we hired you because we like what you do
Let us worry about the numbers you do what you do the best
If you get off track, we'll let you know about it
But don't worry about that book. We don't live or die by that book
Can you get that guy back now when did you get camp?
No, it didn't get. Oh, okay, but I mean the point is in a way
I think he made a little sense because it's gotten to the point now where everybody is so
Freaky about the book
Freaky well, I'll give you a good example. We talk about the pluses and the mind is gonna talk about ratings on a station again
Ever tell it. I'm not no. No, I see that would be no ever period. I'm ending it today
Why because I just because I think what he says is true like dick per I give you an example dick perton indy trot
I think it's one of the greatest talents and you would go along with that in the country's a funny guy
He's been in Detroit for years
He is had I mean his numbers are fairly good not phenomenal but good
Uh JP McCarthy beats him all the time JP's about as exciting as this cup. Okay. I mean he's got a great voice
He's boring, but he's on wjr
He's been there forever in the morning on the same station
He gets enormous numbers and perton can't beat him. Okay. He gets good numbers
But not phenomenal and yet he makes enormous amounts of money. They sell out his show and and I happy
And I think what you're saying. I think what you're saying is if you know you can become so obsessed with this that it becomes like a neurosis
Exactly, and I think that's what it's become yeah, I'm somebody called me at home last night and said
Get me those numbers get me those numbers
And after I met my father could it no calm not at all and
I thought about it afterwards. I thought my god. Is that what we've come to in this business?
Numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers and when I went to work at Q.A.M. the other side of the coin
That he said I know you're not going to believe this
But if you break a one we don't have anything in there. He said you're not going to get any calls
You're not going to get anything and I said oh
He says I'm serious. You're not going to get anything nobody's going to call nobody's going to do anything
Because there's nobody listening if you ever break a one
He said we'll send a limousine for you. Well, he sent you a certified letter. Well same difference
You know, I need to after when I got into a brain. I got everything is relative. It's our okay
We still I was alone the air. I'm gonna do it. Well, when we come back after the break can we put a semi-cold in there?
How's your colon?
Anyway, if you're tired of paying high prices for CDs bill and I're going up to the CD exchange one of these days very soon
Because both of us got loads of CDs every week Rick Riley goes there all the time
That's why I've got some Luis bonfire and a good part of the deal is there all the CDs are only
75 at all times they have thousands of CDs and stock everything from jazz to classical rock to rap country to Christmas
Even M.O.R. like on the Bob Gordon show and if you have loads and loads of those piggy-least sitting around
He'd like to bring him in and swap them the best part is they give you a five dollar credit when you trade a CD in that way a different CD
Cost only two dollars and 95 cents an incredible deal
So instead of spending all my harder and money for CDs. We're gonna go up there and check it all out. Okay?
Incredible CD exchange there open every day 10 a.m. to 10 p.m
There are number 7336-581 and you'll find them in a lot of day a lake
Just out the open park boulevard all 441 next to radio shack in the extra shopping center
You tell them bill callers sent you by to the CD exchange
Hi, this is Stan Bajor. Hope you enjoyed our recent program regarding the Kennedy assassination
We'll be with you when there's no Yankee baseball game at night
Beginning at eight o'clock right here on news talk radio 610 W IOD
Introducing the 610 W IOD source line the source line is 610 W IOD's apartment source for the 90s
Just think about opening the door through a luxurious apartment with a view of the Miami skyline and right at your fingertips
You'll have access to exclusive shops private fishing beers four star restaurants made service fully equipped health facilities
Olympic pools and tennis courts
Sound too good to be true
All this and more is available and the ability to do I take you out here right now kick your goddamn teeth in okay
126 at W IOD want to thank Alex who called in to congratulate us on the numbers and
Should we take some calls? Did you want to just ramble on it? We got a full board of calls. Let's take them
Let's take them. Okay, oh, there's a lot of talent. Here's the first one. We ever dropped the bomb. I ain't a minute
Yeah, speaking of red necks. Where were you talking about a Carson Rennie earlier? How did you get on here?
I'm in here. Oh, you were doing the thing. I was doing it. Well, how can we stop? I just had to oh
Before we say about that red neck
About what Carson Carson Rennie the greatest broadcaster who ever lived I'll ever see read
What?
What about it? What the hell are you talking about? I can't believe it. Look at that. We have a celebrity
intern back in there Ross's back and to visit where the scene of the crime was
Hey, I saw your boys up in Atlanta last week. Okay. Hold on a second. So you're about as exciting as
A curtlene that's the guy who was doing a cackel and he's
Got into a different year. How did he get in the anise and Rennie? Yeah, uh, Neil. Yes, sir
I kind of agree with you about it. Welcome to the last Neil Rogers show sir
Well, well, then let's make it a memorable call first. I think Rick is there to
Spongebob of you like a little stuck. There is no question about it and he'd be the first one to admit it
Yeah, and so in review and I pretty upset when all the food was gone too. I'll tell you that yeah, but net bull now
They're not enough listeners to suck off of which is what now he's got a real problem there
They're too many why are you attacking my good friends in the afternoon?
See this is part of the iod audience
This is part of what's sharing our kids and out he does not do the same show that I do sir
I do a good show. Oh, excuse me. Well, you do a good show, but you know, it's that same youth or kind of fun
Fun. What's wrong with that? What do you want this to be the dead station? We've already got WS new leather
We've already got life in WS new. You've got two dead states. So let them talk
No one more than death finish. Please program the show this afternoon. Are you screaming out of the microphone?
No, I think you've got them upset sir program the show this afternoon. Go ahead. Okay. Now. Yeah. Okay. Let's do it.
Let's do it. Minify a minute. What do you want him to do when he come on?
What do you want him to say? I'll write it down. Come on. It's easy to criticize. Let's come up with something positive
Too many people call your show Neil to go. I'm dying over here another idiot at Gilbert. He could I thought we were talking about
Out of here for taking this show. Okay?
Then another guy calls up because sometimes they feel then you get that old lady she goes hello, Neil
Then there's a kid he goes
Who wants to hear that? Mr. Radio calls one guy goes butt load back at you
Day
129 at W.I.O.D.
Your friendly station for you were getting psychotic there for just I thought we were gonna lose you. I am right
I don't hear myself did something happen from the buzzer
Miami hello, how you doing? Welcome to the Bill Calder show with a Randy Martin on 610 W.I.O.D.
Yes, Bill Calder. I've always heard Neil mention you but I've never heard your program with while I don't have a program sir
When you did I never really did have a program
Why did he go and why did he get up and run out of here like a petal and child?
Okay, go ahead sir. They don't believe you. No, but I think you're pounding
Let this caller speak I think he has something
You wanted to speak because he's gonna suck around with you. No, I don't think so
You sure were a lot of fun today and I don't think he a no, I think he wants to say a state of hell off the show
No, I don't matter fact. I think you're enlightening the program just a little
Exactly you're adding something to it. We haven't had for a long time. No, I'm not saying no
I told Neil during one of the breaks one of the many breaks
That I felt I should have come on Monday as originally schedule. No, this is a much better
I don't know. I just don't I'm not comfortable here having a radio minion would not have been up there
Well, I feel uncomfortable because I feel a certain
Sometimes I feel well, you know sometimes I feel that
Well, I think I think you two are very entertaining. We are and I think it's very exciting
You ought to ride down the work with us. I think you should continue. I've been there. I he should be on a show every day, right?
I listen to you I do it for the free lunch. I listen to IOD I would not listen to any other AM
stations because I think IOD is very entertaining
Not informative that I think is a difference between I and Z and IOD
We're not informative not why could we don't have some fat broads sitting here reading the same news 400 times in a row is that it?
No, no, no, I'm talking about
I'm just kidding
When I work at you know, I've talked to you before I work at the VA when I'm working there
I don't want to hear Yankees and I used to be a big-time Yankee fan. What the hell does?
Nobody wants you're the Yankee. So what I do is listen I and Z at night and it's informative
Okay, that's the difference. I don't think you compare W IOD with I and Z anybody else because IOD is in a class of its own
That's correct. It will always be now. I was gonna ask you Neil
Back which I didn't listen to your show back then but I heard about it through the media when you had a controversy with the condo commandos
Did your ratings go up?
Of course way up
Well doesn't that tell you something maybe it's time for another one?
No, I don't do contrived controversy sir that just happened
But I get accused of that all the time
I just do whatever is on my mind and whatever is timely right and I don't sit as you
What am I going to do to start your time to start ratings? I don't do that
Your timing's perfect, but if you notice earlier you mentioned when you went to this radio station
The ratings went up and then they went down. Yeah
Well, sure that went down because we got into a whole thing with the FCC and they took off about 80% of our material and
And and that that segment of that audience that wanted to hear somebody say penis on here. They're all gone
Okay, they're gone and what we're doing is rebuilding now and the people who wanted to hear Steve with his contrived
Afternoon they're all gone
Okay, basically there are two big at listen to me. There are two major elements of this radio station that have disappeared
So you have to go out and start building again from ground level. I mean we're still it's not like we got a one share
We still got a four okay. That's not chopped liver. It's still the highest rated top show in the market and between 10 and two
It's about a four six or a four seven. Okay. That's not a bad number. It's a very good number
But the bottom line is the only way this is one of the most transient and changing markets in the country
You have to go out there and promote you can't sit back and rest on your laurels because we have thousands of new people moving into this town
Every day and thousands of people moving out and the promotion you can't complain about the promotion on this station
We don't have any other than billboards with false teeth. We don't have any promotion. I don't think the rating systems is true to life
I don't think it has any kind of value at all the paparading system. They have right. I think it's great
I just think yeah, I think yeah, I did that just to stop you in your track
I don't want to sit here and belly ache about other rating system is bad because all the time
I had good books which is most of the time been the market
I never said well
We got an 11 share, but the rating system sucks
That's like a pride baby. I just that's like something Greg Buidel would do. I must get her Alex Bennett
I'll be a lot of credit for the type of program and the type of formats they have now because I have to let me know
Well, see now is a now it'll be an interesting time in the history of this radio station to see whether they will
Have the courage of their convictions whether they make a couple of minor adjustments
Where they're making grotesque mistakes? I don't want to mention the Yankees and whether they'll really do what ought to be done
Or whether they'll repeat the historical mistakes of neurotic compulsive
repetitive changes over and over and panic like they've been doing over and over again when I was on zeta
I used to rip this place like crazy. They were laughing stock panic and panic and change and change and recycle
Sandy and Bill and try to put Sandy on with Mike and it was a disaster. It was a joke
Okay, and they made a bad mistake with cane a terrible mistake
They wrote test mistake and they screwed around and messed around a lot of our audience and drove them away and did a lot of
Now the question is will they have the common sense to let things come down to worth and a start building instead of
Constantly tearing down what we've got left from from Mike wasn't at a good speech sir
Outstanding from Mike to stand
I think is the next in a combination he just has to be worked on like Rick said
Like uh or who was it?
Sud was just there. No, I think it was the dean
Well, I
It's a nice conversation but you just have to give it a while it seems like the management carry or whoever he is
Say goodbye. Okay. Well, you have a good day. Thank you. He was getting pretty boring. Why don't you?
135 at W I O D we have a couple of open lines now that both in date county
It's very unlikely you'll get on with a cheerwood impress bill if we let them up 751
W I O D and I have a sponsor to talk about not one of my favorite restaurants in the world
Really? I'm resting well. No, it's been an interesting four hours almost four hours
And it would have been more interesting as if we had any search in here don't ever ask me back on the show again
Come on you had a great time
No, no, no, no too much pressure. No, it's just um, I don't know. I'm not comfortable
I'm about about the last time you're here. We had a great time. Yeah, but I like that cheer you're red. Oh
All right, you can see that some all kidding. Just here's a mobile on the turnpike
Gone yeah, I'm here. You are there. Okay, sir. Neil. I mean you're 30 to 54 demographic. Yes, sir
I don't want to listen to topics. Yeah, I want to be entertained. I want to smile
I just joking when I seem going to go back to topics because I'm never going to do that
If I have to go to work in peoria
I'm still going to have a good time on here. I don't want to go back to that because first of all it's boring
And it's depressing and I just have no interest in it
Well, you lose me and the other thing is flip around the AM dial
Who else is there to listen exactly? That's why I think a lot of this is really bogus and they're gonna sit in there
They're gonna overreact and have a nervous breakdown and start messing around and messing around and messing around
And that's gonna be a mistake because that's what we're paying for now is all the messing around
Exactly
Listen to me since Steve Kane left this station which is back in October
Nothing has stayed the same in other words. There've been just a succession of changes and several day parts
Especially after the night changing and changing and changing and changing and it's got to the point now where the audience is
The audience likes stability, okay
Exactly
And I want to find it
Ralph Renek was not here for 30 years of Miami because he was a great news band
They were just comfortable with him
Comfortable like me
Same with our morning show. I mean we're nearly as a great guy and everything but he's doesn't he's not dick pertin or how it's stern
But they're comfortable with him. Okay. They like what he does their comfortable or used to me fits like an old glove
And that's what people like
Yeah, but he loses me when he starts to play
Well, but see you're not you're I'm not looking for you to critique you
I'm just trying to explain to you what it is stability is what keeps your audience
You're right not the pinhead audience. They're like the most fickle ones of other well, you know like on Monday
More downy rules and Tuesday. It's
Andrew douche clay and went to somebody else the pinhead audience is the most flaky audience of all
But when you're talking about like 25 plus that audience a different story they like stability
Exactly and one last thing I'd like to call my brother-in-law douche bag George
Back okay, sir. I wasn't that that was like perfect topping on a cake, wouldn't in fact
We're so convinced of what I just said we're gonna be doing the show next week from the stable area out of corder
Okay, King of dance is gonna be our guest on Monday for Lauderdale. I need you. Yes, sir
A couple things first ball. I'm part of your audience 25 plus and we never got a book
A lot of people that listen didn't get the Arbiteron book to fill it out
Now my first question from that end as your station to Massachusetts is where the hell did they send the books?
Well, I'll buy the coast when the people come in on their rubber rants those are the ones who get the diaries now
That's why all these ethnic stations are getting these enormous numbers and must have went down with those 36 that went under
But the whole thing is you've got a lot of loyal listeners that we don't get a chance to express ourselves a lot of us don't stop and call
I haven't stopped buying
Because I was here and a lot of negative coming in that way
Everybody's doing a good job. I'm not blowing smoke, but the whole thing is a lot of us didn't get books and the stations like I heard
I think you said 105 got top numbers right just shows you when south of the border and
You know a lot of us think a lot of your recommendations. I went to one of your famous fondue restaurants
Yeah, and had a great dinner there
Well, I'll give you an example okay the guys from American Sticking Pizza were in the other day and they're nice guys
They have good great food
And they've been on only for like I don't know last three or four months
Which is when we've been going through all these down trends and everything and they came in not only did they bring in food
But they thank me they said the results you've gotten us is so incredible and the same with Wayne Arnold
They brought about 20 million dollars worth of food in the day
Here's a guy with his little royal castle over there has been there for like 20 years or more
And since he's been advertising on a show including right now
We have he's broken all of his records okay?
Jeff at the pizza loft and built a new neo-rodger's dining room up there
Not because he loves me, but because of the fact we're bringing him tremendous business. He needed more room
Okay, that indicates to me. We got a lot of people out there
And I know you can't alibi about numbers forever
But I think something is dramatically wrong up there in Beltsville
I think they're interviewed there they're giving diaries to people who are like
In our Katie or so I don't know what it is
But I'm not buying it and I'm not doing the numbers on the or ever again. I will never do it again
I was driving around call spring time to be lost on sample road
And I saw I don't know if I can mention the restaurant or not, but what do your favorite fondue places?
And I just said that's the place that Neil talked about
Went in and have to find your waiter Troy
Yeah, and I said if this isn't the restaurant Neil talking about that about coming in. Oh yeah
No, no, we'll even and everybody's pretty talented
Well, let me see as you've been the business long time
Do you feel that maybe the summertime ratings go towards more like rock and roll?
These aren't summertime. This is the spring. I thought this is a mason's April April May and June
On April May June book. No, I don't think that's got anything to do with it
Now I think I have more people around doors. I don't have time to sit down and fill out the book where
A lot of the people just
I just think Arbitron is lost it with their rating samplings that it started many many months ago
I think even I think it started last June as a matter of fact over a year ago
Well, unless they get the books out and distributive them evenly throughout the
But what's your but the point is we can sit here and soon will electrolyze this from now sure next sookas
But people in management aren't interested in that because they've got to cover their own ass
They have to answer to the people up higher than them and they have to produce so they're not going to buy that
Tell the people in management put the headset phones on set your seat and see how they like it for a while. Okay
145 but you're a pseudo intellectual station w. I. O. D. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. I want to kneel. Yes
What is it Kevin? Yeah, Kilber's buddy. Yes, sir. So what's up?
I'll see right here. I'm glad we got this call in before the end of the show. Okay
We've been having a lot of these calls some of them, you know, maybe not that great
But at least attempting to respond to what we've been talking about all day having some pretty good conversation
And you call Kevin Gilbert's buddy. So what's up?
What you guys are doing a great show, but what does that mean Kevin? What what is that? So what's up?
Well, just more in Gilbert's like I said, I think the ratings are correct
I think that most people with IQ of over six don't want to hear pinheads calling saying
How you doing? What's up? I don't think people want to hear that well. I'm sorry Neil good
I just wanted to say you want to be sorry Kevin and if I were you I'd stop
associating with Gilbert immediately all right because it's affecting your credibility. No
He's a good guy. What just called me. He's like in tears. Okay. See he's a good guy. He's in tears. Okay. Kevin
How old are you about 25? Yeah
25? Yeah, good guess right now. Don't you think it seriously? I'm not trying to put you on uh-huh
Don't you think in your age yeah, that you could find something more constructive and meaningful to do
Then be like babysitter to Gilbert the rest of your life
Well, try to be more about Ernie Sochin and Norman Kent and Ed Till and the O'Rodgers and Bill Calder and Randy Martin
I have a good name Michael. I am a cool. I'm not the point. I'm not don't even be evasive
I'm trying to make a point to you. You're like compulsive. You're obsessed. This business is garbage
Don't you understand that it is swill it is the if the pits
It's like sucking barnacles off the bottom of the Titanic. Do you understand what I'm saying Kevin? Yeah, have a nice day
Okay, did I tell him?
Yeah, I like to weigh your handle that okay
Well, I always have a master attacked here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. How are you both great?
Go ahead. Let's say hello to Anna. I noticed Ross came back to a test drive my Corvette today
Is that why you came in Ross? I noticed he had his eye on it same color as your shirt almost and what is it?
Like say hello to Craig my physical therapist. I'll be there at three never mind your physical therapy
If you want kind of crap, are you feeding?
Okay, hello to an old friend from WHN. Oh
My god. Oh my Sheila. I can't believe it don't
Please
Let it be Sheila if he wants it to be she
No, I don't think it does
That's why it's yeah, I don't think I don't think I think did she hang up now? She's there no she's there
Whatever he wants her to be let her be all I know is that we miss it. I think that is the word that would fit in her go ahead
We miss you a lot we miss hearing your voice
Neil the hell with the rating
You know what your audience thinks of you you know the audience but I want to explain
I want to explain because I know this is getting really ponderous with the audience
But when you know you're run and listen
I really mean a Disney is a great guy. He really is. I like him as much as anybody
I've ever worked for but and there's always a big butt standing out okay
They these people hired me based on my track record and a reputation in the market
They're Johnny come lately in this market. They don't really understand what I do or what I've done or what I know or anything else about me
They really don't and all they know is that I'm kind of a hothead and a pain in the ass and you know and make a lot of waves
And all I know is that if you were working for people who really understood everything that's going on in the background
And all the machinations of it then you have a little better feeling about it. Okay
When you're working for people who are like panicky and oh, it's you what do we do now?
We better make a change because the things have been the same for three days in a row
You get a little bit this concerted is the word I would use to be diplomatic
Disconcerted I understand like panic total panic
Neil yesterday
Rick and studs spoke to a DJ from Boynton Beach
Who got thrown off the air because he played bands in the USA
Okay, not because it was dirty, but because of bad pace
Hey, but it will play that crap out of get off. They threw him off. Oh god. It's a crappy record
We don't need any more two-live crew on here. Okay, it's no no no. I'm trying I'm trying to bring out a point
They threw him off in the middle of the record. They shoved him out the phones didn't stop bringing for two days
Yeah, they brought him back on the third day because the listeners
Well, let me tell you a little story about W.I.O.D
They canned a sandy patent and Bill Smith here several years ago
Okay, we're two of the most boring some nambulant people in the history not a broadcasting industry of the human race
And the phones didn't stop bringing in and they brought him back by popular demand about two weeks later
And you know what they still had no numbers and they were still boring and a station still was a laughing stock, okay?
Yes, so what you're saying is everybody has their following no matter who they are
Well, man, let me tell you something boy this station
Don't get booted in
And nobody called that's right and then they booted him out again and nobody called right
But how did you get back the second time if nobody called the first time they were desperate? I changed my name
Yeah, he said Guillermo and they didn't know what they were talking about
You changed your name to Bill Smith, right? Yeah, no sandy calder
No, that's true though
What you say what did you say whatever I said whatever you said was good
You liked the billboard, but the teacher being a big land, right?
Okay, the billboard stuck. Oh, did you listen to me in New York when I was there?
HN sure did I was good then one thing
You're good
I was
You're still funny. No, I'm not funny anymore. I'm laughing
That's why I say those things because you accused me of never paying a compliment
But if you don't pay me a compliment, I don't mean it, but I'm not right. Listen
You got to take another do we have another break to do here, Marvin? I think
You're sure that okay, I would love to continue talking to you because you're just wonderful
You are you're probably in boy I lifted us from our depression. Wait you please listen to one more thing
Okay, both of you be healthy
God for your health and the rest of the crap go to hell exactly let them all right to that
Okay, I'm gonna have a little bird talk and see you
Bye-bye. Okay, 151 at W.I.D. Henry's got a little something for you before we leave and we'll be right back
It's a scandal. Oh 154 W.I.O.D. Boyd time is really I can't believe it
Sur sight now. We know who this is going. We know who this is. Hello. Yes. Are you doing them? Okay. I even great
I'm a first time caller here. Okay. I thought maybe this was the guy who calls every day from surfside
No, that guy from Eli Turgerman. Exactly. No, no, no, tell him any way that kids are rules anyway. Okay
I got a suggestion for you. Who is Eli Turgerman? He's some crooked mayor here in surfside. Oh
Yeah, oh in other words, it really is such a person. Yeah, yeah, he's a good man. Well, the hell with him. We don't give a damn
Yeah, we don't care and it's thinking mayor and Hollywood man is
Banned sunglasses because it the reflects on his answer something to hell with him. Yeah, that guy's a gentsan for you
No, he's upset about the copper towing thing or the other one with the naked butt and all that's oh man
Holly with her just sick. Yeah
Even my mother's getting fed up with holly. We go ahead pal. Yeah, um, I got a suggestion for you since those
Spanish A and stations are
That's such great numbers and are and Orlando bosses got that level to two hour
He's got that liberty. You can always have as a sidekick. Yeah, it's true. I'm 11 to two
Yeah, get some of the Spanish listeners on your feet. Oh yeah now that and look at that TV real quick. Look at that. Oh geez
Two live crew is back on area and we can't talk about the who's in between
Oh, listen, thanks for the suggestion pal. Alright, I have a good when is this okay? Okay. We're gonna start speaking a little bit like every other word is gonna be an esponial
Did you hear that about now the rumor is that they pay a ethnic five dollars for the diaries?
I've heard of it for a hangos only a buck
I don't know that that's true
And if it and if it's used they make they make them pay 250 for their diary to count us seriously
They buy it all those old stereotypes a west pound beach. Hey guys. How you doing, sir? Hi pal
Hey, listen, uh, I think I got it figured out. Okay
As far as bills concerned and Rick and putt. You know like bill tries to compliment
Rick and putt. You don't let um
Uh
People call in trying to compliment bill. You don't let him you want to get rid of them
So what's the deal? The only is it like you're insecure. You can't handle it. Someone else is getting compliment on your
Radio show exactly. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Let's go to
Miami. Hello. Yeah, that was a great call. Yeah, he's always a great great
Diary. Yeah. Yeah, uh, he's listening to radio mombi. He just started stopping call. He's not listening speaking of radio mombi
Yeah, you know your billboard that was in high a lea on 103rd street off the pound that's a good place for it
Well, you know what that was replaced with
The four guys from radio mombi. Uh-huh. That's what it was covered up with. Well it takes four guys to replace him
That's correct. That's that you cover up the bed. The yellows billboard with the city of plantation. Yeah
Well, you know when bill called the first came in this morning sounded a little weak
And he sounds much better now. Oh, and now he's just he just getting going now. Did he start sweating when he ate that white hot?
Nobody's starting to sweat now that you're talking about him. No, seriously though. Uh, he's doing great
You know, you you talk about the numbers coming out and and never again. This is your last day for it never again
Well, you know, you know what it is bottom line. I have a son that's 13 years old. Yeah, all of his face show on
Well, what are they listening to? W. E. D. R. Okay, with that rap stuff. Okay. That's what they all listen to. We're not we're not competing for that market
Absolutely not I know I understand that but you know when you start going and you see see people and they're talking about
Rick and suds Rick and suds. Or did you hear what Neil said?
How come when they come out with numbers like this? Where do these other people get these books from?
I sampled things and where did all our audience go? I mean like I said they're not listening to hot 105
They're certainly not listening to the E. D. R. They're not listening to a life or joy or the coast
Where did all of these news talk or what are entertainment people go?
And the fact is if you look through you can't find them. They're nowhere. They're gone
This is why the sampling that they take
So if you take a sampling of people that watch television and and you talk to I would say
Out of 10 people six or seven will tell you that they watch an alien nation. They happen to like that show
Yeah, 80 second in the ratings. I mean when did they get these?
Are they are they sample of people like out in a swamp someone? You know what you want me to answer the question?
You want to get them where howl and deal
I should be from somewhere does that answer your question does that tell you a lot?
It it hallowed be then all 2000 diaries this time we're in hallowed bill
Well, I'll tell you in a lot of and half of them were in sunny Rosenberg's house
I have never heard of rick and such before they came to this this station right okay
You talk to people now everybody knows about rick and such I think they they talk about
They're funny. Are they keep that afternoon going? I mean it's some of the stuff where they play off one another do remember the
The guys used to do the
Trying to get that beer they used to do a beer commercial up in New York they were merge beer. Yeah, no, no the two the
Merton Harry
Harry, okay, how they play off one another and the other ones like looking at what did you say? Yeah, that's the what they remind me of
And yet they play off one another and everybody knows about them. How could their ratings possibly go down exactly
That's what it's give us at least me
Absolutely did a greater okay
Bert Simpson he rules okay, okay, that's gonna do a bill. It's been something
Well, it certainly has certainly been an agonizing experience
We didn't have anybody sneaking any compliments for it because I'd be pretty upset about it
Anyway, Bill Carter. He'll be back with us in spite of all I will never come in back here until you talk about numbers
Bill will be back with us tomorrow
Ha ha ha ha not be back with us next Monday when the whole book comes in there
We go around for a hour when you see QAM but at listen QAM.1 in the morning
Something to think about he just stopped in mid-Satins. That's Randy's number by the way
Have a great day. Rick and thanks for having me on. Oh always a pleasure. Terri Lynn Taylor author of the messengers of blight at three o'clock
We got standing at eight to eleven right after your sports thought
