10 W I O
Okay, like I start to say
We could be eating by 1115 and we played our cards right. I think today is a great day for a Wayne Arnold party
Don't you big party?
gigantic Wayne and Murray get get on the stick boys. We're gonna really do it up big today
We're gonna just eat till we die right on the year today, right?
Because it's a bogus nobody is even in the parking lot you notice next door also a channel seven
It must be at a busman's holiday
Sally went out to recharge her batteries everybody is out of town everybody's taking a busman's holiday
This is all make believe between now and next Wednesday
It's all just feeling it's all like punishment. No, most everybody's playing hooky. They're either on vacation or goofing off
We're here and we're not too happy about it to be honest with you
We don't want to do formal hours. I'm Godfather three because then Steve and Ripus again. It was terminal terminal
Yeah, how big is it baby?
That's his whole new thing now over there
You know, I said that I wasn't gonna talk about them, but it's so embarrassing
I'll talk about whatever the hell I want to talk about his whole new thing now is to see how many times it can use the word penis on here
That's the whole deal over there
In fact, that's gonna be when they make the change
They're gonna have a like what's gonna look like a mushroom my guess is gonna be the new logo
Reptile it's gonna be called all penis radio and
Quite frankly with the staff they're putting together
I think they got a hell of a head start if I can say that anyway. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney
It's 10.07 at W.I. I was gonna play a thing there at the beginning
I was kind of toying between a whole bunch of things today because I was thinking to play in the whole rack today and tomorrow
And on Monday Tuesday's New Year's day we got off Tuesday
What are we doing on Tuesday? We got ball games right lots of ball games
Marmite of course the blockbuster bowl or waiting in anticipation of the guy coming by with a 300 bucks today
For Camilla's house for those two great
Club seats and the preferred parking pass that Jeff Cohen from pizza loft have donated yesterday
what a guy and
Our total as of this moment. We don't have any mail in yet today
Is there anybody up front anybody in the building doing anything worthwhile?
They all just kind of wandering around and where's my check by the way?
Let's make sure I get that real early. Okay, just in case anything goes wrong
But our total as of yesterday and it's still the same today because we don't have any mail nobody's really doing much of anything
92,000. Where's all that activity on there by the way? Was that all bogus? Oh?
Yeah, oh, that's interesting. You notice how about two weeks ago? We got a lot of
Interesting stuff going on there must be just a coincidence
92,670 dollars for Camilla's house on
real
And we got them sure a bunch of mail coming in today if we ever get it sorted out if the post office ever gets off their dead ass
I mean Christmas is over guys. Okay. That's generally the big excuse Christmas holiday rush and we get tons of mail
It's always daylight in the dollar short and it's all over
But I have a feeling they're probably screwing off too over there at the post office
So we should be well definitely will go over 93,000 to they one way or the other make no mistake about that if we fall a little short
Georgia will take care of that with no problem. He promised me
Also we are in limbo can't eat open in our illustrious sales department is
Checking it out seeing who's being naughty and nice on that called a remote for a week from tomorrow
We're kind of like putting the finishing
touches on that aren't we make sure if we're it's gonna happen and how it's gonna happen and all of that
So kind of like lay back on it till we find out exactly what's going on
George went out so a movie last night. I don't want to mention it again because then
Oh is it outside? Oh geez. I forgot about it. I'll be damned. I can't believe it. I forgot
It's okay. It wasn't on
There was wasn't on the feet. There's no not planning this week. I didn't they didn't say on the feed last week
There was no not planning this week. Oh
But I got up I put it on and there was nothing there. I said well if I had gotten up that early and I'd have turned it on to say
In fact, I tuned in on the satellite it tuned in channel last night
Thinking that I was gonna get up this morning to watch and I forgot all about it
So it wasn't there and I thought well why isn't it here so I was gonna see it and there's a movie on
I can see it's a hot. We get preempted so many damn times you know
Damn
There was nothing there probably have to go out and watch godfather three again tonight. Yeah, I think I might do that
I haven't seen it yet. Oh you haven't seen it all well
We don't want to talk about it because it's terminal and we did four hours on it yesterday
We're gonna get our ruler out instead see
It was great meeting you see if Andy Garcia measures up to expectations
So it's not on man
As soon as I saw that I'm the screen here. I saw that you were on there. I thought oh boy screwed up again didn't do my homework
So we can't ruin it for anybody else like we ruined the movie
Did you notice that the unmancipable movie broke all the all-time box office records for a single day?
I mean it is terminal to talk about it because nobody cares about that. They much rather hear about how big Steve's the thing
You know
But god I can't believe it
So people are aligning up. It's worth it. You'll enjoy it even George enjoyed and he's pretty critical
He's a mr. Critic, but he liked it a lot
I don't like it you got my intercept yesterday. He also said that Sophia
Mary a Corleon Sophia a copula he said that her nose looks like Mount Rushmore
With the six earthquakes on it. I mean it's it's so big that it looks like it's broken in six places
Uh-oh, but it's the bigger than Barry Manelis
You mean her nose
Have a great day and let me know how you like it. Okay, and the movie too. It's the movie too. See you
The not-slanding lady saves us from further embarrassment to show us not tonight. Well, that's okay
We'll get we'll get by another week without Pat Peterson's somewhere
It's 11 after 10 at W.I.O.D
And we're kind of like torn between a rock and a hard place because it's a bogus day
Everybody knows that everybody's just kind of screwing off
Kind of nice though this week coming to a traffic is very light. I left the house almost nine o'clock this morning
And I was here is that possible? Yeah, I let the house
About the six seven minutes tonight. I was here before nine thirty in credible
There's no, but there's not a dog out there man. It's great
Oh, speaking of traffic last night Jim Bohan in this villain in Per King, which is the only reason I would ever punch it up
And they had some boring guy on there talking about driving and driver safety and about the teaching
Driver aid and young drivers and they were going through all this crap about the insurance companies statistics
And they say that young women teenage women and young women are the best drivers
That is such a pile of crap. I have never heard anything so ridiculous. Am I right?
They are terrified and stupid when it comes to driving. They shouldn't even be allowed in a car
Okay, let me do the break and then I'll talk about that for just a minute
There's a reason for those statistics, okay
You know what it reminds me of it's like the crime statistics for Las Vegas
And they always say all boy there's the person the percent of crime with all of a sudden
There's way up there Vegas got a lot of crime
The statistics in Vegas are related to the permanent population which is very small
So it seems like they have a lot of crime per capita
But the fact is when you when you factor in the millions of tourists who are there every year all year long
The actual crime rate is incredibly low. It's almost nil. So you can do anything with statistics
Anyway, you don't need any statistical it is because it looks like the movie's gonna make a lot of money
After the movies over they can get the same plastic surgeon that worked on Mark Hamill
I was just thinking about that because they had the thing from Star Wars
Mark Hamill of course was an at horrible accident in a Corvette
I think wasn't it? You'd rather that in a brutal accident and they
Pasted them all together again, and he's like he looks like he was 15 years old again. Okay, it's cute
Actually, he's about 86 now nobody realizes that but they like
Kind of like Dave Johnson plastic surgery. So if they could do that with the Sophia
There may be a chance if they could put her nose where her
They could put her cheeks where her chin is supposed to be and her nose where the Mondoan shine
At her lips behind her they could tuck it behind her your neck or something man. She is gruesome
Anyway, it's 1018 at W. I. O. D. Let's take a collar to here and just see which way the wind is gonna blow today
Here's pop it. Oh, whoops. Pop it. Oh Beach nail. Yes, sir
I saw the godfather yesterday and I
We're not gonna do that again. Are we I don't care. No, let's do another four hours just to piss Steve off
There's just one question I have
Well actually a couple I noticed in the previews
There were some scenes that weren't in the movie but in fact a lot of them. Did you notice this? Yeah
You know like uh were uh
the
Uh cousin
Spitz and the guy's hands
Well, a perched a perched bell got upset about that and had to cut it out in soft florida
And worry by the way, have you ever seen a perched bell and Jackie Mason together?
Well, he's gonna be playing at the sunrise. So uh, yeah, I think that's right. He's an idiot. Okay. Go ahead and Abe too
Yeah, uh, by the way, you see Jackie Mason is paying for the ball dropping in time square
I knew you're seeing these paying for it. That's what we need. Yeah
but when
Michael says everybody in this room the ball the drug deal is in this room. We're dropped that. I'd be doing one line. Right. It says that right
The scene outside the house where
What's the guy's name Vince? Vincent. Yeah, it says what you'll you have me do stay away from my daughter never says that he says it inside
But anyway, let's let's not subtle intellectualize this. Did you like it or not? I like that. I thought it was pretty good
Especially the ending part. I thought that was that was probably
The best best part of the home movie. Yeah, and the last scene you mean
Uh, not the last scene, but just before the little oh yeah, oh yeah, I was cheering for that
You know, I thought it was a great climax. Mm-hmm. So to speak more or less. Yeah
And in closing, I just like to call all the people at CRC press douchebag. Okay. Well, I'm glad you enjoyed it
Okay, great American see how do you like that?
That probably talk about it for weeks to come. It's the happening of the century
But it's terminal terminal how big is it Steve?
20 after 10 at W. I. O. D. Let me give those numbers out. Although we got some calls on there. Oh, is line five still broken
Man, I'm gonna I'm gonna do four hours one day pretty soon on Larry mixing in those fakers at southern bell
I understand it's the holidays
But this is supposed to be a goddamn radio station and we're supposed to be doing a damn talk show here
Okay, and we have a sick line in brown. Listen
You hear it? That's all it ever comes on here. It's broken. It's been broken for now
Tomorrow from what I understand because I was a wind vacation
I was plunging my brains in Vegas and the line broke on a Friday tomorrow will be two weeks to the day
That it's been broken
So how we doing? How did we make out is it a go and no go or no
Under consideration time to consider this okay
Uh 21 after 10 we're still working at thing out with calder because they're basically they don't know what they're doing over there
We all know that there's an open line in Palm Beach 655 946 3 655 W. I. O. D. And of course we got line five and browned
crank it up open at pot
Two weeks. It's been like that. It's sick
It's screwed up. It's broke and you people over at Southern Bell are sitting on your dead ass while we're paying through the nose
Through the hose for gigantic phone bills and the service were getting. I wouldn't wish on uh anybody
I wouldn't wish this service on Mike Miller. Okay, that's how bad it is. That's really saying something
All right 1022 I'm W. I would wish it on Paul Lyle. I wouldn't wish it on Joey Reynolds and Bill Marshall. How do you like that?
Let's do a break my O. D. I never finished what I started to say about the driving thing
See those statistics are vogus because stop and think about it
When a young guy when a teenage guy at his girlfriend are in a car together. Who does the driving 99% of the time?
Guy does when a young couple
Mary
Are going somewhere in fact couple of any age for that matter, but we're talking about young drivers when young couples are going somewhere
Who does the driving the guy does again 99% of the time?
So the amount of miles driven by young males so far exceeds the amount of miles driven by young women
That naturally they're going to be far more accidents etc
Young women especially in this town. I don't want to get into an ethnic thing
But there are young women George. I'm sorry, but man they don't know what they're all are doing
They're terrified they're confused. They just they're either going so slow that they're not even moving or they're going so fast
That they don't they have no control or just laws
They just put it the accelerate of the floor and pray okay and and hold on real tight to the wheel too
And basically that's what you got. I mean and I'll grant you young guys
Speed no question about it. They want to drive fast a lot of them are drinking like crazy
They're doing drugs and stuff like that. They're out there having a good time many bad dangerous drivers
But in terms of handling a car being able to drive tell me that young women drive better than young men
You're full of crap and of a discussion. I think go that's the debate
1027. Let's go to Halendale. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay, listen? I haven't seen godfather three yet because
I haven't seen two and I've been going to blockbusters to rent it and forget it because it's not available
But don't you have don't you have cable? I have cable, but I missed it when it was on HBO
Oh boy, but I mean it was on everywhere godfather one and two the week before this thing came on
They were just just drowning you with it just to get everybody prepared just to exploit it
I've seen one I put the good news is I got a friend of mine. He drives a truck for public Greg Blazingen
He's gonna let me he has both on tape and he's bringing them to work today
So I'm gonna watch a bolt tonight
Both yeah both us because I want to buy it it was a 1974 when I watch part one. I need to brush up on it. Yeah
So luckily he's got both copies and he told me that if I lose the copies
I'm gonna be swimming with the fishes though
No, it's Luca Bratsu. Yeah, I'm gonna take care of the fishes
Well, that's all right if you notice and godfather three in the aquarium
There's only one big
gigantic puffed up goldfish in here looks kind of like Maria's Mary's nose. Yeah, and that's it
So there's plenty of room in the tank. Yeah, listen. I got a question for you because I'm curious
I used to go to pop an old part all the time and
They've got quarter horse racing out there. Yeah. What happened to that allegedly it's coming back
This summer or something. I hope not. I hope it never comes back. You don't like quarter horse
Oh, I mean they run like from where I'm sitting to the wall here. It's just ridiculous
The only thing I don't like about they come out of a gate and they bump into each other and knock each other down
And it just I don't I can't handle it
Well, the only thing I don't like about it is I don't know if I want to not till the photo comes out because usually all ten or
Exactly. Yeah, they're running like three feet. Yeah, so you don't you can't tell if you want or not and you can't bump
At least you got a chance anyway. Yeah, now you said your next road is that calder? Well, I wouldn't get that
Well, that's what we've been saying all along
But now today we find that there are a few glitches. We're trying to get that ironed out find out exactly what we're gonna be doing there
Which of course are our
People never get these things straight now to head at time, but we're working on it and I'll let you know
Yeah, hey listen before we hang up. I want to call my Canadian next door a douchebag because they stole my mind me
Harold this morning. Okay, so
There's a douchebag our label douchebag. See you pal. Okay. Thanks. Lot Neil 1029
At W I O D also today aren't they drawing drawing today at Pompano Park for Sunday
Let's see. It's Thursday Friday, Saturday Sunday
So I should be able to tell you by the end of the day today whether Christmas list is gonna be running this weekend
That's our W I of these stable horse at Pompano has been doing very well. He's raised three times got two wins in a second
Under our ownership and under Bill phase excellent handing bill of course has gone off to the metal lands where he's one of the top drivers in the country
And I have a feeling that Joe Pavia Jr
Who at the moment? I think Joe is a leading a presented driver at Pompano is gonna be driving Christmas list
We'll see. Okay. It's 10 30. Let's go to Evan Tura. Hello. Hi Neil. Hi. I was listening to
American such yesterday and this came full of love and then I was worth a traffic and they were talking about Johnny Depp
And how they saw him on a cineo show and how the wooden and awful and he was this and that what yeah Johnny
Depp is wouldn't well
He's a great guy. You had him on oh, we had him on Zeta for almost four hours one morning and the wee hours in the morning
He was great. He's got a great sense of humor. We had a blast and he was talking about how we slept in the car
Yeah, I mean it's not to mention how good he looks too when he gets all that see that Edward Cesar hands
I keep seeing the previews and everybody keeps raving about it
I don't want to see Johnny Depp with all that schmutz all over him. You know with the pretty cruiser hands
I want to see him like naked, you know, thank God he's not a mile
But anyway, you should really enlighten Rick and Suds because they were knocking him saying he was just that he was
First of all, let me ask you that where do they see him? Oh, not cinnias. Well, what does that tell you?
What are they doing watching our cineo?
Is that it? Is that a dead giveaway? No, forget about stay up late
But isn't that a dead giveaway anybody who watches that show? I mean needs help
That's a friend that guy's a lot. Hey listen
I don't play me for the sins of my friends. That's what the Godfather's
Okay, but you should really tell them how great he is anytime they knock Johnny Depp man
They're gonna they're gonna have to have me to answer for I'll tell you that right now
I'll send Luca Bratzie over Rick Wiley's house right now if he doesn't repent for that crap
I just wish I taped that show Johnny Depp is great. He was hysterical. Yeah, really was okay
Have a nice holiday you too
Boy Rick
I was speaking to Rick and Suds
I got a book, you know
We get all these stupid books in the mail from these publishers
It wants you to bring me off the run and the shill and give him an interview to help him sell a book
And I was gonna throw this out
But now I thought about it the name of the book is children of paradise
Successful parenting for prosperous families. So I wrote for suds on the top of it for the suds father and I'll save that for him
Making the big bucks right
Surprise suds we got a pig report our first I think of the week on the starline hello
Yeah, I got you
Okay, and the same to you sir
Yeah, how was it
Brutal
Yeah, let me tell you Christmas Eve a drop down to the teens did you see on where was it somewhere up in New York?
They had that the big shoot out in the movie theater and one kid got killed and they're oh man
TV and broke in special report that valley stream was it yeah people
They said just as the shooting started a machine gun like a par I haven't seen the movie
But they said the machine gun went off in the movie two groups started firing each other a married couple got hit in the head in the back
You can't even go to the show on Christmas day
Pretty rough, huh? That's new you look yeah, well, you know why they're all down here, sir
Have a great new year. That's a nail take it easy. See you
1033 at W. I. O. D. We're kind of fumbling our way along
I was gonna play the whole rax it in tomorrow make everybody happy, but I think we'll get some calls today, huh? You think so?
Let's do about two months on this okay, let's really milk it
Okay
Okay 1033 we got an open line in Palm Beach 655 946 3 655
W. I. O. D. Of course we got the hurricanes playing in the Tossas in Texas
In Dallas for the cotton bowl on Tuesday, Joseph Yankee this morning reporting the weather was brutal freezing snowing gonna be in the 20s horrible
Good luck to them, okay, we'll see if they're really as tough as they pretend to be on Tuesday and of course tomorrow night
we got the Penn State and
Florida State and Michigan State and Westminster State and all the states are gonna be in a blockbuster bullet your Robbie Stadium and
Of course we got the orange bowl coming up on New Year's we got Notre Dame in Colorado
And I see a lot of people hope Colorado loses for a variety of reasons first of all the fact that they stole that game with that
Bogus so with that extra fifth down I don't care because I mean college sports is so corrupt anyway
What differences to make if you win with it? You know was they didn't do it the official screwed up so they took it and wouldn't anybody else you bet
So work I'm gonna be rooting so hard against Notre Dame in fact if any of the Notre Dame people are in town
Already I'm sure they must be right Lou Holt's is here. Oh man. How about alone Lou?
I lost my wallet Louie. I need a couple of hundred
Lou Holt's is here in all the Notre Dame fans from South Bend and I want to tell you this
There's probably a lot of fine young people at Notre Dame University. I'm maybe three or four. We thank you people suck
Okay, we despise everything that you are we can't stand you we hate you like poison. We hope you have a good time
Don't we we hate him. Oh God Notre Dame
It's just a whole ambiance of the university Lou Holt's their sports team in fact when they basketball team lost
What was it seven in a row? I think here recently?
Man I was in I was in my glory no wonder I won in Vegas. That was right while they were losing all those games
God do I just hate this fives Notre Dame like poison
They're okay
1035 at W. I. Would be right back a little Laura and cotton. No, he's getting married on Saturday
We've been trying to talk about it for about a year scotch warts who looks like Maria in the godfather three on a bad day
Well nice. He's got a better nose
But anyway they're getting married on Saturday. They're tying the knot so an honor of Laura who's one of our favorite people
So 20 to 11 at W. I. V. Here's and what year is this?
This is the 70
78 it's a 73. Lowsie writing on here. Miami beat senior high yearbook and
Here on the junior varsity basketball team is a real slumpy looking Andy Garcia
Boy, who the hell was his barber huh look at him and
Here he is with his ball with a ball out on the basketball court
Anywhere else now here is again right there
Wow put your clothes back on Andy people are starting to talk what else is he in he's on a baseball
Skip pertman look at that when he was fat before we lost all the way how he's Shapiro
Howie I can't believe you ever looked at good that what the hell happened
He must have run into a brick wall or something. I can't believe this
This is 1973 the Miami beat senior high yearbook
Look at all the superstars in here Steve Lerner another hurricane star. You didn't even realize that see
Boy, I haven't even gone through this yet
Look at all these people
Are you in here?
T-shirt Bob is in here worry, but he's ashamed to show us at this point
Look at these amazing looking people
Well, how can I go through it?
I guarantee I would not mind to keep no about how about if I hang out with for a couple of days? Yeah, I saw this
Look at these amazing. I wonder if some of these people are listening right now wouldn't that be something like Andrea cats or
Howard
Keller
There's Helen Keller
Marcy Kaplan looking at wouldn't that be something of this anybody out there from the classes 73 of Beach High
Good luck to you. What an ugly class too, by the way, man
Well, he was class. Is he in here or he would he might be well. Let's look up for Andy Garcia
Who's now a big star? We're making him a lot of money on this show. I'll tell you that
Okay, so he was like a junior right here's the junior class
He's not in the picture why not?
It didn't show up that day was busy making somebody an offer that couldn't refuse look at this guy man
Steve Garfield Steve you look more like president Garfield on a bad day. That's incredible. Okay 1043
at W.I.O.D. Andy Garcia of course who was in the unmentioned but we're not talking about that today because we don't want to get the big hot new staff over there upset
Because it's turbo
It's terminal. Let's talk about how big it is
My plug and a core and I would say okay
Some people just don't measure up
Take it from somebody who knows okay
Somebody has learned the hard way okay. We have an open line in the star line star. I would deal
Let's try Fort Lauderdale. Hi Neil. How you doing?
Pretty good.
For Steve goes remember what you said is the battle with a bunch of those
All potato. Yeah in every respect not only potatoes, but I never forget that day that
He came in remember I told you that story about how you did the challenge thing and who'll take the most clothes off
And he made sure he got the card so he could the
Strip down naked with everybody in the room and I'm gonna tell you I mean a corn would be a compliment
Another thing is don't forget about Jamie Jamie. Why do you do this?
There's one of the better
What do you mean forget about it? How could I forget about it? I mentioned it yesterday
I mean, huh when you use the on Zeta the two priests in the barn as long as they think oh
Yeah, I would all men brothers. You're ambler than great. Yeah, one of my favorite records. I have it in here as a matter of fact
So let's hear it. Okay. I'll dig for one other thing. I'm going up the jersey this weekend
Oh, I'm gonna listen to Howard Stern. Why not? I'm gonna listen to Don I miss all I like I miss the best going
Yeah, they're both good. You better out at the same time. You're the best nobody have a great life
Okay checks in the mail. We have an open line in Brad boy that dead line really that bugs me because you know
How I am with a phone and that like effectively blocks out one desperate person every moment who wants to be unbroward
Although there isn't open line there now. I mean, huh? There's not
655 W. I. O. D. and Palm Beach where Mike Miller rules of course on the big 1230
Let's go to a mobile on the thing
I'm lost mobile. Well, that's because you keep jumping. He's around here. You're in there. How can a China?
Fort Lauderdale. Hey Neil. Yeah, I'm right outside the stadium here. Yeah
You want I gotta get used to the grass. So I think I'm going back to play here. Oh, what are you gonna do run on it or smoke it?
We're gonna do everything with it. Okay
Neal. Well pretty weak today 1045. There's an opening in date. How about the Wayne Murray? How are they doing?
How's Puelly doing? Oh Puelly wants to hear no more
Like I said, there's an open line in Dave County 751 and look at fat rich
Just happened a lot all in here too. Isn't that great? It's payday. We need rich to go get my check to make an offer
They can't refuse down in the counting and of course it just happened by coincidence that Wayne Arnold is on a way with just
Tons and tons and gods of fattening food, but we know that's not why riches here. It's so Thursday
Hollywood. Yeah, Neil. Good morning. Look. I got a French Navy fire's board. I'm over here young circle
They're all converting together. Yeah better you than us. That's our we have a big billboard
I'm going to go to my friends in Hollywood and Helen Dale. They're ripping my kids out there all going the wrong way around young
I got a Suzuki Hollywood police been chasing them with a balloon out the window trying to find these people
They're gonna kill somebody Neil. I'm having problem. Tell them the Canadians are playing great hockey
It's time to go back home. Okay? Well, I like to make police like aunt Talon. Oh, we're we're struggling
I know a little better now though. I will say that we're playing a little better
We got a whole new team. Yeah, a lot of the only other thing I wanted to remember the first
I know you weren't gonna talk like the Godfather, but I have to I just can't remember one part
Well, I don't want to get Steve upset because I was gonna get a forward life
But we're gonna entertain him maybe while he thought it was terminal and of course it really hurt me
It wounded me to the quick. I would couldn't find it. I was like can or tank
Who Steve can or Steve King same difference?
Flare King okay, but the thing I wanted to say is remember the first one when
What was big the big fat guy's name come in or come in the Richard Castellanos did
Right right now. I remember too many canolies
That's what I was just gonna say wasn't either one that was in the car and they shot the guy and then
Leave the gun take the canola right
Right
He was also sitting in the back seat when they took Carlo De Vegas member to the airport
Somehow didn't make it out of the driveway
I wonder if he was related to leave Garrett who was the one with
Was it beat us the one with the ball shot and he had long enough both eyes
He was in a dog day afternoon without the chin. I remember the guy that held up the bank
That was Frito was his name Frito that was his in dog day afternoon
He would that was his partner the Indian or whatever the hell he was supposed to yeah
I remember how they was he come running out of the bank got it got it got it yeah, that's right
I knew I seen him somewhere, but of course you do understand that since you mentioned dog day afternoon the line that made Al Pacino
The star that he is today don't you what's that I'm dying over here. I got a better one and I'm dying over here
What's that they're ripping my kiskies out over here? Okay, good luck to you
Take Daniel stick him in the desert stick him in Quebec and don't give him a map
Anyway, it's 1048 at W.I.O.D. each your kiskies out
We got the high school pictures of Andy Garcia here. Well, some dear for the right price boy. He was
Kind of like nerdy one. They kind of like the nothing too
Excitable I'll say that we have it open and if I don't get excited. It's got a nice guy. Oh, you knew him
Oh really T-shirt Bob. Oh now all of a sudden he's dredging back now
He wants in on the action a little bit here, right? Yeah, low me 50 million dollars right now. We understand
Dicking out don't bring Mickey work. Please me don't don't
Undo all the good work that you've done for us
Billy Caesar right trainer at the cullter and now I'm California of course and doing real great
Anyway, you want to do real great on a deal on a great new 91 Toyota
Don't worry about the guys in the tuxedo is they're going to be put in intensive care pretty soon
Okay, because they look like they're dying over there
Get down the Toyota of Hollywood and Al Goldstein comes through as usual
We have a whole box of those Al for sure of t-shirts look at those those are incredible
One thing about Al man. He's not a BS artist when he says he's gonna do something he does it
Look at that
Children's of those the black ones the white ones and the x-rated ones. Let's go to Miami. Hello
The dogs are real good Sunday. Yeah, you know what they look a lot better than you okay
That was a Bart Simpson junior grow up kid get off the phone you jackass
We have an overline in date county 751 and one on the starline star iod
We'd like to talk to people least over the age of four on the show. Okay kid south Miami good morning
Me how you doing? Yes, I don't know if you're aware of this, but Johnny Depp is engaged to a woman writer right
I know that all you do fact somebody uh
Somebody called yesterday was giving us the story behind the story about why
Kobola's daughter wound up in the robot. I went on the writer had a nervous breakdown and Johnny Depp came and took her out of there
And took her back to california to air her brain out or something and whatever's going on. Oh
Air her brain out with her scissors hands right exactly
Um, I got a solution for the sami Smith problem. I say we make a member of a coliome family and for every yard
He loses he just stepped closer to that
girl that ocean
Uh, but that black man is back
With what?
With a black tie to his back. Oh, yeah
They can swim with the fishes exactly
Wherever you are, he loses he's a step closer. Well, I got news for if that's the case. He's already like uh in a rubah
Have a great day pal
Are we picking on sami again? You bet yours we'd ask we are 1054 at wio. Do there's an open line in date
We got some great t-shirts. We got the I fallen. I can't get up and I'm so horny cotton bowl t-shirts
and
The alcohol steam we got all kinds of good stuff to bed. We don't have a place to go to uh do something and give it away, right
Well, we may be doing that thing next Friday or not as the case may be and if kt ever gets so those people organized over there
We'll find out we don't know what's going as usual because you see ordinarily
You know how disorganized this place is well during the holidays
I was just saying the fat rich during the break. I mean we this place comes to a screeching
Halt the wheels of progress are like in neutral
And going nowhere fast mobile and hollywood
Hey, Neil how you doing okay? Just seeing a paint for the only expect 60,000 the dolphin game again
60,000 pretty wet if that pretty weak pretty lame go all you pseudo dolphin fans you're a bunch of assholes
Exactly couldn't have said a better and that little kid. I hope the raiders get their ass kicked. Oh, is he the raider fan?
That sounds like that little punk. Oh man. I hope that vote Jackson falls on his head. He's a jackass. Okay later
Very well said 10 55 what is this?
Something fattening in this box I can I can already tell what is it? Oh, this isn't canola is it?
Oh, I can tell already the card says
Uh
It's an Italian no less. Oh, it's an Italian. I'm opening up the box
Huh the other side
Love the show yesterday Sophia. Oh boy. Yeah, right. Oh, this is from this is from the uh couple of family, uh-huh
Right thanks Sophia. Maybe this is what made her nose broke. Maybe she got broke it on a canola and there's some of the most beautiful looking canolies in here
Uh-huh Eli Walla can Sophia. Yeah, well, they didn't make it through the movie
So I guess I made I make it thank you very much by the way
We're gonna have fair richy two of these first and Connie is coming here to taste the first one. Give it a little lick
Thanks a lot
Look at those there's a half a dozen of the most beautiful looking canolies wait till you see these and these are Christmas canolies. They've got like the
Uh green and red
Little uh sprinkles on there. Those are beautiful
Well, that'll be great for dessert after we have 45 pounds of Wayne Arnold huh?
Yes, see what I'm trying to do is have like a little diabetic stroke on the ear like Michael
I work for him in the movie and uh when he came back he was better than ever right?
His hair turned black again. He was speaking well. He got rid of that frog and his throat. He looked great
I might just take a little lick of the end of this like Connie in the movie
Do you know she didn't need avid? It looked like a little suck. That's all
Hmm. I love canoli. And remember what Clemence has said
Leave the gun
Bring the canoli. I'm dying out of here. Hollywood
Uh, when owner writer didn't have a nervous breakdown. She collapsed from exhaustion
Well, that's not what our source said yesterday. Well your source was incorrect. Okay
She was doing like through or for the movies at the same time. Yeah, well too much work
And that's why Johnny Depp took her the hell out of there. He said let's get out of here and uh go do something
Can I say one word about anybody that rips Johnny Depp is on my list. I'll tell you that right now
Johnny Depp is god. I'm talking to nobody here. Come on. I'm gonna see you can say whatever you want
Can I say one word about Miss Coppola
Like ten
What? I'm a scale of 2000 on a scale of ten
he is hot
I don't even need the rope
Just the cheeks and the lips that's all I need
Yeah, we got your lips right here pal. Get him off of their real fans
I can't believe it and you know something that he's serious. That's the sad part
Wow, I mean I've seen ugly before but she and when that brought on the CBS morning news said the yesterday morning that she was a lovely
Italian girl
Oh, man, even the pope was throwing canolies around he was having a fit when he heard that just before he had his evening tea
But uh man, can you believe that?
One thing if anybody out there is diabetic. Uh, I'd be sure to visit the Vatican
They got tons of orange juice and he did Brian's been hanging out there. They got tons and tons of orange juice
If you start going into like a little a hypoglycemic attack no problem to bring out like trays 50 but there we go again, see
Talking about that movie again. We sure don't want to bore those folks over there with their exciting
penis envy or whatever they do
hmm
Maybe Steve can come over here and measure it up against this canola no chance. I think you're already beaten pal
I know I am
Although that don't take much. Anyway, it's 1059. We have an open line in uh, Brown
We're really doing it today. What surprises me because we're in limbo and we admit it. We're just um
We're just killing time
Till nice Wednesday till love the second of January
Then we get serious and really start to screwing around
Okay, speaking of that the one the only the lovely Chuck Meyer is standing by with the 11 o'clock W.io. D. News
Then we'll come back at 11 o'clock and see what more damage we can do
Dan Glance vice president of sbk records
Is going to be here shillin his product on the Rick and sud show it to
For a female drivers no survivors
Now is that on a rotor harness reason? Well, uh, be far would be very upset. We got a big problem out there on 95 right now. Yeah
I don't know if you notice with a
Blockbuster ball is the omega-mood sisters from
FSU are down in math. Ooh
tragic out there
Put them together with the french canadians. Yeah, although the french canadians you wouldn't say there are any girls
Because even the women are all the french canadians over a hundred they won't let them out. They won't give them a visa unless they're over a hundred to get out
Yeah
Chronic sand yes, she called you she called yesterday
That she called today yet. I could picture her. Yeah, I was checking on that. I could picture her riding down the
Highway with her phone
In one ear and putting on a mask error with the other she don't call from a car phone. I don't think it doesn't
That's the not landing lady. Oh, okay
Get your player straightened out sir. Get your scorecard all us straightened out
Have a great one. Okay, he's the lost 1108 at WIOD. We have an open line on the Palm Beach line
Oh, he was on the Palm Beach line that explains it 655 9463 the canolies were great
See I didn't get that right away in the card. It said what I do with the card very cute
I feel a little like Eli Wallach it said from Sophia and Eli
Meaning Eli Wallach and Sophia
Coppola
But you have to see the movie because you have to see the scene where Eli Wallach is watching the opera eating the canolies
Which I think is kind of a tacky to be honest with it
But he was basically a tacky guy and for exacting he deserved everything he got man. He was putrid
Kendall
Hello
Kendall is gone
Okay, Kendall died
I'm dying over here which means we have an open line in date 751
Port Lauderdale deal. Yeah, how you doing? Okay
I'm calling because I want to second the emotion of a caller that you had yesterday who was telling you about good fellows
Yeah, go see it. Rocia where well or try and rent it. I know it's I'm trying to rent it where
I'm gonna have to get fat rich to give me a bootleg copy of that
You be well worth your effort from as grand as got the football tickets excellent film and a big mouth
I haven't seen godfather three yet, but I I'm just waiting for the lines to go down a little bit
But I strongly strongly suggest that you try and get a hold of a copy and and see good fellows. It was great
Okay, you're gonna love it and our golfing rules. Thanks. That's sheriff L the you pal
Yeah, if anybody's got a copy of good fellows
a
counterfeit bogus illegal or legal or whatever some of something must have one. It's right
You bet get that guy to give me a copy of it and stop screen keeps promising is gonna bring me all these movies
Uh, and I only does during the game anyways bitch and kvatch. He's a nerd. We have an open line in brown
In 524 and 1 and Palm Beach 655 always not the school teacher. That's for sure
I wonder where I'm sitting on Sunday at the game. I got to look at those two tickets at the game
I think they're like in nosebleed heaven
We did for a lot of deal. How about Miami? Hello?
Neil how you doing? Okay. How you doing? Hey, I'm doing fine. Well, that's great. Everybody's doing somebody
Neil yeah, six and a half million in one in one day. How you like that? Yeah, I like it. Well, it's a terminal, you know terminal
Hey, but still you know, it was good
Yeah, I wanted to tell you about part two
This is this isn't blue from fiu is it? No, no
Um, there was a part that made me cry at the end when he's sitting on the on the patio, you know in the backyard
And he goes back and he starts remembering when when Sony when Sony broke out of the Reese or to the house, you know
How he chose to Scarlett to assist her and and you know, he started popping and he told him that he was going through war
Because he was in the surface country and he's not you know
Yeah, you can tell how he came from being a family guy to be a killer
Yeah, well, I brought a tear to my eye when the movie ended too because there was this real great young guy sitting next to me in the theater
I had to get up and leave and I was very upset. What is it?
Neil and all the punk is there only on the same work with the gospel about you know who all the punk
Yes, well, they're too busy with Madonna and her armpits saying yeah, what the hell do they know about real life?
How about this to see
Neil yeah
Remember the guy that has got to get um
Hey
Well, I was on TV the three minutes
Exactly you never wanted me my friend
When you went the other way you stay you know, embody me to your love
Even though my wife was a ball officer that got you thought I'll yell
Steve Steve
You can only be friends
If not you gotta be sleeping with the speeches. I want to think let me know where the clannol is deep
You ready to act together?
Are you gonna sleep in with the station?
20 years for overacting it's a 12 minutes after 11 at WIOD we have an open line at day 751
What in uh Palm Beach 655 and what I'm the starline
I
Star
Okay, well, we don't want to overdo this because there's gonna be a lot of people really upset and agitated, aren't they?
I'm dying over here good. Okay, let's do a little break. We'll be right back
Like I said
Let's do a little break or in here we have a sports section anywhere boy
I hate when reneary goes on vacation. We do we have nothing in here. There it is
We finally got a sports says that from today or like at least this week
That's from today because I was gonna pick a horse and caulder. I don't want to disappoint fill again
Look at that look at the quality of print on that. Oh, that's a little whole picture. No wonder it's all faded out
The load of conspiracy because we hate you like poison Lou. We wish you'd go back. Okay, and quit immediately if not sooner
All right, let's find the entries if we can for caulder
Where the hell are they? Oh here they are
Let's see what we got today post times in an hour and 14 minutes we got
bunch of crap in the first race
Oh, omit proba is running today one of my all-time favorite horses in the second race with our buddy Mike Gonzalez
omit proba in the second race fill you got it
Somebody passed a message long to them over there. Okay, tell Phil um, I'm dying over here
And we'll see if we get that on today. Okay, 11 16. We're still waiting for the male
We're still waiting for Wayne Arnold. What time of the coming did they say
About an hour from when I said it well, that was 1005
It's now 1117. We're not in a big rush
South Miami. Hello. Hey. Yeah, what about Cornish mark in the third
Who Cornish mark Cornish mark?
Kind of a name is that I don't know
It looks interesting. I'll doesn't it. No, not really
Listen, have you seen sheriff Nick lately? No, he's looking real mouthy. Uh-huh
It's real mouthy like he's an eye panic
Like he's afraid alcohol
Sit on him. Yeah, sit on this
Okay, I would nothing to say but killed about 40 seconds. It's 1117
We have two open lines of both in date counties 7519 463 751
Mickey make nickel is god and if you believe that you believe almost anything here's a mobile from Tampa
What the hell is that hello hello you're in Tampa. Yeah, come on. I'm sure give me a break. I'm I'm
Hey, we're looking for some talent
In Tampa. Yeah, why do you haven't found any yet? I can tell you that you know, I mean, how about that guy's stand major
What about him?
Yeah, I see him around
Where were you calling from sir?
Act that I'm I'm on my way to Orlando now. Okay, that creek
So can I creep must be up there by wind more man you people today are so boring that it's him. I'm embarrassed for you
Come on. I'm serious. I had a call in get the morning on the
The local station on the Yoko station. You know what the local Yoko what said FLA
WF LA. Oh, yeah, come on the hunger Bob Lanciter like I said they haven't found any talent in that market yet
We ran him right out of town. He didn't last long. Yeah, he didn't last long all the way to Chicago
That's seriously. I had to tell their name Lionel now man the worst the end the only guy worst in Lionel is that guy in the weekend
His name I can never remember who's just the wines and the Rick something or other tell me the truth
What kind of numbers does he really have who?
Lionel how do I know you think we get the Tampa book who the hell cares about numbers in Tampa?
That's like getting a book from Immaculate who the hell cares?
The Mickey Mouse town sir. Well, I wish we had some of like you really yeah good luck
You have a great life 1119 is W.I.O.D. We have an open line in date county. We're starting to pick up a little momentum
Yeah, sounds like it. Let's try Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. All right. I went to the same school
I was old state at cake university upstate of the north. What was it?
Case university went to case. He is a case. I'll tell you that and he we tried to get an interview with him from years later
Yeah
Uh, he's probably our most successful graduate only to the send us in big eight by ten colored glossy of himself and a bunch of school magazines
Well, what's wrong with that? That's pretty good
Anyway, you know how to give you a message. You don't give it to him about case. That's what he's trying to see at all in a nice way
Yeah, that's true
Look, I'm funny. I heard sort of guy mentioned send majors. I left on my down year W.I.N.Z
So I'll go with the conversation
He was on then like I just heard some parts that you play very good stuff
And I first stand also has some really good production like I was wondering whatever happened back at you mean stand who's still on my material
If that was stand was on this station that's screwed over. You got screwed over battery on what is it?
I have to fill me in on this stuff because I'm not from this area. Where are you from? From the US how it's done territory. Oh, boy
How are you telling me to get a haircut will you please?
He's all right
In fact, have you ever seen Howard Stern's nose together with Sophia Coppola? Thank. Thank same nose
I think they got the same thing
Standing out on the air you keep asking me that I keep trying to tell you and you keep ramble like on and on and on
When you listen put a put a lid on it for just a second or send Bernie gets to your house. Okay, just relax
Stan was on this station when came left here and went to New York, which you know how that wound up
Stan was on here and they gave him about like two months and no chance at all then they put him on at night
And they did the same thing and they put all these ball games on and then they brought in this douchebag Randy Martin and put her on and it's all history stands on the beach
All right, thanks for the program and get knocked it up
The programming is what?
The powers that be sir he's gone. He's not working. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Do you want me to draw you a map?
Like a valley stream or wherever the hell that is?
You have some good good cards. Stan had some good cards
Good good right while we're still playing them
Don't stop keep his memory alive have a great life sir boy talk about confusion
21 after 11 at W.I.O. Do we have an open line at Broward all lines in data are open 7 5 1
I had a feeling it was going to be this way from the beginning and probably if we lucked out it would have been
And then we did just played all those great cards that this guy's talking about and I'd have to continue with people
Try to pretend they have something to say who really don't it's 11 22
Where is the food and we'll be right back?
And he wakes up right in the way
He knows a little nutty
He knows a little really
Where do you think that you know all in the record just to say hello
Hi, I just do what you all doing out there and I'm morning on a data floor is the meal
But so come on in you
I'm dying of it. Yeah, thank you Heather 11 26 while we're playing that because we got a lot of idiots out there listening today
More so than usual now what did the guy give he came by and picked up his tickets for the blockbuster?
Bolwet. Thanks you have come from pizza loft again for that and
Look at this. Oh man look what just came in the mail
Working the sales department of W.S. News after I left recently found these relics while throwing out some old files shocking
These are the old oh man look at that
Look at how fat I was there. I must have weighed 800 pounds in that picture
Is in that and there's Alice look at her boy. She looks like she's ready to float away any second and surely
Surely tweeters who's changed their name and doing more of that pseudo intellectual garbage that she's famous for Barbara's
Studley. Oh, I just love the Jewish people. Do I just love them to this and
Whichner look at that look at that plus he must have been about 90 and that picture that was taken 10 years ago
Look at that wig man. It's like sharp truce in this picture and it's in black and white, but you can tell
Wow
Arbitron just rated W. News day and browards leading AM station boil how the mighty have fallen huh? What was your on this
January 24th, 1983
That fortunately was my last year at W.S. News boy some of us know when to get the halada
Look at that picture
There's only one superstar and South Florida talk radio. He's dynamic eloquent and controversial his name
Neal Rogers his program the highest rated in the market no one can match Neil what it comes to explaining the pros and cons of an issue
And no one can match Neal's ability to bring listeners to their feet
Whether they agree with what he says or are outraged by his comments
Neal Rogers with 15 years of talk radio experience unmatched by any other
Sound Florida talkmaster. How do you like that? Here? Neal excited audience Monday through Friday 8 p.m.
The midnight Sundays from 10 to 2 and it works six days and knows you in those years in those days
What a pile of crap
For peanuts, too. Let's do the mobile in pop and oh hello. Yes, the yeah
The Godfather of course Godfather 3 do you think that it's skipped around too much?
No, they all skipped around how about Godfather 2 that skipped all over the place
Yeah, but this one here especially at the very end at the very very end. Yeah, well, that's obviously
You know sometime later like about 10 minutes later
Yeah, but you now that that goes very far forward from the time that
That we last are there and this way on the steps and then we go to that last this last scene right?
Well now what do you think they moved forward 20 years probably right well maybe five or ten and and we are to conclude or did you conclude that that was
That was Michael
You mean there's a question about it? Of course it was in well. Yeah, but and do we conclude that he died at that point?
Oh, sir
I'm begging you go back and see it again. I will yesterday. I waited until until you gave the review and then yesterday
I go I walk right in and I'm like the third guy in the place
I mean, you know
I missed a lot of things in there too that were very obvious that I'm embarrassed about but I mean you got to go back and see it again
Of course it's in that's it. That's the end. What does that got to do with the rest of the story?
Did it show that he died as a
A poor man or that he just said everything even though he got a mowl Larry and all these wonderful things happened
Everything he was without his daughter. He was desperate and he just died
He was like a vegetable. I mean here. He was sick to begin with don't you understand?
It looked like he was in like some kind of a home or something somewhere like who knows where he was
Is like out out on the ranch, you know and it was it? Well, that was just the love at home
That's what that place right that's what I'm saying. He was just like you know a vegetable veggie from Boko
Well, it's go see it again. I'm telling five five. Oh, definitely, but five fire was it was it was great all the way through
Well, it was a strange ending. I'll grant you that and now that we've ruined it for everybody listening
Are they'll still go out and say no they don't understand they don't have exactly
They say yeah, I mean there's still everybody that's listening just like myself and probably you are gonna have to go back
And they're just to make sure that we solve the stuff that we really
Well, not only that we've got to make sure that Francis gets enough might to get the
Plastic surgery for Sophia really that
Now did you hear the guy who called in earlier and said that she was a 10 on a scale of 10
I think it was Ray Charles I could call you wrong
He goes from the Stevie Wonder School of a meal that movie appreciate no question. We'll go see it again and let me know
I will okay. Thank you. Wow. I thought I was confused
Maybe it was uh, maybe that was Connie at the end with a bad hairdo
It's 1130 we have an open line on the sterline. It's star. I'm confused star i.o. D
How does the food coming by the way, huh? And look at that just as see
I always know to come up with that line and every time I say it I see Murray in the hallway man
It works like magic. It has never failed
Every time I say how's the food coming when and Murray come right around the corner
With two gigantic boxes of stuff
Look at that
Now what's the rich gonna eat that's all for me isn't it? I'm just in a eating mood today
I'll tell you I would eat almost anything and we got look at the beautiful canola's that's uh, they brought us by today
Look at those anthos great
Murray looks like he'd like one. Do you want one of those?
Huh?
Did you see the movie? Oh, you did see the movie how'd you like it
And Wayne loved it and if Wayne are to like did you uh better say you like that he's gonna cut off your um white hot
Okay, let's go to a Miami. Hello, hey Neil. Hey doing okay
It's my report from Alice Randell
He was on speech show yesterday
Effectively he said that
He is the longest in a way you get personal help and make these
Costic attacks at him he says that if he if you do he is going to
Let me quote
The O Roger out of the uh bad. Oh boy
I'm terrified. I can uh, yeah, I was really terrified for you. Yeah, I mean, I'm what a whim, you know
Yeah, you just can't take it. No, I can't and that's what I did not already say that before that
He just can't play the game that he's so so childish about it and takes everything so uh personal
Speaking of childhood like Michael said it's business and this man is taken at personal. I play a sonny said that
I plan on seeing the movie tonight. Yeah also
Spy report from store or cable
Rumor has it that they are real close to sighting with sports channel
However, I'm not holding my breath from a store. Well, I would be great wouldn't it? It would be but um again
I am not holding my breath and you know until I actually turn on the tv said and I see sports channel
I ain't gonna believe it. Yeah, actually I heard also that um how about continental
That's there's separate entity and you're gonna have to deal with continental
Forget it. No chance. The worst the absolute worst
You're better luck without continental cable is worse than southern bail and that's sandaline
Well, I don't know if there's any worse in store
Okay, thanks. Well, I guess I've been putting my place here. Thanks for the message. No problem. The uh
It's 1133 how we make it out on that big business deal. It's under consideration. I tell him to consider
This one right here the one in the middle
Anyway, 27th of dawn. We have an open line in date county 751 Alice's God 751
W. I. O. D
In fact, look at that picture of Alice wow
Oh boy
Anyway, you want a great deal on a quality W. I. D. Well, well now everybody's happy we're digging in the food
Anybody in a building in want to see we got some good stuff here from Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle
At 125th and northwest 7th Avenue and we thank Wayne and Murray. Let's see what we got 2040
60 more as a thousand and 75 is that it or is there more that's it thousand and 75
Well, does this include the 320?
Well, no, I think it was there one in here for 300 or where I'm imagining things there was so that includes it
Are we getting a little disorganized here or what?
Yeah, it's in there
Well, no, that's from
Huh
Let's find that's from temple Judea
As event still got the 320
From the other guys that separate from this or did she give him the check find out because I don't want to screw up the whole total
Okay, we're trying to do this early legitimate
I mean when you're taking it in the smud don't get all choked up now
what
Seven excuse us folks were busy
93,745 and there may be another what she's got it or is it in here?
She gave it to you
Well, what the hell is that is that this 300?
So that includes it all right. That's our total as of right now
97 and 93,000 that is in there 93,000 say here please take these because riches screw us all up
93,745 he took him out of the envelope so don't blame me for it
But we're trying to do things organized and he comes in here all he wants to do is just open up the mail so we can read all the notes and read my mail
But here's lovely Wendy Bennett from the coast get your music straightened out over there will you?
Wendy God you people give him a road map give a road map to a fleet would groove it
They're all all over the road again now you guys were right on target and you're lost
You don't know what the whether your fish or foul
Sounds pretty foul to me lately. Okay. Here's a call from poppano. Hello. Hey Neil. I did it great
The point to talk about two things
You don't leave one for no in there. You're gonna get your hands back to city that you can have one did George take one
No, take one
Yeah, take one. There's three of them in there take one don't argue with me take it Wendy cut the crap
Yeah, I'm sorry. Go ahead. Okay. I heard a lot yesterday about
Goodfellas that you had finally think changed your mind about well. I haven't changed my mind about anything
I just didn't know what it was okay. Yeah, it's a great what's a great film
That all of anybody told you it is still playing in local theaters really it's playing up in bokeh the shadow with 12
Well, I'm not gonna bokeh to see good for us. Well, you know, it's worth it. It's worth the trip
I think it's a really good movie
But another thing that bothered me yesterday got about the right before the 11 o'clock hour called in and complained about
Frato's acting in the first two films. Oh, what an idiot. I know absolutely
John Cassali's an excellent actor was and
He said I think he made he made a comment about well. You hadn't seen him in anything since
Well, of course John Cassali was married to Merrill Streep in the early 70s and he died of cancer, right?
It's somebody mentioned that yesterday. I didn't hear that. I'm sorry. I didn't hear that
Anyway, you don't take a chance and go see goodfellas up at in bokeh
It's really worth going to see in a big screen. I think it's only in bokeh
Well, it's the only place I thought I was looking for it for you in the in the papers
And I couldn't find any other place with the shadow wood
But that's a pretty good mall cinema. They have one 70 millimeters screen. I don't have to stay in show on that particular
Where is it? It's right the corner of blades and 441
Hmm, let's go ways up there. I can go up to sawgrass
Yeah, you can go up the sawgrass and go straight up 441
And then it's right off. It's round the northeast corner. Okay, so there's worth it
How are you? I'm Neil. Thanks. You too. Bye-bye
1143 W.I.D. We have a note. Now is the horse running Sunday?
How come I don't have is it in here?
Sometimes I feel
I don't see it. Oh, yeah Sunday night Christmas list
But it doesn't say what race he's in or who's racing against come on
Let's get that information over here. Alan. Let's get on a stick over there at Pompano Park and get that stuff over here
They do this morning at 9 or 10 o'clock
And we're sitting here with a piece of crappy copy from Southland advertising in our hand. Okay?
Get that draw over here
You know this time of the year is frustrating because everybody's like in a fog
They don't want to do anything. They're like on some kind of a damn busman's holiday
Wonder who stole that TV by the way from our newsroom
It's 1144 at W.I.O.D
We have an open line in Brown County get 45 guesses in the first 44 don't come by the way
Can I borrow your car after lunch George?
Paul Harvey Jr. Hey, how you doing? I can't believe it
Listen, you remember when you were
Used to push her back remember what when you were a kid now. I can't remember that long and you used to push your face up against the window
Pain and distort it and get it all smushy. Oh like last week. That's Sophia. I was looking in my neighbor's window
That's Sophia anybody that thinks she is beautiful. Oh, I heard that caller. Oh, his guys are just putting us on
I'll tell you what nobody's that stupid there was a couple problems. I had with the movie and and tell me if you agree or not
with the casting
Okay, you had Sophia you had Eli right you've your Hamilton there were three bad bad numbers
Who was the other one George Hamilton the fourth
And then there was another one there was one other one the guy that plays father are Guido Sarducci
You know the character father are Guido Sarducci. Yeah, you know comedy. He was in the movie the archbishop
No, no, no, no, no, he was he was a minor character. He had probably
Five minutes he was really in it. He was in it. No get out of here. You're crazy
No, there are a couple things you miss and that was one. Okay, whatever you see was not in it as father are Guido
He was in it as another anybody with an orange head, you know, you got to listen to what this man
No, no, no, he with that guy with the that guy was that actor was in the movie
Okay, he sounded exactly like you did his father are
Yeah, when you see it again, you'll pick it up. All right, okay, and the other thing too that I'm surprised nobody's anything about
What was the dumb the retired dominant sister leave that everybody loved?
Don Thomas, you know, Thomas, you know that he was one of a shot in the car right?
Well, didn't anybody pick it up that at the end?
Michael looked exactly like him wearing the same sweater
Now he didn't look maybe a hundred pounds less
He looked a lot like no, he did not he was wearing that time. I see no had a big snows almost like Sophia
What the hell movie did you see we talked to me those are Ducci and
Oh, wait, are we talking about the guy? I want to see laughing
He's gonna be doing already Johnson jokes the guy that was shot in the car
Don Thomas, you know, nothing like Michael Corleone
Well, Michael was a shriveled up a little gray-haired man and with the sunglasses and
It looked nothing like that time. I see no was a big fat blob of a guy who looked like I don't want to see
Well anyway, he looked up to him
He said that everybody loved him in Sicily. He wanted to be like that. He wanted to be loved
Right and at the end he's wearing that same khaki
No, you're just let me say something you you're from the Bill Cosworth School of movie watching
You're trying to intellectualize and read all these things and just watch it and absorb it and enjoy it
See it again a second time and pick up the things that you miss but don't try to read all the
Cable as an airy-dave you'll be finding symbolism on Sophia's nose for fun
All out a micro-emother was really pissed off. She's never seen conoles with candy to apricots on the end
That really pissed her off. You notice that's all Connie did was just suck on the apricot
Yes, you need to know he no dummy
He knew too. You notice he knew yeah, he knew he said here. You're so skinny. You have some first okay?
I think you like lick like a little thing off the end of a dinner all of the dinner mouth
I don't think so. I don't know about that. How about the granoli?
I think that's why she was so surly how much mercury you think Sophia has in her mouth
Good day good day 1147 and W. I. O. D
We have two open lines in brow. We have a major crisis in brow because the middle one is screwed up 524 9463
524 and W. I. O. D. But we're coming around now the food is here. We're kind of like chopping into it
And the food too and we're having a great time you like to eat you want to go out to some of the best restaurants in town
Then you ought to have I feel sorry for oh, excuse me. We're loving 53 at W. I. DC Thomas house
Gonna be our special guest in one o'clock hour and describing what thing the word finger food really means
Remember the Hitchir vector how are the finger in a fries?
Okay, we have an open line in brow at 524 and one on the starline star I. O. D. We'll go to Kendall. Hello
I know for the godfather. Yeah, let's get the permanent terminal
The bird enough of the godfather. Okay. What do you got for us sir? Well, just imagine laying on us
Just poor kids. It's gonna be born who's the son our daughter of
Suddekolman
With the buck teeth in the hair that looks like kind of Oriental gray hair
Maybe if they ever make bring Archie back to TV he could be in there for the child ever figure out who who it is
Yeah, okay
Hi, Sharon from Steve 1153 at W. I. Would. We have an open line in Broward and one in days 751 and day 524
In Broward
Miami, oh Neil. Yes, sir. This is the godfather in Tensis station now
We don't talk about things that are terminal. We're talking about how long it is listen
I haven't seen the movie let me ask you a question
Excuse me. What happened to Michael's two children Anthony and the little girl did they tell about that movie?
What even what happened to that's what we're talking about sir. Have you been
What's going on with you kid? That's who it is Maria. I mean Mary Corleone is the daughter that Sophia Coppola
Coppola whatever the hell his name is and
Anthony is the opera singer. They're like the center
I thought that Mary was Mary the one that was it was baptized
Right, okay. I thought that was Connie's daughter
That was Connie's baby. Don't you remember he was like he said I can't kill you suddenly because I mean
Clara because I'm the godfather your baby. I can't kill your husband
You're missing the point. She has the baby
Sophia Corleone was Connie's daughter. Okay. She got baptized in the church while he was doing mobile
I'm the other guy. Yeah, okay, but in this movie she plays Mary Corleone, which is his daughter. Oh, okay
I didn't know we don't know Connie kids have gone off to Long Island somewhere
We don't know where the hell they are either in the fur business or so. I don't know what the hell they're doing
They're not in it. Okay, they're gone. Okay. I didn't know nothing about them. I thought that Sophia was was
Still a Connie's daughter. No, I said they changed Michael wishes that but
Believe me when you see her I'm gonna tell you I think that the previews of stuff
I haven't seen the movie but when you see the movie
I mean the previews are nothing but when you really get a look at that push up close
And when you exactly when you think about these guys who've been calling in these real
I mean you talk about destiny about how she's a 10 on a scale
She may be a 10 on a scale of four billion, but that's about as good as I'm gonna give her okay
I mean she has if there's an uglier person in Italy than her. I haven't seen it. Okay unbelievable
She I mean even Don Tomasino was a beauty compared to her. I mean she is grotesque
Well, I was the guy that called on the other day and charge a Richard Conte's name right. Thank you
She's one other thing
I also just found out that good fellows is playing in
In no, I dropped the air. We just found out playing Pine Island at the stay road 84. That's closer. Yeah, yeah, okay
Listen, they'll thank you a lot have a good five. I'm like 1156 at W. I. D. Come on and have some food here
And then maybe you can give me my check too when you're finished. We have an open line at Dave County 7519463 751
Well, you forgot but you notice I didn't point and beat shallow
Yeah, yeah, I'm okay boy. I haven't seen Godfather 3 but good fellows is dynamite
That's what they're all saying. Oh man. So are you very
Well, I'm gonna go see it this weekend that we can kill four hours with it on Monday. It's well worth it be terminal
It was amazing. I'm Godfather down, but that was hot. I mean perfect. The opener is it would just set the stage for you
Incredible. I may have a typo in the
Palm Beach Post here, but in the ninth race today we have spirit of finer. Oh
Yeah, who's been drooping? Well, listen. He's about 86 years old. What the hell do you want?
We need drooping two if you're still running at that age
I'm gonna have to write him off with a spirit of fire boy. How about else magic douchebag and big Joey? Are they in there?
I see a textola Joe textola Joe. There's another old one search for the search for Sandy
I like on the problem, but we're up and pointing in. We'll never make it. Okay. Well, we'll see you what happens with the thrill. Okay
Good luck to you. Bye-bye. You'll need it.
1157 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line in date
751 and one in beautiful Palm Beach County man the home of the free in the land of Mike Miller
at 6559463 655 W.I
Not in there W.I. I'm dying over here. Oh, D. Let's go to a crossbrings
Hello, yeah
I'm called spring back away at the range. It's not an open grin. You sound like it.
Yes, you're betting on the old gray mirror.
Okay, don't lose so much money.
Wow, you know who that is too, don't you? Know those little can by the way next time we do a remote and those little kids stand up on the podium like that
You let them do it. We're gonna beat you with a two by four rich
See some people in the beginning they're okay and then they start pushing too much
And that was a nice family at that one-speccer mode. They were okay
We had some fun with them and all of a sudden the two little bratty study a former met now pirate fan kids
All of a sudden they want to be stars and they're up there on their stage and they're out
My my my my my they don't shut up and are like a couple a little wise kids that need to be beaten with a god damn two by four okay
Need to have the crap beaten out of those little kids and knock some sense into them to teach them a little better
Respect
Pirates my ass okay kid
We have an open line in date county 751
Sibrema's gone 751 W.I.O.D. and one in Palm Beach 655
George Bella's God 655
9463 boy by about the middle of August all these
Nationally East fans are gonna be crying in their emulsions. I'll tell you that
When the Cubs are four or five games ahead
coasting on in
Like I said when they're nine ten games ahead
Anyway, the lovely Elaine Etour who can eat a meal with the best of them and maybe someday she will she standing by with our new
W.I. She don't eat. I'm sorry. She don't eat. She wants to be like another Karen Carpenter and believe me she's got a good start
She's got the new and of course some
What's her name?
Our new news lady. I can't I can never remember her name definitely brownfield
Stephanie makes up for it
Now if you put the two of them together and you like
Split the line right down the middle
Anyway, like I started to say we'll be back at 12.05 then we got den glass the vice president
Hey Stephanie. I love people who can eat a good meal. Okay vice president of SBK records. He'll be on with Rick and Spud and then
Anyway, it's that time again. Our number three. It's a great. What the hell days it Wednesday through today?
I have no idea but it is payday. You know, does she ran back downstairs with the food? What?
Him
Where is my check? How come fat riches getting caused or we're not getting any
We're in trouble now. We got two open lines indeed
Boy, there's a good canola, sir
751 and day we got the sterling open at star iod in Palm Beach six five five nine four six three six five five
W.I. Day we would have
An open line in Broward that we'd invite you to call on but unfortunately it's broke
Miami
Neil yes sir. I saw the movie on Wednesday and I thought it was great. Well thank god for a man with good taste
It wasn't as good as the first two like you've been saying but I think it was a good movie right
One thing you had a caller a little while ago that mentioned that father
Guitarsard Dutche was in the movie. Yeah, I think he was. Are you cereal? Yeah, how could I miss that?
Well, he wasn't wearing his
Garb you know he didn't have the glasses and he didn't have the mustache
He was the guy dressed in a dark suit that introduced
Michael's daughter when they were presenting the $100 million check. Oh
We're early in the movie right right. He was like the master of ceremony. I'll be dead
Well, see if Sophia was in the scene. I probably wasn't I was trying to look the other way
Yeah, I know what you mean. Yeah, wait the fellow that called yesterday don't spend it all in one place
He didn't say that she was erotic. He said he read it
exotic
exotic yeah, you had a caller
yesterday morning before the noon hour
And he said that she was exotic. Yeah, she's about as exotic as a lizard and Okachobi
Well, you know, that's pretty subjective
I don't listen. It usually is but in her case, I don't think there's much room for argument
Yeah, she is a pretty bad actor
Hmm, if you can call her that she may not look good, but she sure can't act that's right. Well, she's got an influential father
Where there you go
One final note when Connie a dad's
Kazoli a little bit that's a Zoli Kazoli is pizza canola canola. Sorry about that. How come she didn't get poisoned
Which she just had a little bit he just like gave a little a tongue on the end of the thing there
That's all she did. Yeah, maybe couldn't you tell her well. Yeah, but I mean
What was he thinking about if he thought she ate some of it?
He must he was hungry. What can I tell you yeah, he had a reacting like he did you'd have been hungry too? He ate the whole box
Yeah, well, it was a good way to go anyway, wasn't it? Yeah, it was it was great
I just like I'm gonna do here. I think one more these will put me in the same condition. Okay. I'm out of material name
Have a great life
1209 at W.I.O.D. two open lines. They're both in beautiful date County
751 flick 751
W.I.O.D. as in flick this
Davy
Neil yeah happy holidays to you and the same to you. Okay. I bought
He your last remote about to
Kiss set. Yeah, all right. It was good
Okay, but there's no way to get the other ones the older ones. No, it's it
All right, and last thing I heard Sam majors somebody talking about him the other day. Where is he now?
At home it's it locally in his house locally. Yeah. Okay. No chance of him coming back. Come on back where?
Well, I mean, how about for Meg on Saturday and Sunday? He ain't coming back on this day. She can go to the bank on that
Yeah, well Meg is she just
Hondras my god. She was on I couldn't believe it. I forgot to mention that she was on channel four one day last week on the news
And on and on I mean you talk about self-promoting bitch. She is just embarrassing. I mean just never stops. Oh god
Well, I don't leave with that. No, that's true. I wish I would though
Well, don't roll over with your CDs. That's all I can tell you
Last thing last thing and how about Joey?
We're in the LZ he's doing Saturday nights in waxy, okay? Wow. Okay, that's true. Fill in your that's no. I just made it up
Well, that's good enough. Thank you sir. Okay, but what is what a guy huh? What a life talk about having no life
God almighty I give me answers and I would just make that up. No, he's working. I just anybody heard him as he's still on over there
Who the hell knows and obviously nobody cares either
What open line in date 751 2 and Broward 524 w i o d and well now this time
Are we gonna do the break because I don't he has been on that phone
I'm telling you Marvin is on vacation for two weeks and this man is just filling in the breach
He has been on that phone endlessly since I sat down here at 10 o'clock last time I go to take a break
He's like don't bother me. I'm busy with Marvin's calls over here. Okay. Let's do a break and we'll be right back
He never have two or words been spoken then I'm dying over here
Wow, at one point during the break we were down to like one call now we got three
But that's certainly not didn't I tell you we should have just played the rank today and I come through this mindless exercise
Today tomorrow and Monday hopeless. This is a limbo time
Miami Beach Neil. Yeah, I got something here. I think we should talk about here. Okay
Uh, then we poured in a sleazy paper and down Miami
The organized crime is um
Link to uh, there's no such thing as organized
No, said thing is the mafia the mob organized crime. It's all a figment of the county pinkal media
It is imagination. Not such thing as a mafia. No such thing
But at any rate they got to school buses in New York and uh
The contractors and law enforcement officials uh, they've told the times no less
That union influence
By suspected organized crime figures control the cost of hiring practices that many
Of the bus companies employed by the city yeah one company that transports disabled children and Brooklyn
Was run by a mafia hitman. I can't believe they report this past
Yeah, they were putting olive oil in the crankcase. I couldn't believe it. Yeah, it's just uh, you know, it's unbelievable
This kind of stuff is uh, it gives a bad name to
The good time people know what I mean. Yeah, should be put to start too. Okay, Vito. Okay. See it. Kazoolyse
Call 16 at W.Y. O.D. Now we got two calls on that board out at this point
I think it'd be a good time to start playing the cards. I mean you people are just hopeless today hopeless
You
Well see the reason to cut the women stop the music stop the reason I got disconnected is because I answered it because you're in a fog
You're like you should be in London. Okay. You should be like in London W.Y. O.D. Georgia's Dazing
Dozing
I want to speak to me. Oh, hold on W.Y. O.D. Georgia's on vacation. We are worried about hold on W.Y. O.D.
Hello
Okay, up yours. Okay. Now what was it? Dale. Yeah, uh listen in the movie on a credit at the end. It said Nicholas Cage
Was he in that movie? I mean, I thought a picture. I don't remember seeing Nicholas Cage. Nicholas Cage. Who the hell is that?
You know, it's the guy to play uh
Peggy Sue and pay in that play in uh in Arizona
uh
Well if he was in Peggy Sue that was um
That was their husband, huh? Yeah, it was Nicholas Cage. Yeah, but that was Francis Ford's movie wasn't it Peggy Sue got married? Yeah, right
Yeah, so he's don't you understand the guys in a nepotism? I mean a guy probably
He probably he probably brought the canolies or something
He just walked maybe to walk through
Uh, yeah, for that. Yo, God damn it. Listen if anybody calls and wants to know what these types
Yeah, just look it up in the dictionary. You'll see her picture now. See her picture
That's all I got this day. Me as would be a compliment for
Have a great life
1217 and wio. They mean you know like the guy said before a lot of things are subjective
You can think somebody is beautiful somebody else's there ugly somebody uh
But in her case, there's no room for debate. Okay, it's a closed argument believe me
It's an open-and-shut case and I think they should have it on her face
Miami, how you doing now great
Damn she is ugly. Oh
John us nose the size of the state of Delaware in fact it looks a little shaped like Delaware
She fell off the ugly tree and had every branch on the way when your nose is big enough
It can be broken in 17 different places. That's incredible. You know you're talking and are we facing between
Can we talk baseball for a sec? We can talk about whatever the how you people want because we're in La La Lancer
This is strictly an exercise. I've heard you mentioned Georgia Bell a lot if you haven't mentioned
You guys acquired Dave Smith and Danny Jackson Danny Jackson in a partridge in a pair of three
How come we still got all these starters? How come we still got all these catchers though
And how come we still got that first snuck in a Jerome Walton, okay
Jerome Walton is dumb. Okay. He's got raw talent, but he's dumb. He's never gonna be a great player
He can't run the bases. He just I'll take the sends a lot there any day of the week
Well, I'm a mad fan. I'm sorry
Well, you ought to be sorry. Okay. We were just to discuss in Kevin but you don't glad Kevin MacGrennell just milked 10 million out of them because
Strabber he's gone. I'm coming back for three more excruciating years of pain. I'm glad
Because Kevin goes to these very brief
Here's great these brief streets where he just hot as a pistol and then in the clutch he chokes. So you know that's Kevin
But I'm glad I'm glad Strabber is gone very simple. Well, you should be
temperamental guy got a little heat. He's in low jump revocator. Oh, he does sucks darling also sucks
And you know, you got one picture on a team and that's good in the rest of malls. So by all of the trees of crap
If people swing well this year they're gonna stop swinging
I'm doing. I was the last half of the season all of a sudden they stopped swinging
He's gonna be swinging from a tree in the Bronx somewhere big, but I you know
I like the acquisition of Huey Brooks, but I don't think Vince Coleman will win. Wait a minute. Wait a minute
Are you serious? I do like you be broke up for what?
Another troublemaker you got rid of one troublemaker got another one coming in now and he's over the hailey's an old guy and I don't think I don't think Vince Coleman will do so well on the graph. How about Ronald Coleman?
Who's Ronald Coleman the dead actor?
Well, I'm a young guy. I don't know about Ronald. Well, that's I'm trying to educate you
I'm gonna play Clements and now that we're going back
We've been we've been over that a million times. Name is Richard Castelliano. Oh my younger boy. He's dead. He's dead. He ate too many canolies. He's dead
Oh, that's right. We've got to leave the gun bring the gun only that's right greatest to what are greatest scenes in the history
In fact the puddle is still out there in the middle of the field out there
I'd like to know I'd like to know one thing. We're in New York. Did they find a field like that? I've been in New York a many times
Yeah, that was the whole state
There's a toxic waste bag in the back. Well, Neil. Thanks a lot and good luck to you guys. You're gonna need it
Hey, okay, good day. Okay
20 afternoon at W.I.O.D. We're picking up a little bit of smoke not steam a little bit of smoke
It looks like they just voted in the new Pope
751 and date and 655 9463 in Palm Beach 655 W.I.O.D
And we'll be right back George. If that's for you 1226 and W.I.O.D. the movies we were talking about wow
For all those of you into Freddie Krueger and isn't it ironic that the first movie
I can remember Johnny Deff ever being in was Nightmare on Elmestreet part one
Right
I remember that very well where he's lying in the bed naked with the T and E.
It got sucked through the bed and the blood was all over the wall. I got very excited during that scene
Anyway, it's 12 foot you don't remember that? You're a man. You're at and I'd in the at too many lunches with grave line. Okay. That's your problem
Wonder what they were eating. Okay, let's go to Tamarack. Hello
Yeah, Neil. I just got on I've heard a lot of talking about how ugly this girl is in the movie
How's the overall movies it worth the 1150 movie worth what the 1150 I'm gonna have to show out to go see it
Why you got like a whole bunch of people you're taking with you?
It's the white
Why is it 1150? Well, at least when I go in the evening it's 575 apart
575 what a ripoff in a daytime is three bucks
Well, that's two there worked during the day. Well, why don't you go on the weekend?
I
True listen, let me tell you something no matter what you pay. It's well worth it. It's excellent
Not forget about one and two. Okay. It's not as good as one and two
But it's very good when you leave you'll be very happy when to see it
Okay, and I heard I've heard so much about this and when that pusher hers comes on a screen just to look around you
Okay, just pretend you got like an itcha and scratch your face and just the she'll get off it real quick
She's not about Bridget fond of her. She worth
We're good in the movie. Oh, yeah, okay
The other thing I want to call about is um, I've just a recently moved to Florida
I just thought I listened to your show and this thing about the Camilla's house
Everything I haven't heard yet is the address to mail the check so WIOD
Okay, I'm gonna hear it very slowly so talk slowly. W
Hi, I get that
What do you got so far? I'm at the I W I
Oh
Oh
Okay, how about me? My Emmy
M.I.A
M.I
331
411 no
3 address just I know we don't want to run with that stuff. Oh all right, so
We're just putting the erudges on the Camilla's house or make the checkout to Camilla's house put my name on the envelope
And it'll get here but we'll stamp on it there and like magic all right
Thank you sir. Have a great life enjoy the movie
1229 at WIOD now let's see if I played my cards right
Boy and I see if I'd have known this I wouldn't have eaten all this food today
And I will admit this that the other day I was very good not by choice but by force
I didn't eat any food at the movie because I couldn't get any the lines that the can
I mean it didn't key little theaters there at that more said theater and they got a little
Most theaters you go in there's like a big concession stand with like I have it as some people working there
No problem, you know like four sides around this thing. I like a little rickety. Uh thing there
And you'd have to stand in line for an hour to get food. So no snow caps no milk duds no nothing
It was incredible
But if I'm gonna go see like two features. I'm gonna have to you know two three boxes of snow caps at least
So let me see how we work this out
Let's see good fellas at 430
How long the movie is that? Oh, that's a long one right is it three hours
Well, it's 115 430 and 715
Huh
It must be well, let's see in the last one is it 10 must be like two and a half hours
Well, that's good. I don't like these short movies. It are an hour and a half
It's like it's like our records. It's like those old records in the 50s that are a minute and 40 seconds long
You're not getting your money's worth
So godfather three is at seven
Goodfellas is at 430 boy. Can you imagine that and godfather three will be over 10 by the time I come out of there
I'll need oxygen and better take the helium tank along because if I'm gonna see one
I might as well go see the other one again
So we can spend two or three days more on this again next we can really get cane hysterical right is hysterical
steric
right conny
1231 at w.i.o. Do we have an open line and broard 524 Miami? Hello?
You all right today. Okay, I didn't see the movie yet. So how about goodfellas. You see that?
Didn't see that one either well. I hear it's tremendous and I'm gonna tell you something if it's not you're gonna hear about it tomorrow
Yeah, I mean these people are going on. Oh, it's great. You got to see it. It's the greatest things since sliced bread
Yeah, that's well they're saying that so I we have a new baby
So we have to wait till we get a baby sitter. Well isn't that cute. Yeah, it's okay
Yeah, maybe you can give some pointers to suds when it comes on later. Yeah, that's the truth about being a geriatric father
I'm about to add old no, I'm talking about him
Man, I don't know if there's any hope did you get your letter from the Miami hockey incorporated? No, I did not not yet
I got by in the other day. Do you have your check in there? No, no, it's a letter that says either
They want to keep our money
And because they want to bring either a farm team or a minor league team. Oh come on
You know how that's gonna go over here like a pregnant pole vault around the fourth of July right?
Well, they're taking a
Survey for a small house and then either if they don't get that then they'll give you your money back
I believe it's in June of 91 if they don't get anything. Yeah
But if you get something all right my foot up their butt is what they're gonna get they keep
$100 and the mad that god free woodman, you know something right from like the second day after the game after I gave my
Panamon ear he sounded like a real marginal douchebag to me. Yeah, I
I just can't believe they just didn't go into it whole heart. Yeah, we could have gotten if you do realize that don't
Because everybody else was back and out of it for 50 million. They all had they were screaming like let me out of here
Forget it. Well like you kept saying they didn't put any publicity nothing not one word
Zero
That's right
I wonder doesn't it? Yeah, I don't know what I'm gonna do. I guess I'll let him keep my money until like when that one to five shot finishes seventh and a
Six-horse field you start scratching your head and wondering how come you never got off the rail? Yeah, well
I can't wait till tomorrow so you tell us how good fellows is know what I mean I have to go see it
Huh, I may not have to go well. Listen. How can this many people be wrong?
I mean everybody just says it's tremendous all the critics give it a rave reviews. It's supposed to be great
Yeah, we'll just have to wait and see I just hope back in the store remember the name of it when I come back tomorrow
Let's you know how it is that's true. You might want to go to a drugstore pick up your own candy save a little bit of money
No, listen
Don't you understand in the movie theaters? That's where they make all their monies on concessions right?
Well, they got to pay through the nose for those movies. Yeah, they make money on pigs like us
We'll get and these people the other day they're bringing these buckets like a tub not just a bucket
A tub of popcorn you could take a bath in that damn thing you could put a lane editor in there and have room for the Russian army left over
Yeah incredible
All of it is kind of cute because Bob Mayor stuck his head up out of the tub give the news during the before the movie started
It was cute
Well, you have a good time this evening. Yeah, have a nice life
Well, I guess my day is all spoken for 1234 at W.I.O.D
Let's do a little pop it up boy. I should have gone up to pop it out my two man
We got a couple of real hot horses there tonight. Did we ever get the information on the
Draw nothing
You know this place is starting to give me a little bit pissed off today
I hate to put in those grotesque terms, but I understand it's between like Christmas and New Year and nobody wants to be here
And the show is like dying over here. We understand all of that, but let's face it
There's some important business here that's got to be taken care of and like denibers out of town or somewhere and
The sales department kids all in the hands of KT. I think he's the only one back there which speaks for itself
man
Anyway, the line five is working out man. Are we excited or what?
God, it's about time, huh?
And line four is the only open line on the board and I'm told that
Yeah, it's working that's amazing my Emmy
You know every day that I've been in this market is epitomized by that moment. Okay? 15 years of wasted time
Finally get every line working. We're all excited. I punch up the first one. That's on a thing here
Miami and like dead air silence
Screw you pal. Whoever you are. I hope you walk into a bus
We have an open line of date counties seven. All right, man. I know you're excited
You've got an air pull this pants down. What's wrong with him?
1253 at W. I. O. D. We have an open line on the star line at star I. O. D. You've been listening to too many stories
It's all I can tell you too many stories in Ferrari
Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, no, how you doing? Okay. All right. I just come back now from Boston
I've been there for two years, you know, yeah, no, I'm a don't even vacation man. I miss you guys you guys are what you know crap
Hot crap that's it you hit a redden and I couldn't say that we are hot and we're crap
Yeah, what do you got last night? I went to the show last night took my family now. You all right and wow man
What a disappointment. How can you say?
That you like that movie, huh? You know, well, I'm getting a piece of the action. Wow. What a bunch of garbage
You didn't like it. Well, I mean like you know, I'm mad. Right?
And if I left my wife 20 years ago, I'm not gonna take a Italy. I'm not gonna
You know, she's not gonna come into my way, baby
Yeah, but you don't have 85 billion dollars
And you're not you're not you're dead. He's desperate. Don't you understand? He's an old feeble man
Yeah, you know, and then you know, you know, you're talking about here. She knows all right. Yeah, I already talked about that
You know, we did we did two hours on her lips
Well, you know, did you notice that little all this little sprinkle what that oh god me is the worst what a dog
Yeah, even a Pope had her racks communicated before he drank his tea
Ha ha ha ha, but you know, you know, come on
It would have been a great movie if they kept like two I'm the same like type of like the first two
You know, just you know around here, you know, when you're up or whatever, you know
Whether it's like the church into the stupid thing, you know, or is that what it is? Oh boy
Yeah, I'm Catholic
You're staying out with cardinal cushing
Have it there. Come on. You can tell me that old
Then I'm you know, I mean like why don't they keep the streets like how the first two way, you know, like showing up all of you have to power
Electino so whatever then I think we've cardinal Spellman and the alder boys. I thought that was disgusting
Well, I think a cardinal while up there now, you know, yeah
No, the best part of the movie hey listen. Why do you think the cardinals packed up? I went to Phoenix for huh
Ah, they're no done. Yeah, but that's that's why there's no priest in Bosnum. Anyway, listen. I'm glad you enjoyed
I'll see you bring him to the ice cream
Ha, why you go to that dump to yeah, the best part of the movies with the end when he died, you know, I see it Joannemos
Tell him the most why you go see you go not see you
255 those people from New England are all the same, aren't they they're just basically all the same
Uh, we have an open line in brown or five two four and one on a starline star iody. Why do you think Foxboro race track is near anymore people like him
Right John Hogan my Emmy
But my two hour is up here. No
Excellent
Okay, that was the douche man calling on a speaker phone. We have an open line and date 751 and at starline
For our bell soft mobility there it goes w. I. O. D. George is trying to make a comeback
Hello, hello. Yeah
Who's this George
Yeah, this is uh is Neil there
You want to speak to Neil yeah hold on
Hello
Hello, Neil. Yeah
Listen, I'm from New England and I want to tell you I really can sick of the show you don't have any new material
You know what turn it off listen to Larry Glick
Sir
Yeah probably part of that same family uh five two four w iody and brown it and star iody and the starline a lot of hill
Hey, you're one okay, okay, uh getting pretty sick and tired of those new England calls they have old material
I got it 12 can it be felping number one. I just came off of 40 state business trip. I was gone about three months
Um, I saw good fellows in in LA and you're going to find that picture
It's the best picture gangster type picture i've seen this is great now
We can talk about it tomorrow all day that'll kill Friday and then Monday which we got to work new years
Eve day would kill Monday with it okay, but it will be all set will kill us here
Okay, now let me tell it all so I was in LA. I heard like is he's doing the same old stuff
I was in San Francisco. I could only take about five minutes of Bennett. Was he singing?
Yeah, oh it shocked me. I was in Chicago. I heard last year. Yeah, he had his wife on it really shocked me
There's no wife. Yeah, he sounds great
Doing what? I mean, she just sounds bright and she's and she's well. He better watch it, you know
Yeah, and then the other thing this you'll get a kick out about he's on pretty thin ice
I was embossing the day after election day. Yeah, and apparently
Jerry Williams things went his way the way he was pushing
So he's referring to himself as the dean
I
Couldn't tell you one thing you she's you're old enough for it. Yeah, you'll mistake about that
He was referring to himself as a dean. When he starts growing a little white go T. I'd start getting real nervous
Yeah
But I'm glad to be back and I'll tell you I listened to talk radio all over the country because there's been a lot of time in a car and music is boring
And you are definitely the best thing because even how it's turned
Even Howard admits it Howard said at neo-Rodgers. You know, he's a fat bag
He's the best thing on here in America. That's what he said. Well, I'll tell you how it's done
He blows hot and cold. Yeah
Yeah, Gordon Lidion one day was one of the greatest shows I've ever heard on radio
But that was the only one out of about four of five. Well, he's so obsessed with that damn Jessica Han
I can't believe it. Oh, I'll be honest with you know since she got a complete body change. He looks incredible
Yeah, but her her attitude and brain isn't much. Oh, they're none resistant
But she got like a whole body change. Oh, yeah, they pay boy playboy pay for the whole thing. It's like they took her brain
Which didn't take it off a lot like in a thimble and they stuck it in a whole new body. It's incredible. Yeah
Okay, I'm thinking about trying the same thing have a great life
1258 at W.I. It and all your people from New England. Okay. We're second-tired. All your belly
And that's all you do is cry and kvetch we don't want to hear about it go back and tell to Jerry Williams
Okay, that's see now old man. You know hold he must be now man is he old
He's got to be about 70
What are you smiling about he was 58 when he got mugged in 1980 that famous night on the air he was leaving town
That's 10 years ago
So he's 69 68 and he's pushing 70
How'd you like to be 70 and sitting on the air talking to a bunch of assholes every day, huh? God
If I had to do this another 22 years
I did it all right now. I'd call in sunny crawly on right now off the causeway. Let's just get it over with
shoes
Anyway speaking of old maybe
Elaine can go up to Boston and be on with Jerry God anything in a skirt. He just goes nuts. He chases anything
Right Barbara? Oh, let's do some barbush steadily stories
Anyway, Elaineette tours here. We're gonna cut the crap to the very important uh
pseudo intellectual one o'clock w.i.o. D news
This afternoon speaking of important and pseudo intellectual Rick and the suds father will be along to the six and their special guest
Wow my jealous Dan glass vice president of spk records. What the hell is that? What the hell is he pushing huh?
Probably drugs sports talk with hurricane hotlines saw a gym and the Joe and a partridge and a pair of tree and hurricane
Basketball at eight
1045 and counting for Camilla sauce. We are really doing it
We thank you all if you haven't gotten your check in a mail get off your dead ass make it out to Camilla
Sous 20 bucks or more gets you the best of mealtight number three male or two Camilla Sous per Neil Rogers W.I.O.D. Miami
3 3 1 4 1
Got it W.I.O.D. Miami 3 3 1 4 1 we thank you
Okay, let's take a caller tool get there a lot of here make room for a Rick and Sput
For the Sput father
Let's go to a nice lady in bokeh
Neil hi good afternoon. How are you? Are you a nice lady? I'm a very nice lady. That's what George said
I know don't you remember me from a couple of years ago?
Oh, uh, no, no, I didn't think so well. How could I remember from a couple of years ago?
But I can't even remember where I was last week at this time
That's really true, but I thought maybe if I jogged your memory a girlfriend and myself who used to sell pharmaceuticals
Stop floor to send you a couple of goody back. That's a felding lady. Oh close
We gave you that black thing that had the bubbles in it that went out slowly but surely
down the little
It had water in it and had oil coming out of it and you said it was naked little boys sliding down the
light off of
95 and sterling
Why?
naked little boys sliding off the slide at i95 and sterling road. Yeah, that's what you say
I know
Hey, by the way, where's the bird? I think a lot of chains since I've been here before
Yeah, the bird is in Lakeland playing modavani records on a three watt FM station in his basement. Uh-oh
He's history
Well, what about Steve Kane and Alice Rintel and where's all the people that used to be here?
They used to be where? Where have you been? Well, I've been in South Carolina. She's got to update me
Hey, well, I'll be guys staying. I don't have time to recap everything that happened
But the Steve went to New York and Steve got fired and Steve's back on a six watt station in four-large day old WFTL
Doing afternoons from two to six
But by the way, you know, I know that he would never tell a fib on the air much less a lie
But that thing about how they don't change their pattern at sundown or they don't change their power at sundown after five
What is it this month when we change pattern five thirty or five fifteen five thirty
After five thirty you could be like in plantation like at the corner of flamingo and
Sunrise you couldn't hear them if they gave you a million dollars to pick it up on your radio, okay?
Okay, so I know that it must just have been a slip of the tongue when he denied that they cut out like four watts in that or whatever the hell it is
So in other words you still don't have any decent competition and Alice Rintel is coming back on FTL next week from ten to two right here in this slot some stiff competition
And he means business this time no more shots from Neil. He's got a really butch up this time
Yes, so he's gonna really do a number if we even have the and first of all and even no wise things
We're gonna talk about them because it's a waste of time
But what he has the veterinarian on that's tough to compete with
You know speaking about event and surely tweeters is gonna be on there
She changed her name to Goldilocks or something. She's gonna be do psychic nutritional readings overnighter
It's gonna be great
Hey, Neil. Yeah, I think I need the bird to get some advice here that we got your bird right over here honey
What is it? Well, I've got it. I'm saying with a girlfriend in mind who has this little
Gellikon airy that's losing his hair. Yeah, and I asked what was wrong with him and she said he has like a
A's disease of bird
And he won't eat and he just walked around his cave and he can't even fly yeah fly on this
Sick what do you mean nice lady in bokeh? She was a sick old bitch. What the hell are you talking about or sick young bitch?
It's 11 past one at W.I.O.D
We have an opening on the Palm Beach line man. Is it great to have line five working again or what huh?
God we should stick around to an extra two or three hours or not
Why are you okay? I think during the
Cosfield Saltsman's online I think that man he can go down to get my check for me
Give him something useful to do
Somebody's got to go there and take care of this go down to accounting and make a scene down there jump up
And down take your pants down that'll get their attention briefly
Okay, let's do this right this time, okay
You I.O.D. We have an open line in Dave County, so it's really strange going on
Miami hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Neil. Okay. Well, wait a minute. Isn't that what you said pretty close
Okay, even admits it now. Go ahead
Looks like the cops are gonna do it this year. We're doing it
I think got a George Bell
George Bell we got Danny Jackson got Andre the giant we got Ryan O we got Mark Grace we got Greg Maddox
What the hell more do you want? Well, I wouldn't rely on Danny Jackson for maybe about maybe a couple of games five wins
Maybe seven well, he gets a hang-el every now and then every now and then like the Mike Marshall of the pitching court
Neil's one of my gonna help you kill maybe about four minutes and three seconds of airtime with with the mojo Nixon Elvis
Oh, do I have that in here or did I give it away? Oh, I do have it because I was supposed to give it away remember
You don't remember you don't even know what that we're talking about and you brought it up and I brought it up
No, don't you remember I had the uh thing here mode you're talking about skid roper
Right skid roper and mojo with mojo niggas and I had the thing in here
I said some lady was supposed to come in and I was gonna give her this CD and she never showed up
That was when we were doing our lunch things
So somewhere in this damn thing. I'll find it during the break
If I don't play it that's because it's not in here not because I'm a slime ball, but it just might not be
Well, you never can be sure
American the blade of you stack for me. Okay, he's loving. I'm looking for it. All right. Appreciate me. I'll have a good holiday
Okay, 20 after
Yeah, she was supposed to come in and get that damn thing now. What did I do take it home?
I wouldn't have done that what I got him we got him at and you realize now that Stan is gone
And was there anybody else here who had CDs? I don't think so I think one of these in here might be sud
So he claims I don't know which one it is, but these are all mine
Was that my check?
No
What we're gonna take lunch back if you don't cut the crap
All right, it's 21 after a 1 to w.i.o.d
I'm gonna look furiously and frantically for that CD and probably won't find it in fact
I'd almost bet on it. We'll be right back
The
Okay, 126 the reason I played that is because there's a card that I've never seen before it says Gilbert
compilation so it's like a
Four and a half minute card who the hell put this together since must have a whole bunch of Gilbert crap on there
And I think crap is the operative word what do you want Woody? I wanted to ask you why you don't do Camilla for a year round first of all
And why is
You're squishing his face up against the glass window for the same reason
Oh 126 the w.i.d
We have an open line indeed where we just hung up on Woody at 751 9463 751
W.i.o.d by the way speaking of Camilla Sousa our total on our way to 100,000 93,000 745
and counting
Now what the hell is it Thursday that means tomorrow we're gonna get some mail and the weekend mailed very sometime next week
Right around the new year
We're gonna get to our 100,000 dollar goal. Un credible
Fort Lauderdale. Hey, please not be done. Yeah, when is this? Hey, when is this?
I just got back in from Washington. I've been up there for about five months now
Yeah, and you know I'm and I so I haven't been keeping up with one going on, but
I've been I told all my friends about
The German Mickey Mouse Club and I know sometimes I know you don't like take requests or not depending on how busy you are
No way to me you told all your friends about it. Are they here? No, no, I told you they're in Washington
I guess when I get a show in Washington like Howard then I'll play it. Okay
Thanks me, I'll play it if I can find it, but you don't understand you've been away. We got like 700 racks now
No kid
God almighty the chances of my finding that on the scale of zero are a fear if you do I mean you know
It would be nice, but you can't you can't you know, you can't you can't I understand that's what they said to
Al Pacino in a movie and I don't think he could either
Oh, I can't ask you what the other thing was then
I mean everybody already said it that he died at the end of the movie, but I mean it was
They already kind of let that out of the bag any house. It's not like we're spoiling anything. Okay, where does not you Neil? Thank you. Okay. Are we prepared? Bye?
Oh god
German Mickey Mouse Club. Where the hell am I gonna find that we want to play it 7,000 times this year
And we got to get a whole bunch of material so that guy from the wing would get pacified. Okay, stick a pacifier in his mouth
Let's go to a mobile and West Palm Beach on the starline. Hello. Hi. Hi
Guess what what I know that girl that calls from South Carolina. Yeah, boy. What a lucky break for you
But she's really not like that. I don't know what was wrong with her um
You know what she was talking about when she said that little thing with little things rolling around in and water
You know someone sent you a black thing with blue oil and it was like a little mini lava lamp and you would spin it around and oh
Yeah, you remember that yeah, I like that we're both pharmaceutical reps. You moved away and I still live here
Well, she's obviously anybody that would move to South Carolina in the first place has serious problems
And I think it's affected whatever is left of her brain. Yeah, I think you're right. The hell is she talking?
She has a cat and she named it Kasa
Kasa Pines
Oh
She's got a cat well, I'd answer that tells me everything I need to know about her
But wait, can I say one thing what's that um tell her to call me on my one 800 number and tell me where he is like caller
Okay
Well, what does she got the number? Yeah, it's my one. Oh, I see and if she tells me where she's talking
That sounds like a personal message to me. No, it's not okay. I didn't say her name
It's an impersonal message, but I wanted to tell you one more thing and I bet you when she calls you
A lot nicer to you than she was to me. She was kind of snotty to be honest with you. We got like a bird fetish
Yeah, what's out? That's like ancient history. You've been gone for over a year. You know what I got
I used to send her tapes to your senses. She said no by now that she knew she just tried to be an Ojan provocateur
She's auditioning for FTO really probably show one other thing really quick. I thought good fellows. It's when it first came out
Yeah, I'm really
kind of
Green minutes about blood and stuff. Yeah, an excellent movie. I loved it
But I had to close my eyes whenever they killed somebody in it. Oh good. In other words, there's a lot of murder in it
A lot. Oh good. It's good. It makes me feel at home that way. It's a great story. It really is. Okay
Okay, we'll let you know look kill four hours with it tomorrow. Okay. We'll have the good good father. I want to hear it
Okay, okay. See you. I'm 31 at W.I.D. Thanks for getting me my check, man. It was nice. I got it
I got it just relax. Anyway, the guy that wanted to hear Mojo Nixon and Skidropper and Elvis is everywhere
Couldn't find that so I figured well listen. We try to please everybody. So just in case he likes this
But I got it for Lauderdale
Eel. Yeah. Hi, since you recently spent time in Vegas. I've got a little betting story for you. Okay. Uh, yesterday
I called a buddy markets up 5.44 go ahead
Speaking of betting
Uh
Call a buddy minor lives out there yesterday evening to have him a place little bet for me on the blockbuster ball, right? Yeah
See if Phil wants us to guard by the way. Go ahead
And I guess he went over there this morning and the first thing the guy said it at the room was
No way to mock. We don't listen. You're a great guy. We don't hold it against you. You smoked all our cigars
Like he pretends he's not listening, you know what I said? We don't mind. Okay. We understand you were on a very low budget
You can smoke all the cigars you want. Okay
Two boxes he's smoked all by himself he just locks himself in the closet and smokes the cigarette like chain smokes it
It's like getting even or something. I think Steve put him up to it. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Okay. So uh, he goes over to the uh,
Wait a minute. You're not going to FTL are you? Is he going to FTL? Boy you and Nick man. What a team that'll be go ahead anyway back to big
Um, so it goes over the room the first thing the guy says is lot presser. Boy. I don't think we got that one
So then he looks oh yeah, there it is. So I said uh, I told my friend. I said I want to put a hundred bucks on state
Yeah, I'm from Philadelphia. That's playing. That's one thing to me right. Let's play in its safe
So
So he calls me back this morning says I've now got a hundred bucks on state. I don't know who to root for
In other words, he doesn't know who you got. No, well, he didn't have, you know, well, why not?
Your bucks on state, you know, so I've got it. So, you know, yeah, you got something
But I don't know what till it's all over. Well, Penn State's going to kick the race. I'm sorry. I think so and you're going to wind up losing
Because you got FSU. I don't even know it. I don't know. He's also from Pennsylvania. So, you know, no, I don't know
I don't want to start going back into Vegas again because we killed a couple of days on that and I don't you know
It'll be terminal if I say that and somebody will do it like an hour on it this afternoon and another station
But Vegas is is it it's where it's happening boy
This this town is so dead. It's embarrassing Vegas is just amazing. Yeah, just tremendous
Even when the weather is crappy. It's just tremendous
Yeah, and the fact that they got services that everybody ought to have
Yeah, why do I have to call out to Las Vegas place of bed on
Exactly go out there to the to a good sports book. You've been on anything that moves
And some that don't right like Notre Dame some that used to like a Notre Dame right?
Couldn't say that better like Notre Dame basketball. Bye-bye. See you. Boy, he got off there in a hurry didn't he?
134 at W.I.O.D. We have an open line in brown. We're five two four. It's ringing as we speak in a starline star
I mean now that the phone is fixed man. God only knows what we can do in the new year. We can do it
And the other thing that I heard yesterday
I wasn't going to go into this but this crap about well the bottom line at the end of the year were a low
Shoe string operation and they got the big over it
Yeah, but you know the sisters got five billion dollars. Okay. What's King Paul got this week, huh?
I mean who the hell are you kidding Steve again? I'd missed he should have been on how do you do?
The mr. Bluster, you know talk a good game got nothing to back it up
We don't care if we lose money. We don't give it up
We're just here to have a good time and feed everybody and just have a great time. Okay. We have like a little
Security like look in the mirror. You see what security is here. Right Steve
Hollywood
Hello, yes, yeah, Neil. Yeah, I've got a question for you when's our horse running again?
Sunday night sir ninth race number one drew the rail Christmas list
Thanks guy. I appreciate it. It even leaves from great Britain driving
Pavey has got the two horse in air so we couldn't drive and of course phase back at the middle land so we got Steven Lee's
Who on the rail, but he's got the rail
Yeah, but sometimes there's a least that one there on the rail. Yeah, but you don't understand let's see
Kevin Wallace has got Agon Lovale so we'll send him to the front again
He'll cut the mile for us and we'll win in a stretch again and that's good drive
Yeah, okay, got a maiden to shade. I'll be there. Okay me too. Thank me. Oh, yeah
Don't forget in fact. That's a spot. What a great lead and sure. I want to thank you and absent you
I want to thank you after the call we were looking at the next break and there's poppin o harness comes up again
What 41 at W.I.O.D. Fort Lauderdale on a Palm Beach line
Yeah, yeah
You're in scent you're doing incense
You know
In Jose, Konseco are in bed together. Oh really? Well, not in the literal sense. Oh
It's all serious. No way Jose
Jose screwed the public once again
He was supposed to sign autographs at two o'clock. It's one of his buddies baseball card stores. Yeah
You don't believe what he did no show
Calls the owner of the store at 10 o'clock the night before yeah, suppose it appearance. Yeah, tell him
He really didn't feel like showing up mr. Shine how much where you gonna make on this I'll just pay off
In the meantime the rest of us assholes. Yeah with kids and everything. Yeah, went out there buying balls and posters from design the next day
Yeah
The mr. ego
Not came the other one or Konseco. Yeah
shows up at 10 in the morning with no announcement nothing
You broke a lot of little kids hearts
Yeah, and I called Kane show to complain about yeah
Any defendant into the health and it said I'm sorry you didn't see the thing in the paper
Neil let me ask you something
Go ahead
Can they possibly print
Something in the paper after 10 o'clock at night to appear in the paper the next day of course not
So mr. Kane is I mean they could have they could have was like an ennus thing or something like that
But it's not even a liar in an ad. I don't can't see it and he's defending mr. Shine. Yeah
Well one good shine deserves another sure good luck to you
Some people never learn 143 at w. I. O. D. Let's go to fort lotterdale. Let's go to it
Yeah, let's do it. That was a sad story. That was incredible. Yeah my heart is just
trembling
Listen to the waitances Monday to get on with my personal godfather story
Okay, now I'll need the music and I want show to prepare the pick card all right
Point going well
You know it's interesting because I just been putting away all the carts and now you're creating a lot of work
Lot of
I understand but it's like you don't you understand what it gets to be about the last 20 minutes
We all pack up and we're ready to get there. I did wait Monday for nothing for here goes and it's truly a personal story
Okay, you'll have to help me with one thing what year?
What year the what the hell was that what oh there we go. I was the wrong car
But let me ask the question first what year did the first go as far the book come out approximately
You know the first book? Yes
Oh
I would sit when 68 oh
Kids about these around 70 I would say even 70. Oh, that's even better for my story. Okay. Here goes
I back in about 1967 ish all right
I'm a writer. I have a girlfriend who it turns out it turns out worked with and I knew the sister of Mario Puzo back in New York
Yeah, of course. This is before anybody knew who Mario Puzo was
And I will tell you this I'm bragging a little today
I used to send money notes over to the office and all kinds of gags and all kinds of writing things and
How one day Virginia Mario sister said to my friend Marsha that you know your friend
No names mentioned shouldn't waste a time on the
That bat lines ringing by the way George the bat lines ringing. Okay. No, no, I'll be finished
No, it's good. No, it's a real nice story. I have a real. Hey, didn't I give you that can only now just shut up and eat it
Let me finish. Okay, so she said you should tell your friend. This is my brother who turned out to be what the hell are you?
Yeah, is a writer he goes to the new school this and that and she should take her writing seriously
I mean, I was sort of being compared. Oh, we know who that is. Yeah, Puzo, which is real nice
But here's the clinker there's a guy named so
Living down here now getting this is where the pig noise comes in
Just so happens the only kid only claimed to say my men in a few weeks ago and he's a real
oink oink
Or all the many men you want male show in this pig and think he's better than any other man in the world. I think
He happened to buy Mario Puzo's house at a North, New York
So that's about his only claim to say man listening so you're a real
Blind bug is but I feel good that you know, I really didn't know his sister and
And up to two years later he becomes the biggest thing and unfortunately I haven't followed
him with that but I kind of rubbed out those with that famous and I think I'm definitely
going to get to see this movie sooner than I ever would have thanks to you and your
followers.
Okay?
Is that it?
Yeah.
Okay.
Sandy.
Wow.
I've heard of killing a couple of minutes but that was like butchering me.
That's like the scene in Miami Blues.
Did you see Miami Blues?
Anybody?
No?
There's a great scene in there where this nerd who's trying to be the Don Johnson of this
movie goes in and he's holding up this store, this convenience store and he's got this
bodyguard in the closet and he comes out and the guy blows him away and he's got his hand
on the counter.
He's got one hand on the gun and one hand on the counter and he shoots a guy and he's
got this big cleaver under the cash register and he chops off like all his fingers, like
four fingers right in the counter.
They're just laying there.
It's beautiful.
It's great.
What the hell does that have to do with anything?
I get out and then they pull me back in.
148 at WIOD.
The max card is for you.
They'll make you an offer.
You'd be a fool.
Great.
Okay.
152 at WIO.
The Ileana came in and said, how was your Christmas?
I said, great.
She said, you get everything you wanted.
What a smart ass, huh?
That'll be the day.
Well, there's always hope.
Anyway, uh, suds by the way, Kim and Siddiquette, a great sale on coat hangers and zairs.
So if his wife is listening, I'd head for the hills.
Okay.
This man has got that look in his face.
Incredible.
You're brutal.
Miami.
Oh, my God.
Bring my way all around.
I'll wear your cow.
How?
Excellent.
Okay.
Miami on two.
Hello.
Hi, Neal.
How you doing?
Okay.
I was actually remote at Bizarre and I got a gift certificate at Chuck's takeout.
Yeah.
What their Sunday night, it was fantastic.
Great.
It was really.
We should thank them again about 100 times.
What did they send like $8 trillion worth?
I mean, it was really incredible.
Tell me, I think just about everybody who bought a tape, uh, got a gift certificate.
Right.
Great.
Fabulous.
It's good.
Also one thing about Wise Guy.
I mean, um, good for us.
So that's based on a true story.
And it is a great movie.
The book Wise Guy is even better, like most books and movies.
But um, it is great book too.
Well, I'll let you know tomorrow.
I'm going to, uh, I'm going to pack it about 400 boxes of milk duds and we'll check it out.
And the part about Al Pacino dying.
And, um, Godfather three, that was in, um, light magazine.
Yeah.
About everybody.
Well, let's see the point of it is you don't know how he's going to die.
So you think he's going to die another way earlier.
But he doesn't.
But in the Andy dies, just like Marlon Brandt, well, it had to.
Yeah.
Paved the way for Godfather for and, uh, what's his name?
Garcia.
Andy Garcia.
Okay. All right.
Have a good one.
You get from North Miami Beach or was it Miami Beach?
I North Beach.
North Miami Beach.
Whatever.
Anyways, like a puny ugly kid in high school.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
Are you ready to do this service for me?
What was this bonus, Sarah?
Now, give me the line.
Give me the, where was that from?
That was after Sunday.
God shot on the cause.
You got it.
Did the greatest.
Why was that difficult?
Well, I've got a few more, but I don't want to say to him any big things.
Is there some day in that they may never come?
I'll ask you to perform a service.
Right.
Right.
And it isn't going to be a good day.
But in the meantime, except this justice is a gift on the day of the day of the wedding.
What about my daughter?
That's great.
My daughter's wedding day.
Did you happen to notice that Dion is going to be in Miami on New Year's Eve?
I sure did.
Okay.
I know you're a Dion.
You bet.
So I'd call you on that.
Question.
I didn't catch your show yesterday because I was not able to listen.
Well, it was terminal.
You know, we did four hours on Godfather 3.
And according to one of the radio talk show experts, it was terminal.
Well, it's okay with me because I love it.
I could live on.
It just didn't size up, I guess.
Was it worth the thing?
I didn't hear your comment line.
Absolutely.
It was good.
Don't listen to any other crap.
It's worth saying.
Don't try to compare it to one or two.
Just view it as a continuation.
Take it for what it is.
There are some weak points like there are in any movie, but it's on the whole.
It's excellent.
Okay.
So it's definitely worth a lot.
I mean, it didn't grow six and a half million dollars the first day for nothing.
Yeah.
Well, that's been a big thing around the country.
They've been showing on CNN and everybody.
Exactly.
It's the big story.
And I get ripped because I spent a day talking about it.
Now, of course, so we spent part of today also a lot of it.
But because that's the number one topic, right?
Well, that's what people are excited about.
Well, let me tell you something.
In my opinion, it's one of the greatest acting jobs ever by Marlon Brando.
It was one of the best actors in America.
So why not talk about it?
You mean the first one?
Well, yeah.
I mean, you know, but that's what it was all about.
Well, what about, but this is also one of the great jobs by Al Pacino and Andy Garcia's tremendous.
Yeah.
How's standing?
He's not becoming star.
Yes.
Well, anyway.
And I hope he remembers all of his pizons here in the South Florida and sends us a lot of money like Johnny Defton do.
I took some photographs into a coconut grove camera where I live in the grove and his sister still lives in Miami.
And this guy that works behind the things is, hey, you want to see some pictures of Niagara Steele?
They show me some like Thanksgiving pictures out in California.
And there he was.
It's just the normal guy sitting around the table.
Just a guy.
But the vet, now listen, when you see this movie, don't just look about for the acting.
Keep in mind that this is history also.
There's so much truth in this thing.
And, you know, the thing about the Vatican banking scandal in the Bank of Movelaria
and the Pope dies mysteriously in good health and goes to Betty feels great.
He don't get up in the morning.
Just keep that all in mind.
It's incredible.
Well, you know, I'm probably as thick a fan as you are.
So I'm not going to be disappointed.
But just to tell you, my feeling is, I'm glad you're talking about the Godfather.
Because it's an interesting trilogy of movies.
And as other people don't like it, let them call them after.
Yes, screw them.
Okay.
Let them take their measuring stick and sit on it.
Okay.
That's right.
Listen.
Like Marlon Brando said, I don't apologize for not, like he said at the end of the movie.
I said, I don't apologize for the way I ran my family.
Right.
I never wanted this for you.
Right.
I thought it'd be governor calling you.
Senator Colioli.
But another president of aunted.
Fred, he's weak.
Like a son.
See ya.
He sleeps with the fishes.
157 at WIOD.
Fort Lauderdale.
I should be banished to listen to STL for the next two or three weeks.
However long they last.
But I'm going to say something against...
Everything that everybody told you today.
Yes.
Good fellows is a good movie.
That's it.
It's a good movie.
But not a great movie.
Exactly.
So in other words.
But you're going to be disappointed, Neil.
Don't compare it to God for the rest of the movie.
Oh, I'm not comparing it.
But I mean, if it's good, it's good.
If it happens to be right there, I could roll a stone for my house to where it's planned.
No, I know where you live and I know where it's planned.
Right.
It's a good movie.
It does not compare.
And it's all three.
And I've seen all three of them.
And I'm in the guard for the intensive as you are.
And it's a good movie.
I didn't work out of this here.
Excited or related.
And everybody is going to jump because all morning one of them has been telling how great it is.
Oh, yeah.
Well, not just today.
Yesterday.
Oh, they're going out like, oh, forget about this one.
You didn't see.
And a lot of the reviewers are saying the same thing.
Like, oh, good.
This isn't even in the class with good fellows.
It's like one of the top of the year.
I'm anxious to hear tomorrow more than this.
Do I dare you or anyone?
What?
Whether I have to listen to SCL for two weeks or not.
Where do you live?
I live in Fort Lauderdale.
Oh, well, you could at least pick it up.
Well, that's something to be on the safe side anyway.
Oh, yeah.
I can pick it up if I have to.
Yeah.
If you're desperate.
If you banish me to it.
Never have to.
Okay.
I'll let you know.
Thank you.
See you.
Bye.
Boy, that's music.
It's like, it's like, it's like a neurotic obsession, isn't it?
They say you want to go out and you just pound the pasta.
Who is that?
Is that?
Oh, no.
Is that Francis Ford and Mara and Sophia?
Oh, God.
They shot her to a screen.
They shot her to cement.
Remember, I used to say they shot Donna Mills to Lynne Olium.
They shot her through some, and she's like in a background.
Here's Francis.
What magazine is this?
This is in People.
And here she is with a schnauz that killed Vermont and the cock-eyed lips that point toward Massachusetts.
Oh, man.
She is a thing of beauty and a joy forever.
Well, listen, have a wonderful day.
We'll see you tomorrow morning at 10 and rehash all these disgusting movies.
Anyway, we got, is it Elaine?
Is it Stephanie?
It's Stephanie.
He is, I'm telling you, he is on permanent vacation and he don't know it yet.
Even Aerospace is embarrassed.
And then we got Dick and Dutta too.
We got Hurricane Hotline with Joe and the Jim at 605.
Hurricane Basketball to Palm Beach Classic at 8 tonight.
South Florida's new.
