News talk radio 610 W I O D presents the Neil Rogers show.
Get in touch and talk with Neil, dial 751 W I O D from day.
Inbroward is 524 W I O D, Palm Beach 655 W I O D,
and belts up mobility customers making a free call by dialing star I O D.
The opinions expressed for the guest hosts or callers are not necessarily those of this station.
Now here's Neil Rogers, a News Talk Radio 610 W I O D.
Take the ribbon from my hand.
Shake it loose and let it fall.
Oh!
Blame song against your skin.
Like the shadows on the wall.
Come and lay down by my side.
Feel the early morning light.
All I'm taking is your time.
Help me make it through the night.
I don't care what's right or wrong.
I won't try to understand.
It's been a difficult day tomorrow.
Lord, I need rain.
Yesterday is dead and gone.
And tomorrow is outside.
And it's said to be blown.
Help me make it through the night.
I'm going to make sure I don't get to see the rain.
I'm going to make sure I don't get to see the rain.
I'm going to make sure I don't get to see the rain.
I'm going to make sure I don't get to see the rain.
I don't want to be alone.
Help me make it through the night.
Well, it kind of shocks you up, doesn't it?
Man, isn't it kind of appropriate that it's wintry and cold and blustery?
We have the flowers here.
We want to thank Darby's floral shop, Mike Uspelger,
in Oral Springs for sending some beautiful flowers for the occasion,
soon to be WMRZ.
What does that stand for?
MRZ memories.
Oh boy, what memories?
Well, it's kind of a solemn day because it's official now.
It's disappeared right.
They just like reaching in there and grabbing it right off your radio.
And wasn't that something to watch some of the newscast last night,
some of our local news.
And there was Sally and Penny just spinning around like twin radles
with their 14-second story.
They kept promoing the hell out of it about WS News.
And then when a story finally came on, it was like about 14 seconds.
And I thought they were going to both break down.
It's the end of an era.
Oh yes, oh yes, it's an end of an era.
And then Dwight Lauderdale with the silly news over on Channel 10.
I want to make a comment to you people at Channel 10.
You suck.
Okay, you really do.
And I've always said that and they do.
I mean, there's grandma doing the news and there's Dwight looking like a silly goose.
Looks like the Cheshire can for Madison Wonderland.
And he goes down about, oh yes, it's a sad day.
No talk to listen to anymore.
There's no talk.
And then even Juan Cotex, who called me, I think twice yesterday,
not just once, keeps bugging the crap out of me.
He writes in here about the WNWS was the last issues oriented English language talk outlet
in the Miami Fort Lauderdale area.
WIOD is a line of a talk host,
but their programs are what the industry calls topicless talk dominated by entertainment novelism.
And they call it the quality songs and gag.
Yeah.
Gag this one.
Isn't that interesting how some of these people define what talk radio is?
Of course, they've met, as usual, they missed the whole point.
And that is things evolve, things change.
And it's that geriatric so-called topic oriented talk.
That's what's dying.
And when Juan calls me yesterday, he's saying, well, you know, these syndicated shows like Bruce Williams in this.
I said, wait a minute.
Bruce Williams doesn't do topical talk.
He gives people answers to their problems.
He says, call a lawyer.
So if you want to hear everybody else's problems for two or three hours, that's what he does.
And even the king, he doesn't do topical talk.
He just kisses butt for like five, six hours every night.
It's dead.
It's dead.
And I have a list here, as we're preparing for later on today's activities and festivities.
And it's noticed that my friends in the afternoon have like milked this.
Three shows they've gotten out of this and they never even worked there.
They don't know anything about that place.
They don't even know where it is.
And they've appropriated me to write in the Hearst today and go Yisqedal, Yisqedal, Shremei, Raboa.
How long does that take?
I can do that in three seconds to say, cottage for that place.
And I'm going to stick around here, although I will say Diane's coming in to give me a haircut at one o'clock,
so I look real good for this.
Would you please remind me to have her cut my eyebrows?
I feel like Andy Rooney on a bad day and he's not one of my favorite people.
Anyway, I've made a list with the assistance of Mitch Ween, who also of course worked at WS News.
I've compiled a list of names.
What a list.
And I'm sure the audience will help out.
Maybe even Al will call in this morning.
Unlikely, maybe Steve will call you.
Know what I need Steve to call and watch the bat line, George.
George didn't pay attention.
We need Steve to call in.
I'm sure he's listening, waiting for us to promote a show again on WFTL, which starts a week from Monday from 2 to 6.
Hey, listen, competition is good, it's healthy.
That's what Y100 says.
Of course, we saw that article in the paper again.
Well, WIOD let go of the dolphins.
Never. No chance.
If it strangles them to death, if it costs them $100 million a minute, they'll never let go of it.
Because it's like, joined at the hip.
It's like, surgically sealed.
And it works the other way around too.
The robbies will never let go of WIOD and Mr. Weaver.
Trust me when I tell you.
Didn't I tell you last night, third round?
So I gave you the wrong guy.
But I gave you the right round for the fight.
Nobody's perfect.
What do you want?
Everything you want the right round and the winner?
You nuts.
That's like I'll give you winner today at the call.
Or fourth race.
I can't tell you the horse, but I know the race.
Yeah, with a purple sash in the Shmatian.
Anyway, after we do a break.
Oh, I need to say Steve to call in his girlfriend, Robin from Orlando.
I know the first name.
I don't know what her last name was.
He brought her down.
She did a little show on the weekend.
And I don't know what else she did, but I can imagine.
So Steve, you can probably help out.
Because there were, see what these people were talking about, the end of an era and all of a sudden.
What they don't understand is that once Sudburying sold the station and Dick Casper was gone in the old crowd.
It was never the same.
It was like a whole different ballgame.
And then rock off near rock off-bottied, a really strange guy who started to destroy it.
And then of course, if anybody can really put the final nails in the coffin, Jefferson Pilot came on after they blew WGBS out of the water and turned it into Espanol.
When they sold it to Radio Mabbi.
And they came over.
They just absolutely decimated it.
They created an audience that was post death.
And you notice the interesting thing about them, with all their whining and all their kfetching the other day and all their Dennis Collins with his waxing all eloquent about his audience.
And now they're out there, but there aren't enough of them.
The same remedies always with that company.
They just kept shuffling the deck.
And GBS did the same thing.
They had David Gold and they had Beth Smith and they had Lee Fowler.
What they would do when they had no numbers, they'd move them all around a different time periods.
They kept shuffling the same direct around it in different parts of the day.
And guess what? They still don't have any numbers.
Oh, you know who I left off the list?
The Dean.
The Dean.
How could we leave him off the list?
He was on GBS and W.S. News.
And Gretchen Graham, Mitch reminded me.
Oh, boy, if I got a list here, this, we could kill all of us.
And I mean, kill.
What a list.
Is Steve going to call in and give me Robbins last name?
Also, we had a newsman.
When we first went on here in the old WFAB studios on Flagler Street.
After WFUN went dark for a month, we had a newsman named Al Something.
His last name, I think, began with a G. He was Italian.
And he and Jack McCoy, another newsman.
They had like a fist fight in the hall.
I remember very vividly.
We also had our first production director, a stab,
tried to stab somebody with a knife.
We had a classy outfit at WNWS.
And it would be, well, we had to get all those hostilities out in the way in the beginning.
So it made for good blood, so to speak.
If I got a list, and then of course, at W.S. News,
when they bought that station and the number started going down,
the demographics were post death.
They did the same thing.
They started moving people around.
Allen E. Midday, Allen E. Afternoon, Allen Amorin, Debbie in the Midday,
Debbie in the Afternoon, Sandy in the Midday, Sandy in the Afternoon.
Compulsive destroyers of radio stations, Jefferson Pilot broadcasting.
And now I turn it on this morning.
And guess what? The music they're playing is great.
The only problem is it sounds like somebody sticking a microphone up to a speaker.
Good job, look, D.
Excellent music. You just can't hear it.
It's like the coast on AM.
So anyway, with apologies to Fleetwood Mac Groover,
it's 117, ooh, wouldn't that be nice?
1017 at WIOD, and we'll be right back to continue with these incredible memories.
I bet you the audience is going to help us out.
Are you back? Dennis? Dennis? Dennis?
Is he gone? Dennis?
He'll be on there.
1017 at WIOD, we got the flowers here too. They are beautiful.
God are they great.
Got a little thing on top, a little bow.
And it says, Rest in Peace.
By the way, bow Robinson.
How could we forget him?
What the hell was his name? I have him at Bob Robinson.
We used to call him bow. Bored up.
He used to have his finger all the way up to his brain.
He was digging for dollars. I'm serious.
How would you like to sit for four hours every day
and watch someone pick their nose all day, every day?
It's a good thing we didn't use to eat on the air in those days.
Man, I could have weighed about 40 pounds by the end of that experience.
Well, just think about it. Not too appetizing.
1018 at WIOD.
And we'll be right back.
So anyway, as we continue with this incredible experience,
while I can't stop playing it, I'm sorry.
I'm obsessed.
It makes me want to go out to a pawn shop by a 357 Magnum.
Take the ribbon from my hand.
Just let her say turn it loose.
But she says loose. I don't know.
There we go.
Anyway, it's a 1021 at WIOD.
So that's what we want.
We want some people who can help to add to our list today.
If you got some of the memories of the greats and the near greats from WNWS,
I was there from the day they went on the air in the old WFAB studios on Flagler Street.
It was incredible. A dump like you've never seen.
March of 1978.
To the end of December of 83, I was there for six long, incredible, excruciating years.
I could write a book. I really could.
Unbelievable. You think I'm making it up about the production guy with a switchblade?
I'm not. Try to knife somebody the first week we were there.
And the fist fights in a hallway.
And the old newsroom with all those pictures of Sean Cassidy posted up there on a wall.
I won't tell you who put them up.
That would be embarrassing. But it would be fun.
And the battles of the talk show hosts.
And I'm going to read the list of names a little later on.
And then this afternoon when we do that thing, I guess I have no idea what that's all about.
But I guess if we go through with that, we'll kind of read these off in memoriam.
May it rest in peace. WMRZ.
Memories. That's going to be the new call letters.
Are we not? Well, that's in the paper somewhere, isn't it?
Okay, let's take a call from Miami Beach.
Hello.
Are these people on here? Is they bored on? Hello.
Hello. Yes.
Uh, guess, Neil. Guess who's going to be at the WIOD Wake Party today at 4 p.m.?
How many guesses do I get? About two.
Moishie Pupik.
Wrong. Okay.
One more.
Ellen Morpheus.
Wrong.
Gilbert will be there.
Oh, I know.
Gilbert claims he is going to lead the funeral procession to the WNWS building.
Great.
So if anybody really wants to come down and see him.
No, if anybody wants to come down and bust him. Excellent.
Thank you for this call, sir. Let's alert the pigs. Let's get his ass in jail.
Right. Thank you, sir. Okay.
Great job.
1023 because I'm not going on that property.
I'll tell you that right now.
Melvin and others.
And if that hearst starts going in there parking lot, I'm jumping out.
I'll go over to Taco Bell.
Because knowing Dennis Collins and loving him the way I do,
I just don't want any part of that. You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Yeah.
What this fall.
Lane's on against your skin.
And of course there are a lot of people out there don't even know what they all
it's all about.
They don't know W's news from from their ring finger.
Okay.
They know nothing, including the guys in the afternoon here who are making a big,
good song of the dance about this Rick and Doug.
They know nothing about it.
But they're sure doing a good job of milking it for all its worth.
I'll say that.
Speaking of milking it as a Milky Way.
Mitch Wayne came up with a few good names, including Kathy Walker,
who was a rather rotunda secretary, very nice young lady, fat.
And Kathy had her desk, and I guess she was like envelopes and different things in there.
And if you ever were going for a piece of stationary at envelope,
and you just lit open a certain drawer and Kathy Walker's desk,
there were all these empty Clark bar wrappers, hundreds of them,
stuffed in there, she used to hide the evidence.
Jillions of them would just come like falling out all over the place.
We love you Kathy.
I'm the Cecebo, our first traffic lady.
Suzy Short Scruz, I don't remember your last name Suzy,
but I remember those real, real Short Scruz.
Dick Casper's Executive Secretary.
Let's take a call from Boca.
Oh yes, dear Lord, help us make it through the night.
Yeah.
Yeah, dear him last.
No, I sure didn't.
He's been in records.
He's spinning?
He's spinning like a dreidel.
Can I ask you a question?
Since they're doing satellite all the rest of the day, why are they keeping him?
I know he works very cheap, but what is that all about?
Does that make any sense?
It sounds right now.
It sounds like they want him to DJ.
Yeah.
Like you did on QA&M.
Yeah.
All right.
NWGMA and Hollywood don't forget.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And somebody called him last night.
He's still taking calls.
Yeah.
And they, you know, everybody was asking the same question.
Like the shadows on the wall.
Never sounded that good over there.
I'll tell you that.
They had like a muddy old card of that song.
He said these people never treated me so good.
And then he turns around and says, but if I say anything out of line, they'll fire me right away.
Yeah.
Wait you get this boy Gary anyway.
Oh!
That's how they all are.
And Tom Snyder was advising people with tune at WABC in the South Florida area.
Yeah.
At a boy, Tom.
There you go.
He was always a day late in the dollar short.
But he's another one with good eyebrows.
All right.
Well, I'll talk to you later.
Good Lord Willen.
Good Lord Willen.
See you on the Ho Chi Minh Trail.
Ah, yeah.
1026 at WIOD.
Boy, have I got a list for you here?
And this is just from my memory.
You mean Steve Kane hasn't called in with Robbins last name?
Steve, shame on you.
How come it is when he wants to promote his show on FTL?
I'm promoting for me.
Calls in on a bad line.
But now he forgot the number and he's allegedly not listening.
I guess he's out selling spots.
Help me make it through the night.
Come on.
Somebody come up with the name of that newsman.
Anybody calling with Al?
The guy's name was Al and began with a G.
The only thing I remember about him is that he got into a fist fight with Jack McCoy in the hallway at the old WFAB studios after we first went on the air.
Al?
I remember Tim Asubra, our second production director.
Glenn Hutton, Chris Sloan, Jeff Kassauer.
Boy, have I got a list here?
John Levitt, Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah, I don't think Steve Kane's going to call in because he got into a head on collision at a 9.95 and I don't know if he's going to do that.
I mean Steve's dead again?
He's dead again.
Oh, geez.
Boy, he's died more times, including on the station many days.
I'm looking for him tonight.
I'm going down to the heat game.
You're coming down with me tonight, aren't you, bud?
Oh, yeah, sure.
Right?
Whatever you say.
Okay.
How's everything?
Great.
Slim Trim Neal.
Tell me.
What do you think here is a story on...
Yeah?
Well, I don't know how to say this.
I've heard rumors now that Mr. Kane is coming back to IOD and he's going to be taking somebody's place over there.
Yeah.
Mr. Kane is coming to FTL.
Why did you get with the program, Sir?
A week from Monday, WFTL.
It is true, then, huh?
Yeah.
He is coming back onto the market.
You're too far behind for me, Sir.
Get a life.
10-20, that's a basketball fan.
We have an open line in Broward, 5-24-9-463.
We don't have time to muck you around today.
We need to get people who've got information.
Do we have anybody that's got anything?
Is he back on?
Is he making a face or mind heal?
Oh, Dennis, we'll stop it.
People are starting to talk about you now.
Take it like a man.
Why don't you just shuffle a line up around one more time?
Put your ear on and morning drive.
All right, hold on a second.
Kendall.
Yeah, what about not-slanding thing?
Who do you think did it?
Well, I tell you one thing.
I don't know who did it, but they sure gave you enough options last night.
If you hated Danny like most of us, you got to see him murdered about 30 times last time.
Yeah, you think it's someone else maybe they didn't show?
Probably.
They're not going to give you- I mean, they're not going to give you the answer.
They're just going to titillate you, that's all.
And what about Pat Peterson and Michelle Lee?
I think there's something going on there.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Boy, talk about getting a little too cozy for everybody.
It's about time they finally showed up.
And it's about time that Paige went out and got an honest job, right?
Yeah, true.
Working standing up instead of laying down.
Yeah.
Wait, you get this boy Gary anyway.
Oh!
Now what were you saying?
Oh, I didn't say anything.
Oh, yeah.
But what about that Mike's indel, did you mention him?
He's on my list.
Oh, oh, that's-
Now there- maybe you can help me.
Were you a WS NewsList, director?
Um, a little bit sort of-
No, I don't think so.
But there was a news lady, her name was Arlene something, not Arlene Ross.
And she married a news guy named Jerry Ross.
Isn't that interesting?
So I guess her name is Arlene Ross now.
But the news man's name was Jerry Ross.
He was kind of a skinny, uh, real bad dresser.
He always came in like sweaty with a t-shirt.
And her name was Arlene something.
And I need her last name to make-
I'm trying to complete my list.
I'm just tossing these out.
Because some of our radio groupies in Yenthas will give us-
We'll fill these in, I'm sure.
Oh, by the way, I sort of got a spy report for like my-
This is coming Monday night.
Your chronic radio maven, you know?
The big G word is going to be at she's anniversary celebration.
Is this Mr. G's wife?
Huh?
What?
This isn't Mr. G's wife.
Um, no, no, I said-
No, I was referring to the big G, you know, the big G is in Gilbert.
Oh, Gilbert, I thought it was time to talk about Mr. G.
Oh, sorry, but-
Gilbert's going to be at what?
There- she is going to have some big anniversary celebration Monday night.
Is- is funny Fox going to be there?
Uh, yeah, I think he said that-
He said everyone's supposed to be there.
Everyone that ever worked there.
And Skip Herman?
I don't know.
And Jim McQueen?
He said everyone that ever worked there is supposed to be there.
Wow.
Maybe-
Yeah, I guess Joey will be there too.
Yeah, I'm going to say that.
Maybe Joey will show up.
Wow!
And Bill Marshall.
Excellent.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thanks for the info.
1031 at W.Y.
It is Gilbert continues annoying people from coast to coast.
Do we have any information here?
It's going to be pretty disappointing if we don't get any help from my list,
because I think I did pretty well when you consider how old I am in my failing memory.
Let's- oh, is this going to be a boxing call?
Hi, Nailies, Mike Tyson.
As soon as I can get hold of the Holy Man, I want to fight him.
I put the holes all over him.
But I really-
That's just-
Cute Mike.
1032 at W.Y.
OD, we have an open line at Dade, 751-9463-751 W.Y.
OD.
I like that one too, by the way.
Can we get one of those?
Haha.
Haha.
God, I can't wait till we have our own.
Come and lay down on your side.
Build the earth in one line.
Is that one of Alice's friends that was on the phone just now?
Come on.
All I'm taking is your time.
First of all, it says the new W.Y.
W.Y. format featuring Patty Page, Perry Como, and At King Cole.
It's said to go on the earth in unspecified time this weekend.
So in other words, what they're playing today, which I said was pretty good music.
That's not the new format, unfortunately.
They're going to be playing big bands like FTL through a strainer.
Well, I'm straining just thinking about it.
I'll tell you that.
It's 1033 at W.Y. OD.
Do you think we'll have a little Wayne Arnold today just to celebrate?
No?
Yes?
Let's take a vote.
How many want Wayne Arnold today?
Okay, it's unanimous.
Show on tape.
The day before he died?
Yeah, either the day or two days before he died.
They knew that he was going to die within the week.
And they let him do a whole day show.
They brought him back for one day.
I didn't know that.
Oh, yeah, I got the show on tape.
It's great.
You know, he didn't say anything.
They didn't mention anything about it.
And it was two days later that he passed on.
But that was a little benefit they had done for him.
Well, you know, he went up to Nashville with me and Bill Calder and the Casper.
And I think that's what finally did Charlie and you know, because he was in a delicate condition to begin with.
And he was there a lot longer than we were.
He survived through a whole winter up there.
And I think that was just such a shock to his system.
I don't think he ever recovered from it.
I thought the three of you were the best things that ever happened to radio.
You've built him.
Well, back in those great days, boy, we had some great moments and see all these people like Sally and Lauderdale and all these other jackasses that are tied.
They don't even know what that station was all about because those were the days.
Jerry Williams, when that station was really hot, now it was just like a geriatric funeral parlor.
Oh, I don't want to take up too much of your time.
So have a very nice day.
Thank you, sir.
1042 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Broward.
Look at that. They're flashing like a bio rhythms.
How about Ernie Soechin?
Ernie never had a show.
He was my guest off an eye.
How about Tom Jicca, who's out of town for the breeders cup?
Tom had a show.
I put him on here myself.
He had a radio TV show on Sundays until the Miami News got all hysterical and Howard Kleinberg made him cut it out.
Shame on you, Howard.
Tom Jicca could be a big radio star right now.
He could be doing two to six and required me pretty upset about it.
Fort Lauderdale.
Robin Raker.
Robin Raker.
Jennifer Renn.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I got to find Robin's...
That was Steve's girlfriend, right?
Yep.
Jennifer Renn.
I even sent him her wedding announcement.
Jennifer Renn. I just can't believe it. Have you got more names for me?
Uh, Bev Smith.
I got her.
Was, um, was, uh, Gretchen Graham on there in the morning, they were here.
Hi, Gretchen and her husband, Chuck Cecil.
Chuck Cecil.
What was his name, Chuck Dent? Chuck Dent.
Yeah, that's it.
The Dent was the word. Boy, were they up here, huh?
Of course, they destroyed this place for a while too.
Ellis Rubin also had a show.
Right.
And Marshall Moore.
Right.
Incredible. Boy, this list is gonna...
I got a list here that I got another sheet of paper I'm gonna have.
Hey, did you hear the abort of Randy Martin matching dating and, uh...
Wait a minute, Kathy Syp? Who was that?
It's what I don't know yet.
What is it, Randy Morton aborted what?
Uh, matching dating and, uh, guess mating show.
How about Neil Rogers mating and dating show for two years under this girl?
Absolutely.
Oh, no. Not Randy Martin again.
Oh!
The guy... I heard the last about ten minutes of the thing.
And in that time I heard a cab driver who never has any time.
A bag boy who works about 90 hours a week.
Yeah.
And a guy who dated a girl who left that time.
Well, maybe the bag book he'd go out with Randy and kind of like stick the bag over her head.
That wouldn't be all bad.
A guy who dated a girl for about five years,
telling figured out she was no good for it.
Well, you keep subjecting yourself to that punishment.
Hey, when you're out late at night, I guess there's, uh, nothing else.
Are you serious?
I forgot about it.
Yeah. Have a great one.
Good, I will.
Take a flight. Very chill.
It's choppy checkin' in.
It's early morning.
It's Betty Ann from Hollywood.
All around the table.
It's your job.
Yeah.
Wave that gun around, Jared.
That's why he's still there.
I'm telling you. That's the only reason.
You notice everybody else gone. The man is still there.
The man with the biggest gun in town.
Okay, 1045 at WYOD.
That's just a figure of speech.
Of course, here's a mobile from Broward.
Yeah, the guy's name is Al Lombardo.
Now, Al Dell Greco, Al Lombardo, I got an list is not the same guy.
Yes it is.
No, it is not.
Oh.
Al Dell Greco was there 12 years ago when we started, sir.
And Billy's a douchebag. He don't know anything.
Okay.
Anyway, Al Lombardo, of course, left under very interesting circumstances at WNWS.
Got into a screaming, shouting fist fight with Don Kerns in the parking lot spit in his face.
They've had some pretty interesting episodes over there.
How come we don't have any excitement like this?
Like when George and Brian are going to get into a brawl about that car, huh?
Pick on somebody your own size, Brian.
1046 at WYOD. Let's go to Kendall. Hello.
Neil, what's going on this afternoon?
I understand they're Rick and Suz.
We're going to stay in the studio.
Why everybody goes out and gets arrested for a trust pair.
Yeah, I have a better idea. I'll stay in the studio and they can go out with Marvin and get arrested with Gilbert.
Well, they're not. They're going to stay in the studio and they're going to egg everybody on the car.
That's a close trouble and it's going to be a mess.
Why is that? Why is it going to be a mess?
Well, because the police are going to arrest him for blocking traffic.
Nobody's going to block any traffic. We're just going to zip on by.
No, they're going to play a tombstone in the lawn.
Not this kid. Maybe not you, but they're going to have the...
Marvin's going to do that. Well, that's good.
And he's going to be arrested. I want to be there to watch.
I'll pay to watch that. Maybe they can hang him from those suspenders.
Have a nice day.
And they're going to shove 40 pounds of butter scotch Sunday in a police officer's pants.
So how come you got the wrong fighter last night?
Hey, give me a break. I got the right round. What do you want? Everything?
I see you. 1047. At WIOD, we have an open line in Dade.
751-9463. And we be coming back right after this.
1050 at 610 WIOD. WMRZ memories. Isn't that something?
So it's not going to be like it was never there.
Like somebody reached into your dial and just plucked it out.
Like tearing your heart out. Miami.
Hey, Neha, how you doing? Great. I got a Godfather 3 spy report.
I went to the movies and they had the coming attractions of it.
That about a 10 minute thing on it. Looks like it's going to be really good.
Yeah, that's what they say, but it's not coming out till January or something.
Yeah, they open up with Michael Corleone. He's like 70 years old.
It's Al Pacino. And he's like, they just have the camera on his face and he's going,
I sold all my businesses. I'm legitimate now.
Oh, yeah. Why's he been working on that for a long time?
I killed my brother. I killed the cop and everything.
And now he's legit. He's selling olive oil.
And he's talking like Marlon Brando did.
Who is?
And he's in the Vatican. He's trying to do business with the church.
And Anthony's all grown up played by Andy Garcia.
Andy Griffith.
Yeah.
So you got to go to the movies and just check out the coming attractions.
Okay. All right. You'll take it easy.
So I guess I...
Well, as of that station, it doesn't do talk. We just play funny gags and novelty stuff, right?
Right one. Carlos Cotex.
10.52. At WIOD, here's the Nots Landing Lady. Ladies and gentlemen.
Good morning. How you doing?
Okay. How are you?
I didn't like it last night at all. It wasn't so good.
It wasted the whole show with like 40 different versions of Let's Step on Danny's Hands and the, you know, which is fine, but little too much.
Yeah. How many times can you see him die?
I'd rather seen a lot more of Michael and Michelle Lee and find out what's going on in that house.
Right. Definitely. They showed us a little bit of Pat.
Now I would have rather seen Pat in the towel instead of Tom.
Yeah. Any day.
Any day.
Although Tom is looking a little bit better, he might actually take a bath this year, which he could be.
Yeah, it looks like he might have taken a shower.
Yeah.
Not too bad.
Isn't that amazing what little bar of coast can do for you, especially if you hang on a real tight?
So yeah, it wasn't a very good episode at all.
No. But...
Well, we know that what's his name didn't do it. The black guy with the glasses. What's his name?
Frank, you know who I think it was his daughter.
The daughter?
Yeah.
Yeah. She's a pain anyway. Let's give it to her. Let's send her off to reform school.
That's what I think. I think it was the daughter.
Yeah. I don't like her. She little took Fetchy for me.
Right. I forget who my husband said he thought it was. Somebody really off the wall.
Anyway.
We're out to see.
Disappointing.
Yeah, but even a bad episode in that planning is better than LA Law.
By far. We don't worry about it. All those people are claimed to watch LA Law are the same ones who claim that they watch Nightline and they're really watching the Carson.
Right.
Trust me.
I believe it. We're all in mourning today.
Yeah, it's pretty depressing. I wish I could put on a happy face.
But, boy, I have this long, long list that's growing by the second.
You know, I feel so bad because I never once listened to Toss you.
Boy, you didn't know what you missed.
Oh, I got a great and important call on the phone here.
All right. Well, we'll talk to you next week.
Have a great time. See ya.
Bye.
Bob Wilde,
Hi, Mule.
Who's name I left off the list.
Thanks a lot.
The Wildman. This is the same man who once said to me,
if you think I can sell you against Alan Courtney, you're dream.
You're crazy, right?
Of course, look what happened to Alan Courtney.
Hey, listen, you know.
Arlene Wolf. There's the name.
Oh, my God.
I just got it here.
Fred Schatz. I've got that one.
What was the name of the guy who was a new...
Ricardo Rivera. Remember Ricky Rivera.
Sure. Yeah.
What was the name of the guy who was in the newsroom who was handicapped?
Charlie campus.
Charlie campus.
My God. He was the best.
Dan Best.
Sales managers.
Don't remember your past.
Well, there you go.
Do you remember Bob?
And I don't remember his last name, but his dad owned her bets.
He was a board op.
Golebb.
Because her goal of owned her bets, so it must have been Bob Golebb.
Bob Golebb.
Yeah.
And how about Bob Gordon?
The sun worked there for about three days until we kicked his ass out.
What a pain he was.
Bob Gordon. I'm writing that one down.
I think that was his name, too, Junior.
Do you know that on the very first ever University of Miami baseball broadcast,
I was the only salesman that had any pie sold?
Really?
That's right.
Well, we sure went a long way from there, didn't we?
Hey, listen, you know.
Do you remember the meeting the cast were had the very first meeting of the staff?
Was I there?
Yes, you were.
He had a soft sitting in his room.
It was you.
And...
Charlie campus.
Al Rantell.
And while Rantell was your board op, wasn't he?
No, he was a news flunky.
I thought he was a board op at the time.
Okay.
No.
And we had the Rawl, San Son, and Larry Wallenstein.
Right.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
And Stan Major and Mickey Dane and Jerry Wichner.
That was the original lineup.
And the Prescott Robinson and Jack McCoy.
Okay.
The guy Al you're talking about.
Al Remember his last name.
Del Greco.
All right, Greco.
Al Del Greco.
Del Greco.
Right, because he came from P.I.X in New York.
Yeah.
Had a brawl with Jack McCoy in the hall one day.
I was there for that.
Where are you?
Yeah, I was also there for the great flood.
Yeah, that was the best.
Then you were talking about that.
With my pants rolled up to my knees waiting for the electric cue to any second.
I felt like Ted Bundy on a bad day.
Do you remember trying to go outside of the place to find something to eat?
Nobody spoke English?
Yeah.
You bet.
And I also remember getting in the car at midnight every night not being able to hear the station.
Right in front of the station.
Well, that was...
That's why it made so hard to sell.
Why do you think I'd get out of the business, right?
Hey, listen, you salespeople got all kinds of excuses, Bob.
What do you want?
A station somebody can hear?
Now you're really pushing too much.
I swear to God, I went out to talk to a guy about buying the station.
And he was in kindle driving about 107th Avenue.
And I said together, there's new station.
We're doing all kinds of things.
The guy said, let me hear it.
And he turned on his radio and he couldn't be.
Couldn't be.
Couldn't be.
Oh, wait a minute.
You'll never guess who I have on the phone.
Two.
See ya, Bob.
See ya.
Suzy.
Hi.
Is this Suzy?
Yes, it is.
Only at Suzanne, not Suzy.
Suzanne, what was your last name, Suzy?
Padley.
Padley.
Oh, no.
Isn't this incredible?
Uh-huh.
God.
Yeah, my boss just came in and said, Suzanne, they're just talking about you on the air.
He said, aren't we here?
Unbelievable.
I'm working for the Max Garden Broadcast Partner now, Bob, you're showing.
Great.
He worked with the cast for a lot.
Wasn't he a great guy?
Yep.
There was a lot.
I can't believe this.
He's slightly bent.
Even at this point, nobody has written one word.
I keep screaming at Juan Cotto and Tom Jicke at a writer big story about Dick Casper and
all the things he did in radio.
And with all this talk about WNW West, they're still not talking about the fact that Dick
Casper is the one that came up with the concept and put it on the map.
I know it.
I remember he and I ain't his office doing the logo.
Well, we don't want to talk about that.
Yeah.
Suzy, this is incredible.
Yeah?
So you're doing okay?
Yeah, working for the Max Garden Broadcast Partner.
Great.
Remember those times you got my talent wrong on my checks a couple of time and I was having
a nervous breakdown?
Yes, sure.
That was fun.
That was fun.
I'm Ness Acebo.
Yeah.
And Jean Miller.
And Pat Castellanos.
Pat Castellanos, there's another name for my list.
Great.
Is there anybody else in the office there that I should know that used to be there?
Do you remember?
Oh, let's say.
Lynn, what was your name?
The sales school.
Lynn.
Yeah.
Lynn Freitas.
No, God.
Oh.
Lynn Cameron.
Yes.
Was that her name?
Yes.
Yeah.
Boy, it's all coming back just like yesterday.
Right.
And Mike Moonshine.
And Ellie Gray.
And Warren Shiverroly.
And Dan Kunst.
And Larry Lustig.
Uh-huh.
Dan.
I'm going to leave it.
Suzy, it's great hearing from you.
Suzan.
I can hear you.
See ya.
Back.
Suzy Hadley.
Unbelievable.
Boy, they gave this job to the right man.
I'll tell you that.
They had to give it to a guy who could handle it.
And we're handling it.
I'm going to have to get another sheet of paper.
That's how long this list is.
I mean, that's amazing.
How come Dave Lemmon hasn't called in yet.
Has he busy over at Highlight, Dave Lemmon?
Come on, Dave.
Quit screwing around.
And Dave LeMont.
Cranston.
Come on, Dave.
We know you're listening.
Boy, geez.
Uh-huh.
If John LeVid calls in, I'm just going to...
I will just...
I'll spin around in this chair like a dreidel and heat for about an hour.
If John LeVid calls in, wouldn't that be something?
So we can hear about his friends in the Jewish community and his friends in the black community
and his friends in the straight community.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, we're going to take a deep breath now because I didn't realize what a pressure pack day.
I may break down.
Before this is out.
That's all right.
We can play both music at the same time.
Kind of sound like WMRZ.
Anyway, anyway, Henry Barrow is standing by speaking of memories.
Henry, of course, remembers the good old days here at W.I.O.D.
when men were men and women were suspected of it.
Anyway, we'll be back at 11.05.
Rick and Doug, we've got that funeral procession, a mammoth afternoone,
and of course, you know who's coming on tonight.
Next news at noon.
Bulletin said once.
I'm Henry Barrow.
There's no Florida, Dews, Traffin and Leather.
26 years, ladies and gentlemen.
Henry, just a second.
You can't get out of here this easy.
26 years at W.I.O.D. yesterday.
A man who has never worked at WN and WS and is proud of it.
Congratulations, Henry.
Even a sports department is so excited about Henry's 26th anniversary.
They may let him in the Phoenix game next Sunday.
That's a poppy cut.
Well, we're working on it.
Congratulations, Henry.
Thank you, sir.
You're a great American.
I agree with you.
He's seen him come and go.
Lots.
In fact, that would be a good show one day.
We'll have Henry.
We'll make a list fact that you'd have to start now.
We'll give you about six months of all the people that have come and gone,
including the management people.
Wow.
26 years.
Can you imagine?
From Bill Vions and Bob Rich and the assassin and everybody in between.
Is he seen him come and go or what?
Oh, way back.
But they still won't let him in the ball game.
That's right.
It's 1106 at WIOT and what a day, huh?
What pressure, what trauma?
Our list is growing.
Pat Castellanos.
A little Jean Miller.
What a guy.
Take the ribbon from my hair.
At Chuck Dent and Gretchen Graham.
There you go, Henry.
Chuck and Gretchen.
Take it loose and let it fall.
And Del Frank from Channel 4 News.
And Bob Mayer from Channel 4 News.
Number Del Frank.
And Chuck and Gretchen.
And Biggie Nevin.
Biggie Nevin's was WS News.
Oh, here.
Well, don't say he's ruining it now.
Poor Henry, he can't control himself.
I wonder if he started.
He had a flask when he started here 26 years ago.
And that just started recently.
I did.
Same money said.
And he's still drinking some of the same stuff that was in it then.
I'll be really ripe by now.
Do you like the flowers?
You don't know.
A whole radio station died.
That's for our parade.
That's for a little thing we're doing later on.
In fact, I should be out.
They are beautiful.
I want to thank Mike Usbelger at Darby's Floural Shop in Coral Springs
for the beautiful arrangement for our friends at WS News.
Do you know tomorrow's Laura's birthday?
That was a matter of fact.
Yes, I did hear that.
Laura read the Schwartz.
You know, I just made that up.
And the funny part of it is that's going to be her name.
Isn't that amazing?
Laura reads Schwartz.
What a funny name.
And Laura, of course, is 19 tomorrow.
And we wish her a very happy birthday.
And we're going to be there watching in two weeks.
We can have.
Anyway, boy, what a day.
The pressure is mounting.
I don't think I'm going to be able to handle it.
In fact, we're going to save a white hot just for Henry.
Don't leave now.
They're going to be here in eight minutes.
And we've got a special weenie for you, Henry.
I have to go to a champagne lunch.
Oh, yeah.
Henry's got a drink, a little celebratory lunch.
Chuck Dead is a WTMI, it says.
Isn't that great?
The dumped gritchin' in the alley out here behind Channel 7.
It's 11.08 at WIOD.
Let's take a call from Miami.
Neo.
Oh, yes.
You know what?
I got a jelly bean stuck in my throat.
A gold star at a purple jelly bean.
Okay.
So why do you go flying with me, Neil?
Okay, over the Ho Chi Minh Trail, it will drop you right out.
Yeah, I'll take care of all the dirt bags and pow.
Yeah, those are dirt bags.
Yeah.
So can you spit that record one more time?
Okay, Jere.
See ya.
Yeah.
And what's that wig to it's starting to turn tangy-rean colored?
People are.
People are starting to toss, Jere.
Take the ribbon from my hand.
Boys, just get into your blotter.
What, man?
Kathy.
Kathy.
His birthboard op was a very nice young lady named Kathy Sherry, who preceded the Nancy McCartney
days.
And Jerry, of course, talks like he's been hanging out with Henry all day, like very low,
kind of like slurgey's words, like loose, shaking loose.
And he used to call her Kathy.
Kathy Sherry.
Kathy.
And for a long time, I thought their name was Kathy.
I'd never heard a name like that, but I thought it was like short for Kathy or something.
Kathy Sherry.
Anyway, it's 1109 at WIOD.
What is the problem?
Do we have a problem?
It looks like you're having an nervous breakdown over nothing.
How many just a little one?
Let's go to Hollywood.
Nobody there.
Probably somebody from WGMA and Hollywood, no doubt.
Hi, Alia.
Hello.
All these people gone?
Are they all gone?
What a shame.
Port St. Lucy.
Neil.
Yeah.
Did you have to catch the last hour of Dick and Pud yesterday?
The last hour, no.
Okay.
I guess you'll be surprised to know that you're going to be riding with two of the least talented celebrities in town in your procession.
Who's coming beside Marvin?
Let me give you a little hint.
What do you have when Steve Cain and Alex Bennett do a remote together?
I'm waiting.
Two live juzes.
Oh, they're going to be involved in this?
Of course.
I'm not going.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
Oh, I'm not going.
They're in it.
Okay.
Hey, I'd like to go.
I'm not joking.
I'm not going to be, if they've invited them to get...
I mean, what do they...
Talk about exploitation.
What do they have to do with WSNEWS other than Juz rhymes with SNEWS?
I think they invited themselves.
Well, I'm not going.
Hmm.
I'm not.
Well, get it.
I got better things to do, okay?
In fact, Marvin go over there and get arrested by himself.
Let all these people have a little parade or don't even know what it's all about.
That's the thing that amazes me.
I mean, talk about milking my material.
All these people who are going to be involved in this, they don't even know where it is on a dial or was.
You better talk to your...
Follow up, boys, there.
Coming up.
About what?
No, I just told you.
I'm not going.
I've been looking for an excuse anyway, but I'm not going.
I figured that would seal it.
Okay.
I have something to call Governor Bob a big lottery bag.
Okay.
Thank you very much, sir.
Give me my out.
Now, they don't need me.
They can go ahead.
I already said, yes, good-aw-y, yes, good-aw-shame, Rao Bo, which is the Jewish prayer for the dead.
We said, cottage, shit, so, and that's it.
And if they want to have a big thing over there, I'm not going to muscle in on their show, let them do their thing.
And I got business to take care of.
It's 11 after 11 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Palm Beach, 655, 9463, 655, WIOD.
See, that would be...
Now, Gilbert's going to show up.
See, I have nothing to do with that, and that bothers me.
And there's some things that just are inappropriate.
Gilbert has nothing to do with that.
Place it needed his Eric Lambert.
But there's some people that just want to muscle in on everything.
That's fine. That's their stick.
So I'll do my thing, and they'll do theirs.
Never the twain shall meet. Right?
And let it fall.
Exactly. I'm going to go over and have a little dinner with Steve.
Oh, excuse me.
Oh, excuse me.
Y'all are scared.
That's saddled on the wall.
That's saddled on the wall.
Where's Bulbul, my way of neither?
Calm and lay down on your side.
Oh, God, Sammy, I tell you.
He could hold the ball as well as he can sing.
It's 12 minutes past 11 at Good Old W-I-O-D,
and we'll be back right after these important words.
So...
1115.
How about a week from a Thursday would be good.
Let's have a sheet for that day.
1115 at W-I-O-D.
A little later on, I'm going to read this entire list.
Thank you so much. That'll kill like at least a half an hour.
Anyway, this afternoon says Rick and Putt pay tribute to the passing of W.S. News
with a wake and a funeral featuring special guest,
Eulogizer, Neil Rogers, Mayday's News and Peace.
Well, I don't know. I'd have my doubts.
Why don't we let the boys do it, huh?
Let the two live Jews do the Eulogy. They can do it great.
Joe and Hank on Sports Talk tonight featuring the Don Shula Show, 605.
Randy Martin. Oh, boy.
Miami Rocks 2, it says, part 2.
The promoters and winners.
Oh, I see Miami Rocks 2.
Plus what to wear for Halloween all on the next Randy Martin show?
Oh, no. Not Randy Martin again.
Sorry.
What can I say, but...
Stink Korean, the desert.
Man, don't give our a map.
All right. Well, you know what kind of guy I am.
That's 1116 at W-I-O-D.
Who could that be on the bat line? Is that somebody for us?
No. Probably Eric Lambert.
Mobile in Miami. Hello.
Is it possible you forgot one or more of these famous people in your list?
I don't think so.
Okay.
The late great Bobby Groves.
Got him.
You got him.
The Chris Myers, who's now on ESPN.
Chris Myers.
Remember, Annie, he started there.
Do I remember him? I worked with Chris Myers at the cat with Sonny Hirsch back in 1976.
Chris Myers was a little flunky.
Yeah, and now he's a reporter on ESPN.
And now Craig Sager is also on ESPN.
I worked with Craig at WSPB in Sarri Soda in 1973.
And now about Lynn Russell from the cat who's on the headline news.
Look at all these famous TV stars.
And here all the rest of us are just sucking around here in Miami.
How about the only person to ever get me to shut off the radio faster than Steve Cain, Francina Thomas?
Got it.
Oh, jeez.
How you doing, Thomas Tina?
Why does everybody call her Thomas Tina?
I'm going to understand that, yeah.
Unlistened.
And this guy, Al don't Greco.
Yeah.
He's now taking for the, he's a place kicker for the Cardinal.
Correct.
You knew that. Well, he's moving up in the world.
Well, he's doing great.
Yes sir.
Okay, that's all I have to add.
Thank you.
Okay. 1117 as we say at WIOD, thanks for the memories.
WMRZ.
Nameries.
So evidently, what you're hearing over there now is not the new floor mat.
It's just kind of like, um, I don't know why, why are they doing that?
I guess they ran out of Beatles records.
Are they really going to be playing Peggy Lee and that Cole and Big Bands?
Is that really what they're, oh god, my skin is like creeping.
It's like I want to just unzip something on my body and just peel all my skin off.
I feel those red ants just all over my body.
Ron St. John Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, tribute part two.
Oh, this is boom boom.
I'm going to take a loose with another tribute at W.S. News.
Tony Fisher, ladies and gentlemen.
The Big Hurts.
I think that's probably one of the songs you'll be hearing when they start their new floor mat.
It's 1118.
Let's take a call from Hiya Leah.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
What about that fight last night between Buster and Holyfield?
I gave you the round, pal.
Third round.
My friends, I took a hundred dollars, 50 from each one.
One of them told me Buster in the first round and the other one told me Buster by a split decision.
Yeah, we'll tell them both, bust this.
That's what I said.
You bet.
What about that Randy Martin show at night?
That shows pathetic.
Oh, no.
Not Randy Martin again.
Oh, that shows fuck.
Do you like it?
Have a great day, sir.
Let me say one more quick game.
Remember one thing, Ezred Charles lives.
Hey, you're a douchebag.
Okay.
Thank you.
1119, a lot of very emotional people.
Doesn't even feel like Friday.
Doesn't feel like it at all.
And you can be sure that I'm going in a caravan today.
I'm just trying to play hard to get.
I wouldn't miss it for all the tea in China.
I just don't want to be in the same horse with Eric Lambert.
Is that okay?
If I have to ride with those guys, I'm not going.
That's that is definite.
The unmitigated gall for them to invite themselves to come along
and the muscle in on this to try to get some more free publicity
after all they've done to repay us with their gratitude.
Scrum.
They're about as funny as the cancer of the kneecap.
Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah, yeah.
How the mighty have fallen in the old, this is Mike Spindell.
Mike.
Yeah, I told you a board officer was going to wipe.
This isn't Mike Spindell.
This isn't Mike Spindell.
No, it is Mike Spindell.
But it doesn't sound like you must really be freezing.
Well, it is.
It's very cold.
Your name is on the list by the way.
What I know is that.
You had to be on the list several times.
You worked there only about 16 times.
How about Gabe Baltimore?
Got him.
Bob Berger.
How about Dave Lemon and Dave Lamont?
How about Mort Lubo?
You got Drew Hayes?
Drew Hayes, you bet.
And how about you think ticker?
The newsman that you were talking about is Ben Aldel Greco.
It's Al D'Amico.
D'Amico, well I was close.
There we go.
D'Amico.
Now we're talking.
How about Mike Zimmer?
How about Erv Schindler?
He's on the list.
How about Stacey Lieberman?
How about Mike Levine?
How about Nick...
Mike Levine!
Oh, geez!
And do you remember the plant lady, Carol Murphy?
Carol Murphy.
Now when we first went on, we had a guy who did a fishing thing on a weekend.
What was his name?
Oh, gosh.
I tried to forget him.
He's the one who did a sports show, suppose to.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
But I was talking about was fishing.
Remember the police blotter show?
Not really.
Yeah, was that?
I had a Metro date that came down and read the police blotter and talked about crime.
How about behind the velvet rope?
Bernie Sloan.
He's on the list.
And you forgot, did you forgot Steve Daly?
Yes, sir.
How about Mike Rosenthal?
What about Robert Hall?
Robert Hall.
How about that?
Woo!
We talk about militant.
Talk about weird, boy.
That was something really...
I had one more for you.
I pulled over the side of the road to have to scribbling these down.
I was doing that to this morning coming to where I was writing and driving at the same time.
John Sloan did a sports show.
He later went to St. Louis.
He was a sports guy for, I don't know, six weeks.
Four.
And Drew Hayes, that was when we had the Saturday and Sunday, six to nine show.
Yeah.
He used to come on the program.
That's when a vagrant wandered into the station and didn't understand a word of English.
That was at the old Fabulousa.
Yes, sir.
How could we ever forget that?
One other thing I have to say.
First of all, Chris Myers never worked at the NWS.
Oh, okay.
I didn't think so.
Yeah, he became sports director at KAP and then he went to...
New Orleans.
Yeah, that's right.
I crossed him out.
I didn't think he worked.
I got to say one thing.
How about Alan Isensen?
Alan Isensen.
How about Alan Michaels?
Boy, well, you have...
You spent a lot of time there.
Yeah, too much.
It's quite a bit, but...
Stacy Liebman, Ray...
How about...
How about Frank Lasko?
I have Frank Lasko.
And Shirley Peters.
Remember, Casper Chains of Format and all of a sudden, Frank and Shirley were reading the news together at noon?
Oh, I remember those days with the bullet holes on the building.
But I have to ask a one thing.
I heard that Putth Steve Payne say something about losers.
I got news for you.
At least I had a social conscience.
I didn't go freebies all the time.
Did he make a snide comment about you?
Boy, I was saying, you know, how come you didn't mention Steve Payne?
You mentioned all those losers like Mike Spindell.
Oh.
I got news for you.
I don't consider myself a loser.
Work there was a...
Believe me, that was almost like Radio 101.
I got news for at least Spindell got out of FTL before it was too late.
I got news for you.
I don't get him six months there.
Six months.
I know the crowd there.
Believe me.
But I had to come down with a couple of these names.
Irv Shindler, did you get Irv?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
He's on the list.
Listen, I can't believe it.
Oh, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
If anybody would know, I'd been going nuts.
There was...
Rantel put a reel.
I mentioned this before.
A left wing.
Her name was Eleanor Elaine, something on on the weekend.
She was on December.
She did a show with the IRA terrorist on Christmas Eve.
Oh, I remember.
Yes.
Ellen?
Ellen?
It wasn't Ellen Morphone.
No, that's for sure.
She could have had the other end of the spectrum.
No, I...
What about the young guy that you put on?
Glenn Hutton.
Right, Glenn Hutton.
We got him.
But you also had Tom Jekyll.
You mentioned him?
Yes, sir.
Well, listen, there's a whole list and a cast of millions.
But I think what else you can do is maybe do a separate list on some of the great callers.
Do you remember the Walker?
Yeah.
The Walker all around town.
I sure do.
I can tell you some interesting stories about the Walker.
I'm sure.
And of course.
Bob Martin.
Bob Martin.
Wasn't John Broward one of the original callers to that station?
Well, he was one of the KT.
He was chronic on the KM.
You don't remember the KT days?
Well, like...
Come on, Mike.
I know we're getting old, but let's get with it.
Dick Sine.
I try to forget those days.
As a matter of fact, people ask me what I've been doing for about the seven or eight months.
I was at WFTL.
I said I was out of radio.
Yeah.
But listen to me.
What can I tell you?
I'm freezing here, but I had to get in with a few names.
Mike, great hearing from you.
Okay.
Take care.
Steve says hi to him.
Okay.
24 after 11.
Well, Steve has made a lot of friends in the business.
Well, we all make our enemies, but Steve's got like a special place in most people's heart.
And I noticed Steve did not call in this morning when we need him.
When we didn't need him the last couple of times, he called in.
Come on, Kane.
Cut the crap.
We'll you we need your help.
I've got a list here that's I'm just filling in on the edges.
It's just there got to be over a hundred that I've got.
And keep in mind I only work there six years.
They were on the year for like 13 years doing that floor mat or at least pretending to.
It's 11 24 at WIOD.
Pop.
This was kind of a hillbilly Yahoo guy.
Yeah, and Rawls and Larry were really really took a shine to this.
Yeah.
Put them in the newsroom.
I never like to go.
Yeah, we got it.
And the late Bob Robes.
Wait a minute, the late Rick Rivera.
Yeah, he passed away a few months back.
But one disease.
Are you serious?
I am F. Blue.
I didn't know that.
Yes.
Well, wait a minute.
Let me put that on here.
Okay.
Unbelievable.
And the way Bob Robes.
Yeah.
Uh, let me say.
I'm trying to remember.
Uh, let me see.
Well, see, this is great because everybody who calls adds a few others.
Now, Suzanne Hadley called.
I was just there.
Called earlier, I almost just blew me away.
Of course, in the business.
I couldn't believe it.
She used to wear skirts up to her neck.
I never saw anything like it in my life.
Speaking of honesty, I'm a county worker.
Got it.
We got some of their Clark Bar rappers here too, as a matter of fact, Bob.
You'd be really proud of us.
We've saved them.
I knew someday they'd come in good for something.
Of course.
Uh, all right.
Well, I think the well is run-drawn, but you did a great job.
You contributed to the great job and, uh, Kang in there.
I'm going to be at the funeral today.
I'm on the way.
Outstanding.
We'll be, uh, keeping around.
And if you see Wichner, give us an advanced guard.
If he's out there.
I'll be a friend.
I'll be a friend.
I'll be a friend from the DOT and our F.E.
If he's on, I'll wave it.
Uh, north-sounding C.I.
And then run like hell.
Well, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
There was another board off.
It just came back to me.
I think there were two of them.
Was Dave something?
Remember the guy who was John Levitt's friend?
Uh, Dave Saunders.
Dave Saunders?
Dennis.
Dennis.
There you go.
Dennis, that's who it is.
Uh-huh.
Remember he was the, he observed that with the Mika Sukey band.
Yes, sir.
Figure, whatever one.
Thank you, Bob.
All right, and you'll just talk to him.
See you later.
Right.
Unbelievable.
Woo!
What is that?
Did we do a break?
Did we did, we did one.
Well, I don't want to get all behind again.
Stan, major, I'm going to get fired.
Nancy, Vareem.
Yeah.
How could we forget Nancy?
What a be-
I'm just all together during the first couple of years.
Yeah, Nancy, Vareem.
Boy, unbelievable.
And, uh...
You don't remember who that Ellen was, do you really?
No, I don't remember her.
I don't know who I'm talking about.
You weren't here then.
You were fired so many times.
Or walked out.
Now, who is that Twinkie, uh...
producer that you walked out over?
What was her name?
I don't know.
I don't know.
You don't know?
I don't remember.
I don't think she ever came to work, did she?
Oh, I don't know.
Anyway, that's one thing that, you know, Casper wouldn't hire her.
I thought I needed a producer because I was doing that stupid split show.
Come on, Stan, you just want to hire some little Twinkie, you're not doing this.
Come on.
And don't forget my former wife that you hired as a board op.
Oh, yeah.
Diane Major.
Diane Major.
How long was she there?
She never told me.
About two days.
About average.
Unbelievable.
Well, don't forget the good old days of the Muriel boat lift.
Yeah.
Charlie Capus.
Wealing himself up and on a hallway having all kinds of fits about what we were doing on the air.
Mm-hmm.
The cops guarding the front door.
Yeah.
And, uh...
Uh, you trying to dial up the White House.
Yeah.
Remember that little engine?
I sure do.
That scared the hell out of me because you were dialing White House numbers that hadn't been invented yet and strange people were answering.
Right.
We were getting through like CIA numbers and inside the...
We were taking care of us and got it.
And we were tracing it the other way and you could hear all these little tones on the phone.
I was ready to leave the building at any given moment.
Well, so was Jerry Williams.
He didn't get out soon enough.
But you never got to talk to Jimmy about the boat lift.
No.
That was disappointing.
Well, we could have changed a lot of things.
This list, if you could see the list, I'm going to read it in about 10 minutes.
It is just a mammoth.
Yeah. Well, the names are coming back.
The police officer that we had there thought his name was Gary something.
He was doing traffic for a while.
He was an actual man.
Oh, yeah.
But it wasn't Gary and I think he also passed away.
Yeah.
Uh...
That was a strange arrangement, arrangement the Casper made.
I never really figured out what that was.
Yeah.
Now, we also, after our time, they had a show called Ask the Attorneys on Sunday Night.
Somebody said Paul Graverhorse.
Does that name ring a bell?
I've heard that.
Somebody wolf.
I'm going to write down wolf.
And I, Arlene Wolf, you remember?
Yeah.
I'm really getting a charge out of some of these names because I haven't heard them for so long.
Well, when I tell you when Suzanne Hadley called in before, I just about dropped my white hat.
I tell you that.
I just about went nuts.
I wonder if she's still wearing those skirts.
They're back in Vogue now.
Yeah, she's been saving them for a rainy day.
Have a good time.
See you, Stan.
1223 at WIOD.
The list is growing, we're just building to a crescendo to a fever pitch.
I want to say it again though, in all seriousness, I think it is grotesque and pathetic that we have such a bunch of nerds writing about radio in a ston.
That they haven't given the dudes a big Casper.
Take the ribbon from my hair.
I think it is unconscionable when Jik is here Tuesday.
I'm going to just run him through the raiderops.
I'm going to just do a packed dance on his bald head because it's pathetic.
I mean, this man was responsible for making more things happen in radio in this market than Mike Anthony even.
It's 1223 at WIOD and we'll be then even in Mark Cune and we'll be right back.
Music
Oh, are we having a day?
Now does it sound like we're dancing on somebody's grave?
Does it sound because we are?
26 past noon at WIOD and again, the people over there and I'm sure that the ones who are mature and got their head screwed on straight like Alice.
They know it's not personal.
It's got, it's just the business.
Like the Sandy, it's about the only thing she ever said in her life that made any sense.
It's the business.
Did you see her with those dark shades on the news last night?
Boy.
Oh, Sandy.
Micronary, by the way, is just dying to have her back on in the morning to a two guy show.
Let's go to a mobile and Davy.
Nail.
I've had Gaya.
Great.
What's happening on this Friday?
What's happening on this Friday?
I'm going to have to dance.
I've had to dance.
Boy, this is really good.
All these names I've never heard before.
These are memories that even Dolly Parton would be embarrassed by her.
Yeah, well, so now what's the, I just tuned in because I kind of got up late today.
Yeah.
What's the deal with this funeral scene here now?
We're having a little procession at the beginning.
I believe it for the Saturday.
If you stay tuned as soon as Dick and Doug get into building, we will put out the info on the year.
I guess we've got an exact meeting place.
And we're just going to all cruise by a little procession very orderly.
And we're not going on their property because Marvin's not in the mood to spend a weekend in jail.
And we've got some flowers that some people sent by.
It's just going to be beautiful.
It'll be very touching.
Did you really get a horse?
Yeah.
Yes, you got a horse.
You're going to drop that with a line full of cars with flags down or what?
Yes, sir.
Now how do we join in?
Well, keep listening.
Like I said, as soon as the boys get in here, we'll give you all the details.
All right.
It sounds good.
You're going to come and join us?
Of course they will.
Great.
And listen, traveling mad if you're out there.
Get a life, huh?
Amen.
Later.
See ya.
1228.
At WIOD, a day that will go down in flames.
And I think flaming at one point was the operative word at WS News.
I don't want to sound like I'm telling any tales because I'm not going to give any names.
But I will say this.
Once upon a time, there was more fruit at WNWS than you'll find in the produce department at Publix.
I mean, it was just...
And it was not like a conspiracy.
It just kind of happened.
It just kind of evolved that way.
29 past noon at WIOD.
Just a couple of minutes, I'm going to read my entire list.
That should take us up to three.
Now, you know, you see this next one?
Jupiter.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
Listen, I have an idea for the new listeners.
It's called the Gerito Hardwangli.
Let me ask you a question.
Yeah.
Didn't you call yesterday?
Not me.
Didn't you get disconnected?
No, no.
What?
My husband called you yesterday.
Your husband?
Yeah.
No, I didn't hear that.
Your husband isn't big now from Bokers.
Oh, no.
Oh, okay.
No, okay.
But anyway, I have this stuff, you know, for the new listeners.
It's called Gerito Hardwangli for people between 80 and 50 and he's feeding Debbie.
They're like women saying, I'm falling.
I can't get up.
And then people will go with their practice and their hopes to pick her out.
Unbelievable.
I have two names for you.
I don't know.
Maybe you already got them.
Don't starter.
Don starter.
He was never on there.
He was on wins.
No, no, no.
He wasn't WNW or something like that.
Don starter.
Yeah.
Oh, and I got another one.
How silly of me.
You know what?
Do you have Bob Lasseter, too?
He was never on there.
He was on life.
Bob Lasseter?
Yeah, he was on GBS, but that doesn't count.
Oh, I see.
I got another one.
I got another one for I can't believe that their fans haven't called in with this.
Herschel.
Herschel.
Gordon.
Lewis.
Oh, yeah.
Herschel.
You're a curmudgeon in the dumper, yeah.
Oh, boy.
I tell you, ooh.
But I just, what, did you like my idea about the Gerito Hardwangli?
Yeah.
Outstanding.
Now, are you getting goosebumps from all of this?
I tell you.
The only three people I used to listen to over there was you, I, and Jerry at night.
Maybe instead of Ramdi Martin, we should have Jerry at night over there instead of Ramdi.
Have a nice weekend.
Okay.
You too, Neil.
Yeah.
Getting a little carried away, don't you think?
1231 on WMRZ.
Oh, I'm sorry.
There are no such collaters.
Are they memories?
Where did Roger find that, by the way?
Where did he get that?
Is that in the paper?
About the new collaters?
Or did he just make that up?
I don't see it.
Oh, here it is.
Here it is.
It's in the herald, which is where Juan Carlos co-tax is right on top of it.
Station is applied with the FCC for a change of collaters to WMRZ as in memories.
Collins said he expects approval.
Great.
I like it.
Pay phone from Hylia.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Great.
My brother and I are long time listeners in first time collaters.
Great.
Did you see the herald?
I know you don't read the heralds.
We're here in Dave County, so we're forced to.
But they had an article about how Y100 is trying to get the dolphin broadcast.
Has Debbie Ellis would say, sir, fat chance?
You think so?
What are they going to do?
They have no sport.
They're going to have athletes foot through the game?
Well, they'll wrap behind it, I think.
Exactly.
We're going to have the morning zoo out there at the 50 yard line.
Don't worry about it.
We have a couple names for your WS news list.
Yes, sir.
Doc, go ahead.
He's on the other line.
Elvis.
Elvis.
Yeah, I thought Elvis was on.
Yeah, he was.
Really?
And Janice Chaplin.
Yeah.
And Jimmy Hendrix.
I think they're living in Africa.
And Rick Nelson.
Rick Nelson.
Oh.
Any of you we'd like to call a few people of douchebags, can we?
Quickly.
Very quickly.
All right.
Chris, Bob, George, Pops, and my uncle who works at BSO.
You're all douchebags.
And Andy Griffith.
We're out of material, Neil.
Let's see him.
1232 at WIOD.
I forgot to spot, didn't I?
While we were selling such a lot of pressure, we wouldn't want to forget our good friends over
Toyota Hollywood.
Would you bet we would not?
Patrick Murray would be apoplectic.
And there's great news for Toyota buyers from the southeast-tized volume of Toyota dealership Toyota
Hollywood.
It's simple.
Toyota of Hollywood would beat any deal on any new Toyota car truck in the southeast period.
How can you be any planer than that?
No gimmicks, no confusing equations.
Toyota of Hollywood would simply beat any bona fide deal on any new Toyota.
And because there's such a high sales volume dealer that allows them to cut the prices right
to the bare bone, if we can say that.
Creating more happy buyers who spread the word like wildfire.
Because customers are treated so well after the sale, Toyota of Hollywood has gotten the Toyota
President's Award for the highest customer satisfaction over and over again.
How can you beat it with a stick?
High volume, low prices, excellent service by factory trained professionals.
It'll keep you coming back to deal time and time again.
So if you want to check out the new 91 Tercelles, Corolla, Celica, Supri, the Trouble-Free
Camry, and the great new lineup of Toyota trucks and that great Prevy of Van, that's the place to do it.
Get in there this weekend and see them all and make a deal of a lifetime at Toyota of Hollywood.
There were 1841 North State Road 7, right between Taft and Sheridan Streets in Hollywood.
What are you doing?
We're not doing a spot now.
We're doing another break.
That's from the last break, dummy.
That's coming up in a couple of minutes, okay? Just relax.
I knew what I was doing for a second. I looked up, he's like straining either that or he's just got a little problem from lunch, one or the other.
Like I'll humped over in the chair there.
See what I have to contend with?
Anyway, it's 1234 and I promised we would do this.
And I got to find something appropriate.
We can't do it over Tammy Smith because that would be...
Oh, come on.
Come on now.
Jeez.
That would be sacrilegious.
Wow, Rogers got all these CDs jammed in there like a so damn tight.
That's kind of embarrassing.
Let's put something appropriate. Maybe we got something that they're playing on the ear.
Here we go.
Okay, now listen carefully. Those of you former employees over there, those of you are too chicken to call in and won't help us out.
And then if you notice anybody glaring that we've left out, you call in immediately even if it's off the ear.
Suzanne Hadley, Carson Renny, Amnesty Cebo, Alan Burke, Gabe Balsamo, Del Frank, Charlie Capis, Larry Wallenstein, Rawls, San Son, Jerry Williams, Don Webb, Luke Rohn.
LA Gray, Mike Monshide, Warren Shiperoli, Larry Lustig, Dan Kunst, Bob Berger, Barbara Studdley, Shirley Peters, Francine Thomas, Bev Smith, Craig Warding, Mike Siegel, Prescott Robinson, Jack McCoy,
Mike Rosenthal, Mitch Wienerick, C.B. Richard Van Hook, Ed Cohen, John Sloan, Lucy Cooper, Lynn Cameron, Pat Castellano, Stan Best, Gene Miller, Wayne Flasher.
Are you sure? Lee Strosser, Bob Gollum, Keith Gordon, Mike Levine, Carol Murphy, Robert Hall,
Frank Lasko, Tom Schaefer, Steve Daly, Ricardo Rivera, Nick Lawrence, Dave Caprita, Alice Rantel, Sandy Payton, Debbie Ellis, Mike Thompson, Bob Robinson, Alice Rubin, Alan Michael Sharon Mahoney, Marshall Moore, Alan Isonson, Bill Calder, Stan Major, Steve Kane, Bobby Groves, Dick Casper, Larry Mann, Bob Wild Glenn Hutton, Chris Sloan, John,
Levitt, Jeff Cassowar, Jeff Wiener, Lee Fowler, Mickey Dane, Bernie Sloan, Bob Mayor, Morton Lubo, Charlie Meadows, Alamvardo, Mitchell Stone, Jeff Charles, Dave Lemon, Leslie Marshall, Dave Lamont, Drew Hayes, David Gold, Tom Jica, Eleanor Ginsburg, there's the one we were looking for. Amber Stattler, Irf Schindler, Tom Curran, John Harper, Stephanie Lewis, Mike Spindell, Ken Nordin, Zivier Suarez, Sergio Parrera, Mike Johnson, Fred Schatz, Simon Peral, Jerry Ross, Arlene Wolfe,
Jennifer Ren, Tom Lychiss, Aromila Lesmith, Robin Raker, Ron Fraser, Nick Charles, Tim Asubra, Stacey Lieberman, Chuck Dent, Gretchen Graham, Mike Zimmer, Aldemiko, Lee Waller, Peggy Kestore, Nancy McCartney, Kathy Sherry, Kathy Walker,
Herschel Jordan, Lewis, Naomi Bright, Wayne Rooster, David Williams, Tina Walts, Jim Johnson, Mike McClellan, Bill Freeland, Earl Wood, Dennis Saunders, Nancy Varene, Diane Major, Paul Graver House, and Don Stutter.
Now we need to break.
1237, I'm ready to pass out.
Cheers.
Let's write a haul, okay?
And see if we can't bring all the living back into the haul for just one last reunion, we'll have it catered by Wayne and Jeff.
And just go crazy.
Oh no, not Randy Martin again.
1241 at W.O.D., I did leave Tom Lychiss off the list, I'm kind of embarrassed about that, but I think there was probably something Freudian about that.
Could this be for real on line five?
Me and I've got guilty for so many years because I think it's about time you know that Prescott Robinson and I in the morning at the best coffee at W.O.D.F. Christmas we used your water.
You used one?
You know your mountains bring water, that was pretty good.
I was dancing every week.
You used my mountain valley water?
No, I'm sorry, it's good on my conscience.
You bug me, Mickey.
I pray this woman.
Ah, that's not true.
What is that?
Remember that I'm at the empty store I'm closing it, we're closing the store.
But what was that sound?
That's the security system.
Oh, it sounded like an antique bird.
No, just about.
But no, in the morning when we got there the water was so fouled on a flag mystery that we would use your water and I would eat your eggs.
You know those little candy eggs you have?
Yeah.
And for years it's been bothering me and I thought well now I can tell you, I did it.
I pressed it and I had wonderful coffee in the morning.
Can you believe that Mickey Dames swallowed a bird?
Listen to that.
Listen to this.
Unbelievable.
It's incredible.
Listen, I thought I had died, we had even mentioned it.
I opened one station.
The hell I didn't mention it, your name was right near the top of the list.
But honey, you don't know it's like close.
Honey, this.
I closed WFPL.
I was a little less punctual on WFPL.
Figures.
So I'm the kiss of death.
Yeah, that's what they've been saying.
Maybe I did leave your name off the list.
Where did I put it in there?
Did I read it?
I was the first show on the air.
Sometimes I feel...
Geez.
Well see, some of the ones that were so obvious like...
Like us, I guess I left off the list.
Did I leave Mickey Dames after the list?
I heard the list at the end and I realized that no, you had blessed me terrible because I was alive.
Oh no, here it is.
You're right under Lee Fowler and right above Ernie Sloan, so I watched it.
And while by the way I'm sending you pictures, Stan Nature, that guy stole a telegram.
Remember my pocketbook and called the White House.
That's right.
Well, he's no dummy.
But he's still television, but nearer.
By the way, Stan Lee Cohen just hopped in.
He said to say hi.
Oh, tell him hello, Jura.
He hasn't been fielded in the same sense you turned him into a fraud.
You're a kid.
You're a kid.
You're a kid.
You're a kid.
You're a kid.
He'll be okay.
Okay.
See you, Mickey.
Thanks.
And say hi to the bird.
1243 at WIOD and boy, what a list.
What a list.
We have an open line on the star line for any celebrity star, uh, W snoozers at star IOD.
I'm getting tongue tied.
I mean, look at these celebrities we've had called in today.
Stan Major and Mike Spindell and Mickey Dane and Suzanne Hadley.
And Bob Robinson?
Geez.
Whoo!
Are we doing it?
No, Bob Mayor.
Is Prescott Robinson still living, by the way?
Because it's kind of embarrassing if you go on about, you know, you say,
yeah, we're so and so would call in and somebody calls later and said, oh, didn't you know he died two years ago?
I didn't know Ricky Ricardo died.
Rick Rivera.
He was a really interesting guy.
Boy, he in Levit just had this tremendous war.
Because, remember Hurricane David?
Well, Mr. Levit of course was our meteorologist or something alleged.
And boy, he just became, he just kind of like took over the whole building and all these news people were writing him hostile memos and then he quit and then he came back and it just, very,
uh-huh, emotional time in all of our lives.
Let's take a call from Boca.
Yeah, I got a great name for you.
And, uh, it's Ron Sack.
Oh, gee!
What happened, the guy who was next?
Ron Sack, Mr. Editorial from Channel 10.
Yeah.
Mr. Abon Vivont and Mr. Illegal Maven and all of that other stuff or his year would say legal beagle.
The guy who was on the air with somebody had his hands on his ad noise.
Yeah.
He was on the air and Fowler came in and dragged him out or something, wasn't that the story?
Right, right, dragged him off the air.
Yeah.
Middle of the show.
Always liked Ron Sack.
He's a wonderful guy.
Thank you, sir.
But you have to play Happy Birthday to me because, you know, that little thing at D-L-E-P-T.
Why?
Because my birthday tomorrow, anyway, you won't be on tomorrow.
Oh, right.
I'm dying for a whole year for you to do that.
Oh, geez.
Well, I'll tell you for Ron Sack, it's worth it if it was anybody else.
If it was like Mickey Dane, I wouldn't do it.
And...
Only Kitty Mickey just relax.
Don't put on the curse.
Have a great birthday, sir, and a great life.
1245 at W-W-I-D.
And it's interesting what she said about being the last show on F-D-L, being the kiss of death.
We haven't had one open line the whole day practically.
And after she called, we had like four lines open up like the Red Sea.
Is that amazing?
Is Halcyon answering the phone now also?
Oh, boy.
Wow.
This is exciting.
Woo-ee!
We have an open line.
This is called...
Guinea Pig Radio.
655-9463 in Palm Beach.
And one on the Star Line at Star I-O-D.
Well, they'd rather have people do that during this show because if they do it, then Riley's on it.
And then there he goes nuts.
He starts getting hysterical and beating the suds all over the head with a whip.
Miami.
Hey.
Yeah.
I was thinking about your list.
And didn't Greg Budele and Don Agony audition on the air over there?
Yeah, kind of, you're right.
But they never worked there.
No.
Well, they stopped.
I mean, we can lay a lot of guilt trips on that place, but that's not two of them.
Well, I guess they're kind of counting them like he stars right now.
Yeah.
At least they're still working.
Got it.
They're at least today anyway.
Yeah.
Any chance you might play 2-3 out of the way through today?
Oh, boy.
Would that be a bad taste, you think?
Yes, exactly.
It's exactly the reason to do it.
Yeah, you're right.
Well, let's see if I can find it first because you never know if somebody may have come in here and appropriated it.
Yeah.
And that would be bad.
And of course, it is only two minutes and 20 seconds long, so here it is.
We'll be appreciated.
See ya.
Oh, boy.
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
Do you think this is not?
But at 610WIOD, you'll also find fun, unpredictable personalities like
Micronary celebrating his 15th anniversary with WIOD.
Neal Rogers, Outrageous and unbelievable and Rick and Suds,
Crazy with a dash of dementia.
Welcome to 610WIOD.
We're South Florida's news, traffic and weather station and a whole lot more.
News talk radio 610WIOD.
Exactly, it's in Port Aced, it's grotesque and that's why we're doing it.
1251.
At WIOD we have an open line in Palm Beach, 655A, 655, 9463.
Sunrise.
God created W and WS and everything, everything, everything, everything.
If you notice how Dennis's voice is changing, it sound like he was claving with it.
Take the ribbon from my hand, shake it loose, shake it loose, come on in the middle.
Shake it loose and let it fall.
It sounds like you have little hair between your teeth.
Laying soft against your skin.
Do you know what I mean, Jared?
Wow.
Like the saddles on the walls.
1252 at WIOD we have an open line in Palm Beach, 655A, and of course the star line wide open.
Look at those maple leaves, are we doing it or what?
God, we are awesome, 8 to 5 last night as we lose another big one.
They're just pouring in that cool.
Miami.
Neil, I thought I listened to your list quite closely but I didn't hear Craig Anderson.
Craig Anderson?
Who was that?
Sunday morning.
Okay.
Oh yeah, right.
Sure, he was a sports guy at one time, might be.
Yes, ma'am, excellent.
I thought he was the only one I listened to on Sunday mornings because he's sandwiched between two plants shows.
Right.
What about Dave Graveline?
He was never there.
No, oh, okay.
Thank God.
Okay.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
See this?
Is this incredible?
If every caller adds one or two more names to the list, this will be more impressive than what is that?
You got a list?
Well, get him in here.
Don't sit there and hog my list.
My God.
That's embarrassing.
Yeah.
1253 at WIOD, the procession begins at four as soon as those guys get in here, the two troublemakers,
oh, let's know exactly what's going on.
Because I'm just going along for the ride.
Yeah.
Oh, gee, I'm so excited about Eleanor Ginsburg by the way.
We're trying like crazy to come up with Eleanor.
And we did it thanks to our astute audience, man.
You guys, Jeff Bauman.
Unbelievable.
Jeff Bauman.
Now, what about, is Jeff Bauman, the guy whose father owns the deli den, my friend over there in Hollywood?
Isn't that him?
I think that's who I'm talking about.
Cory Zawato.
Yeah.
Oh, you know, oh, my God, you know who I left out?
Here's Steve Shapiro, but you know who we've left out speaking of Cory Zawato.
And I just saw him that night at the hockey game, buying scalped illegal tickets on the street.
What is his name?
With the glasses, he was in the news department, he was on Channel 6.
I knew his name when I saw him and I said, hi to him and I reckon I can't think of his name now.
His father's like got all the money in the big developer.
What is his name?
Oh, come on now.
Jeez, I can't believe it.
I'm choking right in the clutch here.
I feel like I belong on the Oakland A's.
I feel like Jose Can Succo on a bad day.
He was in our news department at the same time with Cory Zawato.
Are there more names saying maybe he's on one of these?
Yeah.
Eleanor Shocket.
Dave Torrey.
Joe Johnson worked there.
Now John Harper did not work there.
Jeez.
No, not guests.
Ruth Shack is correct.
What are all these other names there?
Big Wilson didn't work there.
JJ Wilson, that's his son.
Yes, he did work there.
Ruth Shack had a show.
Big did not work on that station.
Did A's young work there?
He's been everywhere.
We'll put him in probably.
Ron Sacks, we got that.
Joe Johnson worked there.
Boy.
Marshall Moore, we got Ed Kaplan.
Ed Kaplan never worked there, did he?
I don't think so.
Ed Berliner, yeah.
Why?
When I see him on that sports news network,
I go nuts.
He makes me ill physically ill.
Steve Burke, Lynn Asperol.
Is that her name?
Asperol? Asperol?
Dave Slater.
Laurie Sheffield.
How could we forget Laurie?
Sue DeWenluck, who was a producer that you wouldn't wish on anybody?
We got Marshall Moore, Steve Adams.
I have no idea who that is.
Who's that newsman I'm thinking of?
My God, I know I could see him like standing right out there in the middle of the street,
by those illegal tickets.
God, I just can't believe it.
His name begins with a T.
Last name.
Cory Zawato, and don't you hate this?
Didn't I drive you nuts to make you sick?
Don't you want to just bar from this when there are all these names?
You can't remember the right, it's right on the tip of your tongue.
Have you got it?
Just tell me, don't write it down.
Just tell me.
He not tell me.
Who the hell is Eric Phillips?
See, these are after my time.
Who?
Naomi Sheffield.
Naomi.
Was she related to Laurie Sheffield?
Who the hell is Naomi?
I don't know that.
I don't believe it.
And Asiom did work there.
He didn't guard metal show.
Wow.
Asiom, man, he's been on every station in the market,
at least twice, even on Zeta, briefly.
It's always a very brief treat.
He was on a coast for a couple of days until he kicked his ass out.
1257.
I'd W.I.O.D., and I'd see what's going to happen.
I want to think of this myself.
It's a lot more fun than somebody calling it and telling me.
And I saw this guy on a street, my God, I know him well.
Tom Lague.
Tom Lague, that's not it, but that's another guy.
Geez, do you realize this list?
We're going to have to read it all over again and start it about
two-wheel-goodle midnight.
What a list.
I can't believe people don't know who I'm thinking about.
He worked for Channel 6 News.
In fact, there was this kind of like incestuous thing between Channel 6
and W.S. News.
You notice like the speakout?
Or the speakouts not on there, but there was some other show they did that was on 6.
What the hell is his name?
Begins with a T.
Jack Jim.
John.
John.
John.
John.
It is John.
John.
Oh, man.
John.
Turchin.
All right.
Yeah.
I feel like Rick Raleigh now.
John.
Turchin.
See how you talk it out.
If you just talk it out, I feel like I'm on with what's his name.
I'm on the thing on a show.
I can't think of the name of the show.
Now I've got to work on that.
I don't know.
We have a squeal of fortune where he always says, you know, talk it out.
We got two letters up there.
The answer is 76 letters and we got two of an E and an A.
Talk it out.
John.
Turchin.
How could you people forget John Turchin?
Cheese.
What's wrong with you people?
You're slipping.
You started out pretty good today.
Now you're slipping.
You're backsliding, okay?
We're getting pretty disgusted with it.
What a list.
God, I got spages.
Pages.
Pages.
We could make an encyclopedia out of this.
Take the ribbon from my hand.
Is it loose or what?
Take it loose and let it fall.
Every time she says that I get goosebumps in places that it's illegal and brown.
Pompano.
Hello.
Hi.
Ed Katlin just worked.
Are you cereal?
Hi, I am.
Hi, I am.
Outstanding.
And Anna Alejo.
Alejo?
She was a newswoman.
Okay.
Kathy Carlson.
She was Colin's secretary.
And Colin's.
Oh my God, he's another George Steinbrenner.
Yeah.
I'll tell you.
Let him have it.
You bet.
You better believe it.
Thanks a lot.
And there's Jim Crawford.
Jim Crawford.
Louis Garcia.
He did do.
Oh, cheese.
Louis Garcia.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Williams and Dale.
Steve Williams.
And Dale then Ed Ruiz and Dale.
Okay.
How does Colin keep his job?
Excellent question.
Where's the last one?
Or?
Louis.
Eddie Ruiz.
Eddie Ruiz.
Right.
Thank you.
See ya.
We'll be back with our big one and two hour hopefully right around 105.
The opinions expressed by the guest host or caller are not necessarily those who have been
patient.
Now here's Neil Rogers, a new Doc Radio 610 WIOD.
It's a lot of detail hour.
Oh.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
Way.
Way.
You're
I'm.
I'm.
He's
I'm gonna make some change
He has a look out of the blue
I told you, no matter what you got
Do another name, if you can't go up
With a sad change that's laying there
And I'm out of the high above the bridge
I'm a needed, a dying, a dying, a dying, a dying
Let's go home, let's go home, let's go home
Let me what Mike is the... I'm... when he wants to be on a walk
I'm on all of this because he's Mr. Hutshot
He's on a whole bunch of lines
So the press conference, okay?
Yeah, that's what this is
It's a property addressed in black
And also I noticed Puts is addressed in black from the belt up
Nothing else
You know, this is a real funeral
I mean, you don't know because you've just like been doing it
But I've been listening this morning
All friends have been gathering together
All paying their respects
It's been a long time
He stepped on Sandy's knee
And he just stood on the left
Walking with a limp
Anyway, so what are we doing?
You want to lay it out for all these people?
Now I can put on a very orderly
It's gonna be just a little drive-by
Just a little...
Yes, possession
Jeff from Pizza Lobs is bringing eggplant Parmesan
Right, that Jeff, man, he muscles in on everything
Oh, wait, great job
That's just the appetite
Jeff, you're a wonderful guy, don't get psychotic
Stuff shells, manacotti, meatball
Oh, well, I don't understand
Where are the people gonna eat all this?
Pelican Park
What?
That's what Marvin said
Well, no, start from the beginning
Okay, run this far
Is this a... is this a...
You have to run off picnic
Yeah, it's awake
And then the procession
And you have to understand that we...
You've got to eat more than that, Brian, is there...
I don't understand, there's lots of food left here today
Well, somebody coming here...
They're all in mourning
They're stomachs for fun
Yeah, go ahead
And we base this on the schedule that you gave us originally
Yeah
So that's why it was like a four-talk
What do you think of the schedule I gave you?
Well, what you heard, yeah, 430-5 is gonna be the guvais
We were gonna have the procession on the way over there from now
Don't worry about that, that's...
Well, that's how it started
I know
That would really be crude
That would be crashed
That would be grossed
I know, I'm sorry I didn't work out
So at 4 o'clock we're gonna meet at the park
Jeff is gonna feed everybody
It's like the rallying place
Yeah
And then we're going to just take our...
We have...
We have...
Oh my clearly Canadianist stuff
Yeah, you almost knocked it over
Yeah, I did, well...
And then we're gonna be...
We're gonna tie down Mickey Dane to a tree
We're gonna spray her with bugs
I heard her in her tree
So if you're worried about those St. Louis Mosquitoes, Matt
You can kill two birds with one stone
Because she does know that, probably
You can do her neighbors
Including the burdener throw, did you hear that?
Yeah, she called us one day too
Yeah, that's why she listens all the time
She's locked in that dark little room with that cricket
She oughta...
Seriously
Just a joke Mickey
So at 4.30
Yeah
4.30
Hi everybody, take so off
Marvin's gonna go with you
Wait a minute, I thought it was four
That's where they're meeting
So they think I'd have a little...
At four
Where the hell is Pelican Park?
Some place
We'll tell you
Oh come on
You're sticking around
But where is it?
We thought it's right up the street
Yeah, it's getting too big for right here
West?
North?
Yeah
I think it's north
We pass it on the way to work
North, I think it's right up here
I think it's where the cops hang out
Watching everybody speed through that light, right?
Oh yeah
The pigs
Yeah
So anyway, we gotta have like a little half hour rallying place
So everybody can get together, have some food
And then we take off
Now I'm gonna tell you right now
If the guy with the funny wigs shows up
I'm leaving
Run for the big gun
Well it's just gonna be a drive-by
Yeah
That's what Kennedy said too
Yeah, I know
And the grassy knoll is where it starts
Yeah
That's what I'm afraid of
Lee Harvey, Winston
Jr
So anyway, 430 then we leave
And we'll proceed over there
And you're on the air the whole time
You got your phone
And in the whole time
Well there's gonna be people exchanging condolences
We're gonna be fielding calls here
Oh I see
Oh see
I gotcha
I mean you haven't listened to you
Because you've been doing it
But this has been a rallying place
I've been really a real funeral person
I wish I had been gathering
You've heard from people you haven't heard from in years
I wanna tell you when Susie Short Scurtsy heard this
I heard you
I'm telling you I almost lost it
You know it was just like I haven't seen you in years
You don't even know her
No
But it was great
She used to wear skirts up to here
I'm sorry I didn't
In fact Victor Kiyam would go nuts
He'd let her in the locker room
She exposed her, nailed the wrong thing
I didn't say that
Now she's a very nice lady
I'm sure she is
Especially for wear skirts like that
Yeah
And
And that's it
And it should be a great afternoon
And you've been reminiscing
The stories have been great
This is a moment in radio history
It's very...
It's very Robinson still alive
I don't know
See you don't know anything
No
If we were doing a thing for Hartford, then no
This is why we got you
No not Hartford
Los Angeles
Waxie
I wish
Hey
Keep some of this stuff handy
You never know
Based on those stories we're hearing
So again, you've done a great job
And this is good for you
But stop it around
No, I've been listening
It is good for you
But we didn't get Bob Mayor to call in
And Bob listened to the show
Every Stinking Day
Bob, get on the stick
Will ya?
The hell's going on with it
So many people have been calling in today
And even Ralph Redneck didn't call in yet
And it's just like a rallying ground
You're like...
You're the big post
Did you see when you were watching the...
No you couldn't have been, you were on the air
Last night
That won't stop us
Sally and Penny over here
Penny for your thoughts
They come on
And they're promoing the hell out of the WS News story
And they come on like at 5.55 with about a 14-second story
And then they both come back
And Sally real stir and look on her faces to Penny
Well it really is the end of an arrow
Oh you bet
You know, and they're like
Oh yeah, this is terrible
And then I turn over to Dwight
And what's your name? Diana Gonzalez-Ruthi Schwartz and Jones
And they're doing this story
Which is about 22 seconds
The one with Sandy with the dark shades
And Sugar Cookies, Michael
Sugar Cookies
And Dwight comes back
Well, didn't know what to do today
No more talk radio
Boy, this is terrible
No more talk radio
In other words like we don't exist
Like we're poison
And then that bubblehead Juan Carlos Cotex
Who called me again at home last night
He keeps bugging the crap out of me
Where the hell is it?
Your friend Mr. Jicke did the same thing
Mr. Jicke didn't write about it before
He said they were the only talk station in South Florida
He said that
Don't you understand?
He's not even here
I know that
That's what you should be doing
No, this was weeks ago
I understand that
But the point is he's up at the bell
Ma waiting for the breeder's car
I know
He's missing the biggest news stories of the year in the business
What is it?
Denver Walker
He's going to be holding his head in pain
After you get a hold of him
Anyway, the thing in here about Juan Carlos Cotex
WNWS was the last issues oriented
English language
I'm sure glad that Juan pointed that out
Talk out, let him the Miami for Lauderdale area
WIOG610A is the lineup of talk host
But their programs are what the industry calls
Topicless talk dominated by entertainment
Novelty-Gags
And crap
Don't stop, I don't have one in the machine like that
I'm dying on the hear
Right
Well, it's the end of an era
They just don't understand
They, I mean, it's all unfolded in front of their eyes
It's the night
And some of us, I don't want to mention myself, got off the bandwagon
When we saw it was dying
I know
The dinosaur was falling and we jumped off
And said hey, let's go in another direction
Speaking of dying, Highland
Hi
So anyway, come on dig in Lynn
We got some special ones in there for you
It's once, yeah, I have a win here too
It's once 16
I just want to tell you it's been enjoyable
And I don't know if you realize how good this is for you, but it has been
Oh, the memories that are coming back here
I'm hearing about the Warren Chiever-Rolley did it for me
I just want to go in
And you could just hear it
I mean, it's just like oozing
All in the radio
I have a little splattered all the little dependence
You and Allison stop buying, line to my radio
But anyway, so we're going to go over there and just do a drive-by
And then what?
You are, you got to do a urology or something as you're driving by or someplace like close to there
So it's got to be a stopper
I don't know, you say connoisse in Hebrew, it's like last five seconds, so that's easy
Well, then I will reread all the other names and drive-by
And do the salute and you're out of there
Yeah
Okay, and we have music
And we have music and mortar
Now, is it going to be following us in the great ghost of the Ho Chi Minh train?
I should take the vet, I could leave him in the train
Are your review mirrors like working well?
Oh, are there any tall buildings over there?
I've got the California club
We can have a couple of people spotters up there just checking things out
Lee Harvey Winstner
Like the book plays
Yeah
The California club book depository
So there you go
Yeah
And it's not like a Friday, it doesn't seem like a Friday
It doesn't seem like any particular day
It takes me back to those great days, the Battle of the Toxia host, those were the days
See, you just...
And I never forget one day, Barbara Studdley
The wonderful, the illustrious, the very proper right-wing Phoney Barbara Studdley
Is sitting in there and she's got a little belt in a plastic cup
Okay
A little something, you know, a little little little liqueur
Yeah
And a plastic cup
And Alice comes in, who at this time was the program director
And evidently somebody crowing or somebody that said boys
Somebody drinking in there, you got to stop evidently, they never worked with Henry
So anyway, Alice comes in during the break and says
You can't do that in here, on the air, you've got to get rid of it
And it was like about a half a cup
And Barbara picks up the cup and went...like that
Okay, it's gone
All my friends in the Jewish community, it's gone
Love is real, love is real
And it was, it was gone
Yeah, and it's always she
In fact, I think that was the day, she said a couple of things on here we had a dump
One began with an S
And I figured what the other one was
I'm not joking, she was feeling so pain
Yeah
What did we said for that?
Yeah, it was great
Okay, we're everything's under control
I'm gonna go lie down with Henry until, yeah
Till the say-how to grant that one
Okay, okay
Say how to Dennis, he's in her too
118 at WIOD, you're totally classless
We're voting obnoxious station and we're damn proud of it
And we want to tell you about the Unicorn Village Marketplace and restaurant
In the waterways in Northmont, 135 at WIOD
Now listen, not everybody would go to other lengths to get a haircut special for this thing we're doing this afternoon
For our WNWS funeral dirge parade
The collar is on three with the nine names, hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Yeah, I've got, I think I've got nine of them
Okay
All right, we'll start with Gene Pearson
Gene Pearson
Who was?
A news producer
Okay
Mark Durphy
Mark Durphy
Producer and weekend anchor
Uh-huh
Gary Jones
I got him
Okay
We're married to Arlene Wolf
Right, Keith Astuto
Keith Astuto
I think I even knew who that is
Do I?
A news and some sports
Person, yeah
Claudia Foreman
Claudia Foreman
Yeah
Okay
Amy Huggins
Amy Huggins, how could we have left Amy Huggins out of a nice lady
Laura Kaye
Was a receptionist there for a while, she's Judge Kaye's daughter
Yeah
How about Dick Louder
Dick Louder
They don't get any louder than Dick
Uh, Conchita Ruiz
Yeah
Oh brother, now we're getting the really to the meat of the matter
Conchita Ruiz
She used to do the news, right?
Conchita Ruiz
Oh, I love the way she used to say
Conchita Ruiz
I used to say that in the shower over and over again
She just had a certain way
Conchita Ruiz
Yeah, she's working over at the U.M. now
Professional Relations
Great, and pubic relations outstanding
And I could swear there was a bookkeeper named Miriam something
Miriam, Miss Miriam
Yeah
Who used to call her Miss Miriam, you're right, who is this?
Uh, this is Keith of Studeau
Oh, well no wonder I knew who you were
Trying to remain incognito as Studeau
So how you doing?
Not too badly
It's so sad about what has happened
This frequency, 790, can't seem to hold a state
Yeah, they can't hold a candle
Well listen, Keith have a great life and thanks for the memories
Hey, thank you Neil
See ya
Bye-bye
Wow
No wonder there was kind of like that pregnant pause when I said
Do I know Keith of Studeau that was him, that was he
137, Conchita Ruiz
Oh man
I'm gonna be saying that all week and I'd first see what a nice little lady too
Conchita Ruiz
God
WN, WS
Conchita Ruiz
I'm just gonna be saying that all rest of the afternoon so I'm out
Just put me in the back of the old person, let me just sit there babbling, okay?
I can be I be babbling
Now I'm kind of in a delicate position, now would you give me some fingers or something?
Not that one
Give me a hand because I can't see the board
All right, he's not paying any attention
You see that's one thing I like about George
Put anybody in there and he just, bab bab bab bab bab bab bab bab
Candle
Yeah, hi
Hi
This is my son over the corner, listen to your long time
But this was such a moving day
Hey listen, I'm not, besides I'm out of work now
Are you serious?
I'm serious
Wow
Yeah, I walked in and said that's it for me
Well the good, it was glad it was that way
Yeah
It was your choice
Yeah, it was my choice now
Miss Miriam, oh man, I'm telling you that the key
Miss Miriam quit?
I don't know, but I remember who that was now, Miss Miriam
She used to have like the paychecks I think
Oh, I remember her
Miriam, what a nice lady she was too and of course, who was it, Gene Miller?
He was like the traffic guy or something
He was a great guy, he was an old guy with a great sense of humor
He used to smoke his thumbs
He was just a wild chain smoker but a funny guy
I have a feeling he's probably no longer with us
How old were they?
70s
Late
Late
Late
I think
Yeah, but he was a hell of a guy
Um, just a question
When still Goldstein was batting around to all these different stations
Have you ever hit on WNWS?
Yeah
We got him on the list, the key for the keys, he's been everywhere, he's been here
How do I miss it?
Okay, alright, that was my question
He's been on more stations than Mickey Dane
And Ace Young, and that's saying a lot
Listen, this is my first time calling you
Would you give me a little privilege here?
Yes
Would you allow me to sing a little something to Chris
Who is listening to you even as we speak?
Sing to who?
Chris
Chris
Yeah, Chris
Oh, that was what I wanted to sing
Oh, okay, I'm sorry
That's okay, I just wanted to sing
Son Ben, Fatty
Great
Yeah, Chris and I used to sit at the computer and sing that loudly
Did you
And he would say
Say what you say, you must know, can't you eat that Louise?
Oh, yeah
Have a great weekend
You too
Five, one forty
What a day this has been
God, I just, in the annals of broadcasting, there's never been anything quite like it
We have an opening in date, 751 W, can I tilt my head over real quick?
Thank you, Diane
Boka
Boka on the Palm Beach Line
Deal
Yes, sir
How about Jerry, I'm getting out of the business Williams
Oh, I got him, I got him in the first column
I thought you might have
He, that was, I told that story four thousand times, but that's just the most incredible story
The last night in town he gets mugged and almost murdered in the studio while I'm on the air
Oh, no
You don't know the story?
I never heard of it
He was leaving, he had done his last show, he was leaving the next morning to go back to Boston
He had said farewell
And he was getting all his stuff together late in the afternoon, early evening
He's cleaning out his stuff and it's about 815 at night
I'm on the air with some lady and all of a sudden he comes running into the studio
Let's face the color of a sheet, of a white sheet
And he's grasping at his neck
And I put the speaker phone, I took my mic off and I dumped the speaker phone
So the woman is babbling along on the air and he says to me, three black guys with guns
And he runs out again
That's when you're in candle, isn't it?
Yeah
And so I said, well, the lady's talking, I said, well, I have an alley we have a little emergency here
And I gave out the 911 number I said, if anybody listening to this little assistance here, we've got a problem in the building
And within two minutes the pig showed up, but by that time these three guys had left
And Jerry had the, they took the chains, the gold chains from out his neck and they took his money
And then as they were on their way out they said, well, he saw us, one of them said we better shoot him
So he ran back and then all of a sudden he didn't know where they were
And then he dove under a table in the news booth in a dark room and he dove under there
And that was it and they finally panicked and ran out when they saw that it was a radio station
And of course, I'm in there sitting in a room with no exit, the only way out is where they are
You know what I'm saying? It was pretty incredible
I'm Terry, one of the thing Neil does, Sheriff Nick know that Soaper talks about exposed areas on the air
Oh jeez, band and rowered
You can't be doing that, no
No more channels so we're going to put up the big roadblock tonight sir
Also Neil, I'm getting a little feed-down on your, I'm a walkman when I listen to you in the afternoon
Great
Yeah, you might want to talk to him
That's our new bilingual service or no extra charge
And in closing, David's in your dish back
You know who's doing the news on that station by the way?
I couldn't tell you
Couldn't eat that Ruiz
All right, see you
142 at WIOD, now what is that on the bad line Bill Kelly?
Hi Neil
Yes sir
Bill Kelly
Bill Kelly
Yes sir
How you doing Bill?
Never better, I'll buy yourself
Sounds like Mr. G to me
No, no, no
Who's Bill?
Are we working together?
I don't know any Bill Kelly, that was Mr. G, you goofball
143 at WIOD Bill Kelly
Yeah
I'm telling you, it just doesn't get any better, Hollywood
Neil, how you doing?
Great
I realized the story of the day is the passing of the guest, I mean friend
I was good, it's kind of late now
What I was going to ask you was, did you think you might get a call from Dave Johnson being his breeder's cuts up tomorrow?
No, you know why?
Why?
Because ABC isn't doing it
He only caused me for the derby and everything about ABC does and we carry but this is an NBC event the breeder's cut
You're exactly right, I think I'm going to have to take a look at that
And he's not involved so even though Dave is our good pal and a wonderful guy, he won't be caught
I didn't even think about that
Well, it would have been great
Yeah well, I was kind of hoping somebody would call you and talk to you about these horses this year
You bet you
Yeah well just get your hat been out pal
That's the best way to do it
I hear you
So when we're going to the couple of times
You're going to go down a bed on any of those horses
No sir
You're not
Save it all my money for the breeder's crown next Friday in the afternoon
Well that's only a week away
And I just understand that Tom Durkin is going to be here to call those races too, it'll be incredible
Is that right? He's got to call the breeder's crown
Oh that's right
What a guy huh?
Exactly
Maybe we can get Tom on the show next week
That would be great
Yeah
Alright Neil
We can recreate that Sunday, silence, easy go or call one more time
You know I just got done watching the video that race
Wasn't that incredible?
Oh that was one of the best
You don't have any of those old calls in your car today
I played it yesterday
Did you play it?
I played it
I played it yesterday
Sir, you were a day late in the dollar show
I'll be, I'll miss it
Well that's terrible
You'll be okay
Listen, Pund your guts good luck tomorrow
Alright, thanks a lot Neil
See you
145 at WIOD
We have an open line in Broward, 524, WIOD
Diane is cutting like at the neck now
She said Sally said this one's for you
Stand, oh jeez
Incredible
Getting my funeral procession haircut
I guess it's appropriate isn't it Diane that you'd want to have a haircut before you go participate in a funeral?
I would think
That's appropriate, you wouldn't want to look
Now do you want to give yourself a little plug now even though I gave you $400 for this haircut?
I was too
Yeah
Alright, wait a minute
Oh I'm all tied up here
What I would like to say is
To everybody that was listening last time and came in, thank you
And the best thing you could do is call Neil and tell him how happy you are with what you had done in the salon
How about the haircut?
Well, Neil
And another thing I'd like to say is that
Jeannie is an advisor for Matrix
We are a complete Matrix salon
We have their full line
We can take care of any hair type
And we are full service salon
And Anthony is a precision hair cutter
And this is the place you should come
She's a hair boutique
We're at 1400 East 79th Street
8610395
Thank you
Or you're getting pretty good at that now
Yeah, I'm getting good
She's really getting it down
And she does a great job by the way
Trust me
I'll be ready for my insurance
Yes, right, pretty soon you'll have your own show on WNWS
Tom Ligui, we got these Jeff Wien
I'm just looking at the Camille
Oh, Camille San Son, that's Shirley's good friend
Boy, watch yourself
Camille San Son, yes, ma'am
Sir, Ellen Morphe was at Ellen Morphe
But she never, wow, now put her down
She worked on fillings
And she worked on this station
Every other one, since she is the hang-in-jitch
We better put her down too, she might get upset
Okay, the list has grown to a fever pitch
There was an IOMI Sheffield also
I wonder if she was related to
Lorie Sheffield, I have my doubts
Boy, what a list
I've now got like two full pages
And one of them I've gotten written like all over the sides of the page
And on the back and on top
147 at WIOD
Do we have any celebrities on there at the moment?
Okay, we'll get right back to these calls after this
If you've just joined us as a new listener
Welcome to 610 WIOD
I can leave mine, okay
What a girl
Okay, let's go to Sunrise
Oh, Nail
Yes sir
How about Rick Shaw
Yeah
WFU in Yari got him on the list?
Rick Shaw
Yeah, WFU in
What does that got to do with WNYWS?
I thought you said that's what it was before W
It was
So I'm going way back
Yeah, okay
Let's go to
Oh wait a minute, wait a minute, go ahead, don't stop
Sally got this
Sally got this
Sally, get out of here
I just cut it out
Okay, it is a sad day, okay
It wasn't dynasty, it was it is
Whatever you said Sally, just stop it
People are starting to talk
Cross brings
Yeah, Nail, this is Bob and Cross brings
I was wondering if you got that tape I sent brought down to you yesterday
You brought a tape of what?
Oh yeah, thank you Bob of the Affair Wellthin
Yes, I was wondering if you got it
Now I don't have any WNWS names for you
But I do have a whole collection of these
Oh yeah
Yeah, see we can play that because that's from the previous Rishi in many ways
So Dennis eat your heart out, are you going to send those to me?
I'll make a copy of them and send them down to you
But I'm not going to drop make that drive again
No, no, I'll just mail them down to you there
Appreciate it Bob
No problem, thanks
Oh man, and those could be the ones with Ken or Dean
WNWS, South Miami
Miami
Port Lauderdale, Oh just near field
Plantation
In like 17 different octaves and different, oh man
Talk about a splice job
Splice this Dennis
Okay, let's go to Golden Beach
Hello Nail
Yes sir, how you doing?
Great, good for you
Listen, I have a just
All right, calm down now, I'll come relax
Just take a deep breath
Okay
Lay it out, okay
I want you to hear this
And we have a lot of laps
No, can't play, we can't play their stuff on the air again, don't you people understand
You can't re-broadcast the stuff from another station unless you're a Spanish language station
In which case nobody understands and they do it all the time
More names from Boka
Kimi Jo Prizrauski
Or something like that, she's in programming, she's
Come on
Sandy and David
I got your Prizrauski over here sir
What's that?
Jimmy Jo what?
No, Kim it's like Kimi, KJ, they call her over there
Okay, J, okay, I talked to her yesterday
Yeah, no idea what was going on, I called up today
And they said you know she's going to like the station
Welcome to radio sir
Oh boy, gotta go
Thank you
Johnny Dork just came in with his gray and white striped shirt
And would love to have that microphone on but unfortunately it's on, it's on
I came into the sea sally, I heard her
She's a hit and run artist you know
I heard something buzz came in
She flew out of here
Oh well
Anyway, it's 154 WIOD
Can you believe this list? Look at that sheet
Look at that, I mean that's just, and now I'm on my second sheet and that's almost filled up
Oh my god
And you know there are lots and lots of people, I mean when we left out
Kim Subra worked there
Conchita Ruiz
Kim Subra was our second production guy
The first one pulled an iPhone somebody got fired the second week on a job
Wow, Tim Subra
Kim Subra was there a long time
Ken was there?
Ken or Dean did all the adjingos, the voices yeah
This is an amazing list
It is
They went and we went on in 78
So the station was on for 12 and a half about 13 years
13 lucky number again there you go
Sandy Payton
You see here with the shades on the news you wouldn't have seen a run here
Oh boy
Unreal, are you done?
Boy are you fast
Thank you Diane you're great
Give another little plug, come on let's everybody go over get their haircut even if you don't need it
Everybody come over to the hairboat teak
1479th Street
Barbara is waiting to take your call 8610395
Thank you, Diane you're great
She does a great job, I feel 100 pounds lighter now I can go and do this in style this afternoon
Great thanks
Richard Van Hook
Can't believe it
What was the engineer Lee Saddle Banks?
Come on what's his name? I wrote it on there
Mitch Wing gave it to me this morning Lee
Waller yeah
And then when we got Eleanor Ginsburg we got another bunch of names
Stu Kaufman
Dick Hertz
Pat Nagroin
I can't read all of these you think I'm reading them all
Here's Secureair
Mitch Lewis is sick ladies and gentlemen just write that in your little memory bank
Mobile on the starline
Okay, how you doing?
That's low I'm doing great I've got two names for you how about Reese Jill Miller
Reese Jill Miller
Okay and Cory's a lotto
We got Cory you got her already and I remember John Turchin at the same time because that was the same era
Oh okay let me ask you this you got to do a show on the on the best shows
You ever did on WNWF
No that's a go two and a half minutes no you want to know the best one you ever did
Okay ten years ago it was one called don't call us will call you yeah and you had all the
You used to call the magnificent seven you remember that well yeah we called them out we called blind Mike and Bob Martin
Yeah, Joy Martell yeah
What was that Haleen star yeah how's that for a member oh the bilingual lady right yeah and when you said you said you know was all in fun
He started in with the bilingual stuff again. That's right
I mean and what was it Sam Fepper or whatever right yeah you know what he said
I'm playing on the hand
Unreal what are those people gonna do now well you know who else you had on the guy
What's his name the one that says hello pretty lady to Jack Jack from the beach from the beach and Harvey of Kendall
Now he moved up to North Bay Village I think I think it's Harvey from North Bay Village we're moving
Now you are the best make no mistake about you are your excellent thank you bye bye see you okay nice call from a Saul Fouce
Shigat Lush is my favorite yeah when she says that I just go nuts or is that the a t-shirt man air t-shirt bomb
We got to get some t-shirts made up for a very university bucks basketball and I promised Troy was it here to not
Not a jillion of them but just enough and we'll even come up with a few bucks if we need to
But just like in the sorted sizes like we were going to a picnic something like that it loose Shigat Lush can we hear that one more time
Oh God when she says that I just go into orbit 158 on the coast
Take the ribbon from aren't you guys planning wait man here we go listen very careful
Yeah, oh boy on real those are beautiful these designer Rick and suds news crews how come my name is not no shirts
I'm doing all the work and these guys are getting the shirts something stinks in Denmark I tell you that boy you ought to do those shirts just out of the kind of see your heart now just to make up for this more names
Wayne Riston news reporter ex-proven here and hockey a fish and auto got it go you did yeah how about nothing
Health Rick Nelson Helferick yes, or he was there he was fantastic
I
Wait what is Steve's frequency gonna be and can I get it here in this frequency Laurie said about once every two months I heard that okay
Well listen this has been incredible and all I know is you really helped us do it today
This is a send off even my Bubbie may she rest in peace never had a send off like this we've got names. I haven't been invented yet people
Have been born yet unbelievable and you know what they're saying over there right now eating their hearts out I'm dying over here and never have two words been spoken Dennis trust me
Okay stick around because we'll be giving you all the directions on how to participate in this grandios affair
We're doing this afternoon. We got the flowers want to thank the florist again who is
Derby's floral shop up in Coral Springs on ramblewood drive
Michael us byger Belger whatever the hell is name is he sounds like he's ready for the new revolution anyway dick and
Duttle be along next is we get prepared for little snooze crews this afternoon Marvin of course gonna get busted spend a whole weekend in jail
Which a lot of us are gonna pitch in to keep him there have a wonderful weekend and we'll see you Monday morning at 10 here on 610
Your what does he call it your topic list novelty song and gag station W I O D
W I O D
What yeah they got they got a pig over at W and W S
I thought you let you
Well he started to be finishing up any day now Saturday but lose
Let's add let's let that life toe five in there come on get off the property Debbie plantation
But load hey back at you and but gross thank you I got a few more names for what
Groan of a Chris Loneses high white isn't Chris Lone call in come on Chris call in always working up
You more than you know no no what is this I'm not making the list give me the little
Oh Larry can't talk to like Santa Claus here there you go okay yes sir how about a
Wait a minute Larry can't ever work there I love it so he worked on I and C
Do you ever work there Craig would know but I don't think so the Dean we got
Oh buddy Clark entertainment at her buddy Clark yeah right oh yes okay go ahead I'm
sorry I was just thinking how about the guys who are on their every day you're in
your out like our link letter Eddie Albert Ed McMahon
Money Hall
Art link letter was on there he who knows what they know they can come
The commercials for the police all to come with grief are you okay sir the commercial for the people who
Who haven't walked in years yeah craft man across less than oh now we're gonna be sponsors yeah
Hey don't knock it we're gonna win here at all those great spots all wonderful I do that arching legs
Yeah ready for it sir I like your arching just
Yeah absolutely okay thanks for the call let's go to
Oh God thank God he called it love you
$18 he's been like this I know I know okay we'll put him on hold you know we I
think we need him and a couple of other phone weepers this afternoon yeah yeah
we need how about Rick weeper okay never mind let's go to Miami
hello yes okay my ex husband has worked there several times over the years
that goes everybody's yeah his name is Rick Lamas he was a
producer and a board op at times and an engineer at times I think it was one of
the first guys there Rick Lamas yeah do I also worked at INZ a few times do I know
yeah you did not you didn't ever work at the same shift that he had he worked
early mornings a lot I'll be done and then Larry Kent did work there okay boy
thank God he and Debbie didn't work there at the same time he was a nice guy
yeah Larry's okay yeah also I think but I could be wrong but I think Rick Edwards
worked there for a while oh geez oh my skin is crawling I don't think that guy is
really did he really yeah I like to ask Mitch Ween about that the engineering department
and also there are a couple of guys at INZ that I think I have a new and
NWS and that was Leonard Finver did he work at NWS also could be we'll have to
check that out yeah I think he did I'll write it in I'll write it in I'll
write it in a two-toned phone is Al Warnell he's a news editor at INZ now oh
yeah right he worked there I thought he did I thought he did yes man okay so
that's that's three names who is wow my name is Jennifer I met you a few
times at the station also but long your ex-husband you say my ex-husband okay was
that one of the reasons he was your ex well yeah intermittent employment does
hurt yeah but also I don't know if these two count but I used to listen to them
I've saturday mornings at work Tony Grant and Dr. David Viscott well they're like
syndicated they're in the same died all over the current the field so to speak
this they're like that this is only one light bush Bing Bang and Paul Harvey
thanks for the call well like Tom Snyder wouldn't would you say that he was
telling everybody to listen to w a yeah get up on the south Florida listen to
double get up on a roof and hold something we need to take a break here and tell
everybody about Cadillac Jack so this he's he's he's taking this whole thing he's
been pretty melancholy too yeah is this gonna be on the top of the list on
dead or alive tomorrow this will be the whole show yeah I'll leave the list yeah
that'll kill three hours yeah that'll cure kill three years well we have Corey
actually be Dave Corey right Corey Corey yeah well they can't understand over
the phone now how are you planning on doing this on the ulaji you're gonna read all
the names what well have time to read them a little more slowly as we get close
to the bridge okay and you can put on some appropriate music now are you gonna
do this over again like that damn thing I'm gonna have a stroke
no that was right in the right use although would be convenient that would you
could light on and back yeah now are you set up are you going to get him a
personal white hot that I know it payback is a bitch personal white hot and
there you go see that's the amazing part of this whole thing is like Dennis Collins
in this regime over there they really have nothing to do with the real w n w s
they don't I mean they've been killed in a killed exactly but they weren't part
of the glory maybe after we do the downroll we ought to put them on trial yeah you go
ahead and do that yeah now I'll be on the way I'm sure that they see the sense of
humor at all no chance you know what Jose I don't know him well consider yourself but I
would like to just you know you like to know I know I'd like to give him the
tombstone we have a beautiful this whole deal was a first class operation we
look at these shirts we have a beautiful three hundred pound tombstone now don't
you think they'd want to put that as some kind of a monument to the years that
were thirteen years if you had the rock cats and the june taylor dancers choreographed
a whole thing he'd still think you're a douchebag okay he knows he'll be over there
as queasy is bag well what about if we drive by the truck and like have it turn
a corner and just falls off yeah that would be and bounces up on the parking lot
like their listeners
wait grab housing what is his name again because we should thank him the boat show guy
what we'll do is we've had these I apologize there's been so much stuff going on
here we haven't been able to keep up with all the stuff yeah now we've been given
a very very tense good friend Barry david should never worked at the W's
very david should news guy very david to trivia guy kind of like stuigold
steam they had a trivia guy Mike Spendel used to do trivia well he is trivia
easy Mike's a nice guy sensitive emotion like like Bob now isn't cozy so I can
suck all that stuff up we need to get get the guy's name because he was nice
enough to give us boat show tickets and what we'll do is at Pelican Parks this
afternoon when all the mourners gather to kind of pick up their spirits will give
away the boat show tickets so you people who come on out we have these beautiful
t-shirts the Rick and suds news crews a little tombstone it's got everybody's name
on there says may you snooze in peace I think we have like close to a hundred of
those shirts to get away I don't like that Jeff from and once again want to thank
t-shirt Bob and Tom at that captured glory capture I keep on saying crowning
well go ahead but it's good five seven six six eight five three and we have
the police escorts we have a hers we have a couple of hers this is her side
what's the other guy's name she's overcome with grief to the boat show guy well
that's okay what's his name he still has a name Tom what Tom craft
Chris craft Tom Tom the boatman from master craft okay thank you Tom the boatman
from master craft for the boat show tickets very good house you're you're like so confused
you could just step into management forget this board op craft okay so it's 244 again for phone
wepers this afternoon we can offer them breeder's cup bags and shirts okay we need like three wepers
on the phone yeah just to kind of add that on be honest to just kind of you know be backup wepers
and that's about it I guess the thing will eat from four to four thirty the procession
we're gonna have escorts so nobody has to be broken up are you gonna drive you're gonna ride in the
hers I'm gonna drive drive the her are you crazy
woo punch it so you're gonna go out there and fly are you yeah great you ever been in a
hers you think I'm gonna drive my car over there who I hadn't thought about it you're dreaming wow
it's a set what a target for a three fifty seven yeah yeah yeah wow
I'll be in a red BMW my name's KT it's two forty five at WIOD let's go to I could have swore
he called you this morning about about the godfather the uh trailer for I know that that's what
through me but it sounded exactly like him north Miami this is the Dean speaking
doesn't that silly the Dean takes some more oxygen will you Alan come on
I could have the new one take another one this is Alan Burke hey listen I want to ask you a question
what's going to happen about Mike Thompson history no more exciting shows
she's no one I think that's what he's gonna go for when was that he was on Saturdays
that's some pretty exciting close-by shows uh topical topics uh-huh all like that there
I saw you have to remote Jerry with the G calling got with the blue code from the
spec remote long time back July the guy with the blue code right you said everybody else had
white well you remember it clearly when I mentioned this Gilbert handing me the mic
yet to go the bathroom and I did a little material he did a little something on his material
well he handed me the mic and I you know the first time I held one of the
Gilbert sent me a letter yesterday he wanted me to tape up boobs a lot
boobs a lot boobs a lot yes sir will you ever be playing the uh that's the only part in the Jewish
hamster and the and the lady who fell down get together I'm sure I can't get off the game
but not today sir well I mean I don't know that might be appropriate today I will say
we'll just put that on you Gilbert handed this guy the right it was a bad mistake yeah it's the
greatest yeah okay thank you sir see you okay good or mobile hey how you guys doing morning good
morning you weren't what's sure how are you I'm great don't sound so damn chipper I'm uh kind of
sad what can I tell you yeah I have a couple other things a lot of water now these people are great
they're putting on good fronts well how about how you guys considering guest hosts like Rebecca
Paul I'm you guys consider guest host Rebecca's ball did you hear the uh
Becca's balls did you hear the song that we have Rebecca's balls yeah how about
Linda Thornton how about productive people how about was Linda Thornton ever at AWS no way
guest hosted yeah but that doesn't make for an employee how about how about a production
person like JJ Wilson big Wilson son got it how about how about that guy that used to work in
a continuity back a loved one of remember the old guy that worked back there wrote the copy I
mean Miller that's him got it how about the character is anything how about Kermit
Schaefer that that thing they did in the morning Tom Schaefer got it non-talk about the character
that he made up where he did his is the morning of radio comic strip remember that remember that
kneels lying down sir I think you think it's easy he's just grieving for a moment I'm
I'm grieving I'm sorry I'm emotional I'm very emotional get a grip okay we'll see it's a part you got
Larry Kent on there he will yeah you got him well I think you guys got a cover by the way there's
a cop in their parking lot and the back parking lot has a a yellow police line across it good so
they're waiting for you oh our parking lot all right great carry on thanks
hey they should have one every day up on the cause way yeah sunrise yeah how about
Stu Kaufman got it and their last radio doctor Dr. Bruce Buckewicz was he local yes
Dr. Bruce Berkowitz and he was their last doctor
so good luck have fun today thank you so much these flowers I know you mentioned we should
also mention because the guy is like right I'll find me and Rambo would square what's the name of
the place they have it is Darby's floral shop and when he called yesterday and offered some flowers I
thought you know a couple of flowers is this the spray is this the casket spray are you reading
your backwards spray this I didn't know what a casket spray was that's this and we're going to
have this flat bed we're going to put those flowers on the flat bed with the casket spray no that's
facial spray as in raid look out Mickey it's a raid you notice she said that's not true
convinced you went for a can I'll tell you one thing she ain't never gonna get that in
Sephirat to see a new answer any place else okay let's go to hey Stanley look at that Stanley
cone just hopped up on a CD player captain hey hey morning captain your basket bro oh now do you
want to wait a minute did you see the slam dunk contest on the news last night yes okay so you
see it's for real yes all right so what about the t-shirt all we have are Rick and suds news
crews we fought
