Russian friends, they were feeding them bores, huh? You ever eat bores? Bores? Yeah. We have the Palomias steak. I mean, all you got is basically bores. And then, and then, you have the bores that bores. That's bores. You made that. We just mentioned whether that palomino, a palomino is a horse. Palomino steak, which is a Cuban for horse meat. And you got beans. And you got Indiana Ross Latent. That's all you got. All these chicken dishes you've never had. He had chicken. From chicken that you choked into a goddamn part. You are, we're talking about civilized food here, mister. We're not talking about the forgotten food. Which you also like, the pride. But yeah, right. In fact, that's what Indiana Ross likes to do with what's his name? Dexter in her spare time. What's your brother? He's a little bit. Yeah, and then, cook him and have him for dinner. But at any rate, oh, she makes me sick. Yeah. She makes me angry because I think every time I see her, I think of a bores and bores and a dana. And I think what a shame it is that she's dead and this pitch is still alive. That's a sad sad piece of news. Is that a hysterically funny lady who was married to Jean Wilder by the way, who's also hysterically funny in his own bizarre way. She's dead and this bitch is still alive. You're the red or each or her daughter. Okay, sweet heart. Or her over that girl. Shame on you, Billy on her gorge ladies. You crazy obnoxious district. And yesterday, of course, because directionally, let's loosen up with a few but just a little bit. She'll pop that pop that pop that pop. Yeah, motor mouth bitch. Crazy motor mouth bitch. Probably somebody who's telling me no states. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, no. Mr. Colin, go you go. I was going to go hot tonight get the VV. And I was never coming. I would like to see the law. To make my city. To my family city. So great by our residents. Right. That's right. They got a little ball baby. You want to see little bow no more. No more. That's right. I'm going to see the trade and leave my daughter open now. That'll teach him to go to West Palm Beach, right? Yep. Can I get a city? So you just making out of here? Can you get one there? They're all gone. I'll give you the number you might call a state still got him. It's nine five four. Yep. Five six three. Thirty six hundred. All right. Let you go. Okay. There you go. Yeah. Little bow. You won't see him. No more. That's here. I got little bow. You said a motel in West Palm. Nice. How about that little bow? And it looked in there. If they looked to the crack in the door. That'd be a little bow. He was that what that would be. And there he was inside. Okay. Come with us little bow. We'll see him. No more. That's good. Get that. You know, we'll kill quite so many. Oh, and by the way, you know, I was going to save this for later, but the timing since he brings up a little bow. One of the most unbeatable and it's only a coincidence. If you have the Harold, if you don't have the Harold, rush out and steal it. Okay. Page 10 A in this morning's Harold world and national news. Now, it just so happens that they continue on page 10. A story that's on the front page about this kid on the turnpark that got hit by a stray bullet. 19 year old Vladimir St. was hit by a bullet between open park and set of mys bullet hearts on the turnpark. Just thinking how traveled along, sing it a song, but I'm being, you know, there you go. Walk with the song float of Vladimir. And the second part of that article is on his page and right above and alongside our two amazing articles. And it shows a wounded Israeli settler on a stretcher. We held in a Jerusalem hospital Monday after gunmen fired on a van in Hebron. And here's the story. Two Jewish settlers wounded an ambush in the West. A teen headed home on the turnpark. He went off to the left is real to deport 11 US cultists. Three others held until the pro bands. These are those crazy wackos that we're trying to bring on on. Again, by exactly. Israel ordered 11 members of the dooms they cut the port of the United States and police said Monday. They suspected three others applauding to him at violence in Jerusalem. Police arrested 14 members of the concerned Christians on Sunday and said the Denver Bay Group hoped that bloodshed and holy sites would trigger the second coming of Jesus. Don't they know trigger his dead? The second coming of Jesus and that Armageddon and the Bible says we'll fall to the end. So what we got are a bunch of crazy people with guns. We got him in Israel. We got him on the turnpark. And. See, I was going to say the only piece of desert worth fighting over his vagus, which I've always used that line about what a piece of crap is real is. But all these crazy religious the Arabs and the Jews in the Goan. I, it's Jerusalem. It's the holy light. Yeah, blow it up. You know, blow it up your hands. However, the only problem being, well, this wasn't in Vegas, but it wasn't Nevada. Because, well, I think there's only one way to come on. Let's go with this thing already. We don't have all day. What thing away to sum it up? That's the American fucking way. Night for shoots motorists along Nevada highway. They don't want to be left out. Reno, Nevada. A man was shot in the chest on Monday. Why a sniper targeting traffic on interstate 80. See, and Sicily, they just had another one over the weekend where they had a big shooting. And the West dropped there. The mob. And of course, they were a little more careless than usual. They were just pissed off so much. They didn't care who was in the way. But in America, it's like, hey, if you happen to be on the turnpark, we're like if you happen to be on the I. The I. 18 we decided to do a time. Three other vehicles were hit by gun fire force in the closure of a highway. From the outskirts of Reno to the California State line. The wounded man was able to drive several miles to a fire station. He was hospitalized with a wounded police said, was not life threatened. Thank you. Thank you. Good for that. There you go. Crazy people with guns. You see, you can argue the theoretical of the gun thing all you want. You can argue, you know, about the right, just like in that book that I love. But I've been reading from all our rights being taken away. But the only problem is that the emotional maturity level of the average American person is like about a five year old. And then when also you put guns in the hands of lunatics, like the hysterical Jews and Arabs who were out there to kill each other on the West Bank, then it's the same thing because they're pissed off and fired up. And when you put guns in a hands of people who are pissed off and fired up, they have a tendency to use them. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Mobile in bokeh. You be there? They waited 17 minutes and 50 seconds and they'd be gone. Well, I can't imagine why they did that. We have an open line in Broward 560564, 560560, 560560, on the 18th to Wallace line. Here, in fact, I think what we ought to do is have a big celebration, noom to day. Let's just bring up a little bowl and the rest of it. There you go. Let's bring up. Just like we did with Mussolini there in Italy. If you end the world war two, string is ass up there. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Here's a load on the team Martin's name. We had a team now. What what that name be? He's father name is Maurice. He was conceived. His mother as a gesture to his father, one named two Maurice. So instead of when they are registered a name, instead of being two, it's tough. So they put a name Tom Maurice, whatever's last name is. Yeah. So that's a load on the name. Instead of two, it was tough. The records keeper at the hospital, instead of writing could be well, too. Pardon me? I felt too. Well, there's our American money going to what the education. What did you think? Was that after a range of low and low and low, and low, or was that just before that? I have no idea, but I guess I wasn't there. But two, now what is it again? His name is T. I mean, the father's name was Maurice. Right. And when he was T as a gift to the father, the mother wanted to give, present the father would it get? So instead of naming Maurice, he named him two Maurice, which is his father's name. Who Maurice? Right. Two Maurice. And maybe it was Tomor. Maybe he was in a great San T meeting movie. Hasn't that was a good tumor? Well, I don't know. Well, maybe he just got a T tumor. You never know? Well, I don't know. I guess everybody has their own ability. Everybody's got their thing, you right. Exactly. And I think I'll leave his alone. Okay. Thanks for the good news. There you go. He'd be two minutes. Two minutes. Now, do we understand? No. But he's got the load on. I'm still trying to put the two by the T by the Maurice. I don't get it. We have a number of Maurice Williams and Azotex. You're an open line in date, one in Broward, five six. And you can see wireless lines. Here's North Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning, you. Where is he? Are you sir? Great. Happy New Year, happy you've been late at any research. Thank you. Neil, reference to the foodman. George, you've got to take you out some more. I mean, forget about three whole days and all that crap. Hey, holy. That's, uh, it's not messy. I think it's not about, I guess I forget about that. I mean, a night. I do like Taco Bell. That's nice. I mean, you don't like Taco Bell. Yeah, I mean, we don't supreme with no beans. When I have a kid or much, he's like all that. There you go. Anyway, Neil, no, really. That George is saying I'll come for you. God, do I eat? I was going for you. Oh, I've had too much chicken. I don't want to see another chicken. What is it? What is it? What? What is it? I don't know what it's in the restaurant. Oh, I still see what I'm talking about. Oh, I see what I'm talking about. Oh, I see what I'm talking about. Things, that you're going to be telling me about fun. I actually want to see. I see the chicken. I don't know if I'm going to see it. I got pizza. Fuck off, Rita. God, I can't even see these things. But let's digest them. And as far as the third flat is probably one of the best desserts I've ever made. You like flat. Dude, that's not Clem. I mean, that's a thing. I don't know, you know something. He's right. This guy just hit on the edge of it is Clem. That's the Hispanic way of saying Clem is Clem. You're right. That's a little bit correct. That would be great. How do you like that? Clem is Clem. In a spunule. Seriously, it tastes like Sna. There's no, I know it's pasals to say that. But there's no other way to it. It looks like Sna. It's the consistency. It's Slymey like Sna. You take it delicious. But once you taste it, it's not. We're the rest of it. Oh, Loneo. And they had what they wanted. They called that. The Italians make a version of that too. A custard. It's like Flan. It is Flan. But they got Tadden's called something else. And it was Flan. And it was Slymey. And it tasted like a puk and like Sna. And it's not. 10. 15. 10. 10. 10. While sitting in a car with a flat there, you're off him. And the story, of course, relatives of the young woman Debeded a federal investigation. He's your Miller. 19. In the car, at the gas station parking lot, a gun in her lab. The windows rolled up. And the engine was running. The police said. He didn't respond until officers broccowinder. to get her guns. He grabbed the weapon they said. OK, if that's correct, they said. So how about if I opened up the bag of famous animals? And I just, no why? And I just sniffed it. I mean, sometimes there are things that are really very good and you just want to sniff them. You don't want to put them in your mouth because they might be bad for you. You want to sniff them for you. Well, no, it's like, like, my dog. The big dog is going to be cheaper. If I put like a little something on it, I think that I'm eating for him. He'll eat it and eat it. No questions, that. It's good enough for me. It's good for him. A little dog being a sneaky anti-social little piece of crap in the nature of picture. He will sniff at first to see if it's up to his standards. No, that's right. He will sniff it and I think if I will screw you a little piece of crap, yeah. He's got a sniff at first to see if it's okay. According to his particular taste, bud. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. You're going to cook his away. No, I don't even cook them. I'm sitting here. I don't think my work is on. All right, today, tomorrow's thing. The one thing? The one thing? The mall on the mall, yeah. It's that kid that's like quarterback. See, it wasn't a pottery that was a pastry crew. It was when they were kicking the fruit. They were making it like something to that. And they showed the pastry crew. I thought he was the quarterback. They're just giving him turn the TV on. I thought, oh my god, it's a watch quarterback. And it's going to see if I wasn't out of the wrong. Well, I thought I was going to watch him again. But anyway, for for the show, for for the game, they said, what's that guy? He said about him being born. Yeah. And the mother one. What was he doing? When the baby do it, the black is a born. They wanted to call him. She wanted to say two. But the person who wrote about the birth certificate was the illiterate. So instead of writing, he owed a zero. He's easy. Oh, but what kind of a name would that be anyway? What do you mean? What do you mean the guy writing? And I was illiterate. What was she if he's in the middle of the morning? And I was just said, like, where's Junior? Or more? The second or the third? It's like two more? I've said it's been four more. You know, either way. You tell him about two more. But name, what about Jeff? I mean, you think of a more idiotic named in that? No. Redneckie? Yeah. And Rick and Sird, I listen this morning to the low. Sird, I mean Rick and Sird. Yeah. And we love Rick. What did I get? The stock market? Yeah, he's obsessed with that stock market. I'm here to say, I mean, I have made my dedication. I'm going to promote their whole out of them because I was a good guy. I want to see if they'll get no promotion from clear channel around the verge of getting screwed over badly. But if he doesn't stop the of say, like every two seconds would a guy damn stuff and fair value is this? Oh, nobody cares about that stuff. He's trying to impress us with what a guy damn stock may be. If nobody cares, we don't, when you think of Rick Riley, the last thing in the world you think of is the stock market. Let me tell you his death, Neil. Gilbert. You talk about reaching for a dial. Yeah. Well, Gilbert and then he's got that adequate day, which he had on it for last 10 minutes today. And now, I'm what he's going to do. And I hate to say this because I really want to promote the hell out of them. But now he's going to do a stuttering John rip off and he's going to send Gilbert and this guy out to do the politicians. He's going to do an exact stuttering John rip off. And that's it said. You know, he's an adequate day before Christmas. And I'm on this. Listen to him. Now as far as Cuban food. Yes. I George taking a lot in American. If there's a good as they used to be. And my favorite Cuban food is Cheater Ones. Cheater Ones. Cheater Ones. It's. It just give you a big thumbs up. Now what is that? Fried pork. Is that like tongue out ones? It's fried pork skin. It is unbelievable. He fried pork skin. I mean, it's a chili. If it had a fantastic. Yeah. It is fantastic. Now they removed the smug my first before they put it in the better. And you got one guy said it right. Flim, flim looks like flim. It is. And the black guy that's little bow. Let me tell you something. They don't have room in prison for a pizza crap like that. Yeah. I like that one. Let's stonum to that celebrity city right at noon. They'll pay everybody have a big parade. We'll have a party. They got two of you guys with weed and stuff. And for the night on, they have no room for a guy like that. They're going to say goodbye to little Spole. And you're in prison. They don't have toilet seats. Okay. Later, Neil. Okay. Look, that's little Spole. We don't want Spole gripping to get upset. We don't want her to do nothing to her yet. Okay. We have two open lines. And not until we get up on the third floor and roll out there together. Then we'll probably be a lot of hostility. All of us. Can I have to come first? You're familiar with the area by the Rascal House any more? No. Okay. Because they have this, you know, but there. I don't know. How could they have a, oh, there's curious. You know, they have some casino. I mean, they have a casino. There are no casinos before. I just have that. It says, it says, he has like, big yellow lights. So casino. Yeah. I never bothered to look in with that shirt. But I just need to bother to use them. I don't know if it's like those seminal Indian gaming types things. No, exactly where is this? It's by the Rascal House. I don't know if it's even the Rascal House. Oh, yeah. Right. Right. Right. The Rascal House. Oh, I just have this three and it's just, you know, I don't know what. I'm sure that one of our stooped illegal gamblers up the edge. Yeah. Exactly. Maybe it's maybe that's a hump or no, it's something about it. Also, you know, I just wanted to concur with you about, uh, Nandic? Yeah. Is that? He's great. You really, guys, that could have really pissed me off. I mean, ordinarily, I know these colors. They've pull all kinds of crap. And they try to, you know, create contract controversy. But this asshole calls mad at yesterday, making up stuff that I first of all, the only guy ever called little dog was Joe Rose's the little dog. Not managed. The little poodle, the little dog, whatever you want. Well, you know, Gaptooth, uh, Gaptooth, but, uh, Jim manages a great entertainer. He's hysterical. He had me laugh at being in my pantslap at a couple of lines that came up with yesterday. I'll tell you, even though you, you indeed, he asked to act a fool sometimes, even on that kind of like that apps, apps, man, did throw whatever. Yeah. But, uh, I mean, like you say, the fun. You definitely, definitely a talented guy. Definitely has a good sense of humor about it. Well, oh, right. Well, take it easy, Neil. Okay, pal, thanks to the good news. Okay, he said it's, uh, taste like flam. Okay, if we have anybody who likes flan, and this audience, okay, your taste is in your, Racco, it's all I want to say. It is a tip to get right. It's what? I've had bad plan. It's something to get right. Plan. There's no such thing as right. It's, it believe me, and Italy. I mean, are there any better cooks anywhere in the world in Italy? No. In a very, very fine, it's an arrest on in Bolonia, which is known for their outstanding cuisine. Okay, great meal for dessert. Uh, they had something to add. And again, I wish to have a new, maybe if we had some real attention to their, all of you to eat around the piece. What? Like, my cousin makes it with cream cheese, and it's really firm. There's all these different flan recipes. The problem isn't the filling. You don't understand. It's not to fill in. It's the syrup. It's the syrup, and whatever it is. It's syrup, but it's, but it's, but it's gel syrup, and it's like, it's slimy. And it's like, not. You look at it, and it looks really rich in delicious, and you think it's going to be great, and it's not. So you don't like gel or either? I like gel or, I mean, I get kind of handle it. Like when I was doing the acting, I would think I would do that. No, it's not. It's a gel, it's not. It's pretty. But it's gel is slimy. Unless you blow your nose in, which gel is slimy, but what cream on it is? No, it's not. If you blow whipped cream on it, it's delicious, right? In fact, if you just, you know, scoop the gel out and sort of way, and just pull up the whole thing with whipped cream. That is really good. What's right with that? What is wrong with that? In fact, I could take one of those big containers that were ready with. Some of what you have, like, literally no carbs, by the way, if you look at the labels carefully. And just, I know, I'm the only one in the world grossed it up to admit to you. What is this? Huh? Tip it upside down and just put that little hose on the end. Huh? And if you do it right side up, you get a whip it. Oh, just suck it right on the nozzle. Ever suck it well, the nozzle? Yeah, I'll bet. Level 09 at 5. Quick today, which is worst Gilbert or, what's the letter they call him? I think could I pick up pipes. I'd, in adequate day, who would have, oh, God. But I'm not going to interfere, okay, because it could be worse. It could be, kind of, Mike, blah, blah. Could be them. And, you know, this thought that I was covered with the... Yes! Yes! You tried the breath-pressioning tablets that give you that guy's, uh, rectum and E-flon. Seriously? I mean, that, that's just, you're never going to sell me on that, okay? It's, grow test. I'm not trying it. And it's an indication. I mean, people who eat that and say that they're enjoying it, people are really crappy taste. But anyway, date county lines, you're wide open, speaking of people with really bad taste, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the mobile one line. What are probably still, uh, at that big bash for the jetster, you know? They're, they're wuffin' it up. They're shooting the guns off up in the air, but each other. Here is a mobile and west in, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to, uh, sort of, open, uh, letter as a hockey fan for 30 years, and then, you can take it all the foot of Panthers to, uh, uh, hyzinger and to Vancouver, please take any four players. You know, let's go ahead and do it, send the letter. We have an open line in, uh, Broward and two in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Did the Panthers play a game last night? No. Anything going on with them other than their, like, 10 points behind Caroline? No. No. Okay. When something happens, let us know, okay, sir. In the meantime, go leave school. All right. Unbelievable. Okay, we got 600 open eyes. That even 1130, we're already, like, up against it. They're out of material. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the mobile one line. No wonder Rick and Potter, like, sending guys out and going to Mr. Making calls out. Here's a lady mobile in North Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hey, first time call her Neil. Great. Today I was listening to you talk about the bad service at Windixian Public and I couldn't wait to call, but I couldn't get through Anyway, I have a story about a bad service at birdines. Mine hasn't went last week to pick up a piece of furniture because they were going to charge us like 50 bucks to pick up a little end table. You get there at 830s, a place open at that nine o'clock. Then if I open up, you give us a little receipt to the lady. She gives it to the guy who's supposed to get it. He's waiting, 930 rolls around, 945. Where'd the guy go? He went on break. 9 o'clock in the morning. Yeah. You don't think that's wrong? Meaning what? Why do you know what time he started? Maybe he started at 5 o'clock in the morning. What do you mean do I think it's wrong? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Maybe they were doing each other or something. They must have been doing each other. What does it have to take a lot of breaks? They're out of a lot of stress. Don't you understand? They'd be breaking it. They'd take a burn at you. That's a lot of stress? Yeah. I don't think so. I think at 9 o'clock in the morning, if you show up, you should get what you want. Yeah. And? That's my point. It's a bad service in South Florida. Well, welcome to America. Now, welcome to South Florida. No, welcome to America. So, I'll be in Vegas. It's the same every place. Okay. Anyway, the way you say plan is plan. Plan? You got to get a good movie going. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. Now, see, would you want her coming to your store like an on a clock in the morning and start your day? No, I don't think so. I don't want to hear any more of bitching on it, sure. I want people to be nice like me. We're just because I don't like plan, Mr. Don't stuck give me a look. Okay. It's crap. I could give a crap. You don't have what you think. You don't have what you think. You don't have what you think. You don't have what you think. You don't have what you think. You don't have what you think. It's like, it's like, uh, custard diarrhea is what it's like. It's like a glazed custard diarrhea is flung. Oh, Jesus. That's somebody's idea of a great dessert. Wait, a cap off a great meal. No, maybe. Maybe it has something to do with. What do you mean the idea of it's being so gelatinous like that is where helpful way to speed the digestion and kind of like push it through the system. You know what I'm talking about? I order a nice today's lunch is or a rice pudding. Yeah. Because one thing I've always heard about flung. We have two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty and prime five sixty on the mobile one line. So I've already got we got flung. We got palamino horse meat and then we got I forget what the other one was. Well, Arroz con polio, which is more chicken that they took in the front yard while we're doing their food. I know it's full of stuff that you would have no idea about because you're a person. Here's a lot of day. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I heard you mentioned yesterday in passing and I couldn't get back to you about some radio station that gloves ninety four thermal casting in Palm Beach, yeah. Yeah. I just thought I let you know the background of that and say somebody has told you that you to be an old East station. Yeah. And then they moved the old East station to 105.5 and for two weeks and I'm not kidding you. Two solid weeks they played a promo that lasted maybe 30 seconds with the background of hammers and nails. They were building you and new radio station that you were going to just love. And then you were going to just love ninety four. Exactly. But they're building the station. In other words, they're constructing it from the ground up. And then when they finally put on gloves ninety four, I said, wait a minute. You know, I called them. So how do you how do you construct the, I know you're not building it from the ground up, but you're maybe making a new studio or something. How are you putting this, a promo this idiotic promo on for two solid weeks and then just sign a cast another radio station. Yeah. And they said, well, well, well, I'll let you speak to this guy in this guy in this guy and it was. It was. It just nothing. They said nothing was just. They don't you're missing the point. They don't care. Don't you understand they don't care. They're not interested whether you're like it or not because it's cheap. That's the American. That's the clear channel way. They just open up a pot and they throw something on the air and they do it on five thousand stations at the same time. And their stock keeps going up and up because they keep breaking in the box. They would not any ratings because they own every guy damn station every major market. So what difference is it make they don't care whether you like it or not. I bet why they have to go for two weeks with a hammer and they guys there to be. Why does anybody lie to you? Why when you see the informers on TV that they have some old part tell you you're going to love to be 200 if you get the guy damn juicy machine. You believe him. You believe any of this crap. No, because that there's suck in you when that's why. Right. Oh, it's stuck to me right now. They suck me out. Well, don't get sucked out again and have a great day. We have an open line in the Broward to and date five six seven five six six. Should I open the famous Anderson Stiffett little bit? Come on. Should I just crack? Yeah. I'm going to open it up. What? I'm going to show you what real willpower is all about. In fact, I don't see your willpower. Meaning what does that mean? I'm wearing it over the front of your belt. Now I got plumb cookies. I just, yeah, just, oh, look at that. Okay. See, these don't even. Are these like stale or something? They've been sitting out there for a long time. They've been for a while. Hmm. You haven't bought them in years all that. Famous agents. You're first of all. Let me just tell you something. Okay. Why wouldn't even pick these up if I have. I've had more famous Anas than you can ever shake your flan at. Okay, Mr. In many hotels, in most hotels in this country, by the way, in places where they have like a little mini bar that stock would like beverages a couple of beers, couple of sodas. And then they have candy and stuff. All of them have famous Anas. Just this exactly same package. Identical that I have in my hand right now. Those are pretty crap. So just because you stay in such outstanding places in North Carolina and what a big amount. Ten or whatever the hell it is. And you don't go to hotels because you're a slipper. And you can't afford to stay in a place where they have a mini bar. And they have famous Anas. Don't assume that I haven't had no famous Anas. Has did it to rich crohn, which is Chicago. I've seen lots of Anas okay in my time. And I'll leave it to you. But at any rate. Oh, it does smell good. Doesn't it? Now my convention myself. Pardon crunchy. They were dry. No, they're not their great. Don't try to tell me that these aren't good. I'm not eating them. You see it is open. You're witness it is open. And I actually have my nose. Not close to them. I have my nose on them. I have my nose actually touching the cookie. Oh, and they're like cookie. Like I said, they look pretty good. But that's not. Huh? Yeah, I just decided on them. And now would that discourage me from eating them? No. I'm not going to tell you how I should. My own snob why I should have buy other me, huh? I'm just I'm going to see that was a bad move opening those up. That was a very, very unwise move on my part. But I'm not touching them. Okay, let's move right along. We'll get a lot of help from the audience on this. Right. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Same to you. Listen, those slot machine comment that the man had before. Over by the last school. Yes, it's such a thing. I was there Sunday afternoon. They have about 50 slot machines. The old fresh ones. Yeah. They use tokens. You purchase token, yeah. And whatever you win, you can purchase jewelry. Yeah. Uh-huh. Also, it's just a scam is what you're talking. Of course it is. And then they said, if you want to redeem it for cash, you can go to one of the new cruises that they're going to have. Yeah, there I go. I said, I run those cruise scams deals right. Right. And that's things through. But they are real slot machines. They're going to have a video parker and everything else. Yeah. So with Israel. Okay. Did you say Israel? Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to go to the casino there myself. It's going to be called the fake casino. Have a great day, pal. Thanks for the good news. Okay. See you at the Rappel High. We have date county lines wide open again. All three of them man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one line. They're upset because I ripped the sports. They're a definitely. And I don't really care. I don't know. Why are apologize for that? No way. I'm not going to be. I'm telling you man, around those people up. We got little smoke taking care of. We got him put away. Now let's round those people up because they're dangerous. Those people are dangerous. Not only to us, but to themselves. Here's a Pemba Pines. Hello. Okay. Talking about, I guess, these people, these idiot, how people are like stores and stuff like that? Without, without let you talk about before. How people would stores? No, I hope not. Sores and stores? Yeah. She said she was so about it. That was okay. But you know what? No, you got to love this one. Okay. My mother goes to, before Christmas to buy a bath rose for her mother and her daughter. Yeah. So she goes and she buys them and they pay a full price for them and everything. Goes to take them back yesterday to opt in. Okay. They're on sale for 50% off. But when she bought them, she bought them by one get one free. So pretty much the same as 50%. Yeah, sounds like it's a myth. She goes to retire yesterday. She got in the ladies says, no, you need to bring back both of them. For me to give you back your money. And she said, well, isn't it 50% off? Isn't the same thing? No, it's not the same thing. So you know what she did? She bought another one and she's returning both of them. So she's going to make money on them. She bought another one. You got to buy another one? And she's going to get the other one. What she's going to do is she's going to waste for a good paper. Yeah. You're going to take the receipt since she's going to make money on up because they're a bunch of idiots. Great. Excellent. You know, I take it. She'll shove it up there, but they can shove it up there, but and stuff like that. Exactly. So anyway, you know, I'm a simple fan, you know, kind of sad, but you know, a World Body, you know. You know, life goes on, okay? You know, there's plenty more red necks where he came from. I don't write the earpuff. Get out of here. We have an open line in Broward, all three in date is we're coming to a precious So-ah, here, man. We're going to have to start sending Gilbert out. Let's take a poll on that. Can I have the epics? You got to start writing a Gilbert out. No. Come on. What do you think? Yeah. We're going to send Gilbert out and find people first to talk to because these Colors are revolting him and they're on strike. They'd county all those three lines were back on his dayjacking and I think they're pissed off and They'd cause I'm not planned. Now they're all of a sudden. No, not seriously. They could very uptight about that. They just don't want to admit that they're cuisine sucks, okay? I mean, it could be very nice people and they're not responsible for Early on a gross laden, but nevertheless, and they don't always have a chance to get out of the house. They're going to have to be a little bit more careful. They're going to have to be a little bit more careful. They're going to have to be a little bit more careful. They're going to have to be a little bit more careful. They're going to have to be a little bit more careful. But nevertheless, and they don't all of Jeff Bush do they? They all of Jeff Bush are just most. But I mean, you know, don't take it out on me because you got crappy taste. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and Pomp 5, 60 on a mobile one line. How's that? Tell me no stick, dude. And by the way, I think he was in the fourth race at Pompy in the last night. By the way, fat riches in the hospital is knees all busted up. What the heck? I got too many people in the hospital these days. No, I'm catching the hospital fat riches in the hospital. The way I felt yesterday, I thought my doctor was going to put me in the hospital. He looked at me and said, hey, you're fine. I said, you know what? You're right. I'm out 100% I got a little, a little flush. 11, 20. Don't worry about that. No. Well, first of all, you're cooking. No. I just bought some of this. I've got that for the supermarket. So you have some famous ainas now? Yeah. And I always get one of these little bags. You guys are like the big bags. No, let's take that because the little bags were more expensive than they had it on sale. Yeah, that's a good excuse. Yeah. So it was really an unscathed. That's okay. It comes from Hawaii. And he sold the interest in this company about 10 years ago. He made like large mousse cookie. He had a restaurant on Burra cookie plates on the sunset boulevard. Yeah. And like, now this one is the same anis from anis and Andy was it? No, no, no. What was the anis? Yeah. And so anyway, there's no girl like guys anyway, yeah. Yeah, but the new ones, they're good. They are good. You know, but they're hard and they're small. Yeah. Well, I got something like that. Yeah. I want it. I want it. It is terrible. You're right. Okay. Now it works. Okay. I'm getting my car registered here in Florida. And it's really insane the way they do it here. And I just want to get your opinion on it. Yeah. Okay. You can't get a driver's license. By the way, do you think that guy that caught him in the go should get a dog? Absolutely not. No. And by the way, I'm not still Henry. When I work at our radio network in Los Angeles. Are you sure? Yeah. Oh, yeah. What a guy. Yeah. It's great. Crazy man. When you get your car registered down here, you can't get a driver's license until you get your car a smog or an inspector. You can tell I stick that thing in your right. Exactly. And then you have to call it blackmail. They want the 10 bucks. No. They couldn't care less if you're emitting every kind of pollutants that's ever been invented and somebody ever heard of. As long as you give them the 10 bucks. Here you go. Have an ice day. They're roughly right. They can't get in. In California, what it is, it's a girl charge. You go to a gas station. You don't go to a state inspection. You go to one of a million gas stations that are licensed to. You smog work. What they do is they say I can get your car to half for $50. $60. Right. Because first time it always comes up that you fail. So anyway, you have to go to the registration thing and then you have to go to the tag agency. You know, this is what I need to ask you. Did you get an import of her? 85 minutes past the break. You're one of the point. No, just the thing is that my bank's refusing to send a import of. Because they've never heard of that. I'm just wondering if you knew why they have to ask you. Hey. That's your home. Why didn't you buy? Why didn't you buy? I bought you two a year. My aunt is bought water there. I got it as well. We don't have time to be bothered with whether it's on the earth. We're having a conversation off the earth. That's much more important than it. What is possible? Good. It's great. A little bit distracted. It works for the ocean in the grass. It makes you so low. It works for the ocean in the grass. It works for the ocean in the grass. When the alltom is falls off, it works the ocean in the basket. That it has to hold it on.ullaー sun,ums, fruit, and nutrients in the grass. That's what I hoped they would. You can see the daik abnormal. Darren montón. I owe my TPS it works the lorsen in the basket. How much does it go? It works the lorsen in the basket. I got my skin so beautiful and I got it. I'm a little bit scared. Now I'm a little bit so busy and go back to the back of people, which by the way is one of the reasons why Ken Starr is after Bubba. Because he's the one who big hot shot attorneys for the back of people, besides being a fascist right we Nazi. But besides that how come there's so busy going after the tobacco people? But the sugar people can't do no harm, baby. And I guarantee I said this to my doctor yesterday and he said you are absolutely correct. That more people that he sees and more people at every doctor in this country sees with heart disease and would stroke and with diabetes and every other guy they may not be clogging or you're clogging of the arteries are dying from too much consumption of sugar. I refined carbohydrates then will ever die from smoking all the tobacco products in the world put together and he said that's what he said. That was my doctor who knows his crap. But the government doesn't care about that. Did they care about that? No, they don't. Much of phony bastards. Okay, a bunch of hypocrites is what they are. Probably sitting up there smoking up a storm. Like the doctor, Dom Deloys is on the treadmill and fat. So, and the doctor sitting there popping out and see that's the thing with the right wingers. Like Ken Starr. They have decided just arbitrarily they decided that the public are after the wrong baggage. Okay, forget about those cigarettes, those canches sticks, those are okay, those homosexuals, those are the faggots that we have to like weed out, so to speak. As in when and out weed them out. Not a call or two decades, listen. All right. You asked if anybody has talked to the Colonel. I try to put a deal together with Arnold's handers back in 1965. Yeah. The setup serves for Kentucky Fried Chicken. We came down to the papers and the last minute he changed his mind and we never put the deal together. But he was like, how long the gentleman was he really was? I saw his, they had a life story biography on any a couple of weeks ago. Pretty interesting. And thanks for recalling, I guess that was the end of his story. I, which wasn't pretty interesting. Okay, we have two open lines in Broward, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's homestead, hello. Anya, happy to hear. I got a little information for the guy that was trying to register his vehicle. Yes. What they make you do and they won't want to have two titles for your vehicle and you have to have your vehicle titled in Florida in order to register it Florida. So what they want is his pink slip or title from California and they're going to destroy it and make up a Florida title, charge him a title fee. Right. And then put the bank down as a leanholder and send the new title back to his bank. So just a scam to extract a few more bucks. Sure. And then once he pays it off, they'll release the lean and he'll get his Florida title for his vehicle. Okay, good to shameless requests. Yes sir. Or no, Woody and Memphis. Okay. Thank you. And have a great day and thanks for the info. There you go sir. It's another scam. It's another rip up like the $10 for sticking the pipe in your back going just another Florida scam. Okay, two lines left on the board. Boy, it's going to be a long day today. I thought yesterday went by like Greece Lightning and I thought today was going to go, we were going to Greece it up again too. But after that plan talk, I guess they all went out to get their get their custard and then do a little two open lines in date County. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and palm five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Pompeo. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. I don't but. Okay. Hey listen. My kids are down from Pennsylvania for the Christmas. They listen to you. I love you. They love you. They're doing your savings up there in PA. I'm going to find out where I can get a hold of your tapes so I can send them up north. They absolutely love you. Well you can call center ones you've got left. They have your lotion and emotion thing going up there and the oh and I like it. They probably even want to. One month and a while one of those two. Yeah, I can. Okay, just called five six three thirty six hundred and I'll tell you whatever they got left. Okay. All right. Yeah, have a great show. You know, I'm going to do what all kinds of weird stuff up in Pennsylvania. Which is the way we like it. We have an open line of day to and Howard. So lady mobile and haven't sure. Hello. Hi. Yes man. This is Anna. How are you? Great. I'm looking at it. Right on the edge of a famous Anna suicide. No, I don't want you to do that. God damn audience man. These people are so hard to get. How does anybody make it in this town? That's what I like to know. How does anybody encoding me make it in this town? God are these people tough. Well, you know, I'm a new listener. Well, we've got someone here. Thank God for you sweetheart. You're the only barrier between me and a definite sugar death. Well, listen. I have a question. It's a big question about that. Back it in the loose motion and the basket. Back it in the lotion, y'all. Right. Just because I just thought I was a new band. Right. The Buffalo Phil song. George is a crazy. But I don't understand the correlation. I guess he said that I had to see the movie. But could you play it one more time just so I can really like pay attention to it? And why we're at it? That I played it. What? You mean the whole bit? It works the lotion in the basket. Yeah. But it's all coming back to me. I think I'd watched it out because it was very disturbing. It's a scene I was very disturbing. Anyway. And also, you know that couple of bills on that day's thing on my adult and songs. Yeah. Well, that would be a good one to play too. I think if you did. I played it yesterday. I just got through playing it. Yes, today. But maybe I don't know. And I played it for like two days before the, the boy. Have a nice day sweetheart. Have a nice day. I'm thinking because of the bubble of bills. I'm thinking you're going to play now. Could you play at least the other bubble of bills? No. What? Can I play one? The bubble of the lotion basket. Yes, I will play that. But the song, the bill song. No. No chance. Have a nice year. Get out of here. Boy, boy, she would. I mean, I wanted to request. I want conversation. I want to discuss. I'm going back to the cookies again. Okay. So that wasn't what I was looking for. It's a bunch of people just to fill up the line. She doesn't want to talk to me. She just wants. She wants. If I had free tickets, you would want that too. She wants me to play this. She wants me to play that. She wants me to play. It puts the lotion in the bars. About 400 times that God then bills. The thing again. Yeah, but wait a second. Exactly. I just got to play that like five seconds ago. These people are so one dimensional. I'll tell you one thing. If I would see if you allow the lunatics to run into your silence. It's like the guy that do the sports shows on his sub-original radio station. They let all these gamblers call in and run their shows. It's called the tail and that's the wag the dogs syndrome. They can't talk about what we were bumping into. Bominos, laundry heads over there. It's the wag the tail syndrome man. What is it wag the wag your ass dog, girls syndrome? Letting the inmates run the asylum. If I did that, all we hear. We hear that fit and we did a bridge tender 20 times today. And then we could say, okay, goodbye. Go home. And how do bad idea? God damn bridge tender. I think you ought to be. Here's a mobile in Cooper City. Hello. Oh. Yes sir. Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay. Yeah, we'll talk about the flow. I went to a major South Food restaurant and I sat there waiting on my big Mac. And the guy gave me a change to give me back a Canadian quarter. And normally I wouldn't say anything. I never had a Mac. Now man, it's worth about, let's see. I don't have to. And I worked too much. Right. So he came back and he's waiting on the sandwich. I said, excuse me. Can I get another quarter? He goes, we don't take those. I said, you just gave it to me. You'll have to get a supervisor. The supervisor came over and she goes, what's the problem? He goes, well, he wants a quarter back to this. And then we'll take a little. And then we'll take a little. And then we'll take a little. And then she goes, okay, give him a quarter. How about that two pack from Tennessee, whatever his name is? Two tumories. Yep. What? Okay, and don't take any wooden nickels. Okay, either. Yeah, that Canadian change. I understand. It works the large in the basket. Do you want to come in for consultation? It works the large in the basket. Okay. Do you like to make it a point when you want to call me back? Yeah. It's the large in the basket. I got my skin shooting. It's the large in the basket. No. It works the large in the basket. I understand that. What's your life? It works the large in the basket. What's your life to make it a point? It works the large in the basket. Okay, I will talk to you in the time. It works the large in the basket. Hello? Okay. Am I okay at this point? No. No, I can't handle it. Okay, 1231 at 560WK. Somebody in day to hung up God damn it. Here we go. Cookie time. Firstly, you have to scare these people. You have to blackmail them. You have to threaten them. You have to brow beat them. I mean, this is one hell of a place, man. Firstly, you have to find the first 50 people who are against big English here. Here's Carl Spay out of Spings. Hello? Don't do it, Neil. Okay. I haven't touched them. I haven't touched them. I'm not going to do it with fish food. Yeah, you're right. First stuff isn't worth doing it. Cookie's not worth it. Ice cream. If there was religion based on ice cream, I would be there like this. But I'm in, I'm in withdrawal from that at the moment. For some reason, I've got a temporary control over my fish food craving. Really? Oh, yeah. For many a day there, I was stopping at my mobile station like every day and getting a fish stick on a way home. Just going to hide me over. I haven't found those loose like that. You know, I had planted it in the pints. I can't find it. What do you mean you haven't found those loose? There are other mobile stations up in the ETP. They're in every mobile station in South Florida. It's got the first thing. Yeah. They're not in the regular pints. They're in like they have a separate freezer where they have like all the ice cream, ice cream, large and all kinds. Right. Mobile stations? Every mobile station I stop and it's got a mobile on Flamingo right by 595. They got them all the time. You're in T. I'm going to have to hit one of those. Yeah. And also, public is got them and where they have all the ice cream stuff. You have to look hard because it's in the middle of all the crafter but they're in there. Well, it's probably next to the S.G.R. Go. Yeah, right next to the oysters and clams. Right. You know that's why they call it S.G.R. Go because nobody snows. Oh, Jesus Christ. I can't even imagine trying it. Maybe it's good. Maybe it's delicious. I don't know. I'll let somebody else find out. Do you know what's the favorite of? Do not take those cookies in your car on the way home. No, I'm on. Because if you have to be in that traffic on 441. No, I don't go on the traffic on 441. Is it right over here to the turnpike? I guess you think I'm going to go on his traffic on 441 north of the year? Did you hit South to the turnpike? Well, yeah. And we're right on a corner. I was there in 441. Okay. I was over there. I'm fit to just today and I had a guy went up the county line road. No, don't ever do that until they get the construction finished in about 12 years. I would have done it. If I would have done it, my car would have put it in my mouth. Hey, definitely you can't get there from here. What you've got to do is you've got to make a low go south just to 190 9th on. He'll road and go by trucks, uh, subplaced and stop for a sub and then you go out the past P.D. park where I did the stadium there. Like when you're leaving the ball. I'll put it and that's where you jump on the turnpike. Right. Beautiful. And you'll see my good friend Sylvia there with the right here in the long red fingernails. And now don't eat the cookies. I appreciate you helping on the traffic. Don't eat the cookies. Okay. Okay. Thank you. You're like he cared. He said, don't do it. You're a young man. You got your whole life ahead of you. Take me to the foot of the George Washington Bridge. We have an open line. And of course the irony of that is is William Holden died with the bottle in his sand. Boy, he was a great actor. You know, William Holden. And also come to find out. I saw a movie with him from in the 40s. I remember talking to my mother about this couple years ago. I saw an old old movie. You know, real old ancient black and my movie. He was a real good looking guy when he was young. Go Holden. Did you ever see when he was young? Yes. I mean, I can tell you what right away. Yeah, he was a really very good looking man. Bill Holden. Wait. What? What? That's true. It was not him. Could be. That was in the 50s. That was 54. Some are a 56. He was a young man. And then. Or just asking. How old do you think he was in network? 70s. Real good. No, not 70. 60. Early 60. 63. 64. And guess what? He's good. That's right. He's good. That's right. He's good. He's good. He's good. But you know, something I could understand. All those movie stars I never used to be able to understand with a fame and a celebrity in all their money. They can't go. They can't even go take a leak in a public toilet without being a headmaster. Hold it. Good. I've got to be. You know, after a while, you just become a son or a rod. I can. I can now understand it after that tremendous success we had on. On the way, you know, you can't even take a leak. You can't even go. You can't even go in a goddamn ice cream section and get yourself a little thing of fish food without people. In fact, I'll tell you how bad it's gotten since that TV show. I was sitting on the toilet seat this morning and a little voice came up from the bottom. It said, you are the most unbelievable asshole I've ever seen in my life. Yeah, from way down inside the toilet. Of course, they were looking at my, uh, breakfast at the time. But at any rate. Here's a mirror, Mar. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I always appreciate when you bring up the evil of sugar because I'm a high-pilestemic. Yeah, your high-pilestemic. How low does your blood sugar go before you go into a near-comous thing? You know, I'm going out of weather numbers because I was, I was, I was, I was, I was telling a Where have I been, so I was in a service in Mexico. I've, I've been gave me eight hours glucose tolerance test. Yes. And before that, my life was like a roller coaster. My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my. Up and down. Up and down. Up and down. Lots of energy. I would hand up my tea. Up and down. I was shummaed y'all with Captain Pondrum fruit loops. And I would just go nuts on the water school. That's, that's why all these kids are hyper-ventilating. I'm telling you, everybody laughs to me. They think I'm making it up because they're so overloaded with sugar. And that's why they have to keep me give me that ridlin and all of a Othercraft because it's a sugar shop. Man, I'm a fake, I'm a man of my kids are OD on sugar. That's why they're blowing each other's brains out. It's a basis for many of my problems. Right. They told my parents I need psychological help them blah, blah, blah. And I, well, I really was totally unaware. I really thought I was, I really thought I was mainly unstable until I realized hey, man, my diet is full of sugar and look what was doing to me. Right. And now I'm a grown man with a seven year old my own. And so war with my wife to keep cookies and the little dessert treat any other house because they're telling you right now. Number one thing. Wait a minute, you're telling me that your wife is combating you and Bring it out stuff into the house. That's a fucking bitch. Yeah, right. She has a sweet tooth. My daughter, who has almost no sugar and diet most of the time, went to my wife's niece and some trees for her. I watch her just go bananas and the house. And I say, look, theater, can't you see a difference in her personality? It's like a drug. A drug. A drug. Uh huh. The records, I take it up and down at the same time. I listen to that I have said, you sure you are the most intelligent Call I've ever had in my life bar none. I've been saying for at least five years now on a year and they've never got a response. Sugar is the most addictive, the strongest drug is more than heroin more than anything on a face to the earth and these people all like it. And you want to know why they live because they don't want to believe because they like it because it tastes so goddamn dead. And you hear the goddamn truth because they can't handle it because we're addicted to it. And you know what it does? It changes your personality. You're called in deep psychological instability. Right. Look at me. Look at me. I'm a madman. I'm a lunatic. And you want to know why too much guy damn sugar man. The only remedy is to keep away from you. Keep it all your way. I think these cookies, I just smashed him this method. Thanks to you. How do you like that? I just smashed him up in a little bit. Of course I could look him up now. But I won't. And why do you all trash can? How do you like that? And my life revolves around eating vegetables. And and bravo around with a few vegetables all. No, no. No. No. It's kind of a whole week like I eat lots of canned vegetables. It's a very good for you. But these things I found really statewide. Your blood sugar. And a weird part about the two stage effect. There's immediate effect and there's a long term data effect. Right. Sugar is you know realize. That's right. And your head will clear you say. I hope my doctor is listening to this by the way who ballooned back up again. Just like I did is getting real chunky after I got him to lose all that weight on the Ecken's back. I hope my good friend Dr. Mark was a great guy's listen right now. Because he's starting to balloon back up again. And it's not worth it. And you think a lot of people they get up the sugar initially. And then they say I'm okay. No, and go back home. You like your effect. It's like a no. That's right. You're not saying no. No. Just like if you got really really drunk for seven days straight. It would take you four or five days to straighten your brain off. After words. But they'll hold and look what happened to him. That's right. And sugar to the same thing. Well God bless you, sir. I think you just spurred me on a destroying famous anus. Yeah, one more thing. I have to put it on the house outside the home. But anyway, I haven't called you a long time. I'll give you a give you a clue enough fortune. Okay. Okay. Okay. That must be the guy from Miramar. Is that who that is? Whatever his name is. Good guy though. He's see he finally enough for the sports. We're not talking sports. That's what he meant. But now what a guy damn sports crap. Okay. We got 20 hours of the rest of the day. Hey, you think that office can really read Denver? You think Denver's good about oh Jesus. Come up with something new and different. Like it's brown. You think our model is really to kind of asshole that he portrays himself to be? Oh God. All those Hitler comments. We have an open line in Broward 560, 560, 560, 560, 660. Now I can't threaten him. I got to. I got to the ocean in my basket. How do you like that? Yeah right there. I got the famous anus in the basket. Hmm. Oh, there's still plenty of this. When you call me a man. Oh, there's still plenty of this. When you're crumbling up, it's really easy to like just gum them. I'm getting close to that age all the way. Do I have all of my own teeth? Even my mother. Did we all she's got all alone teeth? Very good. She's 117 years old. She's still has all of her own real teeth. Nice going, ma. 20 before one chronic. I don't have that little boat comes over to your house knocking on the door for the little boat Peep about three o'clock in the morning. Okay. Kind of like shake it up a little bit. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's my me Lake, silo. Hey, New Orleans. Okay. You're just going to hear their antit fill off the sea. We need an exterminator in here. One thing I'll tell you what I'll pay for an exterminator. If I have to pay myself, I'll pay for an exterminator coming to an spray this place. If Greg readers too got the in chief to keep this place sanitary. We don't want this place to be a bucket-fested toilet like over in Sheridan Street. Go ahead sir. Yes, how you doing now? Okay. I want to come in yesterday on a gentleman who called about the hockey. The hockey game that he takes the opportunity to call somebody else to okay because you're chronic. Don't you recognize that voice chronic? Open line and forward all three in day five six seven five sixty, five five sixty on the AT this is a I just give up. I throw my arms up in a year. I'm going to reach in a waste basket and let the crumbs out of there. I'm just going to lick the crumbs right off the bottom of the basket. I'm going to stick my tongue and make a motion in the basket like that. That kind of a motion. Any interest here today five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T wireless line. I'm starting to get my finances acted up again. It's this audience. It's my a South Florida allergies. That's what it is. Dr. Mark should know that as soon as I walked in the door. She just said yeah you look okay right now, but that's because you're out of that building. Maybe it's the bugs. Here's Rob Hombie. Hello. Hi. What over your name is? No. No. I wish George to have a new year and I wish you. We'll quick about that. The dogs. The great house. Yeah. I'm not getting a thousand calls about that. So we have any guy damn animal lovers in this audience. What a bunch of deadheads in this town. So one of this stuff goes on in this state because everybody's busy with their own guy damn crap. That's real shame. But they come around. What a bunch of laggers and slaggers and we got in this place. They bring the dogs around and they're like it's like they're going to spray and they bring them around. They bring your kids whatever they're there. Right. And they bring the dog around you and you can bring the paperwork. They actually sign up to adopt these dogs. They do it right there. It's monthly dog. Yeah. But normally people can adopt the dogs. That's the problem. They reproduce them like rabbits. They turn them out like a puppy factory is what they are. Don't you understand? You see they're all fixed and they're shot and all that. They're what? They're all been taken care of. I'm talking about the ones that they get. Oh yeah. Real shame. Thousands. Listen. They make their money and they dispose of them. That's what they do. Well, listen. I have lovely. Isn't that a wonderful industry, huh? Can I mention something else? Yes, sir. But that's real shame and hopefully more people are saying. I don't know if it's not a real shame. It's a scandal. It is. It is a scandal. It's a disaster. And the people in this state are so God them oblivious to pain, to suffering, to anything They're like in the law, all in. They're just standing out there. I sniffing the guy down my air to see if there's anything in it. You know, we. On another note, I'm on the sugar there. What they say we eat average 120 pounds of sugar and all. That's right. And cause a tooth decay or be sick because you're too high. But you want to stay in a seat in school and all that. So we took it off the colors. The added is. And right. And it's sugar like that. I mean, you see the change. You would not believe a change. I would not only change. You take the colors off those kids and they're out of two changes immediately. They become a total different to breed. It's amazing. Yeah. It's totally amazing. And I'll go around the public now. And I still get the fish. Because it's basically natural and stuff like that. But let me wear that. Well, I love for people they eat. Ben and Jerry's is one of our finest sponsors. What are you saying? Please don't tell me because it's natural. What does that mean? Wow. It's loaded with sugar. It's like injecting sugar in your veins. Right. But I try to stay away from all the chemicals and all that. I mean, I try. I mean, I had to sugar the problem with me. I had a group. Let me tell you. I'm a bad guy. On the way home. Listen, on the way home here. Yeah. My home in West Palm. That's a little farm. I thought the public's been talking about the famous. And I just fought a 12 ounce bag for $199 there. So what are you talking about? You talking about me, damn it. I listen to you. And I got freaking hungry. Okay, I'll never do it again. Will you not do that again? I promise. I promise you I'll throw them out. I can now on the back. Do it. Okay. Kill it for real quick. Yeah. I got to go now. I got to go now. I got to go now. I got to go now. Okay. Anyway. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Okay. This guy's given me a big lecture about his kids and since he took the color out of me, it pails into its significance. And whatever, or what he was, it didn't. I'll make it a lot of sense. And then he goes on and goes off the deep. And because we're weak because we're addicted to it. Why don't you admit it? You crazy people out there. Why don't you at least die admitted it? I'm weak. I'm a fat slob. I'm addicted to this crap. I'm absolutely totally addicted to it. And the goddamn government that's so worried about the tobacco and the kids. And the meantime, there's more kids that you're killing out there. All near little kids. I guarantee those little kids that they're holding up in here. Shake it. I'm like, oh, God damn, uh, a moraca. At the hockey games. I guarantee those kids are so hot up on sugar. They don't know their ass from their echo. And you're like that. As if there's a difference. Okay. Because that's what America's doing to their youth is their killing and with God. Them sugar. Everything that you're sticking them out. And then, of course, they take the kids in the store. And not only are they running to show what they're sporting events. And they're dictating the kind of behavior that's going to go on. They're dictating what mommy's going to buy in the supermarket. I want this mommy. You know, instead of wham in a right in the face and set them flying to the moon like Jackie Gleason would say, I'll buy what's good for you. Okay. And you'll keep your goddamn mouth shut, Junior. Or you'll be in a goddamn pizza oven. So fast you won't know ponytail from your rectum. That's right. That's the way to do with it. Oh, no. We don't want to do that. You never strike your kids. No. Okay. Just keep writing to the supplement. I never do it. So that you really have a lot of credit bill. Yeah, right. Just smack a little, you know. I'm not talking about abusing your children. I'm talking about when the time comes. You show them who's running a goddamn ship instead of being let around by the nose because it's a lot easier and more convenient that way. Because we have a lot of weak people out there reproducing. Anybody can reproduce. Okay. Does it take any great talent to make babies? No. No. No. But to raise them responsibly. And we can't keep shake our energy. We don't understand what isn't going on. Letting a bunch of little kids again. It's the wag the dog thing again all over again. The tail is wagging the goddamn dog. And the kids are wagging the goddamn parents asses. How do you like that? Do you like it? No. I don't. Pain in the asshole. Brats. Here's a mobile and west Palm Beach. Hello. Absolutely correct. I'm so incorrect. I agree. On the money. And he also puts people. How's it working out? Great. Excellent. Thank you so much, man. I'm telling you I've been doing such healthy numbers on Etsy to must be the seat. I'm happy to know that. Just the right elevation. You got it. I have a question for you. You can answer. It's just the right vibration of the seat is the right elevation. That's what Jesse Jackson said. Right. If the sit's at must. Okay. If you fit, you take good. Something around with fits. You were right on the money with Rick and Sud story. Have you heard of him up here a little bit north on the queer channel? Would the Brownhead? No. She insinuated something yesterday about me up here around in a couple of months. Oh, you know, you're not going to get... I can't. I can't find my partner though. You may not be around in a couple of months. Well, what's the big deal with that? No, she didn't come up and say, but I called him after screener. He was like, I, you know, we don't know what's going on. Yeah, yeah. So they shot like that. Then you know what we're doing? We're doing weed weed weed. Right. Yeah. Hey. What kind of thing? We never hear a thing. I like the weed weed. She would never say that. I figured you would hear a first of something that's happened. Have it heard, yeah, well, see, we don't really care that much about what. I hate to break the news to you, but with all the respect, you know, that market is going to be a great deal with that. Yeah, yeah, sure. Yeah, sure. Yeah, sure. We're going to say the other thing. Yeah, yeah. Okay, have a great day, pal. One thing, Neil. One thing. Yes, thank you. Thank you, again, guys. We're on a queer square that. We're queer square dance. Well, the gay square that we're saying queer. I don't know if we're crying out loud. We're a fair fan of queer dance. All right. Hey, hey, hey. Okay. A lot of them got to be loud. Never mind. They got to probably make my choice. Love your seat. Run along to the gay square dance. Got a great fixip for him. The back of my pants. Get off the horse at the old barn door. Got the saddle burn around. I'm riding on the horn. Looking sad folks. Dancing all around. There goes Johnny and his mother's not down. All the men left. All the men right. All the men needs his appeal to bat. Give your partner a silly smart. All going hands for a big circle jerk. Follow them. Here's all right. You're a hand. Who's going to be the next pivot man? In fact, you're a partner. Home for a drink. And lick your lips and give him a weight. But the great fix mile and a great date knock. Let him know your jerseys. He's a clown. Prove 56 to the 560 of WCM. The Nasdaq's up 29 points. Rick and the Dow is. Come on. You jackasses there on CNN. Where's my seat? Searching for a signal. Is it raining outside? How to help him? Wait a minute. One moment please. Two so these five. Oh there it is. Wow. That was up 95 point. So you're going to have to talk about tomorrow. Okay. We have an idea. An idea. We want Rick to keep talking about the stock market. No. I want to know. No. No. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. No. Stop. Stop. Stop. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Anyone unizations people and between for over 25 years now. Nobody anywhere in the world makes a better look and more natural. Which is why even the guys with the biggest bucks in the universe got a Charles Alphayiri because it looks so great. It looks so real. And now he's even even improving his natural hairline system. He's created a lighter more durable, completely natural looking system. Even when you're here is wet. Nobody in the Universe. We be able to tell it's not the real thing. And now for limited time call Charles Alphayiri mentioned in the Aura and you show, they'll have a big smile on their post because they love me and we love them. And Charles will give you a $200 discount on the purchase of that new euhayir system. So forget about that sunny Rosenbrug look and that way in high ping-a-look and God forbid that Bob Eisenbrug look. Oh, God that did rat on your head look. Forget about that and call our good friend Charles Alphayoreen. Start looking like a bench year. I'm late at that out there for the audience the future of AM radio in this market is right in the palm of my hand okay along with the crumbst from the famous aina's cookies which I did not eat and chew in a waste basket. I as soon as that guy called in I smacked those things to smithereens just like I named hercules with a limp race. I just smacked them and heaved them in a waste basket and then George started talking about that flan and I heaved the basket kind of like a mic Disney routine. We have an open line in date 560 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a call in Fort Myers. Hello. Yes sir. Great. Oh, I'm saying they all had a call up my comment about the grey hounds of carnage with the grey hounds. Yes. Just so all bunch of knuckleheads can go and bet on dogs. It does really it incites me to be quite honest with you. Yeah, well nobody over here is a good thing to give a crap about it. Let me ask you know what you look in this go on. How can this slaughter of these defenseless the animals? We are all these people. I mean at least human beings have got some control allegedly over what they're doing so all these feeders huggers out there that are organized and shooting doctors about it. But at the same time dogs that are just you know you're manipulated and used like you said for fun and profit by human being. We just gasped like there were so much yesterday's garbage. Well said so very well said. I think it's a step further. And you know what about what about the thoroughbred industry and their own. Well that's a good point. And then it's a good point. Well it's an excellent and now you're nitpicking. I'm talking about slaughter. They don't. First of all horses don't reproduce like in literally okay. Well it's a good point. But Neil know what's an accurate point. How many times have you seen a horse break down with a broken leg? Well sir how many times have you seen a runner breakdown? And you know how many times do you see a basketball player die in a court? Go back to where you came from. Okay that's probably the Colombian guy. He wants to what he wants to was gasped the Colombians and saved the grey hounds. Maybe he's got a okay we have two open lines in day five six seven, five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line. I mean I may have we live in that kind of a purest world. I'm not looking for perfection sir. I'm looking for a little bit of sanity here. We don't have any goddamn dog and by the way the guy that called me for that jackass about two hours ago. You know what this guy reminds me of. Oh you knew a lot going to Vegas. Can you recommend a good restaurant? Can you recommend a good public restaurant out there? Can you tell me what kind of toilet paper I want to go out there to Vegas? I mean you talk about helpless and hopeless the land of the lost. Yeah we're going to we go to a show you can I recommend him an outstanding uh... what was he talking about a like a place where they have stray dogs or are you a thing? You can't. Not a cannell. Not a cannell. A public where you go in there like the pound shelter. A shelter guy damn it is there an outstanding shelter. Well let's see here's a shelter that's rated very highly. And this guy's going to get a dog. I say stick him into cage and let a dog out. Let's swap one animal in a shelter for one asshole like him. Wouldn't that be great? Then we could go throw him a bone. Yeah here you go get down all four is vital. He will change their names to doggy names. We'll name the dog Charlie. We'll name him fight. Okay? Or maybe he's just he's an asshole. Two overlines in date five six seven oh five sixty. Yeah what kind of dog should I get? How about a one with a tail and an ass? How does that sound for his third? And four legs in a nose and maybe a couple of years. Jesus Christ Almighty. How about a miniature picture sounds perfect for you pal right up here alley guide you deserve each other like a match made in heaven. Here's a lady in Fort Lutterdale hello. Hi there. I wanted to call about the Greyhound comment here. What's wrong with these people for Christ's sake? These phones should be smoking here without rain. These people care about human life, canine life, any guide they might accept their own damn life. If they have one. That's that's that's a true a lot of people. They're they're just not aware of how the Greyhound's are mistreated and they need to do it to be made aware. And then they need to know what to do after they are made aware which has never go to a race track never support those places. They are actually going out of business on their own. There are a lot less than there were before. The Greyhound's young. And they what they've had to do now. That has absolutely nothing to do with what's going on with the dogs. That's because there is too much competition for the dollar and the per mutuals have failed to attract younger people and as a result they are going out of business like crazy. You're right. That's the only thing you can support Christ opening is the simultaneous thing for that they all be closed right now every one of them. But if we if we can reach just three years show the people that perhaps go for the timey cast as well to just completely boycott the Greyhound races all together. I'm looking to start boycott and Greyhound races. I'm trying to get some people to intervene and do something about the breeding that goes on and the destruction of all these goddamn puppies. They're right. When I'm talking about. They're actually isn't organizing. I know I've talked about it a hundred times over the years but nobody gives a crap in his crowd. They don't care. Well there is an organization called Holly dog who is a lot of people. I'm really, they adopt out Greyhound because they rescue. They adopt an out. Yeah. That's right. They do. They send them to Manitoba. No. Actually they're it's in Florida. They don't talk to funny lives. And they do good work. So if anyone would like to adopt a dog they can always contact Holly dog. Holly dogs? That's what they're called Holly dogs. Yeah, they're actually like a dog. I wouldn't think they were in our cave. If it's Holly dog. Well, that's another point that I want to say I enjoy you. So and I am glad that you are in sense because. Listen, I'm going to tell you something. Any person that doesn't love dogs is a piece of crap. I'll tell you that right now. That's not by opinion. That's a fact. Any person that doesn't appreciate and love dogs is a person that shouldn't be breathing and wasting the fresh air. Right. A lot of people actually, they just are not aware of the suffering that goes on. Right. And I'm thinking because people aren't cruel on purpose. They just need to be made aware of how the animals are treated. What do you mean they're not cool on purpose? The people that are doing all of this time. I mean the people that are supporting it. Well, in the way that's got to be stopped. Absolutely. I agree with you wholeheartedly. Okay. That's why that you're saying that. Thanks a lot. Thanks. Bye. See, there's a lady that cares. There's one. Does anybody else out there give a crash? No. No. No. No. No. No. Of course not. There are two busy word about stopping for God damn famous heinous at publics on the way home because there's such weaklings. Thank God for strong people like me. What do you look at? I threw it in the waste basket. I had it. I was not in a sprawling in my eye. I said, here I had the bag open. Okay. I have it here. And for once in my life, I'm not saying very often. Maybe because I had that soup. So thank God again. Thanks Brad over there at Tony's. For you'll meet him in a strong name. And then not only that. But what's actually better? See, the point is what's the point? What's the point? What's the point of my sitting here and preaching in pontificating? Because these people, it's like try to get a response. I've got the moron. And I'm not going to get a response. It's like going out and getting drunk. It's like when you're in college and you drink 25 gallons of beer. Okay. And at the time, hey, it's out of your feeling. Oh, pain. And you wake up in the morning and why do you are doing it? You know that the next morning, you're going to wake up in a sea of puke. And you're going to have a bad headache in the hangover. And you're going to feel like death boiled over for hours or maybe even a whole day or two. And you still do it. And like me when you're diabetic and you know you go to the home and you wake up your pide of fish food and you go home and you put it in the microwave for 37 seconds. And you sit there and you just shovel it down your post. And oh, God, it tastes good. And you have that temporary euphoria. And then your blood sugar goes skyrocketing up and you can barely move like you're all your body like you're frozen like a clock at the macarina like you're suspended in time and space. Even on ahead of time. And the only reason you do it is to be that you're not done is. Open line in Broward 2 and day 560, 560, pump 560 on the mobile one line. Praching to the preaching of the masses out there. They don't want to hear because they like it. It's good. We want to hear you talk about food again. Come on. No, about that banana split. About the arrepa. About that flan with that slimy sugar coated crap on the bottom. Hey, if you're 15 at 560, so how that 13 year old kid that turned out it was built cause of these good. Not butter. Is that the deal? I mean, it's, you know, where the hell does it stop already? What are we going to do about that, that's your act of something in the internet? What else is name again? The Jack-Hands Report. The judge. Oh, the judge. Oh, I see. I've tried to block it out of my mind. The other drug report. I mean, enough is enough already. Okay. Stick this a car in your rectum at baby in your backpack and cut the crap already. Anyway, here's my test results from yesterday. Most of them from Dr. Mark. Still alive. No symptoms of inflammation. No infection. No this. No that. But a bit. But a book. But about cetera. And so on. What about that cholesterol? Neol. A little bit high. 214. 100. 100. We two 14. Not that great. LDL 148 should be under 130 HDL 42, but it should be a lot higher than that like all the way up to 150. Not that great. Blood glucose 118. Not bad. Not too bad. Anything else on every significant? Now, let's see. You're potassium. What is that? Everything looks open. It is a mess. Okay. Thank you very much. What is that saying? Ragging me on the ear again. No, I was. Did I rag on him on the ear? Did you see this note? What did I just get you? I think he's done. Oh, about being fat. Well, that's not ragging. I knew that's trying to save your life. Like I did a couple of years ago. When I inspired you to get back on the Atkins 4 or 5 years ago. And you lost all that weight and you looked so great. And yesterday, you admittedly were Puggie again, Dr. Mark. And you were a great guy in a tremendous doctor and a superhuman being. And I don't want you to croak on me until I'm ready to go out of town. And after that, well, now he's a good guy. Now, here's what's all this other stuff. How about that white count? Why don't you see that white blood cell count? Where is it? Where the hell is it on here already? Doc? Oh, here it is. 9.1. That's normal. So if I had like some raging infection, if my body was fighting, you know what I'm saying? I got a little tiny touch of the intestinal something here. And already I'm starting to get a hypocondriac attitude again. And I was when I had that pilldoctor of him. And is really pilldoctor syndrome? He was a real beauty. Oh, you got a cold. Oh, the chicken EKG. Oh, you got a hand mail EKG. Oh, hey. Just happens to be a cardiologist, by the way. Oh, here's a call in the Grove, no less hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? A couple things. First of all, I think one of the reasons you get a lot of cracks. This is one of the first couple times I've caused because it's like I've been on hopefully like 20 minutes. Fortunately, I had a long run. I'm going to have a couple of minutes in 28 seconds. All right. So fortunately, I had a long drive from Hollywood to a coconut and grove. But that's why you get a lot of cracks. Unless you're in the car. No, but you're going to wait for a minute. From us there. Sure. Sure there. In any event, I think it most of the people who's down are got a life. No. I think I know that else going on. Well, anyway, how are these things? I called one that last week kind of stole my funder. My parents actually adopted some polydogs. They're great dogs. Right. And they really, they really do. They have pumps sitting down. You have bottom little foam things. So they can lie down on the, because they can't lie down on pile. Other than that, they really are. They can't lie down on tile. Yeah. They're very, they can't sit down. They have to like, it's very hard for them. Like when they're on tile, you know, they're not. They slip in slide. It's not a different slide. It's just a way they're constructed or perhaps because they've been racing their whole lives. I don't know exactly why. But you need to buy them a little foam rubber thing that they can flee. So they can hang their retomb on it. I guess so. A couple of the last ones. Most of our audience who got a foam rubber thing with they've been sitting on. Another thing also is that I was looking for about coming up with a foreign. I still haven't figured out your points on sugar because even though sugar may cause a lot of problems, it's not the same as smoking, which extends people while you're doing it. I mean, as you eat a lot of sugar and you want to go crazy that's your own prerogative, but if you want to smoke, you know, in a public place and somebody else can get cancer. So that's the reason why there's so much concern over there. But back to what the big to do with the tobacco industry isn't just about smoking in a public place. It's about, you know, encouraging teenagers to smoke and about two in the tobacco companies. And like this is the most evil thing that came down to pike. And I'm not suggesting that smoking cigarettes is good for it. It has to be an idiot to say that. Of course it causes cancer and kills people. But I personally don't believe there's any comparison between the amount of illness and the number of deaths with the tobacco between your chicken gum and the. And the truth is the garden. It's a nice hole in there. You know, really that because of the concern either because people don't smoke it. People don't inhale cigars number one and number two unless they're an idiot. They don't change smoke and like a cigarettes. So it's a different ball game. All right. So the point is I think the cigarettes is an attack because not only is cancer, so that's a great thing to, you know, to jump on to, but it also annoys people. Yeah. But those two commonly ask you. There aren't you annoyed when you see a big, a bunch of big fat, tubby people walk it like a shopping mall. I'm not talking like me. You know, I'm talking big fat, three-fogged palm people. Isn't that annoying? Why isn't it annoying? It's not, it's not, it's not, it's not, it's not, it's not, it's not, well, maybe it has it is your mental health. It's a, it's a, it's a, a, a feather, please, please. Well, you guys, I have my friends in the grove. All right. You won't take long. Okay. We have an open line in the day five, six, seven, five, sixty pound the hit me in the grove. I really haven't figured out why. I probably they're hanging out with Jack Campbell's house, you know, doing all those body builders. Yes. So I'm looking at my blood test results here in a local. Okay. Nice going there, Dr. Mark, and I was not racking on you one year. I talked to everybody about what a great doctor you are. I'll tell you, you got a good doctor. You hang on to him for, like, you know, I'm saying real strong. Don't let him go. Don't let him get away. Because finding a good doctor, especially in this town, we have all these quacks that prey on old people and desperate stupid old people. That's what Florida's all about. It's about quacks that prey on the desperate, the old, the stupid, the superstitious, the illegal aliens, combination of all of you about. Anybody want to buy a copper bracelet? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Any other? You have a lot of magnets for your feet, yes sir. Hey, I wanted to call it just thank you very much for talking about the flight of these gray homes. One of the things that I recently learned in my life and I have tried to do our best is that talking to Campbell and Kimberly Clark torture millions of dogs and cats every year just to test their products. Every time you brush your teeth with crass, every time you wipe your crass, when you brush your teeth with crass, yeah, with crass, you have to wipe your butt with shone and every time you blow your nose with clean it, every time you wash your nose, every time you wash your with cleanaxial, basically you're supporting companies that are torturing animals. Really? Because they do an animal research? They take care of their products for animals. They're going to be okay. Well, that's a little more important. So I'm not talking about that. See, I knew if I brought this up. Now I don't agree with him, okay? Animal research depends on what we're talking about. But if he gets off of what tangent, now we're going to get all the three huggers in the animal, they hysterical people and oh my god, they're, you know, those poor little mice and those rodents, and I'll cut the crap with this already. I mean, what you stand there? That's one of the reasons that this doesn't get anywhere is because you got the people I came that are often such a wild jag on this thing and he wants me to jump out of bed and I like Mr. Wiffel, okay? If I want to wipe my echo, it's Charmin, I'll do it, okay? In fact, if they want to experiment, I got a great little dog. It'd be a dynamite for their experiments. Oh, oh god. How about sticking a foot up in your echo? Might the changes out to do that? Man, just a tiny, teeny bit. I'm talking about the one thing here. I don't want to get into a whole jewel-given thing and start chewing on tree bark, okay? And I don't care what anybody says. I know the other guy from the Grove, he's a good guy and he made a good point about to the back of, but God damn it, sugar is killing us, man. And nobody is talking about it. You're a government that's so worried about the president in a few blow jobs. You're a government up there. They do in a goddamn thing about it. If I take a look at that, take a look at that Gerald Nadler there from New York that congressman, would I? It looks like something from a side show. You know, those things where you put your head through it and they, they super, we put your head up. That's what he looks like. It looks like there's a funny head on a different body that Nadler guy. He's got fat in places into legal in most states. He's lucky if they don't let him out on New York. They throw his ass into a who's go. Whatever that is. And they're standing up there pontificating. Oh, did she stick it in here or what kind of cigar was it? And was it moist? Was it, yeah, gook hairs. They're killing us with their sugar and the low fat lie. They're killing you people by the million and you're sucking up. Oh, I love those snack well. They're delicious. Yeah, well, why not forget about the snack well. You want delicious. Go on. Get a goddamn bananas, but okay. This bull crap about fat kills. Oh, let's go. It liked that spot for Burger King about how many fewer grams of fat. It's got teeth. Those crappy sub sandwiches. I'm not going to mention the name of the place. You know what I'm talking about? Have you seen those spots? Oh, well, the wopper has got so many grams of fat. Fat doesn't kill. Reefine, carbohydrates, killed people. Okay. Every goddamn day, dietary fat doesn't make you fat. It's a lie. It's a goddamn fucking lie. Okay. So if you want each snack well because they taste good, taste a lute. Okay. Go have a good time. But if you want to eat them because they're low in fat and you're not going to get any of it. You're getting fat or in bigger just like I am like a big, total large with the lies of American Commerce that's only interested in making a fast buck with all their shelf life, oriental life oriented chemical laden crap that they keep peddling us people. And is there anybody in Congress that's got the balls to take them on? No. Absolutely not. They're all up there to a contest to see who's bigger. Ted Kennedy or Gerald Nadler, okay? Poor Ted Kennedy. He's another one. He's like a phony head on this huge, you know, but he doesn't. He doesn't have plenty of chin. He doesn't have any chin. Because there's no room for a chin because his perfect comes up to his chin. Twenty six after one. In fact, if he would have had that body back poor watcher name would still be alive there. Mary Jane, compact me, she'd still be alive because he would at least he wouldn't have been able to even if it was drunk. He's had would have been straight ahead. He couldn't have moved it. He would have stayed on the road. There are chap of Quiddick. If he would have been that fat back then. Twenty seven after one at five, 60, W. I mean, the test results for me here law look great. I mean, while I feel flushed. Maybe because I'm getting all worked up to our friends here because I'm trying to make a little bit of God damn sense in another wise mediocre crappy medium where people come on here and keep reading the God damn stock numbers off the TV. Any asshole can do that, Rick. Oh. No, seriously. Why does he do that? Why is he what we're going to that come from? He never used to do that back when they were like almost listenable. He never used to do that. He got some money. Well, you know, something fine. God, I hope you make millions, okay? Maybe you'll share it with me, but I doubt it. I hope you make a live with you. Nothing but the best, but we don't want to hear about it. I want to get a great card, a great value, then go to... Where you guys stop at Fort Graveel, 560 Q.8L. Neil? God. He served the search warrant, I mean, which allowed them to view and photograph my body including my penis. My buttocks, my Lord, forza, a thigh, and any other error that they wanted to. Oh, they were young and didn't know. When I touched the bed that I couldn't make it grow. He did. Oh, man, this is really a bummer. All I did was get myself a bummer. We've made. We got nothing. We got nothing. These charges they have really made. I've never seen my colleague all kinds ofiness. Hillary is real if you're in the head. At least the things I've been for you, man. Or babe. We got nothing. We got nothing. I had flowers. There's a grove. Hey, McColley. You dropped the silk. Day after day. The charges they grow. That in a parking lot. I got the ratio. Just let me sleep with one more kid. I found this not to repeat what I did. I've been a deep mess, but what the hell is this? At least nobody out there thinks I'm gay. Or babe. We got nothing. We got nothing. We got nothing. We got nothing. We got nothing. We got nothing. We got nothing. One more place. How are you, Dr. Lucidies? I just dropped all this crap on the floor. Looking for something back there. Talk about short of breath and fat not a shave. We're going to wet this. That's our resolution for the revolution. We're going to wet ourselves back in the shape of this. Let's just talk about it. Let's talk about it over a nice banana split. So anyway, somebody passes me the papers. Your Hollywood's going to be a hundred dollars. And then the man is back to me. I don't care. And neither does anybody else. Well, I want to thank you for speaking through. And I also want to talk about food. I just think to remind you that. Oh, yeah, Paul. You look wrong. That's true. And why should I tell you? Like, I said, a couple of years ago. Well, yeah, he doesn't listen anyway. Why don't you have a thing? I don't have a thing anyway, yeah. Yeah. Hey, by the way, there's a hundred for 20 minutes. I got a chance for growth in my head now. It's by the heart rate. Thank you, please. You're welcome. I'll be the one to my thoughts. I'll thank you to Bill. Okay. I'll thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'll thank you. How about my creating and then my bond, huh? My B.U.N. What is that, by the way? What does that mean? I don't know. But you always see it. Don't you get the ever have your blood tested? Not in years. Well, what kind of a spick are you anywhere you will more on? I'm a healthy spick. Oh, yeah. You're real healthy. You're sick like constantly. That is so untrue. It didn't know it's not untrue. You're not sick as much as the other state. And we have to go to see the other. We're going to see the other. Yeah. Yeah. By the way, we got to sue there as, you know, I think that we're aging much more rapidly. And I think we ought to sue Cox broadcasting just for the hell of it. Just to join in Brian Cox there. Okay. Everybody else who with them. Why not? Of course, over here, we're busy suing somebody else. But by the way, we're not discussing that on this show. I just mentioned that since it's in the papers. And if we had any calls about that, even one? You're not good because we're not discussing it. But of course, Boos is going to be talking baseball. Man, you talk about a guy with the orange hair being a real delicate position. Here's a naples, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Give the tamarbacauce. Man. Meaning what? Who cares if they get killed? Go. Great house. Wow. What about you? What do you care about? I don't care about that. We have a restaurant like it. Okay. Well, look, I hope you have a good time here in a perfect place. We got another call on you. Hello. Hey, Neil. Would that want to take a picture? I don't know. But, uh. It's not like a real asshole to me. It's a basketball. Uh, I did call the find out. What? What do we call for? I want to show her this stuff. What? What does that mean? What do you mean? What are we? Obviously you're not. If you don't find yourself in a really deaf and fine, what's how to do it? I'll be in the flowers for one second. Good question. I'm listening. What is the problem? So great stuff is getting up to the morning. Going and doing all the crap we do every day. What? No. Why bother keeping things going for that? I'm so nervous. In other words, you're like the last guy. You don't care about dogs or yourself. Going to the way. Here's another one for you. When you get to a sent you a present a little late for Christmas. That's for New Year's. Okay. Well, there you go. There's two great winners. Back to back in Naples. That's the first time in history of the show. We ever had two calls from Naples. We killed two turd. One for it. Okay. I bet you're all inspected. We proud of that. Just on his ugly post on there. A little one. See it in. Yeah. He's still looking for the bull on that structure. Oh, here's Dr. Moll. Here's what's back in the turret. You love to miss Frazier on yours. You cherished him as Frazier on Frazier. Now 17 times any winning and 38 times Betty Fort residing Kelsey Grammer is delving into uncharted territory with Kelsey Grammer sings very white. If you don't mind my saying so, I feel that your love far exceeds that which I can get enough of. Or so it's not to conclude by possibly the preposition as it were. Follow your love. I cannot get enough. Not since William Shenderson, Lucien is guy with diamonds and pet booms tooty fruity. As there have been such a turret juxtaposition of a Anglo-oriented song stylist interpreting otherwise enjoyable, so full melodic renderings. Pardon me, ma'am, but when would be a convenient time for you and I so get it on? Oh, yeah. My mojo is working. Please die, I think it is. Plus if you act now, we'll throw in at some additional charge. A free bonus track, a Mr. Grammer's stirring rendition of Ice Cays, Shad. What would you happen to be pretty to the knowledge of who that African-American tech deb is or whom many of the young ladies have? Emmer's feelings. Oh, yes. Your done. Tootene. So, get Kelsey Grammer's things very white. He makes very white, very white. Oh, I really got my hookah who's working now. Mama, watch me work. 146 at 56WCM. When you can go to home states as on facts, you're creating and bun our kidney function test, usually elevated and severe diabetes. Oh, hey. Look at that. My bun is beautiful. Normal is 0.5 to 1.5 minus 1.1. Better than a stock market numbers, Rick. My creatine, which means you're a creatine, if you got a 2-high of a number. Normal is, oh, that's no, I got a backwards. Bun normal is 9 to 27 minus 14. White smack dab in the middle. Stuck in the middle with you. Almost every one of these things. Stuck in the middle. Most of them are a little bit high. You don't want to know why, don't you? Well, you already know why. The cholesterol is high. Too much. That's right. Too much sugar, baby. Cholesterol is even with a medication. They're even with that protocol. It's 214. And the LDL, the bad cholesterol, should be under 130. It's 148. That means better cut the cramps sweetheart. And the HDL, which is like, well, not in my exercise. Better get on that guy named beautiful exercise, like the George Barrier for birthday. You've been on it lately? Well, I haven't been feeling, you know. What? Cut it. How do you feel like? Now, when you have this little, one thing, we have a warm spot. Here's a hell of a deal, hello. Hey, if a crit, your golden retriever is he done? Yeah, blow it out your ass, okay? If a crit, you're a blow out your big, big fat, rectum. Okay. Go talk to Sunny Rose and Bergo. Give a big kiss for us, okay? Right on his bald spot. Two open lines in Dave 560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. You wouldn't know my golden retriever from your echo. By the way, he's 10 times the creature that you'll ever be. Here's a lady in Del Rey, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. I need his carol, what am I with? Great, now, fits in America. Yeah. Franny, what else? We do get the lily. Which is probably why they're there, yes. We do get selected. You know who those people probably were. They were probably from the, don't they have a dog track over their Naples? Yes, they do. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. It's 100. I'm attracted. Below you, you would have told me you were to prove all those are right. Okay. Great. What's obvious you don't, that's why we're talking about it. We have an open line in Broward to and Dave, but for a lot of deal. Hello. Yes, sir. I knew this is Brent from, for a lot of deal. I wanted to ask you where you got your information on the, uh, uh, uh, uh, the sugar and the passing. What do we, where did I get my information? What was that, man? Well, I was just asking where you got your information because, What information are you talking about about the low-fat thing being a fraud? What I'm saying is that, no, no, let me sit again. What information, yeah, yeah, let's have a conversation, see, because it's a bunch of nine seconds. You said I'd like to know where you got your information. I'm saying what information specifically. What are you talking about? Okay. Well, your thing sugar is, is, is the worst thing. It's worse than, uh, uh, like fat. And dietary fatty. I didn't absolutely. I mean, I can die. I'm a doctor. But he didn't. They wrote the best book on diabetes. I read dozens of books and they all say the same thing. And my doctoral tell you the same thing. Okay. Uh, well, I mean, any of that I've ever read. Dietary fat alone does not make you fat. There is absolutely no way in the world that dietary fat makes you fat. Well, it's combined with a lot of refined carbohydrates. Okay. Uh, there's, in my hands that I have. And I've got a lot of carbohydrates on the side, uh, and I tried also, and I didn't play on. I will, I will say that I didn't play on the egg. And why is that? Even though you read that fat because you cut down the sugar. Because you know, we either dietary fat, like a lot of red meat. Sure. Yeah. And you still lost weight. Well, how is that possible if you don't believe what you just got. You're arguing with me. No, but, but, but, but, let's think you for a second. Um, the thing is that, uh, yeah. Yeah. I did try a diet that eventually caught out the fat. But the sugar, you could fill it with sugar. And frankly, I think I, I do with these good, it keeps it laid off. Yeah. Because like you said earlier, you put a boom back up. You got off the egg inside. You went back up. Um, and it was much easier to maintain. This was a little, this is. This was a little, this is. So fat diet, I've tried. You can't go out and eat, you know, it's kind of sugar. But it is basically what you're looking at is just cutting out the fat and not the, you know, you know, concentrating on the refined sugar. I'll be at I agree. I think in our study in particular, we wait too much to refine sugar. But I think that we're fine. But here by. Hi, we find carbohydrates. I know this is boring as hell to the audience. We find carbohydrates. Pasta. Rice. Any we find carbohydrates. They, uh, that your body turns them into sugar almost immediately. And that's why you're fat. Not just sure itself, but refined carbohydrates of what sugar is one. Right. Right. Let me ask you this. Let me ask you this. Yeah. Sugar a natural product that exists in the refined form anywhere in nature. Uh, as the refined form. No. Does it exist in that you know, but it does. It proves vegetables and, you know, a lot of things that we, that are good for you and many other ways. No. You know, I must have diabetic. Do you know anything about diabetes? Uh, yeah, my grandmother was diabetic. Yeah. Do you know anything about it? Um, I would say a little. Are you aware that fruit sugar is just equally as bad as we find sugar for most diabetics, including myself? Are you aware that? I, that's why I'm the one that you like. Huh? I mean, you need sugar as well as the diabetic. The main pain you're. You know what you know, I do not. You do that. No, it's sugar doesn't maintain. Sir, you know, nothing. You have no con. What am I talking to this man for? Am I some kind of an idiot? Yeah. Here's a man. Well, his grandmother had this and he, he was on a diet for a little while and he's asking me where I got my information. From reading, from reading from people I've done research for reading about studies, from reading about people. I don't know what they're talking about. That from just some guy that calls and gives me a saw to dance and refuse to have a court conversation. Does he know anything about diabetes? No. No. You don't need sugar. Sir, wrong. Zero. None. Not a. You need fruit. Wrong. None. He's a doctor of the diabetes solution by Dr. Richard Burns, you know, okay, a man who treated his own diabetes and became as an adult studied become a medical doctor, which he did. And it's probably one of the foremost authorities in the world on diabetes and those what he's talking about and the diet he recommends is almost identical to the Atkins diet. How do you like that, sir? He says he has eaten a piece of fruit in 20 years and his health is perfect and his blood sugar is perfect and he's no longer taking medication and he's no longer got diabetes. Or at least his blood sugar is normal as long as he eats the way he's eating. How do you like that? What a shock to you, sir. But you keep eating the snack wells. You keep eating the low fat. You keep getting sucked in with a bowl of crap as an excuse to keep eating all the sugar because it tastes good because we're addicted to it. I'm honest, you're full of crap. That's the difference. I'm fat, but I'm honest, in fact, you're just full of crap. 153 at 5. 60 WQM. Tila Lucky. Hollywood Seminole Gaming is given way more than a billion dollars since the open 20 years ago. And you could be the next big winner. Hollywood Seminole Gaming is got all the exciting poker games that have ever been invented. Don't know how high low 7 card stud. Texas Holden for daily sessions of ice takes bingo. Single winners of one as much as $215,000 weekly poker tournaments and daily mini tournaments keep the action going all the time. Play Hollywood Seminole Gaming's 550 Gaming Machines, which jackpot starting at 3.89 grand. Or if you like it, quick, hardened fast, baby. Play the fast action of lightning bingo. Or 14 can be made in just seconds. Or the spend to win game for your chance to win spectacular prizes and cash. There's lots of waiting to be one on Hollywood Seminole Gaming just minutes west of 95 on the corner of 441 in Sterley Road open every day of your life virtually. 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Black I said every day of your virtual life. Pons of P parking in Valley Park and waiting for you too. If you're feeling lucky, here be the place any time you're in the mood. It's Hollywood Seminole Gaming. This is 560 UAM. Get for you. I'm so proud. Well, he's a dollar has he not seen? Oh, who got the money from his daddy? Oh, and in nice day, my little fratty. Oh, with an agenda that's fratty. Oh, well he's a dollar has he not seen? Double they're fillet. Well he's a present in Charles Sun. Who doesn't have to run? No one else is going to win. He might as well just move right in. She can't. She can't. She can't. She can't. He has a golden spoon. He was born with something that's so lookout on you too. Oh, and ready for the death. He's a dollar has he not seen? Oh, he'll give our civil rights to WAMP. Oh, why's he's a dollar has he not seen? Double they're fillet. Well he's a very wealthy dude with very precious youth. Who never pays his dues? By the exterior will all be screwed. She can't. She can't. She can't. She can't. She can't. And he's fucked with wind that rain. Against buddy, but hey, why do you think they call it gullible? Material and he writes he's a dollar has he not seen? Oh, he'll make the cake he can't have seen? Oh, he's a dollar has he not seen? Double they're fillet. Come on, let's do step. Come on, let's go. Here's a lady mobile and western hello. Hello. Yes, man. I got a talk to after kids were coming out of school. Okay. I claim the same self-deltaal cone's neighbor who was loved gray house because the art leaves him present every day. She likes his lawn. Well, I wanted to help people. Yeah. As long as you're promoting gray house, just want to let you know they are great pets. The day they came home from or they come home from the kennel with you. They're already housebroken. Yeah. They don't take up much room. They like one little corner to sleep in. They're great pets. And if anybody has the opportunity, they should absolutely go out and adopt them. Okay. They really should. So there's my two cents. Thanks. Bye. Yeah, but over if you're over in Naples by the way, if you're one of those dog racing people or whoever that asshole was over there in Naples, you know, you're not pulling a wily over our eyes. Okay. You jackass, you scumbag, you slime ball, you low life piece of garbage from beneath the bottom of the human food chain. Man. What a piece of scum. Yeah. I tell you one thing. Fort Myers wants it a while. We get like a living and reading person over there. And almost to the rest of our car ring in the closet. And they, you know, if we had a voice reader, we get a lot of calls from over there. If we had a phone line number one for them, which would teach you to do. And number two, if we had a voice reader, because most of the people who listen to what they are like in the closet. That's right. They don't want to be identified with listening to the show because they don't definitely go to Lake of Fire and burn in hell and jab bush around them up like any minute now. It's a official baby. She be the man. He'd be the fewer now. Let's not make a big fear about it. Okay. Anyway, Richard Bernstein, diabetes solution. That's the book you ought to be going out and buying. Wait, is that what I told you? I give you right in the book. I ought to be going out. It's in hard cover. It's an audio bookstores. I bet especially like Type II because Type 1 is a different much harder. But if you type II that I bet it's like most of his fat old middle age assholes, you better read the God damn book. Okay. And this guy that's telling us, oh, you got to have sugar. And saying him out with Gilbert and dubious Dave there tomorrow, whatever on the Rick and Spud Show. Okay. Dubious Jackass. Okay. Hank Goldberg's coming up next to a clock. We got the Booster dubious Booster with dubious baseball talking six o'clock from Shula 6.830. 830 night. We got the dubious Panthers.