That bitch you played yesterday. We won. This is not Peter King. This is Steven King. You don't scare me. Oh god. That was funny. There's going to be a moral service for Chuck Zink. When Monday, let's see. Next Monday, Monday to 16th. The guards Memorial Park on your motto and military trail in Bokeh. I don't have the time though. Thanks to Joyce Kaufman for passing that long, but I don't know what time it is. That's Monday. Okay, because I've talked to Arthur Hurts from Romaco last week about maybe having one day. Oh my god. Well, that's the, he was the, I know, but the boy. An answer got in the memories, huh? And, you know, I know she and Chuck were all friends. I said, we should do something in Dave County. And so I think they're working on the, on the Wilson Museum as a possibility, where they will at our Kyvel stuff. Mm-hmm. So there might be something here too. I'll be damned. No. So anyway. Yes, things are looking up, baby, for the new year. As a Cub Span, we've been released from the Greg Reed-Ragee man from the fear and loading in Miami. We got a new regime and everything is really looking good. Before you get to that, yes. I'm hopeful, as I'm sure you are that Andre Dawson gets good news from Hall of Fame today. Oh yeah. To Saf the noon is when they will release the votes. And you were a Cub fan for a long time when Andre Dawson. I am on the Wilson of the Chicago Cubs. And this is the Neil Rogers one to two hour gocubs. Oh, you're all right. I like that. I like that a lot. Yeah. Yeah, the Hawke was one of my favorites. He was great. He should get in. Absolutely. You couldn't mean more for the years in Montreal, but also with the Cubs. He had a lot of big years. He was great. Yep. Great arm. Good run. Good guy. So that like company has didn't like him too well. What was that thing he had with his neighbor about his satellite. Does remember that big flaky hand? I don't remember that. Flack. Flack jacket. Yeah, there was some little. There's always something in the as neighbor starting a bunch of cramp. Not where I live. Good luck Hawk. No, well, you're probably staying anonymous. You stand with the radar except for the little dog that people down the hall have. Yeah, me. And you start see if thing and you're happy. Yep, and the happen well there's a way to solve that. Yeah, although there's this new dog food that was on. Do you see that story? That's really sad. I had more of a dry, you know, the duck flutty drop kick. You're bad. I could just see that little dog. You know, as he sales through the uprights. Yeah, go ahead and buy him some. What's this diamond pet food? You see that pets are dying like crazy from this. But anyway, it's sad being the dog level that I'm not. I'm not going to take no joy and see in dogs. I work at that not the owners would have died. We've been all right. Yeah. Maybe that's what you should do. Probably not the little dogs fall. Just go after the owner. You can't go off of the camera fuse. So speaking of that, evidently the Marlins can't make anybody know for the camera fuse. Because no matter where they go, they get the same response. Oh, well, we're sure glad to meet you. But no way. Yeah. I can't even give any public money. First of all, San Antonio, now was Portland, Oregon. By the way, Portland, the mayor has been saying that right along. Right. Because I don't want to see Portland taking out any mortgage in our children's future. I haven't seen any plan that allows for baseball to work here. And the meantime, I mean, talk about a threat to leave. The Marlins say they'll play a dolphin stadium at least two, but no more than five more. Well, Lisa, up to five now. Yeah. No more than five more. You know, you must have stayed in 20 years where I had it here. Yeah. That is, and Sanchez is we're exploring all possibilities. I never thought it would come to this. Boy, pretty sad. I would say. Hmm. Especially with a guy left for a ball club, pretty sad too. Well, that's the other thing. It's, uh, what have they got to sell? Not much. I say everybody jump on that Panthers van Ragan, baby. Better couple of girls teams come up later this week. We've got the blues in the Columbus Street jackets. I'm assuming those games are on the road. It's kind of... Remorial, isn't it? That's correct. Remorable being town? Well, I don't know. It's just as the passage, I'm assuming it's a road game because it's, uh, it doesn't really say here. I don't, I don't know whether it's... They're home. They're home against them. They are home? Yep. The Remorable being town to rip out the knees spot, Pananas. That's my challenge to remember. Say, say right to his face, what you told me behind is back all those years. Remember, boychop a little bit. But they've done frog. Well, by the way, speaking to the dumb people, I know you don't care about this, but two weeks from yesterday is the big Canadian National Election. Yeah. I read it on the... The same mistake here that Americans have made all of a sudden they get disenchanted with the liberals. And the conservatives in this morning's poor are way, way ahead they're going to have a majority government looks like. Stephen Harper who in the past was always considered to be a clone of Bush with his own Canadian Bush and Nio cons. And they're going to make the same mistake. So if you love Bush, you're going to really love Stephen Harper. What a bad mistake they're going to make here. But, tell me. Look to Rude the day. You won't move, though. No, I'm not going to affect me. I'm going to make an impact in my life. I was reading where Las Vegas is going through overbuilding. Finally. Yeah, you know what I mean? Well, they're building all these condos out there and kind of hotels. And some of them are starting to be canceled because... Well, there's a glutton. You get to a saturation pool and I don't know what that point was, but I guess they finally reached it. Yep. I mean, how much money is there out there? A bunch of your duffs. Well, this is residential stuff. I've actually really not too happy about the situation in South Florida with a slice passing. I mean, because anything that, you know, whether it was Atlantic City or now this... Would it just sit out? Would it just sit out? Would it sit in a way, trip in a way? All those out there missing any meals out there. You think that that would stop anybody from going out there. The fact that there is going to be slot machines at the tracks. Sure. I don't think so. Well, a good personal example. I mean, if I were there, if I was in South Florida most of the time, and I hadn't discovered woodline here, and it didn't spend most of my time here, I wouldn't go to Vegas. I could go plant my guts there. See, the thing with Vegas is, after you've seen all the new glitzy casinos, and, you know, that's it. Once you've seen them all, what else is there to see? Because inside, when you strip away all the trappings and the paintings, like in Velagio and the fountains and the water pushing and all that stuff, when you take that all away, it's a bunch of tables and a slot machines. You know, it's all could be anywhere. It's still a destination. It's different because of shows and... Yeah. Yeah, the entertainment out there, and it's a long-shelap man, a long-shelap for a lot of people and expensive. The amount of money you still want to go away. Yeah. Well, the certain amount of times, but I, well, we'll see. We'll find out. I think there are people that go there maybe two, three times a year, that you know what? Go there once. They said the same thing about Atlantic City. Oh, it's going to have a lot of space. Yeah, but Atlantic City is a dump as a toilet. And God. Howlendale? Pomp and O? Pomp and O is not a toilet. Howlendale? Oh boy, you sure got a bug up your ass about Colstney, man. I wasn't even thinking about that. I think real careful. I would be surprised if our old... Your good buddy there shows up in a... It's a hell of an hell of a nail now, set a highly... ...a... ...a roll-mar teen as your buddy. Well, you won't see me there. I'll be a call, though. Yeah. It's great over there. I agree with that. I have no problem with Colbert. Had many of enjoyable afternoon there, plunging my guts out. But... Anyway. Alright, back into my console as Josevolo's junior days. Yeah, when they opened up Mississippi, the same... ...it doesn't matter where they opened up. All you never found out who Gary Cohen was, by the way. How come I keep letting you off the hook? Gary Cohen? The Jackie and then Jackie Agent, Gary Cohen. Oh, don't you remember I asked you if... Yeah, you did. Was related to Gary Cohen, you said, how about my... ...com. Yeah, who is that? I'm going to force to ask, Eddie, Kim, I'm Gary Cohen. I can't believe that. Being the racing maven that you are, he wasn't a bad Jackie. He was... and then he became a John Sage. And I think he got injured, and became an agent. You're supposed to be the expert on that crap. Next to be asking me who Gary being is. I know Gary being. He's still... he's still at the top of the stretch by the way. He's somebody I put an extra... How about Derek Ascivito? I remember him? He went to bed. He was alright. He was okay. He was the guy that died that they had the memorial. What the hell was that Jackie? Donald... Donald Rumsfeld? Donald... Oh, I know you're talking about. Fromfield? No. Yes. Fromfield? Fromfield? This guy just said... Yeah. I thought you said Rumsfeld. Well, I said that first just to be a wise man. Fromsfeld, that was wishful thinking. Yeah, Donald Rumsfield. Well, that was a long time ago. I know. Well, that's what happens when he gets to be injured. But he want to Kentucky Derby. Next we're going to be talking about loads of dustman and cherry pop and pop savage. See, there's something to be said for gay to be an old code. And not too much to be said for it. But one of the things is, look at all the people that we outlived, you know? Yeah. And I'm not saying it was that we're bad people. Like pop savage was always nice to me. He was a good guy. It was. He's been dead a long time now. Just so son Joey last weekend. Yeah, good guy. Joey works a call. I thought he also worked a gulstream. He's not a gulstream right now. No, but I... You used to see him a gulstream to work there. Yeah. But now he's a caller and he's not a gulstream for this meat. So, yeah. That couldn't be fixed. Don't forget that I'm hearing callin those races. Yes, it is. Oh, my God. Tell you what the horses are thinking. No wonder I was sick to my stomach yesterday. Well, he just... Yep. Not that he's dead bad, you know? He's not great. But he's not that bad. But he's just... Personally, he's just offensive to me. And he just bothers me. He's an idiot. Oh, he's certainly better at what he does than Mike Pataglia. Mike Pataglia is a nice guy. You keep telling me that. There are a lot of nice guys out here, but you're not going to have him call a races. I think all you've had about Vic. He is just awful. Yeah, but Pataglia is not the best. He is... he's one of the very worst. One of the... all-time worst. But, you know, you turn on Santa Neaton, listen to Trevor Caller. I enjoy him a lot, yeah. I like that. Now, he sure doesn't make any mistakes. I'll tell you that. But we're getting a little bit too close to the horse racing thing. So we've been here like a chop this off. Okay. Two days probably had a big racing day. I wouldn't think. Uh, no. Most of the tracks are dark today. Well, tell you, I'll tell you who's open. Just one moment please, all you anti-gambling people. Oh, look at that. We got racing from South Africa in a half an hour. Oh. To Philadelphia, Tampa Bay, to Paradise, Coorthed Downs, Hardness, Dobra Downs, Northfield Park, Georgia, to much harness racing for you today. Yeah, I'm not involved today. Yeah, you got Philadelphia, which is really crappy racing in Tampa Bay. Well, I'm surprised they still got a track. Still running over there in Tampa, aren't you? Yeah, doing very well. Are they really based on what? On the slots? They don't have slots. They don't have slots. They know that. They have a tendency to have full fields. Well, why are they doing very well? Is that because of the ice-browshing job over there? It's well-managed. I'll be damned. Yep. People go there from all calories. They have a pretty wide base of people from different, you know, Sarasota, say, Breatington, Yvonneus? Well, block that place. Yeah. No, they are doing well. Temple terrorists, loose, loose. Yeah, I remember Lombay. Do you ever drive through Pompey? Very quickly. Or is no, I'm not thinking to Pompey. I'm thinking to two egg. Two egg is a stoplight. Nine nursing that one. Never seen the stoplight, it sits the town. Two egg. What are you going to start traveling through bar stuff? Well, I've been to there. And Brandon. Yep. For Josh's from Brandon. These are from there. You're not from the right. No. From Brandon? Brandon, we're all the fast food joints. Yeah. It's like East to Tampa when you're going on 60-year-old. Brandon is. Brandon. They got fast food joints and been invented yet. Well, let's leave them on a carry this on too much because somebody will go to the area, test the again and all of a sudden, then other shape. We haven't even mentioned it today. Yeah, you did. Right on the box, you mentioned after the promo, you had some cost to cut. Oh, I just said I enjoyed the game. I mean, spirit and hateful comment. What are you guys going wrong? You know, what's that all about? I'm going to explore that tomorrow. I'll be listening. Yeah. Okay. Have a great day. Get that South Africa racing for now. Yeah. What about some of the do? This is Gorten, Lydia. And they don't come any worse than Neil Roger. Welcome. Sweet, so low we hear. We're going in your mouth. A second we'll stop doing something we have. The Chateau didn't get in the by itself. We should have that's your audition. The rich are here. And we're going to meet. We've been waiting for about 15 minutes. What do you love? I just hope it's coming to the start. I just had that little pet shop on top of that. And then the last one. Come on, Joe. Get your audition. Here. Rich are here. Richard, give it a go. Richard, give it a go. Richard, give it a go. Richard, give it a go. Everyone down. You're so good. I said, I saw an amazing movie last night. Really very good with Richard gear. And I watched it. So you have to think a lot of times when most of us make a mistake. If somebody we can't stand is in a movie, we just refuse to watch it. And sometimes we miss a really good movie. Or sometimes we have a lawyer. I'm talking about Pramil Fear with Richard gear. And it's Norton. And Francis McDormand, who I'm just crazy about. She's fabulous. She's one of my very favorite rides. Anyway, it's already 1014. We don't have time to delete that. We have to have some spots. We have a new way of jeem it. You weigh in. Everybody's got to be my own face. But it's not the course those people are afraid they're on the way up. How's 205? You have a chance to, you know. That sounds sensational to me. Great. Chances to what? Do an ace in a douce? And a crazy. We've long yourself to a better night's sleep in 2006. That's an English resolution you can really keep up with because if you call 1-800-MATFUS guaranteed. Nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health well-being and productivity than a good night's sleep. And you can get one as soon as tonight. From dial a mattress by making it call right now 1-800-MATFUS. If your mattress is more than 10 years old, I'll bet your life on it. It's not necessarily sagging lumpy. It's time for a new one. Two of them, the complete line of the top names in a mattress business, silly, service, Simmons King Quill, temper, pedic strings and foster hue it. The dial a mattress takes the same order all day long from candle to stuer from Palm Beach to Ford Myers. And like I've been telling you for a very long time, they let you pick the two hour delivery window one day when you want that mattress delivered when it's convenient for you when they show up 99.7% of the time on time. You can't beat that with a stick. I'm a satisfied dial a mattress customer. Most of the folks at QAMR and you will be too scared to eat. So start to need your off-right with a great new mattress from Valematris. Pick up the phone right now. Give me a call. Full free at 1-800-MATFUS or do your shopping on their website at mattress.com. Valematris 1-800-MATFUS RES. Leave off the last edge because it stands for sensational stupendous saving. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8. So all right! Thanks for friends! Gee, it's all the gas-flate things in canoons. You're insolventing, and it's all more than two. And it's all the energy and all the sorrows you've done to them. This is for the set-fit for them. And it's the in-breath by the men. And that's the fact that they both leave this youth. Guns, suns and men's your team, you need my shoes. You use your guns at it to fill some kids for the NRA. Guns were made for smart-slide youth. Gee, it's all the current things you can do. You use other edge and haven't been breath-cooms. And it's all the energy that's held sideways as you say. And it's easy to get moral, all the best that you adore. And it's all the time. And it's all the time. And it's all the time. And it's all the time. And it's all the time. And it's all the time. And it's all the time. And it's all the time. And it's all the time. And it's all the time. So this is the only thing you can do. And it's all the time. And it's all the time. So anyway, Primal Fear 1996, Richard Gear, Laura Lini, Edward Norton, who's just incredible in this movie, Francis McDormand, and our good friend, my close personal buddy, Stephen Vauer, and we're talking about the idea. Who is cast? That's one of the unfortunate things. In fact, one of the reviews I read about the movie after I watched it. So it's too bad that they wasted the talents of some of the character actors like Stephen Vauer. And real stereotypical, you know, weak back. Weak back against the type. But anyway, he, you know, come out alive. And it's as I could, I could ruin the movie for you. Oh, no, but I already did. So that's all right. No, I didn't. No, Miguel did. He saw it, said it was great. And then I ruined the ending for it. What an idiot. You know, he sent me an email last night out of nowhere about 820, just out of the blue, okay? Saying, uh, when my brains have turned to, I've just found that my brains have turned to Schmitt or something like that. I just, just, I don't know where. What does that mean? Or he felt bad about leaving you in the lurch there with that promotion yesterday. Because he knows better. Yeah, I mean, it was better than, give me a song and answer about how I can listen to Howard Stern, which even if I were to wanted to, that wouldn't have worked anyway. But it's lost it, man. Apparently. I just lost it. I think it's time he needs to go bond with Aliana and Fidel for a while. Maybe a couple of meals would be good. Find a way to the charity cases of QMR. We need panicking now because come to find out that we don't have room at the infer charity cases anymore. Anyway, this is a really good movie. And, uh, like I said, Richard, you were nearly. I see him and I said automatically goes to another channel. But I just happened to, took it on. At the time it came out of 10 30 last night. Yeah. And it had three stars on the, uh, on the crawl on the bottom. Three stars. And he said, well, maybe it's going to be pretty good. And after the first 10 minutes, you don't realize it's Richard gear anymore. That's how good he was. Wow. He was very good. Really? Well, he can't act. He just bugged it. You know, he's, but he didn't, he doesn't bug you after a while because he, just, I don't know. It may be because you become so engrossed in the story. Plus, the fact is about a Chicago art special who's a pervert and, uh, gets murdered. And that's in the beginning. Although we don't find out he's a pervert later on, but kind of assume that right off the bat. Anyway, the, uh, Marla, I guess we ought to do the pull result, right? A little bit back up today. We had a long cross over with the Humphord to entertain the people. There's a lot of people over there who just, uh, slap and no wings. There is the elite of confirmation hearing going on this patley. He just should check some such things. I'm going to be put a loop, put it up. We could carry that, you know, and just kind of sit back and, What's the audience vanished? 163 votes. What's your number one answer to this? Most people are stupid. 490. Right. So that's what I was. Uh, I guess I should have clear off of it. Just most people in general. I don't want to see in South Florida. I've always picked it on South Florida, which is easy to do. These are the people we know. Just people in general. Generals. Yeah. 10490. These in 308. Now that was nice that that moved up there. And it was second place, especially in South Florida. Most people are decent 308. Yeah, give them a break. Cut them some slack. Give them a little slack and then cut them some slack. Uh, A holes 252. That was my vote. Hippocrates 2.26. One dimensional 108. Reasonable 71. Rude 53. Rude. In fact, maybe that could be our new Rude 56. That could be our new logo for the new year. Rude 56. What do you want? A lifeless 31. Biggest 19. Jurfs 17. Perverts 15. And ugly only 12. Oh, goodness. What? I don't know about that. There are a lot of good people out there believe you may. I see what in the mirror every morning. Continuing to explore possible relocation three Marlin executives visited Portland, Oregon, yesterday and found the same sign of the answer in counter everywhere in South Florida any place they go. A lack of appetite to cover more than just a portion of stating financing cost through public funding. Hey. Although Marlin's prison David Sensen said funding plans weren't discussed, Portland may or Tom Potter said he survived previous comment that public finance baseball would not be coming to Portland on his watch and that was not a point of discussion today he said. Then sound too fruitful to me. Does it look? David Sensen sounds a little fruity but this didn't sound too fruitful. Asked if Facebook had worked in Portland Potter said it late after in the news conference, I don't know. I haven't seen a plan yet that does it. I don't want the city of Portland taking out any mortgage in our children's future. What a breath of fresh air. What a refreshing attitude. Sensen also said conversations continue about building a retractable roof stadium on Wayne High's single owned land next to Dolphin Stadium. But the funding gap between $75 and $500 million remains. How come on you guys out there? Confident. What a small. What are what are the patents that is $75 and $100 million right? Right. I got that ready. In fact, there's like maybe five million people in South Florida, Dave Roud and Palm Beach. So 100 million. That's like 20 bucks a piece. Really? Yeah, 20 bucks a piece. Even you'd cough up 20 bucks. I'd cough up 20 bucks. I'd cough up. I'd cough up. I'm sure Joshua, but you wouldn't, but Joshua put in 40 because it keeps out of the job goal. He could put in my share. Right. The idea of placing a dome on Dolphin Stadium's also been raised recently, but Sensen said that the marlins are not considering that. That's good because they ain't going to work. The marlins say they'll play a Dolphin Stadium at least two, but not more than five more seasons were leaving in five years if you don't get with it. Sensen were storing all possibilities I never thought it would come to this. Well, a suckers board every minute, David, that's where it goes. Okay. All these rich guys running around looking for a hand out. Why don't you want to do this for us? Nah. Too bad. Let's see. We got the, where are you talking about the bombings in Iraq yesterday? But the bad news is that 20 Americans have been killed since Thursday, particularly dead leads for a period for Americans. The numbers are just mushrooming up there with latest military deaths at least 20. We crossed that magical 2200 number. Did that do it? No. Is the public up at arms and filed the Democrats finally saying when and out let us get out? No. I don't think there is any number. Is there? No. There is. Why? The, at least 227 US service members have died since the war started in 2003. 2002, 2007. And it just goes on and on and nobody seems to really give a crap. That's the sad part. I said those people, you know, innermately involved, loved ones, the friends, the families, they did, but they beat the group of the net. Nobody cares. Because the governments do a fabulous job of keeping it, you know, arms length. We don't see those flag-grade coffins. We don't hear too much about it. And now we got the a little hearing so we clung. And they said, and then it goes on and on. And so anything else, you know, for it there was the coldmiders. Now it's the little hearing. This will, this will too up at other week. So we don't even hear anymore about all the indictments, you know? That's really sad. You know, those Republican indictments. All right. And let me say it again. If you didn't take a look at our website right under the poll, you'll see that I did watch, say, yes, they have to show that was a real hoot. Wolf looks great. He has no other scream or feels banana man. Very good. How are Dean tells him that there is on the single Democrat related to the Jack A. Bramaz scandal or took any money from him? And, but I don't want to say to it. Wolf is so deflated over the fact that he couldn't. He couldn't squeeze at least one name out of our, it is very depressed. You've got to watch that. Just watch the clip. It's a couple of minutes. Well, invest it to your time. Keep your office street. You'll get it here. You will. And your eye and maybe in your fly. 27 past 10 at 5. 60, 72, M.A. let's take a look at this line up. We got the mole mice to read two mad dog, three son-law hours for the seven. No panther game again until Thursday. What kind of a schedule is this? Guilty is seven o'clock tonight. Makes a rare occurrence with his own show. Eddie K.10. How do you like that? The guilty mice is on. Do you like it? I like it. Happy New Year from the five folks at Armstrong Ford Home City at 2005 was a great year for them and thousands of new customers, thousands took advantage of the meal deal and bought their new four-d Armstrong Ford. A lot of people shop there. It's easy because Armstrong Ford guarantees you a great price. Great service after the sale and that personal touch that comes from a local family-owned dealership. Pick up the phone right now cause general manager David Rich at 305, 2475112. When you buy a new Ford from Armstrong Ford Home City also get their exclusive tires and battery for that program that nobody else would dream of giving you. That's right. When you buy it Armstrong Ford, you get three tires and batteries for the left-yocard. That could save you thousands of dollars. David Rich and the staff guarantee you won't find a better price any place else in town and being locally owned and operated they treat you so great you'll want to deal desperately want to come back again and again. No maintenance for its no phony sales just the best deals going all the way around. So start the new year off with a great new Ford from our friend David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford Home City you'll find them at 3075, South Dixie Highway, just 20 minutes drive south of the 836. Check them out on the way of Armstrong cars.com and then travel a little bit extra just a few miles to save yourself thousands at Armstrong Ford of Home City. We should bring it up and we should go home. Yes, you need home and all day. Happy. I never found what Michael Jackson liked to do. Well, speaking of that, Truman Capote played by what's his name? Philipsy Moore Hoffman, one of the critic's choice award is best actor. I need to see that. Just seen that on the crawl. You got to go see Capote and sound so. Yeah, nevertheless. If you're not going to go see Bearback Mountain why would you go see Capote? Well, because here he was actually somebody. And at least with his boom when the actress for I walked the line. Did you know? Yes, he did. At least with his boom. I had to go see that too. Well, I'll wait for it to come on cable. What about that movie? I was just talking about Primal Fear with Richard Gear. I think I can say it on the watch and not on the other one. No, he didn't familiar. No, he actually he really had any for another movie. He came in to say. Oh. No, I don't think so. I think he probably told you what happened. Because this is a movie if you spill the beans on the ending. I mean, if there's no point in watching it. 560560. 560. Tom 560. We didn't pick up right where we left off yesterday. We had fantastic. What? That's never. I would say I was one of my favorite days of all time yesterday. We had so many. Maybe even the Yorvan guy will call back or maybe he died. Maybe died in the sleep overnight. 560560. 560. 560. Verizon. Sigat Arroyal. Again, Monday next Monday to 16. The moral service for a skipper Chuck Zink at the Gardens of a Moral Park on your Model and Military Trail in Voka. Maybe somebody somewhere has got more information like on the time when that's going to have much probably be good idea. You think? Let's hope. Okay. I'm waiting for that 18-minute blade of build up so that we start to respond. Just bring it right off the hook. What? What? What? There they go? Yeah, there it goes. There it goes. You know what that's going to be? I mean, is there any doubt about that one? What? What is with this week? I thought not to wrap to the holidays and I thought maybe it was like the back to like life again, but it just is not. You think that was like there right right today was like Christmas day? Come in to QAM, hello. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. Okay, that was our call for today. Wow, just put a sign on the door. Oh, out of business. Gone fishing. This is really special yesterday and if you thought yesterday was good, just wait till the day. Well, we're not building any pool, the only one you want us to say. I don't know something would be good. Anything you want. Starting with all that heavy duty political stuff and see how long I leave you on. Well, I was also depressing yesterday. That to me was worse than the rest of it. When I all start about fat ass, bush stuff that we already knew about and talked about last week, you know? Just, you know, you see, it would be one thing if talking about it would change something, but the fact that it matter is, it will not like these areas. We're all exactly like that's going to change something. And there's just like yesterday with all those opening statements in the wrong time, to get rid of Pony. Well, well, well, well, what's the purpose of that? Only it is wasted day and that's all. Just one more day that the media is next to talk about what's really going on in the world. Somebody QAM, hello. Neil. You're talking about it. Is that a movie with rich, here's a lawyer? Yes. And there's something about that. Edward Norton being crazy or something or multiple personnel? Right. Exactly. That's the one. That's the great movie. It was. Yeah. You're right about the ending. Many people come to your house and beat the cramp body. Yeah. Good movie though. That's great day. All right. You were. See, there's somebody in soft primal fear. See, one thing about, I call me crazy, okay? You're crazy. Oh, I know. But, uh, somebody times we talk about these different movies and like almost, almost nobody has ever seen any of them. That is correct. Well, what's that all about? I guess these people look at them. How much is that in? Or, or their lousy excuses for shut-ins because they don't have cable. I see. Now, what's your excuse? How come you didn't see a problem? I think I did see a signal. I did see a signal. Well, if you've seen it, it's all the same. I think I see now. This is a little slow, much of the idea you forget. It's a little bit too profound, a little bit to the ending. And since you're such a stickler on good endings, man. Right. This one would have like topped right the, Oh, my, my. Maybe I avoided it because of the Richard Richard years. And it's highly common. A crisis, McDurhamman was in it. She canceled it out. Who more than that exactly? She's great. How many of you are in? Hello. Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? That was, that was the first movie I ever saw had Northern End and I liked him ever since. I think he said, George told you to watch the movie American History X. Yeah. And if you watched it, you'd never know what the same guy. I know you would be named. You would not know what the, I didn't know he's in. Exactly. And, and, you know, I wanted to thank you for one of your sponsors, lawyers, office, hop and running and again, Eddie. They did that little, they did a little work for me. During the last year in the professional, say, little money and I really appreciate it. Excellent. I don't know why you're in this film. I don't know what the matter with your sales department's in there. They need to boot them all out and bring some people in. If this is a chance, I'll show that they're not with the crap. Amen. Thanks a lot, pal. I'd like to. Well, I think we got some changes coming. We got a great new general manager, which everybody's just raving about your bell. And there's some, like I said, somebody to cheer to Kate. I mean, some of the people who have been hanging around. I mean, I guess that I think it was right the first time charity cases. See, you know, it's one thing to, it's like pain, you know, you get used to it. And then when the pain finally goes away, then you think, oh my gosh, what a relief this is. I didn't, we've never realized how annoying that was all that time. And that was the great weed era, you know, the era of paranoia and fear and loathing and, see, it's one thing to say, well, I'm a hands off guy. Well, that's one thing. It's another thing to say, I'm just oblivious. And I'm in my own world, I got my own agenda and whatever, you know, we've got a pleasant time, believe you me. And even, of course, he is remaining as our consultant. Oh, what a joke that is. Somebody QAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Chugs and tight. Yeah. Oh, Jesus Christ. Yeah, he's Christ. Him too. Somebody QAM, hello. Neil, how are you? Yes. All right. And how many years did it take for the Soviet, out of Afghanistan? About 30 minutes. So that's how many of you see we're going to be in Iraq? Hey, like, don't, don't, don't spoil any of your energy worrying about that. Okay. I mean, this is a bunch of innocent people dying over there. Don't get all whipped up about that. Just nobody else seems to care. The politicians don't care. And the animals don't care. Nobody cares. Including a lot of these parents who think that's really wonderful to send their kids over to the human sacrifice for your father, for your father. Because that's all they are. Dying for no good reason at all, when a clagmire, they're desperately trying to figure out some way to get out of there. And Donnie, Hermann Gering, Rumsfeld, told us just a couple of weeks ago, we're going to withdraw 7500 troops this year, maybe 7500 out of 138,000. That's not exactly what you call a whole month, hardly. Right. And of course, that was before all this new violence and mayhem and bloodshed started up again. Which every day now, you've got double digit dead people. Can you imagine? I mean, you know, we had the 3,000 and 9, 11, but that was basically it. But can you imagine if every single day in America, we had double digit people dying from terrorist attacks or from bombings, that they had that bomb scare, which I'll get to eventually. It's in San Francisco yesterday. It's Starbucks. Did you see that story? No. No, really. Well, you better hear with it, Mr. You better start checking out your Starbucks. But that was just a hoax. And they, but to be put up in everybody's all up in arms, it was a major story. If we had like double digit people dying every day, there would be people would be like riding in the streets like, how come you're not stopping this? What's going on over here? And then of course, I guess the bush response to that would be, well, better to keep it over there than over here, you know? Better than the rush. Of course, us, I think would include those 227 dead Americans, but nevertheless, they'll start again with that anti-American propaganda. You can eat in bastard you. What a son of China, it's beautiful, baby. We got like Indian fall communists, we got to know what's going on. It could be that global warming could it? It could be like in the 30s and then like in the 40s and next three days, a big apartment, there's a such thing, remember that's a liberal plan. And buffalo in the 50s, the next couple of days, how do you like that? Well, if you ever wanted to go to Buffalo, I don't do it. 1041 is 560 QAM, and you're shopping for shoes. I'll give you one name to keep in mind and that's brand these shoes in Pomp and Obiche. They carry a humongous, unbeatable selection of all your favorite brand names, and of course all the styles. They got rockport, foreshime, echo, muffisto, new balance essays, all the other top names in the shoe business. And brand these professional shoe fitters will make sure you've got to customize video favorite comfort shoe every time just ask for Arnie. He'll make damn sure you get exactly what you're looking for. The pros and brandies understand fit and comfort they even specialize in wide wits as well because some of you folks have got big fat ones, and of course a lot of us old farts, as you can older your feet get flat and wide, and that's cetera. Which I never realized that but man, they're like huge now. Brandies is worth the trip from just about any place for comfort style, fit, value and selection, always think brandy shoes, and you find brandies at 1290 North Edible Highway in Pomp and Obiche are often daily Monday through Saturday to 9 at every Sunday till 5. And this week is a stupendous time to buy rockport's at Brandies. Visit Brandies today and take 10 to 20 bucks extra off their great rockport selection only this week and only at Brandy shoes in Pomp and Obiche. This is a meal Rogers. This is 5.16. 5.16. 5.17 WRD I got my ticket before they come. The rubber juice, two beers and a popcorn warm on the wood. These days would replace the girl with a lot of shunt cowboy shoes. Can you sit and rain your jeans? Watchin' that giant monkey. The music way for the tea to be tea. Remember, raise your knees. Thank you, John Paul, I'm sleeping. Why did that you really get in? You're the special effects of these. But take out a whistle to the floor. Thank you. I'm in an extra mission to be. Three walking in the morning tall. 47 judges ago see it in the judges' eyes. Second edamist. Sure. I would rather watch Primal Shared though before I'd watch that. Okay. McGill is really really ending for us. A little different. No, he was talking about a different movie. He had it wrong. I see. He's seen it again since I forgot. I was out thinking maybe I should begin. You're copying that. It's what we're seeing. That's what was granted to me. I did the AC subs people have your movie during their drush. Yeah, I'm going to be getting mad. No one is tonight. Tonight. And I'll watch it tonight. Maybe. But I'm going to say. I'm going to be a little flying crap about the DVD. You just want to food. And Larry said he stopped his brain of food today. Yes, that's the thing. Why isn't it just amazing? Everybody seems to be in so much better of a mood now. And everything that the sun is even shining here is a result. You can take them from under this dark cloud at QAN. We didn't even realize I guess you could like I said he used to. We're like pain. And now the dark cloud has been listed. And we can see some daylight at the end of the channel. And then made a skate from a<|ko|>Hagasi also a scene some daylight. And then made a skate from the Nate County stockade this morning. If a silly next to the Turner geoford night detention center, that renal the Rapala was skate from a December. The Department of Correction said he escaped in May to his 25 year old black man about 5 foot 9 and 160 pounds. He was lasting in the area of southeast eighth court and parked drive and mommy's springs. Correction officers said he made somehow got out of the holding area behind the main jail building this morning. It's unknown how the man escaped from the air, which is surrounded by a barbed wire. How do you like that? Maybe he had gloves on. Officials haven't said what the man is charged with. The stockade is an older facility next to TGK. We're accused of a rapala skip on December 20. We'll go out there with ketchup. We just can't hold on to my guess. Upon his return from an extended vacation yesterday, the W.O.R. New York host made it official. Bob Grant plans to retire on Friday after 58 years behind the mic. How do you like that? Bob Grant. Bob Grant all races to the Stacker crab. Heathful hate-mongering right wing piece of turd Bob Grant. Following the announcement on his afternoon show Grant took calls from listeners, local celebrities and politicians offering good wishes to the radio veteran, to the radio Nazi, and reminisced on his incredible broadcast career, which also includes a student after noon's at W.A.B.C. in New York. In the almost 60 years he's been on the air, Bob is gained the allegiance and affection of millions of listeners. W.O.R. Vice President General Mangler Bob Bruno said, Bob is not only a great broadcaster, but he's a great American and a great friend and a great racist. The legendary Bob Grant will always enjoy the utmost respect and sincere gratitude of W.O.R. and Buckley Broadcasting for a job well done. He likes it well done. I like it kind of medium well myself. So, by Bob Grant and don't let the door hit you nasty and away out. I put him in the same category as Greg Reel leaving. I'll at least do about Grant doesn't affect us. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I guess maybe we'll change the pool to 11 o'clock to the one that Eric Scott tomorrow's right? Okay. I actually have a really really good one for Thursday. Not that the one isn't good for tomorrow, but I really know I mean by really good. I know you mean. In fact, I'm just changing it over right now. Really? Well, not to the really good one. Here's the last check of this one. 1667 votes. What's your number one answer to? Most people are stupid 5008. These in 320 it. That's awfully nice. A-holes 259. Pippercrets 233. One dimensional one 14. Reasonable 72. Route 56. Route 56. How do you like the way that turned out? It's amazing. That's our station. If you have a big billboard campaign. Route 56. We'll give you some jingles, some pantingos. Bye bye. Our lifeless 31. Biggest 19. 17. Jurks 17. Pervert 16. Ugly only 12. Ah. Okay, let me just change it right now. I'm sure we can put a lot of things on this one. What do you miss most about your childhood? Do we ever do that before? No, we have it. Wow, where do we start? Okay, here's what I got so far. Well, some of these wouldn't be up your alley. Like baseball cards I've put that. You know one of the great things about find baseball cards? I can up here and go. Yeah. That dry stick. It was a dry, that great dry flat piece of gum that was out of baseball cards. And it was really powdery and really stickin' and really sweet. And if you like down about like ten packs of baseball cards, which I think he used to be like five since or a dime of pack. So for a dollar, good by ten packs. You had it too. It was just obligatory. If I'll obligate, he shouldn't want to throw it out. That'd be wasteful. So you had it to every stick of gum. You know, and just, right. Fortunately, you could feel the fillings getting yand thread out of your mouth. You're not. They only lots of play rep like five seconds. Baseball cards. Hollywood's your conceded. Halloween. That's your Hollywood. Hollywood. Halloween. Plainsports. Free speech. Oh, I remember that. Comic books. Bubble gum, which not necessarily baseball card bubble gum, which is bubble gum in general. Now, when you get to be an adult, you're supposed to be too smart to be too in bubble gum, right? Right. Spankings. Some of the sign things, some people enjoyed it. Who are just going to school instead of work? See, I remember when I was in school, and I think most people like this, when you're in school, you look forward to that day when you're in Roland, where in school, you don't have to get up in a morning, and go to school every day. And then you realize you're getting the real world, then you've got to go to work every day. And you think, boy, I sure wish I was back in school, you know? Tell me some people. And my old neighborhood. You missed the old hood? Sometimes. Actually, I missed my teen hood more than my childhood hood. I'm potent for baseball cards. Well, I sure enjoyed that. And then you'd flip them in over your friends. Right. I remember when I lost Dutch Leonard, oh, my god. I don't think I'll ever recover from that day. Big fat old picture for our believes it comes. I'm not sure I have 100 years ago. I lost my Dutch Leonard card. 560, 560. Don't you think there's like a zillion other things you missed from your childhood? Yeah, sure. We can't idea that. You have out having no worries. Yeah, or being free. Not having to pay bills. Yeah, I'm just saying that. Yeah, I'm just saying that. Yeah, well, that's basically what you guys are saying. Just interfacing. It's so much better, which is freedom. That's right. Especially, Andy. Huh? Just like freedom in general. Really? Most things that are problem now are other people's problems. Well, do we want to put both of those things, honey? Not having to pay bills. Okay. I like having no worries. Because, you know, you can't be part of the other one. I mean, let's not limit this. Okay. We can put about a thousand choices in there now. Just because the food hasn't showed up yet, don't start getting a little early on. Well, I'll get a little light headed, you know. Yeah. That's what Gregor we said. By the way, time of fear is the movie and the girl thought that we were talking about. Oh, I got the inspoiling ending. This will be for, because you can spoil the ending. It's forget about it. But he says that it is also good and involves the church. This is two hours and 15 minutes long. So it's a fairly long movie. And it didn't end to like a quarter to one in the morning. So if I'm light headed, that's because I went a bit of a little late for this old movie. And it's worth seeing. And it's pretty good. And it's Norton is really great. How many QAM? Hello. Yeah, I got some for Neil Paul. Yes, sir. I want to tell him that Saturday morning got to. Actually, I'm going to vote for you. Thanks, Pally. Hi, Pally. You know, they have a, with the family of theater and Rochester man. I think he was talking about the TV cartoons, but those work too. No, he was nice. Saturday morning cartoons. No. Sorry. Pops, but some of the other of them from the, he's not old enough. He's right. Saturday morning cartoons. I've said he morning cartoons on. Almost done like one channel just literally. And they're not even. See Saturdays. Religously, when I was a kid, we'd go to a friend and I would go to the Kamiow Theatre in Rochester. And like I think was a dime to get in. I remember maybe more, maybe a quarter. And back in those days, when you went to the movies, there were two features. And I started out with a cartoon and the news reel. And then there was the first feature. And then there was like in between. It was like a, a cartoon, a serial. I don't remember the order. And then there was a second movie. You get two movies, the news reel, a serial and a kind of least one. Maybe two cartoons for like a quarter. News reel. Yeah, for real. For real. For real. Israel. Israel. Was real. Surreal. You know what I'm talking about? Were they had a UC? Those patty news and uh, the people who present? Right. That's right. That's right. Present and Truman today dropped in a bomb agrande on those damn jacks. Just like that. Well, it was for the days, man. That was fantastic. The big old Kamiow Theatre. I remember where the hell it is. Or was. Sure. It's not there no more. WQAM. Hello. Well, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd a comment regarding Keith O'Roman. Yes. Do I think he's qualified to report his Boston 100 Detroit 96? Yeah. And why is he too? Is he too liberal for his edit? Found it. How about that read a cause? He's a hotdog. I'm getting. She's uh, so bad that uh, you know, sometimes there's uh, some people hate him. Some people love him. Who could like her? That's a good question. Who would do a turn that thing on and take it seriously? You'd have to think it was a prank. A practical joke. I mean, a voice alone. I've run to the TV. Oh, I can't get a plane about her voice. He doesn't have one. Maybe she got sniped as a child, you think? Oh, man. Ho ho ho. Oh, no, I'll kid yourself. I think she's got this one. Cook about what you think. And even. Neil Rogers. This is 5. 16. â€¦ This is Neil Rogers. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. This is your brain. Who's your third hero? Any question? Yes, I think you like my shoelaces. When there's a bomb in my shoe, and the melody in my heart, I get that I'm going to take a deep in it, when I grow up late, I'm watching the show's a thrill that's my taste. It's easy to sit too high now. Your light is worth the taking, or my meninges are a reason why, and with a bomb our horizons. I'll do it a wet spot on the sea. I'm not too blind at timing out, I love. I'm not too blind at timing out, I love you. di disguise 11 O 2 of 56 you've already ÐºÑ€Ñƒ i'm appealing Tuesday to ya' Now lets see thisest Wagyu eine semi poth zumity forouse time of fear as opposed to before primal fear seek out into the top is interesting to me because it was good It was y nice what i thought I'd look other it me night See, time affairs a tough psychological thriller thrusting an FBI agent, and a grieving father into the dark world of a demented killer. Empliage and Cheryl Hammer arrives in a small California town of Ketchan, Luc of Killer, seeing no help for coming from the sheriff she turns to the only other person who can help her, Jack Barron. Marron. A grieving father who's daughter Lisa was the victim of a similar 19 years earlier. The killers clues are a perversion of typical punishment for sins, stoning, burning decapitation. The back an agent hammered her into father Patrick, Catholic priest for help, as the clock ticks down a young female friend of Jack's kidnap to maybe come to a scagerty. The harrowing rescue of the young woman opens the door to dark history written below the surface revealing the true identity of the killer ranch in the mystery of who killed Jack's daughter. And also George says American history acts as great with a Norton. Right, the AdNorton can act he doesn't always do that in movies, but in this movie like Best Job Ever. Now he's retracted in a primal fear, I'll take it that on. Cool. See, here's one in Phelms near Vazemir, Phelms near Florida. I never knew there was a place called Vazemir, Florida. It's just I agree with the color for the new poll. I missed the good Saturday morning cartoons. The cheesy badly drawn cartoons now really suck. And I'm an existing, I think like one channel shows you gui, and some of the cheesy crap. Well, Josh was right, having no worries. Although I noticed you didn't put no bills to pay, which I think is the separate. It's part of that one, but it's up for the number. Well, I got several for you to put on there. No bills to pay. Okay, he's in position. Oh, don't tell Duff. My allowance. What, you're laughing, but there's nothing nowadays. Yeah, okay. Some people got it allowance. That's why it's funny. Oh, I see. Well, some kids got one. I never forgot what or not. I don't know. I got something. Dilling my classmates. All right. What's wrong with that? Nothing. Well, here you go. All right. I'll guarantee most of these people had a lot more actual when they were in school than they're getting now. They're so they're married. What do you miss most about your childhood? Having no worries, 21. Playing sports, 12. My old neighborhood, eight. Oh, boy. There are no white people in my old neighborhood, do you believe then? And I was years ago, so I'm sure. I don't think there's even any black people learning more. I'm not sure who does that leave left. They're still our own white neighborhood, because it was the redlands. Freedom five. Oh, remember those days when we all felt so free. Can't like we feel like you were a young. Like we've had a gigantic anchor taken off our ass. Oh, God. Can't you all feel it? I feel it's something. Oh, I'm serious. Sometimes I can hear music. What is that? My sweet Lord. Close. Well, what that is, huh? You know, I'm a little catch up here in a second. Oh, happy day. Oh, everyone, Hawkins singers. Right. Oh, happy day. Well, then our real pleasure, Greg. Are you believing me? Anyway, having no worries 25, 24, 12, 9, 10, freedom six going to schools that are work five, free speech five, which is now only a fantasy, a distant memory. Halloween, for, for, can treat them for baseball cards for a bubble gum too. Comic books too. Saturday morning cartoons won. Spanking is one. I told you. Oh, what are I telling you? There's people out there probably joined little spanking and maybe you're still doing a little bad to each other, dealing my classmates, my allowance, no bills to pay. They just went on there for 77 votes. This is one of the best polls. Thanks again, Sean. I don't want to take credit for Sean. Came up for this our poll man. He is the poll. He is the poll expert man. They come and take a vote. Even I'm not going to have lunch with him. Also, here's another one. Somebody's facts in P. Bro, P. Bro is getting a little chronic on a fast machine. That's okay. P. Bro is okay in our book. He says, believing in Sandy Claus. How about putting that on there? Okay. Maybe in Santa Claus and what about believing in God? If you wish. Huh? I don't see what's good about either one of those two. If you wish upon a star, well, I was fond of believing in Sandy Claus for those who did. Weak wink at night. You know, I mean, how stupid could you be? Did you? Spurr. No, of course not. We didn't have a chimney. How about if he come down to chimney when we didn't have one? I like to keep our butt that crap. Keep our run around up there on the roof. You know, looking for the holder jumped down. He couldn't find it. You want both of those on me? What's that? Sandy Claus and go out there? Or are they the same? I think there's a red similarity. There are some of them that I want to go out there. What do I mean, I realize it's a little less to work for you, Mr. High. I just didn't have that thing. That's pretty good. That's a miserable childhood. That's what you, that's your favorite part. When you were believing in Sandy Claus. I did have a miserable childhood, but I've never believed in Sandy Claus. I wasn't. I didn't want that Santa miserable childhood. I thought I'd be thinking about you. I'm just functional. Yes. Well, I can only speak from my own perspective, man. I mean, I'm sure you never believed in Sandy Claus, but then again, you were raising the Catholic church where they knew how to alter boys. That's kind of strange because the Ed Norton plays a 19 year old alter boy in this movie, which is a little bit old, but the father took him off the street. Oh, you just got to the movie. You just got to see it. I can't wait. Am I going after my conversation with our general man? Good. They am like a one line and just the generosity of my heart. Right, Senator. Where do I get an Amazon.com? Yes. Am I just do that? All right. Now, I think you'll enjoy it. And it's one of those movies you'd like to have a pristine DVD copy of it is supposed to some, you know, cheesy cable version. It's good. Cheesy cable. WCU. They know. Yes. The morning, how about the running under the old Johnny pump and it's summertime. The cool yourself off. The old Johnny pump. The old Johnny pump. Yeah. The old pump. The old Johnny pump. Never heard it called that before. I never heard that. Yeah. Yeah. The old Johnny pump. Anybody have the ever seen Johnny pump? Oh, God. No comment. What is that? Pop, pop, pop. Why? Yeah. I wonder what, what would he grew up? Maybe he's the guy from two wag. I was talking to him about him. Oh, man. But we do know what he's talking about though. We do. How old? Yeah. When you'd run around under the pump to get to cool yourself off on a hot summer day. Of course. In the, like, the fire hydrant. No, not a fire hydrant. It was like, I know what he means. It was like a, like a hand pump, like a well, like on the farm. Yeah. Like that. Like that. Kind of like that. With what? The old Johnny pump. You, you've seen it. I've seen it. You've seen it. I'll be kind of just had a real good one. You keep rambling on with this crap and it made me old. What about, um, uh, I don't know. What about the school playground? Okay. No, you don't mis to playground. I do. Well, there you go. How about recesses. Yeah, ma'am. Okay. There's another one, recessed. It's school playground. Yeah, recessed. The playground. No. No. I'm going to go to playground during recess. Of course you did. What do you mean? Of course. Well, did. Yeah. 100 years since I went to school with Eluano about this. There we go. I'm confused. What are we supposed to study Hall? We need work. Research. So, Lincoln, I'm getting confused between recess and study Hall. Did you ever have a study Hall class? Yes. But that would be nice. Right. In high school yet, study Hall. You'd sit around. You'd just stare at all the interesting people you liked. Didn't do any work here. It's good to be doing your homework. But you were sitting around, I ain't everybody else. I would've done that. Why? I sure I'd a lot of people in my high school. I'll tell you that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you've a very carefully though. That's right. Very discreetly. I don't want to tell that story about Jim Park naked in the locker room. Do I? Not again. Well, kill the good time. Oh no. Tell me, do you QAM hello? QAM. Hey, Neil, how are you? Pretty good. When you said the Saturday morning cartoons, I used to love it. I'm sure you remember. And those guy empty graves were these scary movies? Sure. Yeah. I'm not small, they're only people. OK. I was very worried. Will that be under the category of my old neighborhood? Yeah, I guess it would be. Yeah. You guys don't say it then. And you too. Yeah, I don't think everybody's still. But not everybody grew up in a small town. And maybe some people grew up in a neighborhood. Oh, you know something in this movie that I'm trying to pedal to you? Yeah. Ed Norton, he played in the character he plays like a cross between Billy, but the vivid and rain man. Oh, really? He's got the tithom's. Yeah. I'm so tempted. I'm going to ruin the movie for you. Let's not talk about him. I'm just going to get it for you. And then you want to. I'm telling you, I'm telling you, like, I guarantee you, if you know if this movie I'd be shot. All right. And especially the end. Oh, no, don't just assume you know the ending until you get to the very end. I'm going to go, uh, your jaw will drop your, uh, that's toes. Of course, in your case, it's not a long drive. It's probably time for 11 at 5.60. WQAM at Stat Tom and Eurogand. Ladi, you made those new years resolutions this year. You've got the best chance to keep that resolution by losing weight and getting healthy again. Balance for life. Whatever it's an article yesterday in New York Times about diabetes, man, if that doesn't scare the live in daylight's, I'll be in nothing will. And this year, we're going to help the beast on. Get him ready for his wedding day and keep him alive after writing him with the gourmet meals from balance for life. He's getting that black sack here. We did this like you can tune in for daily updates on the beast progress. And maybe somebody will even tell us how he's doing. But seriously, what could be easier than getting three gourmet meals in two delicious snacks delivered every day in at black sack, writes your doorstep at your work at your home wherever you are and still lose weight? One thing about this program, you won't be starving all day. Why would you want to join a gym, fight the traffic, fight the crowds and a gym, follow somebody on a sweating machine, work way for the cardio equipment, and then quit after a few weeks because your first rate is still not losing any weight. So relax this year. You can actually keep that new year's resolution, sign up for balance for life. Get a weekly menu of meal selections and let them do all the work the meals can mark your doorstep like I said. And you absolutely, if you follow the program, you will lose weight like crazy. Sit back and eat gourmet meals as your friends and coworkers are rushing off to the gym and stacking on carrot sticks and rice cakes starving to death. Get with his own with balance for life. Call balance for life now, toll free at 1-866-225-4543. That's 1-866-225-4543 or check them on the web at balanceforlife.com. Don't wait, call balance for life right now. I mentioned me or QAmen get two days free this week. Two days of food free this week, if you call now. 1-866-225-4543. This is meal resolution. This is 5-16-2-8. But I give it a good start. I'm not funny, funny, in here. I don't just keep speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speak. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking Indonesian. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and spoke. I speak and speak children and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speak with my people. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speak speaking and speak. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking in Indonesian. I speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speaking and speak and speaking and speaking and speaking and speaking. I speak and speak and speaking and speaking and speak English and speaking. I speak and speaking and speaking and einené€šems. It's supposed to, yeah, so that you know to get away from it. I see. Hey, good. 1118 at 56, you know, if you haven't got the mole mice to return to a clock to set new and stick around. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. Uh, here's a fashion error that says, who says, firehead wrench were called Johnny pumps. Because in the old days of volunteer fire companies, they'd fight over the hybrid to see we'd get to put out the fire. They'd fight over it. The rookie or the Johnny would be left at the hybrid, he'd have to hook up the hose. Cube. Well, the hose wagon proceeded to the fire. Many of the fighting suit between Johnny's and those had run, stuck to term Johnny pump. I see. And here I thought they were talking about when they were kind of like sprinkling. Like those things you have at the beach, you know? Okay. You know what I'm talking about? Like the, uh, the public showers, the fire. Yeah, it's still like that. But only more crude or versions of them, but anyway, the old Johnny pump. See, we learned something already and who said this is an highly educational show. I see, it feels so enlighten. And what did I tell you about? No bills to pay. I'm not on there for like five seconds. It's already got 13 votes. Having no worries. 45. My old neighborhood, 17. I don't miss that. No. No. Okay, Terrace and Rochester. Man, what a, what a crappy neighborhood. And it was okay. It was, it was only a few blocks from my elementary school. Dear Watson. Number eight school in Rochester. And from Louis cartoon play, a comic book place. I guess I guess those were new stands in those days. I should go, huh? I missed the good old passion news stands. Right. We do your comic books. New papers and your bubble gum and your guards, candy bars, your seek of, right, something like that. We've got a lot of those here. And European cities, you see a lot of those. But not so much in America no more. What was your favorite? Switcher sweets. As a child? Yeah. Well, you're bad. You just, you just, you just, you just, you just, you just, you just, you just, you just, youIn the fifth year you take AIDS. Moore instote. Yeah. Yeah.LSP? Yeah. be honest with you that you like swishers we see okay so I can't smoke and stories no more poor yeah me to because I want to stay alive me to see my more daring younger days I used to really enjoy those but now that I realize that it's not worth it I'd rather have like a big bowl of spaghetti spaghetti over mace you know that we have a big bowl of a tumor yeah no I'm seriously I was going to croak from doing something from a bad habit I'd rather do it with something I enjoy like that as opposed to like smoking I mean smoke and I still be as enjoyable but I don't think can't go with really great food when you agree I would unless of course it's like one goes boy that fed you unless I'm missing something didn't that fed dial fast the whole big cigar thing yeah I don't remember all those steak houses that had the cigar rooms remember that when we hit up bread and bread it went out of business and all of the crap what we hit into a result in his life that time yes we did how how did I ever think that he was good looking man well what was wrong with me then how come I mean is slapped him at the side of the head you try yeah like he looked like frank and said I don't get it but I'll take a good one work well look what look we when he was competing with the net building this is true don't you keep a m-hello yes sir I find everything we were at the spring bread food away it was just like here take a week off for no reason to go to the beach okay thanks a lot thanks pali spring break oh remember that when we had a real spring break in flow right in our passes for spring break now that's he's for both oh yeah we sure don't want anybody coming down to our town if our house and have a good time you know that's one of the things that just thrives me crazy he takes it to the house you know call me what are you laughing about you even know what I'm talking about mr. football you even know what that means what I work in this building don't i oh i see takes it to the house and i'm sure gyste inges that's a wonderful expression i mean i i will admit that i i use it in a different way it's just this morning okay in a football game no no i actually use the well so i'm talking about he takes it to the house oh and then of course that that's right in line with nobody comes into our house and pushes us are oh please you know a home team is getting like a giant together you're getting better like 28 to nothing or whatever nobody comes into our house and pushes us right well maybe on second thought oops it's kind of like that walk off home run with you yeah uh takes into the house my ass for the his idea that you would recuse yourself you're your testimony now is that those that made a comment upon your ethical behavior new as a matter of fact that you had pledged to this committee that you would recuse yourself from the van guard cases professor hazard i know address that directly in his letter i think professor or tundi addressed it in his letter so obviously if the letters address this is a fair of i love was said on the senate questionnaire and the final answer we'll move on is that you saw the name band guard on the briefs and you're not that he has name fan guard on his briefs what does that tell you about this new gay supreme court justice well listen if lord can ever get governor won't have any something we got mark fully in pombie to get congressman and we got uh the uh Charlie Christ for Christ says i'll ask to be the governor and he's going to be our first gay that we know of you know somebody i always liked a lot i give up you want to know why because his most famous song started out down the way where the nights are gay yeah what song was that you make a farewell by whom did carry me on a faulty hey hey Harry was most famous song was vennabos on course but did you make a farewell started out down the way where the nights are gay to make a man the american cigarette active is Terry bellafonte called president bush the greatest terrorist in the world yesterday and said minions are on sunday and said minions of american support the socialist revolution event at the wail and leader he will chavez a bunch of parabas in a two-key about that but as part of the fact of the bust up all his old hearing bellafonte records on rca what's that that we got on a vennabote day or is that called dayo uh we have one about doh hey doh is that it hey doh is that like play doh we don't got one called hey doh you're here well that's the chorus but i forget the name of it it'll go give me a second uh there's due to germ heavens gate benedabos on well how to how would i remember from that i been we are a little bit late on it i'm going to have him gay turn i don't know if you were right under it oh i see like i said this is probably the one say gay gay well we sure got a lot of crap and i don't know what let's go get more come kill all right let's come man be one go that wasn't from my childhood but seven years ago gym Jones and all the cultists who are drinking the poison cool it all of those great things you know that you saw that movie right which was very good what were we was that the one with powers booth about the uh the whole gym Jones law i did not see them really was surely booth in it too i don't know but it was you know historically accurate uh and just put very good and can back to old scary Harry Belafonte who we love his daughter uh these we in dearly you more of me Belafonte led a delegation of Americans including after Danny Glover and the Prince of University scholar Cornell West that meant the venith wail on present of more than six hours like Saturday some in the group attended challenges TV and radio broadcast on Sunday no matter what the greatest power in the world the greatest terrorist in the world George W. Bush says we're here to tell you not hundreds not thousands but millions of American people support your revolution Belafonte told Chavez during the broadcast except of course in South Florida because he's too closely lined with the unmentioned of the unspeakable one the bearded bastered the 78 year old Belafonte famous first club so inspired music they all occluded the day oh song there's this was a close to the river Martin Luther King Jr. and is now goodwill ambassador he's also been out spoke and inquisited the west embargo of Cuba Chavez said he believes deeply in the struggle for justice by blacks both in the west and in the thawela although we may not believe that there continues to be greatest discrimination here against black people Chavez and urging his government to redouble its efforts to prevent discrimination Belafonte accused the west news media falsely painting Chavez is a dictator when in fact he said there is democracy and citizens are optimistic about their future the lowest queta pioneer of the United Farmer-Hers Liber Union also in the delegation called a visit a very deep experience she didn't see how deep is your love Chavez accused his bush to try to overthrow him pointed the intelligence documents released by the west indicating that the CIA knew beforehand that this in an office and it finally short of 2002 coup the west and ice involvement for Chavez is Venezuela must be on guard we stand on guard for the one as Canada I'm sorry well they better stand on guard for Canada with Stephen Harper coming in boys gonna be really they're gonna be sorry but I guess everybody wants to take a shot you know take that little dabble in the far right Belafonte suggested setting up a youth exchange revenge for Venezuela's and Americans he finished by shouting in espioniel Viva la revolution I'd like that but my Spanish really good not I mean something as simple as that I can handle nicely oh you're a lot you will absolutely love I'm gonna get you that movie today for sure great because Stephen Howard doesn't have a big part but when he speaks when he does the punk Spanish stuff it's just I'm telling you you'll really appreciate he's the real deal like in Scarface he actually sounds a good actor he is a good actor he is a good actor and the barcy was very good and a two-bed of god oh well you'll see how ugly he is in this movie this was 96 what year what year could it have been that I met him at the hockey game in the old Miami arena he I had never met this man in my life before but because I was such a big fan of K. Pasey was say in Rocky and you had to get you out of here which was him that'd be like 10 years ago he can't not what the movie is nine years ago no it's more than that you crazy well just I'm low bothered and anyway well maybe he had a lot of makeup in his movie because he looked about 100 years old but he came up and gave me a bear hug like I was his long-lost bass friend I thought to myself holy moly how come we didn't meet sooner 28 past eleven of five sixteen wqm are you in a dead end job and underpaid if you knew his resolution to give yourself a life in a high paying career you better act now pick up the phone call fast train today at one eight six fast train fast train will get you trained already for that new high paying career just a few short months that's correct it's yourself a new high paying career just a few short months the demand for medical coding specialist and computer professionals right now is in an all-time high fast train offers convenient day evening and weekend classes job placement assistance and financially for guys who qualify and gals pick up the phone call fast train toll free at one eight six fast train fast trains placed over a hundred people just like you in 2005 check fast train out of the web at fast train dot com but you better act now to obtain a new high paying career because classes are filling up fast so if you're really sick and tired you're dead and job and working for peanuts and that coffee paycheck you get don't miss the train of opportunity this year future self-alignment a big fat when it goes along with it and paycheck to call one eight six fast train that's one eight six six fast train in this year make the news resolution a reality with fast train this is a real Roger this is five 16 two a watch stall hang this up baby tonight on CNN ABC MSNBC UPN and NBC NBC and the Fox cartoon channel it's hiper sniper media on night lives a double interview Steve from down so you think media high fees interrogated sniper too like sure then on Larry sword control me he's been on this new year The responsible journalism continues when your local action news puts a reporter smack in the middle of all the action. Have you seen the smickery yet? Well, thanks for that report. We'll keep our viewers. I saw that a couple of nights ago on A&E or one of those. What's that sniper of the sniper story? About which one about these other? The DC sniper guys. Okay, that's the most famous one. That punk and his stepdad, or his sugar daddy, whatever that was all over the air. Anyway, chicken egg when you see him tell him thank you so much for this book. I never thought I would even pick up the book, but on a plane trip, so I read it. I'm still not through with it. Welcome foolish mortals, the life and voices of Paul Freeze. Okay. Now you know who the hell that is. Sounds familiar. Who is any of the is anybody else? He was, did all these voices for cartoons. He was a voice band-off. I'm Rocky and Vol. Michael. And the Zillions and Zillions of voices. And he was on Luxury, your theater, Danny Tamishow, many others. Anyway, the forward is written by June 4. She was Natasha. I love her. I had the hot for her. Anyway, go ahead. Let's see William Conrad, who is one of my favorites, that's because he was fat cannon. I would like to have a fat detective. But he was great. He was a gay and gun smoke on a radio. He was mad Dylan. Okay. Not the mat Dylan you're thinking about. Okay. Wasn't that his name mat Dylan? I think so. Dawson Butler, Hans Conrad, I love Hans Conrad too. Bill Scott and Paul Freeze with the book is about in June 4. Is the only one still alive. I didn't like that. She got the one shot and she's still alive. Lisa, I think she is. All of the things to me, maybe she's not still alive because this book is a few years old, a couple years. And it seems to me we just had her open on her. F.O.R.A.Y. June 4. I do a Google on it. But anyway, it's really interesting. I hope you should have a friend. I knew I had Boris and he was somewhere. There you go. Boris Babbinow. Here's Ray, facts, and said you divide chance catch Friday night to new NBC series, the book of Daniel. And how I did not. Third about it. A new series about a drug and did. Yeah, that's the one. I think I've all been out of shape about it. New series about a drug and a drug addiction minister who's drug pushing daughter, his gay son and his brother were law him. Bessel and church's money. All right. Not to mention the two visions where I haven't been a fair one of them is the minister's father, Bradley Reigns from guiding light. Who's Bradley Reigns? I wonder what character he plays. I guess I'll have to look that up now. For some reason, the Christians who all have said about this series, some local NBC affiliates we've used, Aaron, I guess the truth really hurts. If he misaligned Friday, I recommend you give it a look this Friday. It's interesting. Thank you, Ray. The book of Daniel. The perverted book of Daniel. What was a lot of beginning and be gotten into beginning going on? Everybody's getting some. I write about that. There's Ted Kennedy. You have church involved. The former chief federal prosecutor for New Jersey. By the way, but above and I go through all of this, it's really sad because he's going to get him firm. Then we'll be in firm after he gets confirmed. Here's the pull question for today and whatever. And tomorrow, I'll spill this spill over. What are you most about your childhood? You're about 16 votes. Having no worries, 66. This is one of our fine pulls ever. I'm so glad I thought I mean the shantanada. Having no worries, 66. No bills to pay, 27. See that move right in the strong second place, Josh. You have a little faith? Well, 24. 23. My old neighborhood, 22. Freedom, 14. Ah. Saturday morning, cartoons, 13. Now, as freedom as a kid like freedom is in a dollar step, you're old and you're again, and you're in a diet as opposed to getting ready to live your life. Something like that, like retirement. Saturday morning cartoons, 13. Going to school instead of work 11. Hollywood, Tricking Treatment, 7. Facebook, Arizona, 7, come on. Just sniffing at gum, man. I used to get off just sniffing a gum. Spanking six comic books, six free speech by, Fiddling my classmates for. See if I had to live my life over again? Oh boy. Wow. David Jacket do. Hmm. Believe in Sandy closed three. Bubble gum too. Spring break one recess one, my allowance one. Believe in God. None. Maybe that's because we don't have any who believe in them then, and they don't believe in them now. That's our crowd, you know. Even bastards. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Town 5, 60, leave a rise in singular wireless lines. WQAM, hello. QAM. I have to reveal how are you? Good. How you doing? Good. You don't remember Brad. We ran some of the characters, man. That's not an actor. He was deaf-rains his father. No, that's, uh, it goes back to my Alzheimer's too heavy duty for her. Oh, oh, you'll have what she was blonde. She was like, been bald with fell ups and, oh, man, that goes way back. But, if you, you know how old somebody's people are. I mean, granted would make up. They make them all good. If you saw picture of him, you would recognize him right away. Because he's in everything. But like, Beth, she still a sensation about that. She's like, in her mid-50s. Right, but that's not even the original bath. This goes back to like the original bath. Oh, my God. Well, that's like before Jesus was a baby. Yeah. But if you went back to the Papa Bauer days, I bet. No, no, no, no. At least, ma. Me, ma. This only ever said was me, ma. I don't know what that means, but me, ma. I don't go back to that. I go back to like the Rogers store days. Oh, my God. And Rajeev, and this is the only guy to fell off a big cliff like two different times. He still alive. Yeah, but then the act, but then wasn't Richard Zlo. He got really sick. Yeah, that's correct. Yeah, he had like, what's the thing when you get the in a ski that's been by the tick? Oh, oh. Line design. Yeah, he got in touch from line design. Did you know that? No, no, no, no. I thought he had like Parkinson's or something. Yeah, he died. I mean, first they couldn't figure out what he had then come to find out he had line design and he died. Oh, that's wow. Yeah, he's been a graduate store up not that day by now. He's the one who's curious about what I'm thinking that he's gone Sebastian Holtz, what I don't have no idea what that name came from. Whatever happened to him, he got on a plane. He was going to kidnap a little, a little, a little, a little head there, whatever name is and Lizzie. And then he had disappeared. Oh, you know, that's a sofa for you. Yeah, I'm thank God he disappeared. And of course Philip is out there somewhere. We're supposed to forget about that. He's still alive, but I guess the story line didn't go over to big. If he was, if it's the same after it's still flying to the left. Yeah. Yeah. And then he went to him a long time ago. Really? Well, I went on the Saturday night, and like years and years and years and years ago, met, you know, like Justin and he went to Michael. He looks so bad now. He was always kind of gone looking, but it looks like he's taken the skin and stretched it over a skeleton. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, they took all the bones in his head, pro-trude. They try to keep them going and going and go. Yeah. Like the energizer bunny. Have a great day, sweetheart. Love you. Hi. Say how to Beth. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. I'm so much better. Gonna be under wheel of fortune games. I just have to win. Spin the wheel again. Oh, man. Pick me a leather. Oh, man. I love it. Oh, man. Hey. I got a mistake back. Nothing went. And better melon that for him. It's a lot harder. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. You're a meek of play to home games. You think it's for a narrow play. Oh, man. I'm on the wheel of fortune game. I just love that sound. I'm in the corner round. Hey, banana. Pick me a leather. Oh, the turn. Hey, that's losing. I'm a meek of play to no one doesn't know any better. I dream of all you all right. I'm a loser over hand. I know you can stare by who wearing underwear. Not for me to say. Anyway. I don't care how much money I got to spend. Can't stand to lose. Can't pass stage. Can't go again. Won't throw in the towel. Still alive by your powers. Oh, banana. Pick me a leather. Please, banana. Pick me a leather. All right. I'm ready to pick ready. Every ticket. Every ticket. You can get a number of people. I think it's up to you and find me. That's your cover, man. All right. I think it's over. The blender, the microwave, the refrigerator. Hey, man. What do you mean? 500 dollars for a black and white five and quarter for TV. You got a big drop, man. My brother will not forget for your whole sales. Give me the money. I'll buy the TV. They're mad. All right. Hey, man. Come on, baby. 50, 7. What do I tell you? Yeah. He's got ancient feet. That's that I didn't give away. What are the ones? Wait till we get to see past feet. Oh, no. He's a... He's a man. He can imagine all the toad jam in there. Controversial lobby is said close contact with the bush team. The president signed on to the executive branch health construed the title 10 and division A. In president Bush's first 10 month, I want to give you a little flavor of the Elito hearings. In the first 10 months, the U.P. fundraiser Jackay Bermoff and his loving team log nearly 200 contacts with the new administration as they press for friendly hires at federal agencies and sought to keep the Northern Maryana Islands exempt from the minimum wage and other laws record show. The meetings between the A.B. Moss lobbying team and the administration range from attorney general John Ascroft to policy advisors and Dick Cheney's office according to his lobbying firm Bill and records. A.B. Moss, while we know he's under investigation in addition to the A.B. Moss lobbying colleagues on the Maryana's one political department's inside federal agencies. Our standing with the new administration promises to be solid as several friends of the CNMI Islands will soon be taking high ranking positions of the administration, including within the interior department, A.B. Moss wrote in January 2001 letter that which he persuaded the island government to follow him as a client who was new lobbying from Greenberg Trial rig. The reception A.B. Moss team received from the Bush administration was in stark contrast to the chilly relations of the Clinton years. A.B. Moss then at the press in gates for him scored few meetings with Clinton's and lobbyist and the islands vehemently opposed White House attempts to extend U.S. labor laws to the territories clothing factories. I wonder what can't he leave thinks about that. The records were made from a loss firm obtained by the Associated Press from the Maryana's under an open record request. Chronicle A.B. Moss's careful cultivation of relations with Bush's political team as far back as 1997. In that year, A.B. Moss changed charged in Maryana's for getting then Texas Governor George Bush to write letter expressing support for the Pacific territory school choice proposal is building record show. I hope you'll keep my office informed on the progress of the country's current July 1897. Let her praising the island's school plan in copying in an A.B. Moss deputy. As for the number of A.B. Moss lobbying team contact with Bush officials documented the building records, White House spokesman Aaron Healy said, we don't know how he defines contacts. Andrew Blom, a spokesman for A.B. Moss to climb comment. The Greenberg Trial rig former A.B. Moss worked between Lee 2000-2004 is investigating A.B. Moss working cooperating with German investigations. How do you like that? I contact with all the Bush crowd. What a surprise, huh? Stockard. What a shock. Birds of a feather rock crooked together. Here's this Michael Zanzlo business. Do we really care about this? I also the first red. What is it? Red shirt? To die on search wreck. Does anyone says red shirt? I guess. Yes. Red shirt. What is that? Never heard of it. The red shirts were the people that always got bumped off and start track. Wow, he was Roger Thorpe on guy. He died. When George was out at midnight he was with line physics. Why did he have to clear Irish technologies? Arbond and again he grew up. Wr Wouldn't tell everybody, a bunch of commonÃªu dns did abwich on TV. He's the last winer of a line this is the dot. He's a black field. They won. It's all clear. They strong and you've got one boat. that's been your run on a drop in the assignments on a mariana, the energy, these rich people extremely rich. All they want to do is write the four and keep them down and just, you know, give them those tax cuts, so our children can pay for it. Just make me sick. It's all needed about if you trust our student height 9 to 11 and about the offshore, the so-called offices of Halle Burton, so that they can subvert the law and do business with a reign and do whatever they want. And there's nothing there but like a peo box. There's a sham in a scam and a dog doesn't care. Right, they don't have to pay taxes. I mean, something on news about a couple of months ago, it's 10, 80% of the taxes, 50 years ago, or paid by corporations, now it's the other way around. You know, 80% of the money. And it's just, the corporations are like the, the oldest country, you know, it does make me mad. All right, later. Good luck, you pal. I'll look for you at the border. Okay, we'll keep it. I will keep the, I'll load quite frankly, if they put Stephen Harper in here, it ain't gonna be too much better. Because he'll take him back 50 years. He'll try his best on do whatever progress they may, which is a lot, you know. How he could be like many points ahead in Ontario, which is so liberal. Only second to call back in, of course, Quebec is a non-factive because they got their own party there. They could look like, wow. How do you like that? The what? They could look like, wow. I see. Yeah, he'll do step. He was in the debate last night. He's the hot shots from Quebec. He's the one running for a prime minister on the block. And of course, they don't get any votes outside of Quebec, but he keeps referring to it as a Canada and Quebec. It's not Quebec. Oh yeah, Quebec is a nation. They kept a triting Paul Martin. He won't refer to it as a nation. And it's not just disgusting. And Paul Martin, who of course is at Quebec or Quebec or himself, you don't have to ball the telame of blow it out your ass, okay? Either get with a program or go ahead and succeed. Will a pack you, will pack you smoke meat sandwich, eh? God, it's a, you know, politics all over the world sucks. It's just a much of curse like that I just said, you know. So you do the best you can. That's all you can do, baby. Do the best you can and grab whatever graph you can and I said, how come we never get any? I have to talk to a job out there about getting some graphs. Get some graph, man. Kick back a little bit. Right. Even if it's only Steppy Grant, right? Hop on board. I'm so sick and tear those tennis players, you know? I avoid them quite easily. No, you don't avoid that one, which one? Oh, that one. Oh, wow. What are you most most about your childhood. We're asking this. Pull today on a fabulous pool, 280 votes. Having no worries, 89. No bills to pay 34. Tying sports, 33. Without a jox strap. All in school, we had a word jox trip. I do remember that. And then Jim Park was in a locker room that one day didn't have any. Well, my old neighborhood, I guess. I got a third man. He had something. Saturday morning, car, two and 17, freedom 16. Going to school instead of work 14, spanking Zade. Baseball cars, eight, Halloween trick and treat in seven. Didling my classmates six comic books six free speech six believing in Sandy Clause four spring break three bubblegum two recess one believing in God one and my allowance, solum and thino, much of cheap skate parents. This is Neil Rogers. This is five 62. There go me, Mr. Boots. And I've lived in it. It's well awarded out. We're about 10 years too late. Yes, that's been things were great. Thinkin' was friends with Ben. Oh, say it was in a sense. But we can still see friends. And thinkin' the same but it's fairly at an internet. And there was no spam game. Never heard about been lightning. Was there was always in love like we still care about the gun. And none of that thinking parents. And all that great news is that days could take your things like different systems God don't stop. No, I don't know. I'd like no issues. Or Louie, that granny was a cuteie there with a land this morning. And Julia's put her mind up into fuzzies. We're snatching the Beatles' driving passion. But nothing quite feels right since 1919. 1919, but... 1919. 1919. You know the riots. And with dates they beat the piss of great dates. We still have some easers. But also there was winter and we had so steep. Be audience. Yes, he was Christopher Gockens. I wonder, is she survive fast? 19. 1995. Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Two thousand four years back. Next year we'll have more love. I can see it now. I've been so pure Matt down. I've even fired a cure for that gun like we're more. When you feel your SUV, that cash will all be free. You and I must cut your taxes. Demons will still go down. Dan Ratter will not use taxes. O summa will be found. I know there will be peace throughout the Middle East. All peaceful graduate way can clear out. Will be so straight, please let it be great years. I sure hated this year. Don't be four stars, elections. And no more flu infections. Be guilty, we'll be cleaners. And star jumps will be leaner. Let's all look up. The bright side is two thousand five. Come on, too. And of course people might say, well, you know, all this talk about the ancient past like living in the past. Well, you know what a bush crowd in there. You're going to get used to it. That's right. The good olden days. That's right. They turned the clock back 50 years. In fact, pretty soon, you dark folks won't be able to vote at all. Maybe as soon as this fall and get away from that water fountain. And again, away from that Johnny pump. Well, that's what we're going to have separate dark and plated fire headwinds for the dark colored folks for the John, their own Johnny pumps will pay the black. Right. I don't see lenses. How about my purse being young and healthy? Isn't that nice? Yeah, I think I'm healthy. What? So we'll put it on there. So does Josh gets back in the room. We'll write down the needle. Don't tell me, is, have a defu come in? Oh, that's where he's, uh, how do we get the fuck? I'm glad he's got his priorities in order. Just like everybody else that ever worked on, he's show food. Who's kind of switched on the mirror Roger show? There's no mistake about that. Get in the free food. Which I'm sure he's also got that Magnolia DVD. That's right. Now, if he watches that and A falls asleep in the middle of it, which it is very long or B watches the whole thing and it tells me it's suck. It's just going to be devastating. I'll tell him to lie. No, I don't tell him. I don't want him to lie. There it is. He's holding it in his hand in the movie too. How about that? And if he moves around under his armpit. I get that food in here. Quick boy. I'm polishing as they say in Ireland. 560, 560, pound 560 in the rise in singular wireless line man. We got like a lute and our, uh, and our, it's a, killed. A lute and our killed. Did everyone those? Not lately. No seriously. It's like, uh, it's just, it's like we've been born again. Baby, it's born again. QAM. Now, maybe I'm getting a little bit too carried away. But for everybody who's coming in, you notice. You notice how everybody is hopping to member hopsing. Right? From banana. Or that was surely was that was banana? No, is that a guy's neighbor something you do? And now we got, uh, we're hopping to because, uh, like, parents this morning. I talked about those two pieces of copy of me. And before you could, like, even fart all of a sudden. I would like to replace them and copy came in. Just like it always does. Are you planning to know happy day again? I like that song by the way. Everyone how stingers. Since they're so much great. It must be just coming out of the atmosphere. Oh, it's coming from the Lord. I'm right. I'm happy to hear that. Good evening here tonight. Talk to you out. How do you like that? Did it by Theo use the floor? Last timing, baby. You just speed your way to a death with Stevie Wonder told me. Okay, killer. Give it to QAM. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. No, boy. Where do I begin when I'm missing childhood? But I would have to say, I'm this freedom from aches and pains. You know, he's a run around and playing the playground. You wouldn't hurt him. No, that's for him. Last time. Yeah, I'm no pain. No pain. It's no aches and pains. Right. And remember from move in of no jowl's gut, some get no. Who had the jowls? I do. Everyone. Okay. You like it. Don't just don't forget bad. Yes. When you stick to the new guy, please remind him about those sparse sounds. Because we're a mature adult out here. We want our fart back. Okay. Well, even little kids for it. So I'll have to remind him of that. Okay. Thanks a lot. Work out of your jowls. Five, six, six, six. Of course, my mother actually went more concerned about bowels than jowls. But that's an mystery. You think it just coincides in some of my mother's initials were M.B., which Vangu is of course as B.M. It must have been. And I don't think there was no coincidence. No, I'll be honest. Just obsessed. Oh my god. Talk about a magnificent obsession. What she wouldn't have given for just before she finally met her maker. Just one good explosive well. Have any Q.A.M. hello? Q.A.M. Hi, Leo. Yes, I am. Hi, Leo. Some of my patients get your lift. Okay. Okay. Okay. All the way there's now to make it so short. You can barely, it's like a blip. I'm still taking. Okay. Thanks. Yes. Okay. I know I'm on your two years. Hey, agree with most of the people you hate on TV. Uh-huh. But I want to know if there's anybody who likes for no global news. But I'm not going to watch. Uh, local news and software right now. Yes, there anybody watching? No, absolutely not. What's the letter of all the evil? Uh, there is nanny. I'm serious. I'm serious. I keep threatening to turn off Channel 4 when I'm near you. And I can't do it because he's the rest of the rest of the rest of the band. All right. Well, if you think of anybody, let me know. Okay. Good luck. How about Angela Ray? She's good for a few last. Good old Angela Ray. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. All those miners who are dead. Ha ha ha ha ha. She is just a son who is, you know what? How many minutes did she last in New York? I turned him in. Is there almost as long as Mr. Ego? You will be pleased to know the gave her a chair with a back on it so that she don't fall over backwards. You guys are really funny. I want you to say something funny because you're my parents and dad. Do something funny. Hurry up. I'm waiting. Do something funny. You're my dad and dad. Come on, dancing dad. Wow. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 6, leave a rise and see it around us. What is it? There's a new one to add to our list. See, yesterday was all old, stale crab. But there's something new and exciting. We can move forward to, I'm sure just about every day. For a week or two until somebody, yeah. Put some out of his misery until he finds that Johnny pump. WDQAM. Hello. I have some personality. And what I told yesterday. Yeah. Bye bye. It was a little bit. There's a little bit. And that sound no more. In the 50 years that Grant Goodman is known and corresponded with a colleague in the Philippines. He's never had any reason to suspect that their friendship was anything but spectacularly ordinary. But now he believes that the relationship was somehow sparked the interest of the Department of Homeland Security and the agency to place him under surveillance. Last month, Goodman and a one year old 81 year old retired university of Kansas history professor received the letter from the screen in the Philippines. It had been opened and received with a strip of dark green tape varying the words by border protection and carrying the official homeland security seal. I had no idea Homeland Security would open personal letters. Goodman told MSNBC in a phone interview. That's why I learned it in media. I thought it should be known publicly that this is the Lungani said. Goodman originally showed letter to his own local newspaper that Kansas based Lawrence's journal world. I was shocked and there was a certain degree of disbelief in the beginning. Goodman said, well you noticed the letter had been tampered with adding that he felt as privacy being invaded. I think I must be under some kind of surveillance CBC. Goodman is no stranger to male snooping as an officer during WWII. He was responsible for reading all outgoing male of a men in his command and censoring any passengers that might provide clues as to his unit's position. Do you know what your unit's position is? But we didn't do it as cumceley as they've done. I can tell you that goodman noted with no small amount of irony in his voice, isn't that funny that this doesn't appear to be any kind of suraptitious ever to hear he said? The letter comes from a retired Filipino history professor, Goodman declined to identify her. And although the Philippines's only was governments where our screen is a potential spawning ground for Muslim-related terrorism, Goodman said his friend is a devout Catholic and not given the supporting such causes. They don't even go to the hodge. No? Can you tell me what that is? He's not Israeli? What Indiana, can I say? I will say that. They're also up into the hodge. All Muslims that got to go to do that once in their lifetime. Otherwise they're not going to get to 85,000 versions. I do know this once you've gone to the hodge. Yes, they get to call you Haji. Is the hodge like the Taj Mahal? A spokesman for the customs and border protection division said he couldn't speak directly to Goodman's case, but it knows that the agents he can't will undoes open mail coming to the US citizens that originates from a foreign country, whenever it's deemed necessary, phone calls, letters, all of these. And all mail originating outside the US custom territory. That's to be delivered inside the US custom territory. So I've got customs and examination said, I want to hear from Canada to a, that includes personal correspondence. The other is if somebody was to send me some cough drops, they probably wouldn't get here. Probably not. The Paul mail means all mail said John Mohan, a CBP spokesman for sizing the point. All mail means all mail. The process isn't something we're trying to hide. He said, in order to wording on the agency's website, we've had this authority since before the Department of Homeland Security was created. He said, hi, ever. Mohan declined to allow a criteria used to determine what a piece of a personal correspondence should be open, but said obviously it's a security related criteria. Mohan also declined to say how often we're in one volume CBP might be opening mail. All I can really say is that customs and border protection does undertake opening mail. When it's deemed to be necessary, another is whenever they feel like it. All I'm going to add, there's one for that George Rodriguez, well we know he's a subversive, speaks, so we're going to like to open up your mail. That's right. Now, in fact, open up some of our bills and why you're at a pay-a-few. That'd be nice. No, it'd be a good idea. How's the little he's coming? Did you see this Sherry has the responsibility? Better move, but I'm up. It's 12 minutes after noon and 5.60. We've got a Howard David pregame show. We've got more for two hours and we've got the mad dog for three solid four to seven. Y'all be a seven or clock tonight. I'll put the filter on your radio speaker and then the 80K-10. Resolve yourself to get a stupid tennis night's sleep every night in 2006 by making one easy call. 1-800 mattress. Nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health well-being and productivity than a good night's sleep. And you get one as soon as the night. If you make that one easy call right now, dial a mattress, 1-800 mattress. If your mattress is more than 10 years old, I'll just about paid anybody's life on it if that it's Sagon, lumpy time to get rid of it and give you a new one. To do something complete line of silly, sort of, Simmons King Crore of temperament experience that I know is possible when you call dial a mattress. They take same the orders all day long from kettle to sewer from Palm Beach to Ford Myers. And like they've been doing for years, they still let you pick the convenient time when it's so good for you. When you're going to be home, the date and two hour deliver when you want that mattress. They show up 99.7% of the time on time. I've been using them for years and years and most of the full 6-U.M. Archets you know I'm two and give them their new mattresses from dial a mattress. So start the new year off right with a great new mattress from dial a mattress. Don't put off getting a better night's sleep no longer. Pick up that phone right now and call them toll free at 1-800 mattress. 1-800 mattress around the wicked web it's mattress.com. Dial a mattress that only smart way to get you a great night's sleep. 1-800-MATT-R-E-S-Leo-Off the last S-B-Cos it stands for Stu-Pender Saving. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62-A-F-A. Stay in my every town of the movie at 5-6-O-W-U-A. I want to talk today about why we went into Iraq, why we stayed in Iraq, and why we cannot and will not leave Iraq for generations to come. It is because of oil. As president, I'm responsible for the decision to go into Iraq. At any point along the way, I've could have avoided war. So we must let the American people in rightly so. Station Iraq are high because of oil. We will not leave until victory has been achieved. I got bless you all. Don't get upset all start staying. I'm going to be a big money and argue guys have been there. Remember that scene on the 9-11? Yeah, people are going to die, but we're going to make it. But you know, on the sad part of that is there's going to be a lot of money to be made. We're all going to be there, hoping to have our own Jew, right? All of the bad news is the Kurds got there first. What are you most about your childhood? Having nowhere, I'm not actually the arsonist got there first and then the Kurds. Having nowhere is a hundred and nine. All carefree life, man. Oh, of course not everybody had that kind of a childhood. Right, right. Foster children, sure, abandoned children. A few children. Rock the house of parents, right? All of these, uh, all of these things. No bills to pay 43, plain sports 40. Oh, yeah. I owe neighborhood 35. Saturday morning cartoons 21, which means one thing to some people and also old movies means, like actually at the movie theater, Saturday morning cartoons and cereals. I'm not talking about breakfast cereals. I'm talking about movie cereals. Like what's the one that I absolutely love? Which there's a channel here that every periodically shows them all, like one after the other. Captain, uh, I used to call them rocketman, but that's not the name of the, what is it? Commander Cody, Commander Cody, not Commander. Commander Cody in the, uh, one. A little bit of a man, Google it. What, what does that actually call? Commander Cody and the, uh, something of, uh, any of that, that Funky space, who said he were, he was one of the frontliest looking guys for a hero, you know, but he put on that space with a little dial on it, looks like an old-fashioned radio dial. And all of us in he had that helmet. And we're there. You've got incorrect to say brief overview. The, the site that I'm on right now. A brief overview of Commander Cody, aka rocketman. Oh really? Well, maybe that's what they called it in the theater, maybe we would say, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock. You're a large group of universe. Right. Did you ever see it? I've seen the, uh, the old, um, you know, footage reviled right. All right. It was, uh, so camp man, he had, you know, just a front-field guy, but, uh, we called up old, I know this guy. I thought, like, a coffee canner is head. That's, that's rocketman. Looks like a percolator. Anyway, we had those cereals and, of course, they would leave you hanging, and you had to come back the next Saturday and they, they only lasted 15 minutes. It's, like, once upon a time, the routine shows, I know this comes to the great shock, but since that lady started to soap out for think, uh, I think riding light was one of them, not sure, but there were soap operas there were for 15 minutes. Now, can you imagine, then they went to 30, thought, turn me and, uh, most of an hour and hour. Now, what's the one that's still 30 to one at your wife likes, so that ridges at horrible, the bold and the bold and grossest. Oh, that's all I got like three characters in it. Pretty much. Anyway, no bills to pay 44, thanks for 41. My old neighborhood 35 missed the old hood, not. Miss the old, uh, neighborhood in Brighton, no, that was too bad. So for all those catlicks, he used to beat me up. Saturday morning, car tools, 21, freedom 20, go to school, and say, go to work 20. Facebook cards 12, delete my classmates 10. Spanking's eight. Wow. That is great. Eight. Halloween trick and treat me free speed 7, summer vacation six, comic book six, spring break four, believe it in Sandy Clos, four, when we were young and foolish, and they lied to us about Santa Claus, the two fairy, God, Jesus, all this crap, a bubble gum, three, my parents being healthy, one, recess, one, believing in God, one, and my allowance, still settlement the uno, most people are real cheap parents. You know, I remember this is going to sound really strange. The one of the things I remember from my childhood, I think of my cousin and I, or maybe a friend of mine and I, we used to go around, we'd like a little pale. Okay. No, I'm, I'm serious. And for so long. For pale, uh, pasty face. Okay. For some reason in our neighborhood, there were places where people had, like, I mean, I've ever heard of people bearing money in the ground, but we had a couple of spots where we knew there was, like, all those chains, like, quarters and half dollars and so her dollars and we would like go around and find money in the ground. Don't ask me how, and I'm not making that up, but it's true. Okay. What was that all about? Well, what people doing sticking a bunch of money in the ground? Maybe there were pedophiles, hope, and children would come to try to dig it up. Is that what I don't know? I've never heard of Santa Claus. I'm just telling you, just like the time I found it was 15 or 20 bucks on the ground, uh, by right by the curb and, uh, my and me being. That's what that story. I don't think it was 15. I think it was like 11 or 12 bucks, but it's just how bought me a nice last day. Maybe it was eight bucks. There might have been it. What are the odds of that, though? You know, or ATM card isn't working with it. At that time was the flagship bank. I'm Washington Avenue. It was out of order of the ATM. They become those days. It was like there was an ATM, our every street corner. If you're bank ATM didn't work for get about it, you weren't going to get an okay. And so I was going to go hungry. I was going to have to go back to my little tiny apartment on the beach over there. And he'd like, uh, whatever. Scraps. And here's the 11 or 12 bucks. Like I think it was a two fives and a one or two fives and two ones. And then of course, I totally that time that I found the 80 bucks outside the door. Am I building here? Remember that? Mm-hmm. Well, what's that all about? I think instead of wasting my time here, I had to be just looking for money. Sure. So what's that thing that's people use to go to the beach and use that like, uh, the sector I would just say. Yeah, metal detector. Right. You have beach cober. Yeah. Get you your shovel. I'm going over to the country. Right now. I'm combing the beach and cruise the beach. Get the sun down. Why not? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. It's like pan and for gold. Right? Very similar. I know some guys were like, oh, don't don't don't. Higgin for gold. W 2 a.m. Hello. I'm a personality. Keep it up. Just keep it up because I think no man. The relevant man. Hey, it really is. You're right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 6, 10, leave a rise and sing it around this line. W 2 a.m. Hello. Me, sir. We used to take the corners and glue them down to the concrete in front of the, uh, pharmacy. That was always fine. Uh, yeah. All right. That was right before he hit his first level of bottoming. Are we at it? That's the pole. I'm kidding. Hello. My belt's coming for me. Which they do? Where should I? W 2 a.m. Hello. Yes, sir. I think it was the edge of night. There was like 15, 19 minutes. No, I don't think so. I think that was an half an hour. It was on, uh, just before the secret storm. I was first for tomorrow. That was also 15 minutes. I think that was on a 12, 13, 12, 45 was guiding light. That's those are the two. You know what I meant, throwing snowballs. Okay. Good one. Thanks. Thanks, pal. Of course in Florida we probably won't get that many. All the most of you are transplanted from some, uh, from the, from the someplace. Throw snowballs. That's a good one. I'm going to bunch of all. Whatever. And in South Florida, they just threw lots of balls in Boca. All those old coots. Oh, do, do, do, do, do. Okay. How about that? Vanna and Pet is that a real, we never, we never, we need, uh, nobody would have known. Who the fuck are they saying? Huh? I'd have really, well, I mean, just, uh, you stop and think about, like, Bob Barker, I'm actually at least 140. Right. How old did you say he is? I'll say 82. Okay. I was going to say 80 something low. Yeah. Look at the Google ad. Google old Bob and his wife here. WQAM. Hello. Uh, me, oh, yes, sir. Oh, uh, I get, I got a spiring portion. Uh, the bush might come into town, uh, tomorrow, up here in Palm Beach. Oh, my, guys. Staying at the colony hotel. I'll be damned. I'll be damned. I go with Galileo and try to. Okay. Well, good luck to you folks. Maybe you can go convince all those Jews that over for Pet, be cannon that he was a better choice. 20 out of 0. I'm going to party 19, 23. So he's 82. I'll December, though. So what did I just say though? 82. 82. Well, have a 82 in December. Good guess. Don't look at day over 81. I'll say that as matter, Freak. He's not. Spring chick. He's okay. I don't know. I mean, he's got that, uh, whatever. He's got his issues, but he's all right. I like that show. And that's sure. I think that once he croaks it aside, finally, you know, I think that's the end of that show. I mean, he's replacing the glasses on there because they keep cropping, you know, right, Johnny Olsen, Rob Rodney. Hey, Rod, but he keep going to Thailand. So you know, they'll try to well re-incarne it somehow. Yeah, but I won't work. Just, just like family few, when I was home, oh, oh, they got a family feud on there. Now, who's the host on that? And that's fat face guy with a beard. I don't know what he's eating. We're going to be in the house. Oh, no, no, Louis Anderson was in the room. He was like, I'm from about five minutes, and I'll go to new guys, even more. That makes you jones for Louis Anderson. Oh, come on, Ray, Ray Coleman. We want him back. I guess he had a nasty divorce, but then it was a reason. Somebody was talking about that. Well, yeah, you read this story. Somebody texted it or something. And what was it? Uh, he was Catholic. He thought he was going to be the next Johnny Carson Ray Coleman. He thought he was just his hysterical, uh, great personality. And of course, and not only that, but on family feud, a lot of people were pissed off because they missed Richard Dawson. Much of a drunken and coherent and e-consistency was. Uh, yeah, but I thought it was okay with Ray Coleman. He was fine. Yeah, fine. Far back. I say, bring him back. You better than a guy to go on now. Oh, you haven't seen the family feud guy now? No. Oh, my God. He is. So, you know, you know how there are shows that if they don't have the right. It's like it's like we look fortune. I'm telling you, when Chuck Swillerie was hosting that show a Daniel went off the year. Murphy Griffin was like a pick and dingo berries. He was off said, and then they finally have brought in patent vana. And they're still there. They don't do much, but at least they don't, at least they don't chase you away like Chuck Swillerie. He is just an evil girl. What was the other show he was on? One of those dating shows that was a newlywed I think. No, that was, that was Bob, but you banks know he was on love connection. That's what I'm like that. Lovely. Love concoction. The host is Richard Karn, which is the guy from home improvement. Oh, that's all. He was the unfunny guy at home improvement. Yeah, and if you thought he was unfunny on air, you ought to see how unfunny he is on family feud. Man, 27 pass note at five 60 WMits that haven't even again for you to keep up that new year's resolution. This year you got the best chance to keep the await losing resolution and get healthy again because balance for life is waiting for you. This year we're going to help the beast up getting ready for his wedding day providing with him gourmet meals from, we're giving him the gift of life from balance for life. We're going to keep his fat ass alive. What could be easier than getting that black sack delivered right here to every day and losing the weight watching the weight fall off your fat body? You get three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks delivered every day right to the door. Step and you still lose weight and every week they send you a menu and you pick out your own choices for each year we have meal every snack and they do all the work. The meals come right to your door and you lose weight like crazy. So sit back and eat gourmet meals as your friends and co-workers are rushing off to the gym, snacking on carrots, takes and rice, taste and just a little bit of food. Just starving to that while you have a big fat poop at your feet, it's still losing weight. Get in the zone with balance for life column now at 1-866-225-4543. That's 86-225-4543 around the way that's balance for life.com. Don't wait if you really want to make that new year's resolution reality this year and stay alive. Call balance for life. Now mention me or QAmen get two free days of food this week. 1-866-225-4543. This is meal resolution. This is 5-16-225. In the current... Yeah, well how did it go? It's two days. Have a lot of hours. There is it one thing. I don't know. It's the test of the night, but it's again. Yeah, so today we're not going to talk about anything that happened on the show to proceed to me. So they call me here and call me both. They name me, Moll. Understand? It's 4-5-6-7. Now I'm with the droning moron ex-sports. Do you have that actuality tuned up in it? I got everybody in the organization gave a hundred percent after spending the evening with transvestite, hookers and say give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball. Okay, his driving has held the ball, we got served. He's a king. He's a king. You don't beat the king. He's famous. Sports royals, hey, I tell you. Yeah, what do you say to a king? Who is this? You're going to run king. What? You're right. I'm Larry King. He's a 10 minute children. We're approaching 3,000 dead troops in Iraq. Someone can't afford to drive. And the president is having someone reach a female to him. So joining me tonight will be the remade of homini bingo. Was it read a king? I know. I'm sorry. Got him now. All right. There's your piece. You know who's this? Steven King. Oh, Steven King. Yeah. Well, you don't scare me. I don't. No. Boop. Boop. Boop. Help. Can we offer a set of land? Why did you put a chance of land in this studio in the first place? I wanted a place to look for like when it's a question. I never know for him. Looks like I don't have to. So 34, if you ever remember that movie, I planed to sing to you. And was pretty good. And remember the ending? Yes. A dead woman dressed in white was positioned in a chair in front of a television set for two and a half years. Because she told her caregiver, she didn't want to be buried in Planned of return to corner so this is insane. I'm a rat back. Don't show my body when I'm dead. the court and the doctor Odello and said, Monday, describing, Johannes's poof solutions, don't bury me. I'm coming back. Poof 61.org is 29, 2003. Her caretaker in friend whose name hasn't been released, left the woman upstairs in the home with a TV and air conditioning on while the body slowly decayed and mummified authorities said, oh, she could be one of those mummers now. Or, Humber, remember that how much for a mummer? Some family members continue to live downstairs in a house since her death. Police went to the house last Wednesday to relative Wednesdays in a pope in two and a half years called them, they found a staircase behind a door blocked by a basket and climbed to the second floor where they found the body. The staircase was blocked by a basket. Cut a basket. Oh, I don't know, but there was a little dog at the bottom of the stairs, you know, with the dog head. It puts the large in the basket. Right. Probably need to keep the body like. Anyway, standing outside one could smell death, oh, and said, they could smell death. Death and so death. Oh, and said, he had not to turn into cousin if the found no sense of abuse or foul play. Authorities over the term were the many clowns who are committed, but Owen said, yeah, the care taken family members apparently didn't benefit in any way by keeping Pope. I've keep into body. Kind of like Tony Perkins were elected a lot. How can they say they didn't benefit? What a conversation piece. Yeah, exactly like that turd that tow yard turd. Here is the fact that this is a really good one. Boy, I, you know, something pinball machines. This still around. Are they? Oh, yeah. That's one of my favorites. Sure. If there's a, you know, I never, I'm for whatever reason. I never got to play very much. There was a at Roseland Park in Canon, Digwin, New York, where I went to high school. They had various games. They had pinball machines there. But back in those days, I don't think we had like all of your kids like to have today. Right. Well, they still have them, and they're still making them and some of them are quite elaborate. They'll be good. I love pinball machines. There's so much freaking fun. I came in. And that's one of, you know, put that down on my chains my vote. All right. And the thing I miss is I wish you I had the chance to do it all again. We said, did I win my classmates? I would love to have played a lot more pinball. Which should I put arcade games in general? No, pinball machines, man. Okay. But my machine. That has been good with you during my Orlando, Miss Adventure that I told you about the McDonald's. Right. With the game room and the arcade had many pinball machines. Oh. Some new ones. Oh, you'll be pleased to know. Maybe that's one of the reasons instead of these violent video games. And so it is gangster rap. Maybe we ought to have today's kids playing a lot more pinball machines. Did you have a favorite themed one or something? No. Favorite themed one? Well, they made pinball machines out of the box. I like to naked tab 101 myself. All right. Because I want to shoot to ball and tansman. They had to play boy pin machine to Charlie's Angels pinball machine. Well, that's after me. They saw the basic and simple. You know, we didn't have nothing to do with it. But I went back and I'm going to use it. Huh? They had baseball themed ones. The flippers look like bats, you know, and the really the player area look like a diamond. I'll be damned. Also, we had the table hockey game in front of mine. I used to play it all the time. Oh, the like, yeah, table top now. The wooden kind? Wouldn't. Wouldn't you? The players were like, you control each player. Like little metallic players. Oh, like, food ball. Yeah, kind of like exactly. I love you. You used to play it for hours and hours. I'll kick your ass at food ball. In academic panel, investigating the worth of South Korean researcher Fang Wu's suck said Tuesday, he's suck. Oh, no, they said he fabricated data to support his claim that he called human embryos and extracted stem cells from them, campingly spectacular follow-man. What's lot of it is a pioneer? What an idiot, huh? Well, what kind of a jackass does that? The latest revelation by soul and national university panel was another disappointment to scientists and patients who like planes claim of a cloning breakthrough had offered hope to million suffering from paralysis and debilitating diseases, such as Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and AIDS. The same panel concluded last month at flying, falsely claimed in 2005 to develop the 11 stem cell lines tailored to specific patients. Wind did not have any proof to show that cloned embryo understand cells were ever created to panel send to report. The spewed in the central claims in the wings, 2004, people in the paper in the journal science. In the paper, why say the occult to human embryo understracted stem cells from it? But the university can't stop whether an embryo was cloned saying there's a high possibility it could have merely been a mutated egg which could appear to have similar qualities of an embryo. The 2004 paper was written on fabricated data to show that the stem cells matched the DNA of the provider, although he did not. The panel says, however, here's the good news. The panel upheld by his claim last year to equate to the world's first cloned dog and afghan, how name snuffy? Really ugly, too. Afghan hans are ugly to be human. You like afghan hans? That particular? No. The journal nature which fellas finds cloned dog article said that a preliminary results from its independence also showed snuffy was indeed a cloned. That achievement wasn't regarded as important as a cloning of human embryos though because various animals are ready to be cloned. Hello, Dali, and all of that crap. The university condemned the fabrication said they should be punished. This conduct cannot be just seen as an act of fools, the whole scientific community and the public in the report said, just based on the facts of the fabrications that have been disclosed, the penalty has to be severe as in what have been like that. Hang as ass. What do you say? All right, twice. After the break, I want to do a square about the toxic pet food. That is, that is just so pathetic, you know? Did you see it on the news at all? No. And somebody's golden retrieved at two golden. One of the younger ones, she was only four years old. She died and the other one they had like do all kinds of massive love but they saved the older one. Anybody who would kill a golden retriever, well, I'm ameralized as an accident but the company. They ought to be there right there when they're researcher that's hung in it. That's suck guy because they suck. Don't you agree? Yeah, so I'm going to say right now, anybody who's not a dog lover well. Let's do. Twenty and nineteen till one, a QA. I'm the Emerald Coastist vote is number one Asian gourmet buffet is rated by Zagat Restaurant Review and now, every Friday, 27,000, you can enjoy a lot of to fest featuring main locks to serve thermator style and every night at the Emerald Coastist craft list with last-skinned snow crab legs, dungeon and crab and Jonas Stone Crab. The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half-cell and a sushi bar with over 30 but 30 men and the Emerald Coast also serves juicy delicious, succulent, the Yorkstick cook just the way that you like them, the your order and handcar per mirb. And the weekends for dessert leave room for the Emerald Coast famous 40 inch chocolate found. You can end if you're on strawberries, marshmallows other than the can treats. Don't forget the Emerald Coast won't give you a bad pounding headache or a lot of Chinese joints because they don't cook with any craft no MSG, no cornstarch, no garbage that cook all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol, freaking a real oil. So book your reservation of Emerald Coast relocations and really went and dug pig out in sunrise sunny-house beach in temper pines for the Emerald Coast called nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two and be sure and tell Richard that bread. Is he still with us? that friend- bet Billy Oryrd Adam S coach of us she's Neu Rogers George ghost Heath's no pizza building near the hotel<|ms|> Ha setsista de The hiding in the cheese when they've passed the feds, they've just done free, they get fake and he's put dirty pants from all your neighbors' mom. Your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Oh, your name is is charity cases. But anyway, given that the adult food saying, what is this really serious? Although I never did hear of what diamond dog food do you ever hear that? No, diamond pet food. Our dog has to have special food anyway. Why is that? What do you mean special food? Like pampered in spoiled? No, like medically particular for he gets stones and, you know, he gets stone? Well your house has no surprise to me. Shotgun. Damn it. He gets stones? Yeah, he gets a lot of stones. Like also, it has had to have two surgeries already. Really? So he has special low mineral dog food so that he doesn't fill that stones. Well I'll be damned. The US Food and Drug Administration reports at least 76 dogs nationwide are believed to have died as a result of eating contaminated diamond pet foods. The company is recalled 19 varieties of dog and cat food because test show high levels of afla toxin. And naturally occurring toxic chemical that comes from a fungus found on core and other grains across the river damage and animals. The company we call products manufactured as gas to insopherland of plant for rounds of temperature of over a last year based on sample testing. Diamond is narrowed down the exposure to food produced on October 11th. The FDA insopherland Department of Agriculture of large investigations customers have purchased the be called diamond pet food manufactured in the South Carolina plant should immediately stop using it and return any rainy product to the retailer according to the FDA. The range of the day caused being reviewed are best by 01 through March 07, best by 11 June 07. FDA has discovered that some of the recalled product was exported at least 29 countries including countries within the EU. These countries have been notified. Diamond officials say they do what they can to help affected pet owners. Then make you feel better about them? Oh yeah. I want to say no Harvey and Maryland diamond. It's going to take some time to take care of all these customers. We're going to do what said the company sees evaporating officer Mark Brinkpin. Diamond is promised to be in birth pet owners for event bills and other costs associated with the Aflachian poit, Aflachian poisoning which officials now believe may include pets in Europe and other areas outside the country where the food is distributed. So not only are we killing people all over the world but we're killing dogs all over the world. Nice going America. The company set up a call center stamp with Vettin Irianz, a call volume peak at about 2000 calls a day last week, Brinkpin said. Sheneek Asturd has been caring for early 90 year old child, forced feeding the animal with a syringe six times a day since suffering permanent liver damage after eating contaminated dog food. I haven't had any time to do anything but take care of her since 2019 year old nursing student at the University of South Carolina. She's the number one priority I get maybe four hours of sleep before she wakes me up. Through relocations from army bases in Georgia Oklahoma Washington and South Carolina, Coco has been a constant companion for Stewart's father's serving in Iraq. When her own daughter died last year, Stewart said Coco helped her through her grief. It was like she understood Stewart since she was my best friend. Stewart's other dog, the two-year-old pet bull named Chulo died last month just after hours after being diagnosed with liver failure. It was only then the family learned that the recall. I go to that company. I just read a friend's out, you know, messed with my dogs too late now though. And what I'm saying? What do you say? I'm saying if somebody messes with your dog, it's a incompetent and a lack of a matter. I would sue their ass and then shoot their ass. Or at the other way around and set the dogs out of it. That's right. Well, kind of late now. What do you miss most about your child? This is a silly lady and pull. We got a lot of really good stuff at the beginning and it can like Peter's out. Dimit? Well, right at its worst, maybe. Maybe these people had crappy childhoods who knows. I did 454 me too. Pretty mediocre. 454. What do you miss most about your childhood? Having no worries, 131. No bills to pay, 50. Playing sports 50. 50. 50. I'll neighborhood 42. Mr. Hood. Saturday morning cart tunes, 26. Going to school instead of work 25. Freedom 22. Oh God, they have freedom. This walk off this door right now into the sunshine, into that frigid dog refreshing and regulating air and say, screw everybody. It's like winning the lottery, right? Right. Star vacation 19, baseball card 16, dilling my classmate 13. Spankings. Oh, all right. Leave it to this guy. I think this explains a lot. Spankings 10. They're massacists. My parents being healthy nine. Now, of course, they're old and firm. They got all these and maybe they're dead. Halloween trick and treat nine. George's mother stole live, but like I said, comic books eight, free speech seven, screenbreak six, believing in Sandy Claus six, bubble gum three, recess two, pinball machines, a believing in God. My allowance, filament they all know each has only one. And throwing snowballs don't have any. By the way, I was going to say you can get yourself a pinball machine on eBay for five hundred sixty books. Oh, I can afford that. I just don't know where to put it. I guess I guess I could have the Batman forever pinball machine. No, and the Cole Kidman's like this. No, not for me. I don't mean to care about that. And then never really interested me. What, whatever least, specifically, not. No. It's the challenge of like a baton that thing around man, right? Keep it, I think, going. And then of course, all the nifty sounds that makes them way like sky rock and salt around in there. Gotta keep the ball up. Be exactly. 567.0560 pound five sixty in a Verizon and ticket arrived us line. WQAM, hello. Hi Neil, are you? Pretty good. Okay. I got a suggestion for your poll. Yes. Being able to eat whatever you want and not think worried about it whatsoever. You know, not the fat all the sugar. Yeah, all the crap we did to ourselves. And now we think about it. And we're like suicidal. Yeah. Also, tomorrow's boom like EDO. What did you hate most about children? Like bullies and stuff like that? Sorry. That's good idea. Well, I'm pretty funny. And lastly, a Louis Anderson was fired from that show for a gay sex scandal. No. Yeah, he was. Oh, my God. He was in a hotel and he repeatedly was propositioning a broo service kid. Sounds like Tom Delo is now. Yeah, it's exactly like that. And the guy at the work sense is a sad part. Oh, QL, there you go. Too bad he's no about that bear back Mountain movie. You could have been in that. Yeah, you could have just, uh, why would have that? You could have been a helping hand. Okay, thanks. So I could have been a ranch hand. It could play the horse. Right. Horses are us. Louis B. and how many like that now? There's a little assembly just learned. I wonder what he's say before that for the pool about. Oh, yeah, he had like a paragraph. No, no, he had a suggestion. He only. Anything that you wanted to ask for. Okay, okay. He didn't whatever you want and don't miss a word. He didn't whatever you want. And what about the other pool about the, what do you hate of it? Did you do that? No, but I was thinking about that. Like what do you? What don't you miss about your childhood? No, it's okay. He's dark. That's for Friday. Yeah, I can't believe we're so far ahead on pools. We got ones for like mail ready. All the way things are going. You know, don't plan that for a hit. Oh, and I think we can. Now we can take a safe, cyber league. Yeah. Right. I'm serious, man. It's like we've been given a, uh, my I still say born again. Should have a bunch of billboards all over town born again. QAM. Give it a second life after that nasty dark cloud. We operate on all that time. Mystery and suspicion and secrecy and paranoia. I still say great read with the George Bush or radio. Consult my ass. That's what he's doing by the West is new. He's consulting my brother. You're ass. Yeah, it's a big subject. WQA and M. Hello. Hey, New. I got a question for you. The, um, three or four. I'd say the first time a new girl with her head and you, uh, I'd say that to the job of years. I see. Okay. Okay. And the question, uh, I don't know if you can answer or not, but, uh, my wife wants us to get a few minutes out of view. And, oh, I was shooting. I just give her a little bit. It was she keep those business on every night. And I just go somewhere. But nevertheless, she wanted to know star Jones husband gay or not. I said I'd ask you about your future as hell is. I mean your wife, I mean star Jones. I don't know. I, I, I, I, I understand. I just, you know, I said, well, if I call him, uh, asking he'd know. I would know. Well, let me, let me go for that. He directory, right after a C, I fan of what's to check your gate on. Yeah, I'll check my daughter. Okay. I would know. I mean, if you're gay, obviously, you know, who everybody in the world is gay. First of all, if I ever saw star Jones, it would be much too soon. She is the boy of the view. Oh, my god. Is Bob and Wallace still on that show? She has a husband, you know. Yeah, she makes canyels. Really. Yeah. It's still her show technically. She's like the, you know, you know, she can't say it, but it's her show that you. I mean, it's like Tom Volkoy and all the people in Joe Falama, Tom Brokoy, Barbara Walters we can't. I don't know if I can. I feel okay. I'll be tremendous in Kevinman said or people like that. Rock solid. Right. Like many more tests. 12.56. I wonder now that we got the new management. How much more lame. Our test we're going to be hearing on WQM. I'm looking at our schedule. Oh, when I see Senator Day, I answer Sunday. And Friday. Oh, I'm so sorry. I said that. Friday from 10 PM to 2 AM. I guess any case going on vacation or wait for the weekend or something. And then five to seven on Saturday and 2 to 4. Like I said, now that we got a new rage team man, letting our test is going to break out. He's going to really mushroom into a gigantic star. All right. Thank. Oh, yeah. Yeah. What you said. Oh, boy. Well, it takes a vibe and other correct some of these things. 12.56 if you weigh a attention man. If you have a hair loss problem or if you're currently wearing a hair system, a piece listen to this message. Charles Alp here has been supplying it. He's signing hair system for the showbiz people, politicians. And more importantly, you the everyday guy for over 40 years now, 40. Most people say you can always spot a hair system. Allows are the bad ones. I say how many good hair systems go on notice. You'd be surprised. Charles Alp here is here. Systems are completely natural. They look like real hair growing out of your scalp. Designed with just a write-in-mata hair in the proper recessions. Run your hands through a listen feels just like your own hair. And now for just 99 bucks. Charlie will custom design a hair system just for you. It tried for a couple of weeks and if you're happy with the way it looks and feels it's yours just for an additional $500 and Charlie is so confident you'll be satisfied. He offers you the following guarantee. If you're not completely happy with the hair system, just return it. Charlie will give you a back to 99 bucks. That's an offer you can't refuse. Call Charles Alp here in the day toll free. All you got to lose is that ball spot. Call 1-800-321-2413 and make an appointment. Charlie will sit your ass down and show you how much better and younger he can make your look. Charlie Studios in for a lot of deal. Don't forget that toll free number 1-800-321-2413. Run the wicked web. It's Charles Alpheary.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. Come on, Spadano. Since Felix needs us one Natasha and I go low to have to look for motion square. Instead we listen to Neil Rogers' pair and a balance went to two hours. Saturday morning, trying. Pulling windows, james and his bully body sat down and who's saying. All of a sudden, this adventure is of a rocking and going off. Thank you guys for your attention about two feet. Okay, give it that crystal ball. Second week on up in the wrong side is the bunker. Perhaps a poem will help. Today I'm the damn door one racked out dude. And just like your oil, your snilly and glue. And most did you say your square of friend? Oh, you mean rocky? Sure, take over there. It'll be there. They don't be there. Oh my! Falky! What are you doing about this? So they'll... Don't test me! Ask my anti-fancy. Anti-fancy. Anti-hu. Anti-heat class. Join us next time for coils well that end as well. Or kiss your cask and bow. Hey, most what's weather forecast for today? Bow me up all. Here, racking and bowing on Saturday morning on New Galoisia. I think I'm going to lock myself in this weekend and watch all those rocky and bull mucos that chicken XMV, you know? All right. Or city of God. You know, it's good if you smoke a big split before you watch those cartoons. Hey, guess what's on the way that you'll have by the end of the week? It's already on the way to open right for hours. Thank you so kind of. Final fear. Well, it's only $6.99. That's a bargune. The post is a coin. I can win that in like one... A flick of the thumb, it would buy. Four lose a couple hundred five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty a leave arrived in singular wireless line. There's the Elito hearings going on. Is it the right wingers go a Supreme Court just on trial. Trace of character necessary to serve well on this. We're going to beat Betaboot but about it. All this is just the just window dressing. That's a dog and pony show. Somebody QAM hello. The Neo? Yes, sir. Hey, I got a good one for you Paul. It's the most obvious. I've met everybody that works. Miss. Some of the questions. I thought we put that under. Yes, I got the 24 votes. We missed it but it's on or somehow magically. I, that's because I'm not reading all the other things. I thought I just got your reading and I'll do it again. Sure, sir. Good time. While those phones are building up to a crescendo, you'll see not. What do you miss most about your childhood? Having no worries, 140. Tane sports 53. No bills to pay 52. I'll neighborhood 43. The old hood. Saturday morning, card 2 and 27. Going to school instead of work 25. Summer vacation 24. It ought to be on there. 3 and 23. baseball card 17. Did my classmates 13. My parents being healthy 12. Spanking 10 and after that it's a good. I just got your read. He just happened to be busy dialing in. Do you think that must be it? Just like this one other call QAM hello. I haven't got a signal. Speaking. Just so that's the damn noise you. My 60 makes pretty damn annoying. The one? The noise. The three noise. The noise of one. That noise? Yeah, we're just a sound of your dial phone. Yes, going. Yeah. 5 6 7 0 5 6 EG. What are we going to do? We better go on satellite radio. What are we going to do? Hey, listen, we're high definition. Maybe we're HD radio. Nobody owns one yet. But you just wait until somebody starts buying and we'll be dangerous. I've seen one. You've seen one. But you know anybody who's got one? No. I've seen a few. It'll dust up as one. No matter how the thought is on here about it. Did you? Has an HD radio? Yes. And how do we sound and HD? Oh, crystal queer. Oh, seriously. This is sound different? Yes. It's clear. It's clean. And then it's gone. Wow. We don't want to be too clean. We'll lose the whole audience. WQAM hello. Yeah, I got one for the phone, man. Yes, sir. I'm about to keep it. I agree. But you know. No. Q and N. How fast? So is it? And like, and there he goes and there he goes. Like 10 makes it different. See, we'll fast. That's right. The 45 delay buttons. We got they don't work if you see it. Oh, we're. It's a normal. That's right. Yeah. Oh, man. Talk about that. Pull me to the other day about stupid. Trust me when I tell you. WQAM hello. A meal. Yes, sir. How about nap time? I work about a 12 hour day. Yeah. How many man? I missed a mandatory daytime match. Well, wait till you get to be as old as me, then you'll get it back. You don't have to wait. What I grow up, I want to be just like you, man. Oh, God. Don't say that. Good luck. Good luck. Good luck to you. That time. That's good. All right. Absolutely. I don't remember taking that. I mean, there's a little little kid. Yeah. We have no members. That said, he's reach way back. Well, maybe when he was like 10 years old, he was taking a nap. I don't know. Or crap. 5 6 7. And I'll say that. I'll enjoy some of the all-overs like stink on a Greg, man. W 2 a m. Hello. Hello. I'm going to have a lot of trouble. W 2 a m. Hello. I'm going to get a m. W m. 5. Yes. I have to just sum it from me, oh, for the survey. Okay. What is that? First kiss. Either way, didn't get it. First kiss. First kiss. Okay. Thanks. The way he said it, it sounded like what you're saying. Good. And for the first kiss, kiss, he just had a little, you know. Got my finger going. There you go. Just calm that finger down. Okay. Although I'd stick it in the pencil sharpener while sharpen it up. Real sharp, you know. That's a bad sign. You have the middle of sharp fingernails. Don't you always raise the species of people with sharp fingernails? Like I'm suspicious of people with fingernails period. Right. Well, tricks you understand. No, I'm not talking about guys. What kind of guys have fingernails? Gay. No, I don't think so. No, I'm serious. If you don't mind. We don't mind. Oh, or co-peans. You must have a really little guess what you like. If you don't bite your nails. I mean, that's partly, that's partly. One does have it and I'm going back is that they're for you to bite off again. I don't bite my nails anymore. I do something else instead. I see. I don't know if somebody don't have time to bite his nails because you afraid that so. So that's what he will be. There's my pee under him. Although, somebody QAF, you know. Hello. For the poll, pizza party. Pizza party is okay. Like it, what's that little pizza place? What is it for? Chuckie cheese. Oh, hey, he's clean. Hey, daddy, take me to Chuckie cheese. Please. It's a big part of the way I wish I'd thought of that. One. They whole Chuckie cheese thing. A place where the food doesn't make sure the difference what it is. It's just raised to. We're going to take it. Because one wildness or beer and wine for the adults to sit right. It loaded while the kids ride. Well, it gets a just going to actually eat some at Ryan Perfect. Come to QA, and hello. Hello, and you know, I've got an item that you're poll. Yes, it's just a leap. Hebrew school. Hebrew school. I miss it like a tumor, man. Mopopop. Okay, and happy circus. How do you like that from some old Jew? I mean, some old guy going. We put that other? Why not Hebrew school? There'll be about the 10 of us Jews. I don't miss it. What's there to miss about Hebrew school? All those old Getskis in there? Is that all that? I miss that neat little schmata on my end. See, that's the one thing when you're not Orthodox. You can wear the schmata on your head like it's like on your bar. It's like on your bar. Mitsfa or a couple of occasions, but I didn't that schmata. I think it's weird when you just covered the ball spot. In fact, I never wore another one until there was a whanney day. It's called those were glorious days, weren't they? Yeah, thank you so much, Marvin Rawman. You're a good close personal friend. But our good friends at whanney. Right? Who's that? Who's the fact that was a head of that thing? Nadi Lusha? No, no, I'm talking about the big cheese. Oh, very delicious. Very delicious. Hey, Barry. You're very nice. A lot of nice, solidaration there. Rimes in the times, and, uh, etc. And two times. So Louis B. Anderson got knocked off at that family few, because he was doing a little... Yeah, thank you, Panky. So listening people, and I don't want to talk to you. What does that mean? Oh, you mean that people can be gay too? Ha ha ha. I just asked down Delaware and James Cocoa, they'll tell you. Although down Delaware has a wife, you know. Dudley. Name a Sam. Do you have any QAN hello? Yes. I have one for your poem. I give a shout out to George too. Put on their marching bands. Marching bands. Yeah, I'm watching them. Yes, for all the band he's out there. But is that like his playing in them or were a watch his watching them? No, playing in them. I'll be damned. You didn't say the tube of the do you? No, no, no, no. Melphon, a lot cooler. Okay. Thanks, Uncle Meal. Marching bands. There we go. Oh, man, I wish one Lionel Tate's the a pizza. The pizza shooter burger and what's the other one's name? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, from Palm Beach. Right. What a chocolate teacher. Right. Don't take it out. Huh? Don't like. Alright, let's take this one person. Okay. Oh, man. Now Cecil Collins, Cecil was the peeping guy. How's the peeping Tommy? How's the peeping? That's what I've seen more often. He is so good. He was so great as Freddy in that movie. Hmm. And I actually have like a little sports car there in Rome. It's so unusual because almost everybody drives those little tiny cars there. I'm gonna exercise your thumb, you know? Or then scooters. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's best for us. Oh, those best for us. Yeah, yeah. But never thought you could be John way that one of those things. And you'd still look gay. I see. Like Matt Dylan you mean. Right. I got a confess. I've been like back and forth in the toss and around in my head. And I like Matt Dylan. Oh, I got a problem with it. Yeah. I'm not saying the way you do. I just he's okay. Although I said it one thing in that movie. He looked awfully pasty. He could be a good son. I remember the scene on the beach there. Would judge their law. Yeah, what they were all done? He's got a law. Right. Judd, Judd, her. They were on her. She and Jude law. Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? You'll notice that the archfish of his breast like a woman. Oh, yeah. Because before he finally gets murdered there, he's like running around almost naked, shaving or whatever. And man, oh man. Talk about saggy. That dude. Do you kill him? Hello. Oh, the meal. Yes, sir. I missed my erection. Well, we have an every four years, at least we used to. What? He's a man. That's what they say. It has four years. It's old for that, you know. Right. Don't start. Okay. Don't start. He started. Twelve minutes after one at five, 60 WQA. And dry concepts is the best in the universe and making your carpet searches like brand new. And now they want to make your life a little bit easier. During the month of January, dry concepts encourages everybody to take advantage of their outstanding maintenance contract. That's right. Their maintenance contract offers you savings and real peace of mind. Enjoy the benefits of their planned carpet dry cleaning service. Not only would you say 50% off their regular prices, but you'll also enjoy the added benefit of knowing that dry concepts will be there when you need them whenever you need them. Dry concepts is dedicated to the clean carpet approach. Instead of the common clean dirty carpet approach, don't pitch, get fooled by those nineteen ninety five specials that leave your carpet soak for days on and without treating the problems. You made a big investment in the carpet's your post-green drapery. Let dry concepts protect your investment and make them all looks like brand new. The concept of your official stamp is fully certified and their service in standard is unmatched anywhere. Soon like I've been doing for over 20 years, take the worry out of having your homicentatized audio long. We dry concepts maintenance program. Calculating tool free and date route on the bomb beaches. 1-800-248-5071. When you use dry concepts, you really can clean today and entertain tonight. 1-800-248-5071. Run the web. Dry concepts.com. This is new rugers. This is 5-16-2-8-10. The Miami Heat Show featuring Pat Riley, Randy Fond and all Miami Heat Players is on one stage. This station presented by the Secretary-Rycording Game Tuning tomorrow at 830 with Hayden. Oh my god. And the Miami Heat Show exclusively on Sports Radio 5-16-9-2-A-M. It's time to get it on! Uh-huh. He wants to bomb all of my land. Perfectly lit. Good to battle. That there's just one. I think maybe there's a monster too. I feel the president's point of view. Sometimes soon he's going to do it. Sometimes soon, a rat will be hit When his beef is dead, to drop by Then I'll know he's not one to lie He friggin hits me Bush, he friggin hits me La la la la He must be thinking we got weapons Of master's troops, and what we got, none I'll be right there Is there anything done in history of my life In some Jackass Jack named he hate me? I'd have to think about that Yeah, that's a good poem I'm not sure, I'm not just names, but just dumb things Name, as a great hip comes to mind Yeah, he hate me Once 17, a few AMA, Bush crash North of Toronto is injured, dozens of people Including one seriously Yeah, sure Today, a Bush crash Now I'm starting to talk like Dave Strater and Eric Reed The driver was badly hurt when he was ejected To the front windshield and a crash with a minivan And Caledin, I have no idea where there's However, mostly senior citizens, the other guy We were only moderate to minor injuries And you don't have to miss a little teacher to the Lord Doesn't like people of gamble The bus was traveling from Kitchener, Ontario To Casino, Ramah Oh, I'm teaching a thing I just got a wood vine When they did like a rubber glove They did it okay But no, they shut it all away to Casino, Ramah Way up there, like in Barry Hey Barry, you're fairy So, it'll teach them, huh? See, the likes that people go to the gamble See, I think Hank is wrong about that I think a lot of people who were nearly would go to Vegas maybe a few times a year Maybe they'll still go maybe once or twice But I think some of them would like Cut way down like on all the earfare and a hotel Cause by the time you get through pain and earfare and a hotel You're already so far in a hole You're on a sand? That's like a whole weekend's worth of gambling We just go up to poverty, we're golf team We're doing a high-eye or what's the other one Or how do we grey-hand? You can just go over there and plunge all you want Right Unless, of course, you're one of those people Doesn't play slots like a judge Now, let's see, if they got at the end Of course, the Indians pretty soon they're going to have Like, you watch within a year I'm predicting Class 3 game, they'll have the tables They'll have your crafts and your blackjack and all of these Or these things So who the hell will I need to go to Vegas? I don't know, I just, I mean, Vegas is fun And since the first 100 times, people are low-pingles They'll go there, people that want to see those shows Things like that, I mean they have But I don't go to the shows, they're quite frankly Those big buffets, I don't need any more of that to kill myself And in addition to what just about anywhere you go, there's food You know what I mean? Really? Yeah, I know that comes to a great shock, but people that go to Vegas for food I think needs serious assistance, it's just not that there's not Great food there because they're sure as hell is, but nevertheless In addition to what, see, I've never been able to understand People like, oh yeah, for the 699, you can get a primary dinner And then they go on the casino, at least 15 grand You know what, I don't understand it, you see what I'm saying? Right? Yeah. It's like it would buy and you get your points on your player card They give me like a free lunch, your free dinner Big stink and deal, okay, first of all the food I wouldn't feed with dead dog Number one, number two, if you're losing a 2-3 grand, what the fuck? Free for 2 grand? Right, exactly. Don't mix it feel bad. I'd like to have a business like that. Here, I'm going to give you something for free, give me 2-3 grand. You could have a business like that. Doing one, owning a establishment of those kinds. I see. I know, the establishment's by the way in power, where they were like Heaven was phony gambling, no scans us. We already had a store on that, I think, a week or two ago They're trying to close those things down. W-2-1-M-Hello. Q-1-M. A new, George, are you doing? Okay, how are you doing? All right. Listen, you're pole today. You got some sort of a date caught off for some day, like high school or junior high or whatever. Whatever you consider your childhood, some of the people we talked to in case you haven't noticed, they're 40 and they're still children. Well, you know, because I don't know all some of these guys are, but I kind of miss having sex with other condoms. You know, nowadays, if you're single, you can't do those things. That's her danger, unless you're going to get... No, not to mention, you know, when I was even younger, well, as they would say today, getting molested by my baby's babysitter. You know what I'm... We got a thought to put that on our, yeah. Getting molested by my teacher, babysitter, priest, whatever. No, that's sex without a condom. That's good. Well, if you were a child having sex without a condom. Oh, no, a child, he started about like teenage years. Oh, he talked about... What? I said, I know what he's talking about. Well, how about, like if you're five when you're having sex with a condom. It's good enough for Pam's smart. Oh, yeah. That picture's on every guineaæ¿ right now. See, on your school teachers out there, we're going to fall in the middle of one of your students. Pick somebody at least looks cool. Oh, you know. God, I mean, I can make the rest of this feel better. And in fact, no, I take it back because actually that kid was pretty grotesque, but the one up in Seattle. What was her name? Mary K. Laterno. Mary K. Laterno. That's the one. Oh, my God. That he played. When did that spaceship land, huh? What, what was that thing? Man. Ha ha ha ha. No, I'm serious. What the hell was it, Martian? My God, is that thing real? Yeah. Cuban American Community Activist and politicians land based in US government decision to repay 3815 Cubans picked up from the base of an abandoned bridge in the Florida Keys and urged officials to review the country's Webfoot Drive Food Policy. I wonder if that foot that Vanna was showing under the 80 year old foot on the Wheel of the Screal of Fortune. I wonder if that was a wet foot or a dry foot, wet foot. That kind of looked like it. Yeah, the webfoot Drive Food Policy. If you have a webfoot, you're going back. And attorney for the family's at the migrant city, plan to file a lawsuit today asking a federal judge to allow the group to be turned while a local activist to have a continue a three day hunger strike protesting the treatment of the Cubans. They were Cubans. Cubans and therefore they must come in. We need last more Cubans. The migrants including a two year old and a 13 year old were sent back to Cuba Monday after US officials concluded that the section of the partially clats bridge where they landed didn't count as dry land out of the government policy because it was all unconnected any of the keys. That really is kind of stupid. Yeah. So the whole policy is stupid to begin with. I mean, you know, make up your mind. Not that I want to come down and, you know, on the same side of some of those green teeth lunatics, but through a legal review of the migrants were determined to be feet wet and process feet wet and process the court and so it's standard procedure. It goes through some petty office in Dana Ward, Senate statement. They were feet wet. Having a mic. Oh, my god. There's a Republican administration. You want it so much. US Senator Melmartini is Republican afloat of called the government's decision. Example of the complete nutter of faith. Nothing was pan-re, you understand, course. The complete nutter of the wet foot drive-foot policy, which generally allows Cubans to reach dry land to stay and those who don't be sent home without an immigration hearing. How about a few days like get within like three miles? You know, something like that? Okay. Well, I mean, the wet foot drive-foot is just so stupid. Yeah. It's incredibly stupid. My, what's an old bridging on a new bridge is a judgment. They didn't reach American soil. He asked the semantics used to be Chernysmen and women who've were so much to reach freedom and it will not be turned to one uncertain future. Our embarrassment, Martinez V. Sam. Meanwhile, and of course, you know what would be long before she'd have her, for since in there that bitch. US representative, Alejandro Zanidana Layton called the decision of absurd. If any crown would have been committed on that bridge, the perpetrators who have been arrested and charged with violating US law, she said, the statement. Ross late in spokesman Alice Cruz said the Congresswoman would continue to follow the case, but he didn't immediately know what further action she would take. She's too busy at the gay bars. The group left Montan's province in Cuba laid on the night of January 2nd of a small homemade vote. The migrants were rescued when they were born by the coast guard from the base of the bridge, to South of Merathon Key. Mercedes Hernandez Guerrero, so he initially was elected to receive a call from a niece, Elizabeth Hernandez, telling her that she had her last thing we need anybody else in the name, and then Z, or sorry George, they're probably not. Telling her that she had her husband and their two-year-old son John Michael had reached the bridge. John Michael, I wonder if he's kind of Alan Michael on guiding light. I said stay there, the currents are strong, I thought I was given them good advice Hernandez we call, but her joy to Denise's arrival turned to concern as the days passed, she had nothing from the group. At least it doesn't Cuban Americans protest at the government's decision Monday outside Freedom Tower and downtown Miami. Here we go again. Ramones, howl Sanchez, head of the democracy movement, a real Schmittsisturber, a Cuban American Ivory Group will begin a hunger strike on Saturday to protest the federal government's treatment of the group. So yesterday he wouldn't stop until President Bush agreed to meet with a commissioner leaders in the Cuban Exhaust community about the arbitrary manner in which the wetfoot, the wetfoot drive-foot policies being implemented. I would like to let me ask you, if a bundled hit hit on the bridge and they would have touched the wet spot with that being American soil. Yes, okay. The wetfoot. All right. If they've accepted on it. Sanchez said he's also considered about the Coast Guard's figure to allow those pick-up at sea to contact their families rather being held on the agencies' boats. Votem, people on both sides of the ocean think their family members have died, he said. Sanchez, another said they were especially shocked by the speed of the repatriation. William Sanchez and attorney for all those of the Cuban migrants who planned the final motion asking for the group's return said he was on his way to file an emergency injunction to halt their return when he learned they were already back in Cuba. To light, you know that the Coast Guard's own website states that if immigrants touch US soil, bridges, pierce or rocks, their feet are considered dry. Sounds like something the bridge tender would say. Soil, bridges, pierce or rocks. Yeah. Well, you better know your law, Mr. Right, because they haven't only sure don't because their feet are considered dry, I-I-I-I. But Coast Guard, Lieutenant Commander Chris O'Neill said the structure of the migrants landed on didn't fall into any of those categories. The bridges kind of misnomer said O'Neill's folks went for the department south of each region. He said officials in Washington termed the Cuban city considered feet wet because they weren't able to walk to land from where they landed. See if they just swam a little faster, you know what? Damn it. Or if we're strong. Like that, definitely go. You know, someone come on, you're faster man. Get those feet dry. You wet, wet, wet, wet seat. What, wet, wet, wet? And then what is that? How come the Mexicans give color wet facts and the Cubans are wet feet? I get that all the time. Do you really? Yeah, they don't know. I took a plane but what different does it make? 26 past one, a QAM, it's the more Howard David and the Dodo. Big game show. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62. I think it's hard to think. Here. That's your new name. She's my little immigrant now. Looks like the Faker O'Neill. Now, she's from the tiny world. Oh, father of the shat body. Tell me, I suppose otherwise, I'm out. Get back and punch me alive. She raised both friends in the crowd. But, for a poor shat body, tell me, I'm out. And she's asking for the craft me. And she raised both friends in the crowd. And she's a trust me. And she's so great to have a life. And she's saying, why so much? What's like he's married in a golden golden queen? And I even had the money tell me now. And she never paid the call. I've been seen always behind me. But, for a poor shat body, tell me, I'm out. And she's asking for the craft me. And she's asking for the craft me. And she's asking for the craft me. And she's asking for the craft me. sense I see I just discovered that once you put what I already knew this but I forgot about it You know once you put your info in there Amazon.com you have to write anything just you know Pick out whatever you want we're gonna couple of things and butter it's on its way to me You're the winner Fantastic, great, so that's a good news with the tax and we capable shipping everything 997 the bad news is this is being shipped tomorrow But Delivered January 17 to 19 so next week. That's right. I'll wait a lot of times They say that and it shows up like that. They do they want to give themselves a slide Give me a little a sub little cushion there little cushion Like in the next book we're gonna have a 20 share. I mean Wait a two we're gonna have like a zero share in the next book. Oh, that's across the street a town I has the judge is recommended that state center Alex the as they laportia pay 8,750 bucks for election law violations for Jackie arguments that the memory of public and is two impoverished to pay any fines And administrative law judge Jeff Clark ruled that the senator enjoys a remarkable lifestyle that goes beyond the nearly 30,000 I'm sorry The salary that says he says is only income The fine stem from the as they laportia is 99 election to the state Senate the senator is wages are running legal battle over Election law violations for the Florida elections commission which a one point tried to levier then record 311 thousand dollar fine for three and 11 violations Diaz de la fortia Contended that lobby is sitting on the commission. We're seeking revenge because you voted against their clients a charge denied by commission members Now the case has back to the commission for a final decision The panel can accept the judges recommendation order the senator pay as much as 17 grand for the 17 election law violations are main after an appeals court throughout the other charges again him if he's unhappy with the commission's next decision The as they laportia could take the case back to what appeals court Noting that the commission staff saw an $800,000 fine against him five years ago the senator called the judges decision a major victory I feel vindicated said the as they laportia But why did you didn't know whether he'll appeal again? The shows that the forward elections commission try to make a mountain out of a mole hill. He said Diaz de la fortia is lawyers that argued that the senator should pay nothing for the remaining 17 violations saying the most of them were technical Diaz de la fortia also argued he couldn't afford to pay the fines but Clark citing documents and testimony provided during hearing advice You're disagreeed Diaz de la fortia's personal living expenses exceed his income clock road No reason the legislation for the opportunity to maintain this lifestyle Diaz de la fortia's net worth will allow him to pay any fine appropriate for the 17 violations of law Where's the money coming from Alice huh inquiry minds one and all where's all that cash coming from? Maybe he's looking at the track huh? That's it that could be it Vom filed its Starbucks to some remember I told you about this use it what what San Francisco and explosive device was found in a Starbucks coffee shop in central San Francisco yesterday The building was evacuated in a police bomb squad decided to buy a story said Would a bomb a Virginia a Starbucks employee found the device at about 115 415 our time Is they afternoon on the coffee shops bathroom floor ever drop a bomb on the bathroom floor in a Starbucks? I got good at If it had detonated it would have caused damage it was what we consider an IED and improvised as close to device That's what's called as people over in our rectus IEDs AMN The device was not concealing said get this would not now This is a police spokesman never get in this wouldn't describe the explosives appearance Officers out maybe it was like that tow yard turd Maybe it was as long as his arm Officer told CNN that police were called to investigate a metal flashline determine it was an explosive The Starbucks employee you found the device told authorities and the building was evacuated along with apartments About the coffee shop he said a bomb squad teamer will be device about 2 p.m. and detonated in a controller Explosion outside the building the bathroom is kept locked in anyone who entered would have needed a key from a store clerk Where it says it the store had received any threats before after was found I like that they open again this morning on their back Business is usual so what do you like about her Starbucks or Tim Hortons? Never had the pleasure Tim Hortons and once the other one is another chain and there's a coffee shop on every street corner here air Be place you go. It's oh, I can't think of you. Oh, it's cold then you want over the in place What do you miss most about your childhood that's our pool that a fantastic pool question? We're most of your answers have dried up a couple hours ago, but that's all right 570 votes Have you no worries one fifth one sixty seven Which in a you know, oh, we got a hostage situation where is this? Of those employees release from the bank on the phone now. This is Wayne from I see only kind of sheriff's department Oh, Kisim up by beeper If you could just bring us up to date on the number of the robots We're in the room. We still in the room. I'm seeing you haven't exact number yet How's the robot count wed tea to dry feed or maybe what I mentioned robots got went feet or treads Anyway, I got the situation in Oceo, La County at the bank robbery at the Merckon town banking Kisimmy What do you miss most about your childhood? How about going to amusement parks? Well, you still could do that You know, you still could do that, but I mean, it doesn't only go the adults You don't have the fun there was an adult you had the fun there when you were a kid That's right. I mean the parks amusement parks side does wrong with that Ready the carousel having no worries one sixty seven no bills to pay sixty four plain sports fifty seven My old neighborhood 45 Education 37 Saturday morning cartoons is got about thirty man Going to school instead of work 26 freedom 24 baseball cards only 18 what a square crowd man Did everybody know collect baseball cards Yeah, for all over doing my class made 17 probably was maybe there should be a step above my parents being healthy 16 spanking is 12 That's the dirty dozen Those spankings baby How do we would trick in treating the hot why do I keep saying how he would Maybe you're trick in treating in Hollywood that's where I do Halloween nine comic books eight even whatever you want in gaining nothing seven Spring great seven believing in Santa Claus five Free speech seven six without a condom three 10 ball machine three bubble gum three recess two Solumenta uno for marching vans Hebrew school believing in God and my allowance and none for amusement parks or throwing syllables A amusement parks we just put on there didn't we right yeah, but throwing snowballs been on her long time I guess we got we don't have any a transplant in northern. Is huh sure? I remember or or maybe the reason they don't miss Throwing a snowballs, this is maybe they don't miss the snow right possible it's part of the misty cell on the sleep and the ice Double on the right This This Two Central station where two of America's worst singers are begging for money ladies and gentlemen the bad street boys I'm gonna give you a dollar for the appreciation of the music wait That was horrible we take requests we appreciate you He doesn't like to leave just probably what it is how about a little Elton John I think my ears are bleeding from that one tomato with you Well, you don't like helping John You know what how about some for the kids how it a little Christina Aguilar and beautiful You're a beautiful Beautiful You know what you're $10 All right these quiet stop singing. I really got to go. Wait a minute for that We've got to do something a little special We know no You are the sunshine My We're around you We're around I'm smiling My Thank you sir, but honestly left me speechless. I knew the bad street boys Don't they were my sister Todd Dreck and his performance yesterday morning a really Yeah, I see a similarities there in other words. Okay. Uh, I do whatever you want to go away Oh no, but I mean, but you know, and I want to send and you weren't even able to see the dancing I'm sure there's a dance to go right I see it I see it and I see it again I'd go for the pull. I'm gonna get a lot of hosts. Okay, what do you miss most about your childhood? Nothing it sucked Oh, there you go. We got the right that choice All the people working for a place to go a lot of people out there had terrible childhoods a childhoods But I thought you guys would say childhood right I'll set you a fact with a very good suggestion on there That didn't get it. Oh, it's right there now. No, it's not okay. Is it coming? It's covered I don't hear the machine even yawning you know that yawning sound machine makes me I don't hear it to do nothing Is ready Prime Minister Ariel Sherwell and recovering from a major stroke moved his left hand and is right hand and right leg with more strength than before He's Dr. Citid thing you know what they got the how they got him move his hand? I give up because it's almost a porom and they had a tray of humontation and They held it about two feet away from the bedside and all of a sudden he was reaching out and touching it Movement of his left hand is significant because the left hand is controlled by the right side of his brain Which was damaged by the stroke he suffered January four There was no immediate danger to the Prime Minister's life said his anesthesiologist Dr. Yoram Weiss metaphorically speaking were right on the edge of the cliff. We were right on the edge now we're five meters back 15 feet I like that next I think he was right on the edge and I was a few feet back that fast ain't coming by the way I know I had to cancel the facts that was coming through somebody is sending us the cover page of your web page on the facts machine And what does that mean? I don't know I don't know why but somebody's taxiing the image of the front page of the Rogers That time right and I hear from something on my end. I just heard that beep that Like that guy is that assurning American troops and bagged at yesterday blasted away in the home of an Iraqi journalist wasn't for the Guardian and Channel 4 in England firing bullets in the bedroom where he was sleeping in the bathroom children I'll eat five heel who two months ago won the foreign press Association Young journalist in the year award was who didn't take in for questioning was released hours I hooded How do you like that right? The input of hoods who's won the boys with the hood? Dr. Panhill is working with Guardian films on investigation for Channel 4 dispatches program and it claims that tens of millions of dollars worth of Iraqi Funceled by the Americans of British have been misused or misappropriated. How do you like that? Must be just a coincidence they ink him off of the hood Why the troops told Dr. Fadio that we're looking for an Iraqi insurgent and sees video tapes He had shot for the program me. These have not yet been returned The director of the film said yesterday the timing and nature of this raises extremely disturbing It's only a few days since we first approached US authorities and told them I'll be was doing this investigation Asked them to then grant interview about our findings We did a convincing assurance from the American authorities that this terrifying experience was not harassment and a cruel attempt to Descourage his investigation Dr. Fadio was asleep with his wife. There's three-year-old daughter Sarah and seven-month-old son Adam when the troops forced their way in They fired in the bedroom where we were sleeping then three soldiers came in They rolled me out of the floor and tied my hands when I tried asking them what they were looking for they just told me to shut up I like that Right Excellent My suggestion was to say she was investing in a lot of misappropriated crap, you know Right here is a facts from Jose who says I Have a great one for the pull of Fadio's now we've been taken. I miss returning coke and other solar bottles for money. I think this is number one But I mean But it's a choice Why in the bottom it says Jose I don't understand that view. I make it part of the pseudo name oh No, it's not gonna be number one. No, but it's a good one. I used to do that returning soda bottles for money for the pauses sure Oh, there's a lot of adults doing that now run through the density them. Dude. Hey, that's the only way I ate really well that in school lunch is I see how say for George one of these days maybe on Monday when I'm off for the holiday for the Martin Luther King day Maybe Monday until the story of your childhood Yeah, maybe and that's the non-estrated parts before you went to Montana and started like you know what I would catch those bottles in guess where we would take the money for a food Probably liquor store right next door to royal castle Really you could get a full meal with just what a constant man speaking a rock castle has wando and it's already the 10th of February I'm sure he'll be letting us know I'm sure Wayne will be right on top of things Well, that'd be great when he's be open son as little needy burgers and then rocks just your white hats Which is a hint for the poll for a tomorrow? Well, I love to pull tomorrow. So one of those food polls. Oh, yeah WKOM hello Hey, yeah, I got two propositions for your poll first my lips and second my aim it That was cute. I'm not cute. Let's happen to the second. I got two sets of ribs great Somebody Q a M hello hi is this George? Yes, oh George now this I just sent that back Oh, I'm gonna clarify that what it was is right on a company at Thunderhoze My right Brian the I own a company that doesn't gosh could be It's like medical scopes that go everywhere if you know what I mean Well, I've had that I've had both ends. Yeah. Yeah So no, I just wanted to clarify that up. I didn't think we'd go through but you know I wanted to get that back soon I love you clean off that shit Good when you don't want to do that procedure What yeah, oh, yeah, oh, I that they have to be cleaned before we even you know get them in our hands So speak Who would think so? Okay, thanks a lot Brian Oh whatever name you're going by this week. How do you like that? Maybe that's what the whole day comes from like given the whole is a Hey, hoes here Not me and governor Kathleen Blankle left for how long yesterday to learn how to desk read that a huge flood control system That protects land much farther below sea level in Louisiana The trip means the democratic governor on this president pushes visit to New Orleans scheduled for Thursday I'm sure it's not an out of coincidence Like was that a trip in Longman schedule when the White House informed her about the president's trip to Louisiana The governor was among more than 40 government business and education leaders including senators David Vittor and Mary Landrue who took the trip and hopes of learning how to create levies and floodgates strong enough to withstand a storm as large as her larger than Katrina Which overwhelmed New Orleans flood control system what I'm gathering is that we have a lot to learn how to make levies that hold up under difficult conditions Like Jose, I believe it will be a very valuable trip Landrue who organized the trip since she spoke with Dutch ambassador to the U.N. U.S. after Katrina broke New Orleans flood walls and levies Landrue said the ambassador told her about that country slotted 53 when 1800 people died He said my short come over and see what we've done since then and spoke of a fat one Katrina's been blamed for more than 13 I'm going to say again, I'm going to go there once okay Just go there once I mean you guys want to go and you go there once and say, oh, I this is really great Okay, so I go on to Boston if you went to Boston now you say, and this is really great But it's not yeah, what's the part of time it was? So I have you went to like Rochester you'd say this is this really suck Is he Neil Rogers and you see this is five 16 Short? That's The Watson being what I should I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry make you, sorry sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry,