560 WQAM presents the Neil Brothers Show to talk to Neil, that's 560560 in dating Broward. Another Kelly's called Toperia 87775 Neil, or 560 on your singular of Ryzen wireless ball and see opinions expressed by Neil, his guest or college do not represent Neil with Neil, but he Q&A's management staff. Neil Ruder Show! And god! I got the kick from the 11 ValmingIXs I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous, I'm a little bit nervous Yeah, more guitar line than for Mozart, first of all,僕 play, then kick me out and head to hip lean, wow, just coolrivile cup kick me out as you aim, kombin��는 is about Western musicians, and we love going for people that favor them to 200 Dollar, you'll know more, can be known as your guys, you can buy them for the first time pior glasses, we got a real luxury piece of nouvelle inspiration, I could also be ready to use those for a long time, isn't it? Yeah, anyway, that套urb耳ðo It's a text marriage in debate. There we go. Ah, that's something really everybody's whipped up about. I think major issue that's facing America and the world. Anyway, it's that time. It's 10 O'clock and it's Wednesday, June 7th. We got Curtis this afternoon from 2 to 3 and then your Florida Marlins man like it or not. How come they couldn't, oh, that's right, Santa West Coast. It's a new game, or 1230. See how we got screwed on that? Yeah, we did. It's a new game. Damn it. Three, three, three, three, five Marlins on deck. Thirty-five minutes. Marlins at the Giants is they try to lose the series. They've lost the first two. At last, that was locked close to the only two to one. I've got to judge state of late to watch that. That's why your bedtime story is thinking it under this morning on a website of about 930. Well, I want a lot of it. But I want to apologize profusely. I want to watch the locked four pitches with those score when I turned it on. I don't know what the mean that was about the fourth inning. We're no score. Yeah. And that was enough. That was pretty boring. In fact, I turned it on just when that kid was introducing the, uh, doubt that in for the Giants. Number two. Did you see that? I can't say I did. No. I don't know if he did that for many batteries. He just won. I don't know what that was all about. Of course, it was that it was the giant telecast they had on my package. They should all want to put that rich wall on there. Oh, God. The Marlins and the Giants from the West Coast, 335, and then we got, uh, after right after that, Geldey at the NBA finals followed by the Ed Capon Show of 10. Three hours of Geldey night again. All right. Over and over. He's like the human weapon here at QA. And we're just beating you over the head with a, like, beating you with a stick. Flageyly, you would have sharp chains. Over. Oh, that's the sound you're going to be making. Five, seven, fifteen. But anyway, we got that big end of Maranite, right? Start it. Yes, we do. And, well, no, I thought there's a big end tonight. Whatever you want to say, man, second game. And there is a big, oh, yeah, you're so full of crap. You give us bad into line Monday and I try to lay it off on me. We got the second game in the Stanley Cup finals from Carolina, Raleigh. Nothing to be fine at the beat up Carolina. I thought they said big game. This is a big game. Orals are like life and death. They got a winner came tonight. They can't have the kind of a tie tie. I don't know who they're going to play that finished guy. Markin or a tie conclin. Who's like lost without a compass in a road map. That poor kid. Anyway, they got to the goalies off the series. And that's just the way it goes. Not looking good for the oilers. That's bad. And the Canadians are pretty peeled about that. And also, that's it. That's our warden line for you. So that's the big game tonight tomorrow. You got your, uh, my, my heat. You got the Florida Panthers, the Florida Marlins, right? The Miami dolphin. The Florida dolphins. The Florida strikers. Jeff striker. And then you got the Miami heat. That's not Mickey or something. I know. That's why I had his own arena down there. Nobody wants to go there. Anyway, Billy Preston's dead. That's bad. Bad news. I'll be start with the bad news. Get out of the way early. Billy Preston, the exuberant keyboardist who landed dream gigs with the Beatles and the Rolling Stones. And enjoy his own series of hit singles, including Out of Space and nothing from nothing. You have that died yesterday. He was 59. You got nothing from nothing. I've been to the back of the. There. There's no. Is that it? Yeah. Yeah. That's the second. There we go. Here's the part I will make. Biggest. No thing. Huh? Silverfly is going to start saying I'm a thing you've been for a dead man. He's dead. He's dead. He got a house on the head. Preston's longtime manager, George Moore. Preston, a co-missed man. He was taken to a hospital in Scottsdale, Arizona, Saturday after his condition deteriorated. In other words, he was real bad. He got worse. He had a very, very beautiful last few hours and a really beautiful passing morse said by telephone from Germany, he went home good. That is just makes me want to be there. Yeah. He had a really beautiful passing and he went home good. What does that mean? People say, I'll tie the crap on people. Yeah. He's a man, and I make you feel better like a real fetal touchy feeling good. They're nothing good about it. He said, coma for months. He had battle chronic kidney failure. We seem to kidney transplant in 2002, but the kidney failed. Has been on dialysis ever since. No one for his base mile and towering afro. Preston was a team prodigy on the PNO in Oregon and led his gospel, tends tucked to classic scissors and the Beatles get back and stones can't hear me knocking. He brought, well, I wouldn't need to hear that much more of him. Okay. He broke out as a solo artist in the 70s winning a best instrumental Grammy in 72 for outer space and scoring other hits with Williko Ron and Circles, nothing from nothing with you on board again to do what would Sir Rita write. Sir Rita, what kind of an aim is that? I don't know. He also wrote Joe Conqueror's Weeper. You are so beautiful and co-wrote with Quincy Jones, the score for the 1970 movie. They call me Mr. Tiv. Hmm. Other achievements, including a musical guest on the 75 debut of Saturday Night Live and I'm having a song in after him by Miles Davis. Among his film credits, Blues Brothers 2000, Sergeant Pepper's lonely hearts club man. He's dead, Billy Preston. That's, but he went home good. What's in over there? Okay, went home good. You are so beautiful. That's Alphaz brother Joe. Joe Conqueror. Here's the pull from yesterday, who's your favorite Dan by the way, Eric Ozenopology, Joshua, a lot of people know apologies today. I, I've fastened the full 100 times yesterday, he wouldn't put it on there. I am on high the giant. You don't want to call him up and like bug him, you know. I'm sorry. You've probably in some kind of a conversation. And here that, woo, that sound he always makes. But it took till about, I don't know, 930 10 o'clock last night from to find to get the ampoule on there. So today we are, we are numerically challenged today. You know, ordinarily we'd have like probably 600 votes on there by now. And they're just easing to 1000. I don't think we're going to make it today. We only got 4 or 96. And probably he thought I was refaxing him yesterday's pull, which you know, almost the same, oh, 5.02. Why don't we go to, I don't know. What do you think? We do it. You can do it. Very important. I know. Who is your favorite dead actor, actress, we did yesterday. We do in singers today. I know we've done these before, but a long time ago. I looked back to that history thing on there. It's a long, long time ago. So maybe you changed your mind. Maybe we got some new listeners since then. No, maybe most of our old listeners died or just went away. There's what it might be. Who is your favorite dead actor or actress, Marlon Brando? How many votes did we get? We got a math today. Not 1490. 1490, it sounds like WDGV and Geneva, but I'll think so. I think I worked on a station once I was 1490 on the AMV. Marlon Brando 227. Carol O'Connor, 163 Marlon was pretty carefully with hands down his pants. John Wayne, the Duke 127, speaking of the Duke, you know, when the Democrats can't even beat a Republican who's in jail, you must have showed that all their enthusiasm for taking control of the house and senate in November. Maybe a little bit premature, by the way. You know, I just can't stand them. I mean, here's a guy out there who's in jail to Duke, do cutting him. Right. Real slime ball. And they had the election in California yesterday to find somebody going to replace him to finish out the set months of the current term. And the Republican inches out of win. Just pathetic. Jimmy Stewart 119, John Candy 89, George C. Scott 81, 80 legend in his own mind. I think it was a little overrated if he asked me. It was good. It was okay. Yes, sir. He's 72, Gregory Peck 69. The old man part two was on my cable last night with William Holden and Lee Grant. Lee Remick was in the first one. And then Sam O'Neill was in the third one. That's also making a rosé to the watch sack because it's rated so poorly. That was just reading some reviews of it just before the show. I'm lying on IMDB and it's so not good. Not a pretty picture. You ever see it? I don't think I seen it. I think I saw it. Yeah. The final line. Yeah. That's odd. Oh boy. I don't think I saw it. Any movie that William Holden's in had a big good. He was just so damn good at was scary. Anyway, Gregory Peck 69, we have Holden 54. Well, that's pretty unfortunate that more of you don't appreciate what a great actor he was. He was a drunk, but he was a good actor. Maryland member of 50, Humphrey Bogart 42. He was also kind of a shaker, but he was a good guy. Never stole a free train and Lauren Vakal is Jewish. I still can, that just amazes me. That'd be like Sam like Billy Graham in a Jewish. I just can't believe that I ain't ever known. Jimmy Calgney 39, you turn you right. I don't think he ever said you do do do do do. Whatever. I think he was. I actually was carried grant. I never said, dude, they do do do. I don't. They say all these stupid things. Jack Lemman 35. Now what is it he said? Pushed first. I know what he said. I'm just solver time in a door. I'm just. That's what he said. And he sounded just like a poopy compo when he said it. But he Davis 35. Well, over math out 33, I never liked him. I never, I don't know, I just never warmed up him. Did you? Walter Mathau? Yeah. I mean, I never. I didn't hate him or anything like that. I mean, I wouldn't like one of the room if a movie came on TV. But exactly. I just never never, never be kind of limp. Neither here nor there. Terry Grant, Archibald Leach, whatever his name was, he had 32. Now what his name was? I don't know. Well, we found it yesterday. Yeah, that was it. Archibald Leach. Archibald Alexander Leach. See, I read it read it down. Spencer Tracy 29, very overrated. Basil Rathbone 29, Sherlock Holmes. He was also Robin Hood. He was also the Baron von Prakensstein, and one of the sort of Prakensstein. He was good. Basil Rathbone, just had a great voice and just had that presence. He was Sherlock Holmes. They could make 80 million Sherlock Holmes movies and they'll have to dig his ass up again before they get the real Sherlock Holmes. Lawrence Olivier 22, Olivia Ramswood. He was, Raymond Verr 22, speaking of that. Boy, look at that. 22 piece. Do you want to tell you, I live. Grace Kelly 21. I don't understand that. Out of sight out of mind, you know. Well, she didn't make a whole bunch of movies first of all. We were just talking about weird window. Didn't Josh just watch that. And he's talking about weird window, but you know, she's beautiful. And then we just played Zingy Cosby in the race. Kelly singing true love. I've actually don't have that. And maybe you do have 50s, you know? I don't think so. Let me get out. He's what I got from Bing. I don't want to hear Bing cross. Bing, please, no. I got to do that. I don't know. I don't know. I just like that email from Norm. Norm. No, I don't. I just, you know, something. They can sit down. Norma can't and Joe Bell and Clara's Dero. And I can say enjoy some fish to the beach. And I can sit down. I can have 85 summit meetings. OK. And I don't. I got nothing to do with them. I don't care what they do. They just may all make me sick. They're just, they're just an impediment to my enjoyment of life. Grace Kelly 21 and Vancroft 17, Orson Well 16. Audrey Hepburn 14. She was sweet. She had to have more vote. Peter French 14. And if Peter were here with us today, it wouldn't be too happy about that. I was just going to take this anymore. Oh, Joe Crawford 11 went without the shoulder pads. Tony Perkins 11. He was kind of perky. Sterling Hayden 8, Lijé Cobb 5. He was just so great at scary. Henry Fonda 4. And that's it. Only 4 for Hank. Speaking of Hank, don't probably at the Velma tomorrow. He'll be on. And then Friday is a screw off again. He's doing work for somebody more important than us. 10 13 at 5, 60 WQA. I'm exonica Miami Beach. He's a fun and exciting venue for the public to purchase the hottest new products and services. From the adult industry. Oh, my God. Right. Me the adults guys including Jenna Jamison and the club's integrals, terror Patrick and others, take pictures you can brag about for years. Chaffer something sexy in the largest adult marketplace on the East Coast. Enjoy entertainment on stage with that's ranging from the comedic styles of Ron Jeremy to a 15 person male and female group performance. The old group group enjoy hours of entertainment for less cut body contest and more. Whatever way you decide to celebrate your sexiness, enjoy it with exonica at the Miami Beach Convention Center this weekend. It promises to be a memorable experience. Go on to their website, exonicamami.com. It's spelled with triplex of course. What other work could it be? Three exes, exonicamami.com. Buy your tickets there. Check out who's coming and get in full on the nightly after parties. Exonicamami.com. This Friday, June 9th, who's Sunday, 11th. This weekend, the Miami Beach Convention Center. You must be 18 and over with valid ID to go check your shoe size, your everything. You're going to check it. Exonicamami Beach, a celebration of sexy. Reace is büy hunters. This is fun ofUNG interfay fans. No. Wonderful WQwingU! As fabulous as fla'm throughout the world. Imagine there's no yoga around And I'm still alive Imagine this happiness me But yoga didn't survive Imagine if love will make Oh, had gone home, way Imagine rigour so bad I wonder if you can I know And George, in terms of Jewish, I'm dying on the hair Then the serpent's eyes to the bed Or imagine for heaven and the sun Feeling too strong We're held on, you may say that I'm a jibba But it's not that being dead I'm not feeling good You're fair And those who do they That's a booby Okay, John, I'm letting you in Last time we did this, he went to Poland I mean, he's going to win again I mean, hands down your pants You're all got a great, I got the new inquiry I told you the national inquiry And there's a great rip job here on Yoko You'll love this story I'm going to go through the whole magazine, I'm going to be a bonus today But just rip for an ass He's going to go for no time shots He just flipped out, he just went nuts But there's a picture on it, show stars with eating disorders This is the doing 12th issue of the inquiry And Barbara Strider, who doesn't weigh an ounce over 400 on here She is just at cow, he just can't believe it I would say a pig, but that wouldn't be kosher She is a beast all right We got three yesterday, we made it to Roads still spinning around They're still revolving around the earth, isn't that the way it goes? That's the way it goes, yeah And we got two, that's 66, so we made it to Y2K We made it to 66, all of these things in their life goes on Except for Billy Preston Who's your favorite dead singer? We got 547 votes I don't know about that thousand man, I'm pretty leery on it, I'm pretty tinnothy and dinnice leery Aren't you? Well that's Eric's fault, it's not 1116 Bob Marley's 70, I just don't get that I mean, it was he a singer, he's got a lot Didn't sing a song about paper that Reggae Crat What's wrong with Bob Marley? Get out of here, man, he smoked a newspaper, that was fun I don't begrudge that to anybody, but he's coming, he made good music Bob Marley? Yeah, he's got some hints that have been remade probably a million times Such as I owe him a little cry, I shot the chair I could keep going, but I don't know He works, you're gonna be talking about it Nice you're gonna be peddling me, tiny sins greatest hits Bob Marley's 70, although which one had better here? Well Bob, of course Two Morrison 57, all the similar Roy Overson 36, Roy de Boy, and a certain queen say Roy de Boy Elvis 36, Marvin Gaye 34, Johnny Cash has got Bob, third man, I don't understand that Thirty people say that he was their favorite singer, Johnny Cash Draw with that, come on, I get out of here, Roy de Cash a lot Jimmy Henry's 27, you know why you like this pull, because it's all drug induced All the drug use man, sure, I'm surprised we don't have air clapped it on here Why don't we have him on there, he's not dead I mean, I mean Kurt Cobain, he's on there Lately since I saw that movie, I keep like in her spursing those two Maybe it's a death wish Yeah Kurt Cobain was next 26, why do I keep saying that, Clapton He should've been the one to fly out the window Probably Jim Crowchee 24, he was great You got any operator, I bet you got five, I got it all Hi, he got all of Jim Crowchee, that was one of my very favorites Of course Big Bad Leave Roy Brown, was Lee Roy big and bad, I know he was Brown Remember Lee Roy Kelly, I said dude, it sounds like operator, yes it is Since you asked movie operator, he went home just fine Not a whole idiot, huh? All the court sheets All the court sheets, all the time on all hit radio Jim Crowchee 24, George Harrison 23, got my mind set on you man, I was a good son, I like that Played that on Zeta, a lot Patsy Klein 20, could she sing or what? Freddie Mercury 13, you put him on air, and then he went out of his way to tell me if Freddie Mercury died from AIDS, this is if I didn't know that You were talking about Billy Preston, you said he died from AIDS You're starting to get like Norma Kent, you know, you're telling me things that I already knew you're getting like the listeners That facts me articles we had on the website two weeks ago, okay, Norma's really getting on mind nerves that queen, I didn't say he died from AIDS Who, Freddie Mercury You said something worse than that, I said I said I don't want to hear it again Tannis, John 13, she got from having a badge of AIDS since you're my jury García 12, he died from those AIDS, died those tie dies In fact in the spare time he used to scream, I'm dying on the here, I think they died those ties Rick Nelson only 10, oh come on people, but he holly ate and Billy Preston who just died Solimenty trace out of 571 votes I would say bill, I mean Billy Preston was okay Oh Frank Sinatra says that Jack has John and Columbia South Carolina, oh god, what about time bag Dirol? Who, who now is time bag Dirol? I have no idea. What what does that mean? I don't know John from South Carolina, well I'll tell you one thing, he is a textbook example Don't ever go to South Carolina, man, oh god, you're brain language, it'll melt your brain Frank Sinatra got to get him on there I've put some of them old crumars on there like Frank Sinatra You hear the story about that band leader? Yeah, I heard that story. Yeah, I ain't no band leader How cool Neil? Yes sir, what about Mama Casselli? Do we want to put Mama Casselli? Yeah, put her on, and Mama Lacance? Put her on. Okay, I hope I don't lose you any high, how are you? Neil? Yes, okay, I'm sorry. I haven't, who are talking to a high, I'm sorry that wasn't for us, was it? Who was that? Yeah, no, it was for you guys, I love you guys, Chris and Henry, I have a poll suggestion What's your favorite thing to do when you blow off or perhaps? I'm going to go to the drag code and you're seeing it, is my boss put me out for dinner Last night, there's my birthday and I'm so hungover, I got up to dinner and I drank a beer and I'm so at all that, they gave me a kiss Thank you so much, you are welcome That's a good poll, what's your favorite thing? I'm going to do one of your, we will do it. That's cool, Chris, this is my favorite thing to do I can sit here and listen to you, don't hold time and have a good time on doing it Okay, the price is right, too, man Okay, bottoms up, Kelly, happy birthday By the way, I'm the guy that's the guitar player for Pantera, that got shot and killed, but he was the guitar player, he's not saying Oh, who cares about that? And this guy puts it on the on the air long with Frank Sinatra You better start learning your famous singers, Mr. John and Columbia South Carolina Jesus Christ, nothing to be fined and beat up Carolina, that's what everything's open tonight Poor Dwayne, that's a shame Well, that's a way, go, you know, life is a bitch, just works that way Let's play some hockey stuff, I've actually got hockey stuff on the NHL network here, other in commercial Everybody's in commercial, so why don't we do it, right as well Well, make a Christian on tap, he's from Rawley North Carolina and boy in the shirt never know it You know, the summer season is approaching fast, what's today? This is seventh two weeks from the day, I think is the first day of summer official, right? I don't know, and of course that means it must be close to Father's Day, which it is in fact it's a week from this Sunday, it's June 18 We all know what dads like to do on their big day, and on top of that they like also to eat It's time to call them melting pot and make your reservation for Father's Day, do something special for your Father, for your Father We get them that big like wedding cake, and maybe go to the hospital and visit the Don Corleone and stay in bodyguard our front and the smoke of Faggot The melting pot is a fondue restaurant in addition to their famous cheese and chocolates that I've raved about for years They serve up some serious meats in fish for hungry dads with big appetites like yours Hardy on trays from Cetacath to lay many on to black and shrimp, Teriyaki sirloin, pork lobster and lots more The melting pot definitely serves some serious food for a serious appetites and take it from me Nobody leaves the melting pot hungry. They walk out of their man gazet and put because they see an Ethiopia I keep going back to Ethiopia, it must be those fagascists They have an award-winning list of food, they have an Ethiopian man. You have a blast there and don't forget the melting pot's famous desserts You're in tea to put a big smile on dads' posts So make that call to name make reservations and invite dad to different something different and delicious A real feast, not just another one of those joints, but a real feast at the melting pot restaurant near you a full Four course gift for dad from you and don't forget when you call to make those reservations tell them that old deal sent you by they'll laugh their ass on There's a melting pot in Kendall Cooper city north-eimi Beach, Boca for love mail and most prestigious of all curls bring This is Neil Rogers This is 562A They're beautiful Welcome to the world coast soccer championships, I'm Tony Charles and I'm Nigel Derby Today's match fits the science allages of America against the French railions How do you rate this match Nigel? It should be quite the contest, so my recent oligas against a rain-ins quote made up entirely of clones of soccer great paylays Both teams are taking the field, the science allages will kick off Anyway, I'm doing it's time to have some to draw to Molder being marked closely by paylay number four Playlay number six, the smarts and duties in the court I don't know what I'm not really involved from trouble time Cruise attacks the metric 20s and back to cruise exchange The time goes is taken quickly and the railions what what is this in a piece, Toby The railions same passion true cultivation committed my solution And that bad guy loving ass join us for our next match And the self-wistant for the game is take on the bad hand next time on the world On the Danheads, they were caught on Sunday that robbed my daughter's shape of luck Oh, do we put your in carcassion here? He's got a few boats Good, thank god, put the air clamped in on Very good, well I keep hoping, you know if your in carcassion has got to do it, we'll talk to this in choir thing man Got some good stuff finally revealed the real father where Jack those kids all over doesn't see any I hope our doctor Phil already told us to wrote good and Hope unto this crack just the usual garbage. Oh and Taylor has gazed What a shocked that is huh, oh yeah, you have to be deaf dumb blind and in the box for ten years No, Taylor you're fairies spectators and family members is some of the 17 muslim entities are plotting terror attacks and Canada We're stunned yesterday stunned when they heard allegations of plans to storm parliament take hostages and be head to prime minister off of his head Find another schmata heads there over a big on that. Yes there maybe they're gonna represent in the schmata I was here that Stephen Harper had a good hand and shoulders although I wouldn't agree with that but nevertheless wouldn't have been something It would have been televised right there on live TV a third easing hearing at the Ontario Court of Justice further relates at one of these suspects Even the cost chained also plummeted to take over media. Let's include in the CBC a oh no that would be bad So that tells to the charges notably the purported plot to take political leaders hostage and be ahead them if muslim prisoners were not freed in Afghanistan See to be heading business that goes back to just how the kind of century that these people are living in and it a telling like chapped half square there when the study They chop off their hand. They chop off their heed they chop off their wealth. And they chilling dimension to a case that led US authorities to tough and security law in the border and on settle Canada's large muslim community Boy we got more ragheads here than you ever seen in your life Police say they expect more arrest and intelligence officers are probing whether 12 adults and 5 juveniles arrested over the weekend had any CM okay because my can driver he's a terrorist What I toward to that story tonight. Yeah probing whether 12 adults and 5 juveniles arrested over the weekend had any ties with his long-meteries cells in the USA and five nations in Europe and Asia Which I gave it those his name won't repeat it Chan they 25 year old rest hour worker from Toronto was one of 15 suspects who made brief court appearances Tuesday They were held behind a glass enclosure brought in as a group of four or five chain together an ankle ankle shackles and handcuffs ankle Fuckles and handcuffs Chan bearded with shoulder like I like that Fuckles You're involved with angles and beads by the Kirby stone four on Columbia records Chan bearded with shoulder live. I you don't have that one with shoulder like here The Lequist is the fortices. He was led away a formal bail hearing ceremony of the 14 cross point at least next Monday I have time to straighten all these things out in top of you heads off. You're right. I don't have it. Take a little last. Oh No, these are good ones now. That king coal. That's right. Put that bag at out. Not too many of them. They're in fact. It's made of that lung cancer and I shouldn't have said lung cancer sure. That's bad smokey. Good for you. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just a member of that thing. We have been and Tina Cruz. Oh, she out through She's going to get a lot of hopes in our no speaking waste. Yeah, there she is. Tina. I still say she was a guy Well, I have to be wrong. I don't think so. I know. I want to see But I heard and Iraqi doctor who was in the ether during a deadly US raid last year says there are many more stories like that in the ether that are yet untold This is just in the stress that did the other day say just the tip of the iceberg. That's right. Just a tip. That's what God wants. The tip. Even the rest of it, but God wants the tip. Just like a waiter in the restaurant just wants the tip. The Pentagon have been in the last week that US Marines can't we know that but a beep at a boop at a map. It's a lie. There are many many many cases like a ether that are still under cover need to be highlighted in Iraq's doctor's salon. Ish myel. Projects manager with the organization doctors for Iraq and former chief of the junior doctors and bagdands medical city hospital. In the ether itself he said the US military cut electricity and water the entire city attacked the hospital and burned the pharmacy. The hospital has been attacked three times in November 2005 the hospital was occupied by the American and Iraqi Army for seven days which in a severe breach of the Geneva Convention he said of course from Geneva, New York. And one of these attacks he was soldiers used live on ammunition inside the hospital. They handcuffed all the doctors and destroyed the entire contents of the medical storage. It ended with a killing of one of the patients in his bed. I guess that's a captive audience. The Iraqi Red Creston reported at the time that nearly a thousand families have been forced to flee their homes in her teeth, following the launch of the US military operation. Joseph Hatcher served in Western Iraqi town of Dauer from February 2004 till March of last year. He said his culture of training before the plumber consisted of a three hour class and a pamphlet he was given. It's just here where you are in a map because you'd be surprised how many people that know that hatched until life he is. The only language training we received was a handout book type flyer which was like go down in your hands and knees and don't resist. We didn't know how to make any come. Oh, I guess what it's been going to go down in your hands and knees who has the lift up to like about 8,000 pounds. You're going to be so excited when you hear this. You need to be sidebarous. Let me give you a clue. Right. How do you been down on your knees praying for a quick easy way to lose those unwanted pounds? Believe me. I know the feeling. Hi. I'm Monica Lewinsky. She's nearly 4,000 pounds. If you can see the picture of this, you would just plot. I'm telling you right now. In fact, I'm thinking the largest cemetery in the world. I got any plots being up to handle that picture. Yeah. Well, I want to think about public man. And of course, when you're married to a frigid ice princess like Hillary, you're going to go on getting anything you can. And he obviously did. You know, he could have done better than that. In fact, take a look at Hillary. So that's your tell you. At least he was consistent. He always has had bad taste. I think he's a good guy. So what it is to him or her. Her. A former Republican Congressman. See this is what I tell you about the Democrats. You know, they always know how to grasp the feet from the jaws of victory. Oh, what a normal Republican Congressman. Nearly beat his Democratic rival. The last night to fill the house. He once held by jail that Duke. Cutting hand. One of several contests in eight states closely watched as a possible early barometer next fall's vote. Republican Brian Bill Brayn, who emerged in more emerged victorious after a crossing. Contentious special election race against Democrat Francine Busby. Ordered she was Kim the Steve Busby. They used to play for the Washington Senators 100 years ago. A local school board member. He's a good outfielder man. Steve Busby. Does that Steve Busby or Jim Busby? Ruth Busby. Jim Busby. Who's Steve Busby? Is that a basketball player? Busby Berkeley. Ah, Josh don't know any of this stuff. He's just a punk. With 90% of free things we're putting. I've actually Josh Dero knows this stuff. You're not even knowing anything else. Who? Jim Busby? Steve. Steve. Steve on a both baseball. Jim Busby. Is the guy I'm thinking of though? Steve is more recent. With 90% of free things we're putting. Bill Bray had 56, 130 votes or 50% Bill Bray saved a trail with 45%. The race was viewed by Democrats as a chance to capture a solidly Republican district and build more mental mode. On their hopes to capture control of the house. Moe on control but didn't happen. Also in California, state pressure or fuel angeline is nearly beat controllers Steve Wesley and the state's Google control parameters not related to Glen Wesley who placed for Carolina. He next faces GOP Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger who faced no credible opposition in his parties. Navigation and it goes on. Also the only good news is, and not really good news but something. Alabama Republican Governor Bob Riley easily beat back with GOP primary challenge from 10 commandments judge Roy Moore. While Democratic former governor Don Segelman who campaigned while on trial on corruption charges, lost his comeback fight against Lieutenant Governor Lucy Vaxley. Also in Alabama of course voters passed a ban on gay marriage by March 4 to 1. I wonder who the one was if they fired that one. Pick his ass. You know, we're gonna all go to time to a tree in yellow. Well, I shoot his ass when you think I would have heard. Maybe maybe they'll just do the old sever head trick. This is Neil or Roger Carr. This is 5.16. I'm not a fan of the fact that if you love the lisions could mean in Omaha State. But we're something a bit more exotic than you got to try. Phil Mott State. I want that smarty Joe's medium rate. That's right. We slaughter horse racing's finest past champions. We're just trapped them in colorful cells and overnight them straight to your home. Who wants an end of jocom over here? I do. I'm so hungry. I give you a horse. Well, now you can. Thanks to film on steak. We're in the triple crown of breed taste. Try new bell-mine steaks. Anything less is just long and a dead horse. I always like that chicken picker burger myself. 1046-14 before 11 at 5.60. I've heard this for a little cameo today. Broad daylight when people are working on the sun. Curtis to the three. Marlon game. Let's see. Hey. Well, listen. 26. 26. And if this rate they might actually win over 50 games. They're so close to me. They got a good shot at about 55. That's a hell of a season. Of course, if they won 55, they'd lose 107. But you know, that's being negative. Jellby at the NBA finals follows the Amarlan Giant's game. The third game in the series and then it gets 10 to 9. Get the game out of the way early. So you can sleep all the night. Marine down, right. It's good all marine. He's always got something to say in the ortimes. And this isn't cost you dime either. You can't even get a lot. No. Is that right? This on 660 six. You said yesterday. Well, it's today's paper. But yesterday's come with new Damian demonically wheeling through movie theaters. Trying to kill his mom and remake of the old man. Let us now speak a famous booge man. Who's in that will be the booge man? There's a little bit of a third heaven. I can never think of his name. It's not about the most recent. Very Watson. There you go. Elementary major Watson. The candy man in 1988 whipping up the fear that if Michael DuPakis were elected, Hards of swore these skills would be freeed on weekend for rule and swore into your neighborhood. W. supporters beat back the McCain threat in the 2000 South Carolina primary by spreading gossip that the Arizona Senator had father a black baby, a creepy distortion of the fact that he and his wife had adopted little girl from Bangladesh. Carl Roven at water acolyte had a closet full of booge man whisking W. Pass to finish line in 2004. Terrorists who might strike again. Gays who wanted to get hitched. Stim cell research. Darwin and Dan Rather and a swift voted John Kerry. W. prefers tactical bait and wars to real ones. Tell refauders lead by joining conservatives to support a constitutional ban on flag burning. The president had a truly terrifying booge man Rozama, but instead targeted a fake nuclear villain in Sodom. His play down bedlock and first everting the resources of the capturing and not everting the money to protect against his likely targets. Letting Homeland Security funds be moved from New York and Washington. John Stewart said that Osoma Hogg, a lot of Homeland Security money because it was under threat by the renowned Midwestern terrorist O'Hama bin Laden. They're O'Hawb bin Laden. I blew it. O'Hawb bin Laden. That's cute. That was cute. You've not blew it. As Mike Crowley of the New Republic notes, the FBI does not even mention 9, 11 is 10 most re-wanted fugitives, pro-filebosama. The post erupted in November 2001. Since bin Laden has wotted the bombings of the US MSU's intensity and Kenya. Kenya believe it. That killed 21998 and is a suspect in other terrorist attacks. Not one word of the nearly 3000 killed on September 11. During that, their monopoly on Washington power could be coming to an end. Voter's grumpy of Republicans over Iraq, gas prices, Medicare, social security, corruption while spreading in general incompetence, both strategists have revived the game-errage Frankenstein to scare the basin of turning out for the midterms. That bright-of- Frankenstein of better be female. Same sex marriages far less spooky than the 17 severed heads recently found in a village northeast of Baghdad or the terrorist suspect accused of fenced firing to be head to Canadian Prime Minister. Wicked-of-the-game erudition in the 19 months after he used to tell them to stay in the White House to reprise it now, knowing it has no chance of passing. It's so transparent that surely even the most blinkered values voters see through it. When Poles were asked Americans their top priorities, game-errage doesn't leap on the list, and new ABC News Bowl only four intensivated were in favor of re-writing custody to snad all. Even as Wicked gave a speech here promoting a constitutional amendment, decided demonizing the discriminated against the group of Americans who have done nothing wrong, it's hard to see a minute. A democratic strategy just noted on CNN that the president looked as cow to say long-tailed cat in a room full of rocking chairs. Wrestling with a racket a random worn down W. and he knows as we do that a couple of middle-aged guys who won a tie the knot and province town is not the worst threat of America faces. With our Marines needing refresher courses in core values, and with Dictany promoting values like torture, government snooping, and preemptive war, it rings however to opportunistically priceless ties on family values. Mary Cheney, the gay daughter of the vice president, told interviewer's recently better father opposed the marriage amendment. As the times we do who sometimes emails may put it, the values voters should not be opinion voters. They believe that God hates homosexuals, that superstition trumps the signs every time, that all those foreigners ought to be sent back where they came from, and that all government programs are wasteful and immoral except the course for the government programs which benefit them. Those are opinions not values and mostly ignorant opinions of that. And over Republicans are desperate. Does it make sense to use gay love to hate longer here when we have so much real hate coming at us from abroad? Ask your buddy, Mary, and dad. I'm going to go, girl. Very good. I'll see how many votes we got on a pool. Let's see if we got a fighting shot of the thousand of the because if not, I'm taking the right to the month off. Rest of the year. 625. You think we're alive? And you know, somebody didn't put Karen Carpet around his pool, and I say Karen Carpet, I said it right on the air. Yes. Did I say that Josh? He's getting the food right now, but I don't remember you saying that. I'll put it on right now. He's getting the food right now. See, see what I'm up against. He's out the car room. He's all right here. What's going on? I think he's like a carpet around. He put that bitch on there. What are you like anti-carpet around? You're talking about, you didn't tell me what you're doing there. I will bet you your next 17, 7 tall bitch. Tell me when I'll rewind. I don't remember any hour. I've always been made up about Billy Preston this morning. Yeah, you make it a lot of stuff. I've always been a person died from AIDS. I didn't say that. And Karen Carpet or she would have just eaten an extra sandwich. Okay, I didn't say it. Whatever you want it in the eye. Look, I know that. I saw that movie many times. What? Gaslight? That's the one. With Humphrey Bogart? Yeah, with Billy Preston. 634 votes. I think we may have a shot. Do you think? Let's get out and push. Oh, there is a John Stewart. Well, that is the most surprising thing about the cup. Oh, I have to say I was a big fan of their variety. I still remember. I still remember one of their big kits. We got to do something about our first thing to India. Oh, boy. Anyway, like I said, I just, I'm not fortunate enough to catch all of our really funny bits. 634 votes. Who's your favorite dead singer? John Lennon 134 Bob Marley 76 Bob Marley my ass. I don't get that. I mean, I understand a lot of people like Bob Marley and like his hairdo and like to the fact he used to smoke a big fat sniff mine, but come on. But you know, we're asking their opinion. And maybe they just got a copy of opinions, you know? Jim Morrison 62 Elvis 42 Roy Orbison Roy the boy. That's what the Fags say. Roy the boy 40 Marvin Gaye 37 John A. Cash 33 Jimmy Henry says got third man. Kurt Cobain 29 you see the connection between most of these names and drugs. Yeah, they like the drug use not not so this I mean Jimmy Henry's good he's sing or water. So what's that most of his time in a purple pays no, oh, count. Kurt Cobain and Jimmy Henry's each have about 30 Jim Crow to 25 George Harrison 25 patty client. She's the walk and after midnight 21. Freddie Mercury 17 we died of pneumonia. Janice Joplin 15. He might have actually had no more systems pneumonia. You see, so I should have said like headache right to take to Janice Joplin 15. Here we go. See a 14. Karen Carpenter just went on her. She already got one. She have a whole bunch of you to put around her when I told you. Rick Nelson a dozen Frank Sinatra a buddy Holly a and a didn't need nothing. Billy Preston 3 see the cruises got a pair. I believe that and now where you think either Karen Carpenter 1 neck and cool one and Mama Castle yet none. Now did they say that we just made up story about that. That we're talking about. That was correct. It was a made up story about her choking on a sandwich or something. That was really what did you well. It's Google and let's do it right Wikipedia probably has it. Yeah, Wikipedia it's wicked as Mama cast what about what's your name? Well also is dead. There aren't really too many female singers you don't want to come right out of it. What are you talking about? Peggy Lee is still alive and she or she dead. I mean I wouldn't put her on her huh? No idea. You don't have any idea about Peggy Lee. Well, while you're on Wikipedia do a little Peggy Lee a day. She's got fever fever in the morning and something at night. I can't say it though. So 643 will be closing on 700 by the end of the hour which is approaching very fast not fast enough for me. Wait to log into this inquire stuff man. It is just although I can't show you the pictures on a radio Taylor Hicks case can't let it come on you know that's supposed to be like a bulletin good God. Oh Jessica and Nick war spreads to the siblings. You know Ashley Simpson was a tremendous talent. Yeah, let's see she she married Drew the his brother is that correct. I'm afraid I'm not as up to date on the Simpson as I should be. That's not true. Oh, well see Josh is it's obviously he's big on Ashley Simpson. No, I don't think that's what I'm talking about Jessica. She looks like a guy with a blonde wig. It's got a picture of her as well. Oh, who actually right. You know, Harry keeps the close was Ash. 643 we got a shot as Jimmy Johnson said we got a shot. Of course in his case he should have been shot. Made a piloto storage made trash the brain stem real bad. It's all done washed up and then he came in there. What did he do? How long was it? Four years I think they'd have fooled himself. Yeah, didn't do too well. Talked big game. No, and of course he's under Fox talking. They're not going to bring back Shannon traffic in. Are they this football season? Please tell me know. Well, we would hope not so that all probably my god. Why the racial organization don't do something about that. He says racialization's back about 6,000 years man. He's just impossible. Trust being an idiot. At least Dion was a snappy dresser. It was a factor for a pimpe, you know. So question. 1056 is 560 W2A and hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players. Pomp and O park racing and poker's got all the plunging action you want. We'll also feature some casting at a Bellman stakes this Saturday, June 10. You don't have to waste any extra gas. You'd rather than you have to watch and punch on the third leg of the triple crown. Or is they call it this year the triple crown. Pomp and O park will feature early bird wagering on the Bellman this Friday, June 9 starting in 1 PM. And on Saturday, June 10th, Bellman day, you can watch him tundra guts out on the Bellman. Thanks, plus the last two races from Bellman Park. Come be part of the crowd as they go to the winner of the third leg of the triple crown. Well, we know triple crown. You can be sure that. Pomp and O park will also have free pass performance pages for the Bellman. In fact, I don't want to be insensitive, but I think that Barbro could kind of like limp around the track and make him a shot at it. You're going to hurt that horse as feelings. Oh, Located just to have math from both I and I. And the turn five, Pomp and O park is easy to get to invest of all. Pomp and O park offers you free admission and free general parking everyday. Live harness racing in the great smoke free poker room is open every Wednesday Friday and Saturday. Tonight, today, poker gets set away. Noone goes on till midnight and live racing gets set away nightly at 725 tonight and every Wednesday Friday and Saturday. And also speaking of Wednesdays, every Wednesday at Pomp and O park is dollar night. That's when grab beer, soda, soft dogs and more just a bucket piece starting at 6 in the PM. So whatever you do, almost a bell might. You can see it and bet on it this Saturday, June 10th at Pomp and O park. A black side of the Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the curracing schedule called 9 5 4 9 7 2 2 1000 Roger Web Pomp and O park dot com. And when you go to Pomp and O park go up at a club. I'm going to be sure. Concomplement like good friend Dick. Oh, those really great Hawaiian shirts. This is Neil Rod. Have to find where we like this. I you Joe. This is the Neil Rodger show. Oh, those are dollars. This is your brain. Who thinks that they're probably any questions? This is Albert Kider from Charlie Van Records of fighting you American infidel to why latest cast events collection. You know, it is right. Take your head off your body. Got a machete with the real sharp brain. Where's that an American out there? Make those in the middle of the day. I was on shooting this classic. I was off the air. And suddenly the change. There matters I can burn. And where's that on my head? I'm in for a day and a 16. One two day one with the money from your purchase does not go to fund terrorism. It's not time to get off the thing. Just relax and take it easy. The other just dumb. That's your fault. It wouldn't happen if I were to find our skin. And a rat. If you want. Hey, do you see me? Another variation on the classic. I asked myself every day. Which Americans should pay? The sound is too much. I'm going to get you a brother. I'm going to get you a necker. She lives in a very unexplored house. So by no catch, she even collects you in September 1995. Or you can play with me some nice regards or weapons of nice distrust. And back at you. Hey, good job. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Okay, this relax. I can't afford for this story now to print out. This is a two important thing. Russell Shaw writes and quote her bitches too kind of word for you. Got it. You're like that? I'm Jones into here more. Let me see if he's going to print out now. Oh, no. Oh, no. Earlier today, this is yesterday and the Huffington Post Russell Charlotte this. The show is met lower challenge, frightening pun did not write Wing, but frightening pun did end quarter on this charming statement of hers. The self-obsessed women seem genuinely unaware that nine levels of attack on our nation and acted like as if the terrorist attack only happened on them. They believe the entire country was required to marinate in their exquisite personal agony, apparently denouncing Bush was part of the closure process. Then Matt said, and this is the part I really need to talk to you about. These bras are millionaires lie and eyes done TV and articles about them, referencing their status to celebrities and stocked by grief for Ratsis. I've never seen people enjoying their husbands death so much, because they dare speak out, Matt's an asked and quote her then said something in the effect that she that the left love is the fact that by being widows these women exudes certain gravitas of credibility. Well, and if you believe these are reveling millionaire bras and I'd like you to be a fly on the wall tonight. A fly on the wall is one of these widows listed her dead husband's picture about her desk and members of the finer times. A fly on the wall is one of these widows looks at the other side of what was her marriage bed and sees no one there. A fly on the wall is one of these widows if her this is a new male friend of her children and they instantly, it only to themselves wonder if he'll be as kind and loving to their mother as their slain father was. A fly on the wall is one of these widows listen to a new audio tape by Osama bin Laden and wonders why the man who was the Ottoman mastermind of her husband's murder hasn't been caught. A fly on the wall is one of these widows kneels in prayer looks up to heaven at the projected presence of her slains husband spirit and with tears in her eyes says, I'm doing this for you because you can't sweetheart. A fly on the wall is one of these widows reads her here's encoder's hurtful, spiteful words in dand and quoted a hill. I'm no authority on the next life and coder burn out something about this life and in this life concerning you to bitch to miss two kind of nice Ignatian. I've got a better word for you and coder that word rhymes with a football team's often do I'm forced down. Is that good or what? You punt? All right. She's a whore paid off her. Man, it's good. I'll just like Miss Fudge. You know her boyfriend. So anyway thanks to a facts about there who affects us in the real the MS on no I'm a cast. I printed that up off of Wikipedia. I thought there was this interesting. Well thanks to George for a pretty much no sort of paper cut during that last little crisis there. But I'm a knuckle. Oh, I sure hope that there's no punt of a woodline I believe on my sheen mind. In fact, wouldn't be the first time when we the first time we're going to be my sheen. Hello. Yes, sir. I know you're not too big on dark phones but I want to put loose on what does that mean? I'll give him loose a vanjoice on the pole. Yeah, so what does that mean? Some of my favorite singers were black. Okay. I'll get out of here. That's a big on black folks. All that motown stuff. Well what is wrong with you? Why do people say that? That's such an ass and I and thing to say. You know, I deal with people as a lot of our rights and my best friends are white. Put them through vanjoice on I put more black artists on there, but I just can't think of that many who are dead. You know, Marvin Gain, who Marvin Gain? He's on there. He was kind of like light, mocha anyway, he wasn't. He wasn't chocolate. He was like even lighter than Ray Nagin had. Well, name me some. We got Jimmy Hendrix on it. That's what it's the list Bob Marley seems to me. He was a damn dark. That's pretty dark. Let's know that you are Marvin G. Jimmy Hendrix, right? Right. Let's see. Billy Preston was black. That king cool. I got news for it. There are no darker people in the world. That king black is cold. Right. That's correct. He just happened to be a very dark employee. You know what? Like city partia. He didn't know he wasn't a singer. What about Johnny Nash? You said something about him yesterday. Yeah, that he died of AIDS. Huh? That's that he died of AIDS. Oh, what are you stop already? I wonder if he's dead or alive. We could put him on everyone can any votes. So we had a cover of this. I'll check it out. Luther Band Ross. There are many dead big singer people. I can think of if you got some fine black. That's their job to do the research. How about he's not commote. We can put a Japanese guy on there. But I'm not too big on the Japanese. Yeah, right. I don't know where that comes from, man. Oh, maybe he heard the show. Yeah, maybe he heard you make some kind of a racist remark. But probably was Josh who would make that comment about Steve Nash. What? There's two socks on Motel on Capitol Records. Hi, someone at Sukiyaki. Oh, the vote over like no wonder. Yeah, that's why I talked it up real. That's so handsome. Cute sockamoto. I had that record. Aren't you excited about that? Yeah. Don't ask me why. Why? I don't understand. Myths and urban legend holds that Mama cast Elliot died while choking on a hand sandwich. This is patently incorrect. Surely after her death, but before her autopsy, the time is published in article I quoted her doctor is speculating that she probably died as result choking on a sandwich while lying in bed. However, later that week the courter found no food in her trickier and determined that the cause of death was hard failure. Oh, how could that be? She didn't wait more than 800 pounds right. Nevertheless, the juicy rumors spread with the popular imagination and bellishing that it was a hand sandwich, possibly based on association with hand pigs and her obesity. No. Another version of the story holds that the doctor found a sandwich or partially eaten sandwich in a room causing the speculative out the cause of death. The urban legend led to the joke that if Mama can't see giving care and carpet to her hand sandwich they both feel like today, I always like that. Come on, Karen. Just a little nosh. Come on. Another popular myth about Mama cast is that her vocal range was improved after she was sitting on the head by copper tubing, too, but shortly before joining the band. Elliot had been dogging her friend and former bandmate. Then he dored he led her to join the band. The myth purports that while cast and the band members were the virgin island, copper tubing fell on her head and miraculously changed her voice. The myth was started by band member John Phillips as a justification for letting her into the band after initially refusing her to allow the joint. He repeats the story himself on the PBS special California dream in the songs of the modders and poppies insisting it's true. Casey Casey repeated the story during a show. It was right after they lost that band dog. Now let's see if you have a bit you got the Mama's in the poppies. Yeah, that's a lot of one here. I love them. I like them a lot. I want to hear it. The E2 Hollywood strip biography about Mama Cass reports and revised the completely unfounded and baseless rumor that singer songwriter John Lemner's a Beatles may have been the father of Elliot's daughter Owen. Uh oh, that's it. Just a tease. This rumor most likely, but you'd cut it off because you know I was going to neglect Neil it. This rumor most likely originated from Cass's obsession with the beatle many years after Cass's death. Bad name Michelle from several and find her real biological father. It's Wednesday. So can I tell? Probably do not a pulver going to make that thousand a day or what? That's what everybody in town is talking about. That's what I'm hearing. That's the feedback I'm getting. Because 690. Oh, I can't say that. You know something during the break. 693. During the break we hopped over. We went from 665 to top of every fresh air went to 667. So we hopped over the obvious. That's a good thing. That's been Jesus. 690s we both Luther Vandross by the way. We don't have any votes here. We put them on there. Even though I'm not too a big unguarded people. Probably I said it one thing. Can't get much bigger than that with that icy sleeve. I see where that icy hot sleeve and the icy hot patch during the game tomorrow night. Can't hurt. That's a good thing. When you go to Detroit, you better wear all the protective armor you can. Just keep that in mind. You're going to Detroit. No. Do not go there. I find the thought of the name's Powerville and Weberville and Brighton. Remember the other day I couldn't take those names as you driving from West Indy Detroit. You go through all these suburbs, these Northville. All these followerville and Brighton and Weberville. Oh God. Excitement of Khomemite is finally exciting for the public to purchase the hottest new products and services from the adult industry. Meet adults stars including Jenna Jamison and the club genigirls. Terrapactric and others. Take pictures you can brag about for years. Shop for something sexy and the largest adult marketplace on the east coast. Enjoy entertainment on stage with that's ranging from the comedic stylings of Ryan Jeremy. I guarantee you one look at him you'll pee in your pants laughing. To a 15 person male and female group performance. Enjoy your time. Enjoy your time. Enjoy your time. Enjoy your time. Enjoy your time. Enjoy your time. Enjoy your time. Enjoy your time. Enjoy your time. Enjoy your time. Enjoy your time. Enjoy your time. Enjoy your time. Week of Why do we give the down? I'm sure they'd end these scenes shouldn't make a job from animals, man! You're only good when you're perky! The credibility's what you lack! Are you going to cross your legs and smile? When you're live on the scene? I'm ready! So good back to the situation! Now those cooking shrieks man! You won't treat but we're no longer! Or into you the captain, man! Now the world is the happy sky in the world! Who will wait for you to go? Oh, you're not to think that you're the one! Beyond the temptation! Did she start any other one? I don't want to see me as news! Oh, I've had a lot of fun in the world, but she's a little bit of a bad shiver. I bet you don't watch any nightly newscast! I don't watch newspury, actually. Good. Good thinking. Get to the press. I'll read the paper, but that's it. Yeah, you read our bedtime stories. That's all you need to know. Yeah, the title. Oh! Nice little association of broadcasts of President and CEO David Rear, who's kind of a pain in the... Rear? Ask. As sent along to the FCC Chairman Kevin Martin,nergingly commission investigator, the FBI radio is offering a free listenership. The NSAB is concerned about free trials subscription that become standard with new SM and serious receivers installed in cars. Thus allowing listeners to hear potentially offensive and indecent material without having paid for it. As well as recent reports of radio being able to pick up set-cancers signals that are over-modulating. Over-modulating. So they're like bleeding over to the conventional terrestrial bands. Uh-huh. We are says that the NSAB is concerned about the unequal regulatory treatment between free over the Air and satellite radio and Dan Wellaudaby. He says we send articles about satellite broadcasting bleeding through so they can be picked up on FM radio. And no, here's the best part that we had this once before. Even on normal, probably send me a breathless email about it later on. No, said people listening to NPR and Christian radio on non-commercial stations at the end of the radio band have been especially subject to the receipt of unwelcome satellite program that could clearly fall within the FCC's definition of indecitematerial during NPR and Christian radio all my God. The NSAB has passed along complaints to the FCC that's stationed to receive over such incidents. We're also discuss this free trial of satellite radio and new cars and immetal cars and just to the extent that satellite radio service is now received free by non-subscribers. This undermines the frequently metagrement that satellite radio should be regulated very differently than traditional broadcast radio. Simply because satellite is a subscription service. So you see, they're creeping into our frequencies now. Just like that Spanish language cats, I haven't heard any more about that. I don't know anything about it. They killed Castro or something more they've done about that. Nothing. I don't know. Is that still bleeding true real bad? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. So what ever happened with the voices I was hearing before, Josh, do you go in there and investigate? Yeah, there was nothing going on. I heard some voices in the back during a couple of spots. In fact, I think it was Robert Creeper saying, yeah. Somebody, who I am, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing tonight? Okay. So today you mentioned a fruit fly and it cracked me up because you supply up there where the guy is something about the guy being hung like a fruit fly. Uh-huh. If you think what that is, a play of form, I mean, we can play that no more. You're dreaming man. We can play that. You're in fact, if we did, we would get hung. We'd get the old severed head routine, not like a fruit fly either. But this guy, you know, you people just don't understand it, do we? And now that the house is going to like, you know, cave in. If they haven't done it all the way this morning, they're going to do it sometimes. They're going to pass that indecency thing that the same amount of senate pass. And they're going to jack up the fines to a 325 grand per cent 32. If you think that it's repressive and restrictive now, you ain't heard nothing yet. That's why it's so stupid that Norma's having this idiotic meeting with the two of the Tromworth there on Friday. You know, the Tromworth Joyce, Joe and Josh, they're all that is. That's the, we have to change our name. Well, let's see if Janapal cracked, we'll allow us to see what Intrinity broadcasting. That's the evil Trinity. Joe, Josh and Joyce, the three gentlemen. This is certainly in that order. Yeah, see they thought that the three sixes with the evil thing. No, it's the three days. They probably thought it's done for old Jews. So don't be talking about crap like that man. You're going to line up in prison and federal prison. I'm going to get to this inquire stuff. I meant after we take 400 cars. It's been teas. I'm going to let's keep our eye net pole now because I don't, you know, Josh lays down on the job. He's not pushing the audience to get under and vote. We're definitely going to get it down in there. No, 715 old beans, 715. I don't know. It's 22 past 11 times marching on and you know what's too cocky. So you know what it is? It's not Tuesday. So it's not Prince for any day. It's not Thursday. So I'm not wearing a green shirt. It's wood vine Wednesday, man. Oh, that you have to, if I play my cars right, what I could do is like maybe during a long break, I could like get my clothes all on and go down or get that package. Right? Because that's got to do book of brinders. It's also got all my new stuff for my iPod. That is correct. You know, I'm not going to get involved with Gary Sarner, but really it just frost my fan S. But then again, they don't listen to the station anyway. And certainly not to this show because they're all bunch of sports nerds. And what does this show have to do with that? You know, but now that I got my iPod and I'm shopping around for like maybe a docking station. But I'm hearing certain other people do it. Yeah, I don't want to get involved in it, but Gary Sarner man, you are as useless as breast on a hog. Speaker of that, here's that picture Barbara Streisand. Oh, no boy. And for that no bra on. Oh, oh. Oh, my. I haven't seen the picture on the parade. You know something. If you saw this picture, if you want to scare the terrorists, this would do it. Yeah. If you want to send those some back in the hills, this would do it. She could use a burka. Oh, please. Man, every jerk or should be covered by a burka. Yeah. So they pointing down. They knocked off the side. Oh, she's got a jacket on. And it only shows her right breast, which is quite like pooping down kind of southeast. Southeastern. The other one is kind of like a... I don't know. I don't know what that is. I just threw up in my mouth. Yeah, there you go. And she's got a pooping on here man. Oh, yeah. So they spat boy looks like Karen Carpenter on a bad day. See, the thing on the cover is stars with deadly eating disorders. Now most of the ones they show not all, but many of them are like an arrested. Right. Nicole Richie who weighs four pounds. You know, Nicole Richie's got a bra on and I have no idea why. Oh. I mean, it over a face. No, seriously. My boobs are bigger than hers. Isn't that even debatable? She's wearing a bra on. What's the point for what? She's a nasty skank. Good. God. And then here's also a guess who low point five six ninety one pounds. I guess you have to turn into the article and find out who that is. Oh, I hear it's actually Simpson. Josh is a soulmate. Mm-hmm. She's five six and she weighs seventy pounds. Oh, she's not even the one on the front page. She's a different one. Oh, here's she. Another one. Courtney Thornsmith. She five six and a hundred and three pounds. Well, she used to look good. Far bra. She's a way. She don't lay an ounce over six hundred. Seriously, here's a much bigger bigger version of the picture on the front cover. I'm going to go buy that magazine. Oh, you got to get this. It's the June 12th issue. Well, you won't miss it. Believe me. Heading disorders. Felicity Huffman. She five five and ninety eight pounds. Yeah. Kelly Clarkson five four one one nine. See, I know. I mean, you can only act in all of bra. Her ass is bigger than apartment complex. I have to read this right now. Okay. So you're getting me all out of order here. But this is a Christy alley. Oh, look at that. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, listen. She may as Barbara look like Halley Berry on her hottest everyday. That's a good daughter. There is a picture here. They'd be for printing, you know, before she, a star wearing these wheels, heights, skirts. In your life, you have never seen, you want to vomit meals that you haven't seen. Remember what it was anymore. Oh, oh, my goodness. Wow. Her ass. Her puppet her boobs. I mean, she and the face that hair. You, you've got to get this. Please, I'm begging you. Somebody's got to bring it into you. The June 12th issue of the National Enquirer. It is, it is a must. Oprah Winfrey has got to picture that cow. She was on a 400 calorie day diet. And then she added a couple of zeros on it. She says, I have an eating addiction that I'm constantly trying to control. I know there are venincences where I'm eating to repress my feelings. Poor baby with her billion dollars. With those words, Oprah, a lifelong yo-yo diet or confessed the world's worst-cap secret to her Tasha audience. Now, 52, she's also admitted. I've been struggling with my weights since I was 22. In her most famous weight-related episode, 5, 7, Oprah lost 67 pounds of three months. And a 400 calorie day liquid protein diet, 1980, by the way, several people died on that. She probably showed off her some hundred and thirty pound figure on National TV in six size 10 genes. But two days later, two days later, the genes didn't fit no more. And her weight continued to sore, hitting a high of two seventy five. Ha ha ha ha ha. Two days. She finally took control of her eating when inside a say doctor's told it to diet or die. She turned 50. Just about a year ago, she probably showed off her remarkable hundred pound weight loss in fitted clothes. Since then, she's packed on 57 more pounds. Wow. Oh, she's tried numerous diets and exercise regiments for a cheat. For addition to food always seemed to refail in the end. Food is my drug she says, and I just can't kick it. Old style, new style, any style. Wow. What a cow. Man. See, one thing about me, I now, 180, seven this morning, it's not too bad for me, huh? Right? Not good. I'm still a cow. I'm looking back at you. I'm sitting here. Wait better than you have been. They used to be better than that 240 and I OG. Oh, man. I can't even imagine what that was like. I'm lazy to wear those big wide burrs. I think it's a color chart. Could you find where we're going? Put your shoes on without straining. Shoes. What were those? Yeah. 27 past 11 at five, 60, WQAM. If you love voting, hey everybody likes getting out there in a water having a great time, especially in South Florida. But if you ever thought about buying a boat, just stop and think before you do it. There's so many negatives. First of all, the cost and of course all agree for work. Instead of doing that, after Mark that down, I was the first time I coughed today. I'm making a big comeback. Instead of wasting all that money, coughed up, not a code 1,800 boat rent right now. Why would you want to pay the expenses of vote ownership when you can rent one totally hassle free? This is the first smart people to do it and get out there in the water being intelligent way. Join the club, Club Notico. Call 1,800 boat rent. You'll be amazed at how easy to make it for you. No docking costs, no expensive. Keep no insurance or dare I say it. No hurricane preparation. Starting as of a couple days ago in hurricane season. With a boat from Club Notico, it's totally stress free and affordable too. What's not to like? Call 1,800 boat rent. No getting the boat ready because guess what? Club Notico does it for you. No peating a feeder. Guess what again. And Club Notico, you just hop on your boat and go and have a fabulous time when you've done pulling the dock it off and leave just walk away. Just walk away. Club Notico, call me 1,800 boat rent whether it's unlimited voting to pay as you go. Whether it's small, both all the way up to yacht charters and everything in between. These are the people you want to call Club Notico. Call 1,800 boat rent. Club Notico, Taylor, plan to fit what you need and your budget too. Save a lot of cash and all the hassle too. Get on the water, the smart and expensive way with Club Notico today. Call 1,800 boat rent. This is Neil Rogers. What's all it is? It's 5, 16, 2, 8, 5. Gang rape is fun. On the next Oprah, you'll be shocked. You'll be amazed. You'll be talking about it for the next. However long until she shocks you again. Oprah, makes your wildest dreams come true. Today, every one of the studio audience, all 276 members, get a brand new liver. Everybody gets a liver. Underbody gets a liver. Then tomorrow, all 276 studio audience members, get a brand new new viola. Everybody gets a brand new new dish. Everybody gets a brand new new dish. The next day, all 276 members of the studio audience, get a three-foot helper monkey. Everybody gets a three-foot helper monkey. Everybody gets a brand new new dish. The next day, all 276 audience members, get a new prosthetic arm. Everybody gets a breast of your own. Everybody gets a breast of your own. You're proud. Giving away great sucks. You didn't have to pay for it. Even though she could easily afford to. And make a decent. Everybody in the studio audience, get a segment. Everybody gets a breast of your own. We're past 276, 2, 6, 8, 9, 9. We got, I think, 700 and some boats. We get close to 800 by the end of the hour. We got to lift. What do we got? 745. I think we got a shot. Don't you? Your favorite dead singer? I think we got to put like Tammy to roll on there too. She was great. Speaking of dark dead singers. Should we go to the boat? Tim Weston, Tammy to roll. Huh? Let's do it. What about Gladys Knight? She's not dead, but she was black. Get that one guy happy. 746 votes on their mama castes on the bottom with one. Luther Van Ross has got only one. Billy Preston 3, acting cool 3. See the crew's name. Buddy Holly 8. Karen Carpenter did not eat 12. Rick Nelson 13. I guess this audience is 7. That crazy about Rick Nelson. Who? Come on. You like his music. He's fine. Jerry guys. He's been in Jerry Garcia. You got that right. Okay. And Jerry Garcia's got 15. How do you like that? All you Rick Nelson fans. But a hop on there. Man, start revolting. What's that? Rick Nelson. Get out of here. Yeah. I hate that song. Why did you pick that song? I'm a play of all the songs. I just thought that song was a fancy like Hello Mary Lou. Huh? There we go. Like I said, something fancy like a hilarious, our travel and man or something a little bit of a beat to a little something. Anyway. There you go. That was the first music video ever made. That was before it was before you made. Yeah. Did you know that? I did. I totally before, but you forgot because you're too much drugs. That was the first music video ever made. Now as you Nelson done it. And in the background, he had all of his group there. They were singing the song back around the head. It looks like Hawaii in different places. You know, all over the world. Welcome garden party is in here under Rick Nelson. And everything else is under Rick Nelson. Well that's because by that time he became Rick. You know what you get to be certain. And that's an interesting point, you know. Yeah. No, and that's just like in sports. No matter how old a guy gets to be. He's always like Bobby or Tommy or Timmy. Yeah. But like in the real world, like in real life, he went from Rick Nelson to Rick Nelson. Because he was trying to shed his teenage pop star image. And of course, he went over like a little balloon. Yeah. And he was pretty peored about it. You know, he did that thing in Madison Square Garden. He didn't sing all the old hits. And they booed and they got all that out of shape. And that's why he did the song. In fact, this is the song. Yeah. Why you playing all the street Nelson? He's good. Yeah. Here at García's got 15 and that's just, I don't know what you people are thinking about. Janice Johnplin 16, Patty Klein 23, or is that pasty? Freddie Mercury 24, died from hiccups. Frank's an October 25, Jim Crochi 27, George Harrison 28, my sweet lord. I got my mind set in you. Jimmy Hendrix 32, Kurt Cobain 34. Oh, you got to see that movie. Oh, my pleasure. Oh, yeah. If you're feeling like a little on the edge of suicidal, this'll put you right over the edge last days with Michael Pipp. Ooh. Johnny Cash 36. I mean, I like Johnny Cash. Okay, but I just, I don't know. He's like two four, well, a lot of these in the top 10. I just, but then again, that's your taste. You know what bad taste I have in music. Oh, that ringer fireman. Every time you sit down on it, think of her, it's like a. Back to it. To Henry's song. That don't we have a thing like that? Love. Yes, we did. What's your call? You don't know what it's called. I don't think it's a, has on fire or something. Oh, is it ass on fire? But I got one here asked before we can't play that. Oh. You asked when we give it to you. But away. Apparently. I'm not. I'm not. It's. It's. It's. Come on, you. Yes. My bad ass. Anyway. That's joy. She's the bad ass. She's part of the Trinity man. Don't ever forget it. They evil jays. Josh, Joe, and Joyce. That's Josh Diro by the way. One like, you know, you're going to have to change your name. Look, we've been through this. I know. I know. Huh? Just call him. Yeah, but parents don't begin with a J, okay? It just doesn't fit in. When they can't 37 Marvin Gaye 41, Roy the boy 45. Elvis 49. Our audience is not really like Elvis and Tense. It was a very satisfying with that because he's. He's. Yeah, that's. Yeah, it was a great innovator and a great entertainer. And Vegas, great Weikers, great. To our genre. Weikers, great former pun. I'll tell you. When you come down to what you call that music. Right. Most of it was crap. Most of it was Jim Morrison 72. Now we're talking. That's more up my alley, Sally. In fact, I could, I mean, I don't want to, I got the album over on the side there. But I'm not going to do that, or we're giving you a save. Okay. Come on, come on, come on, come on. More than 72 Bob Marley 86 and John 11 wins hands down your pants. Well $52 Okay, there we go. That's that's enough. Same bed. Oh, so I gotta find the Yoco Australia before I go through What I'm gonna do There's I'm gonna go through my inquiry here. I'm gonna go page by page and then I will We'll take a vote among the three of us and of course then I'll read whatever stories I feel like I mean you know will share ones. You need a shirts, oh no here it is You will love that you gotta get this issue. I'm telling you take up a collection on the streetquarter earlier and you can say a buck and a half to buy it. Yoko goes local while getting Botox shot. And so, a picture of her all freaked out here with the shades on, oh man, what her mouth wide open. And I think, although those are giant goggles, she's always wearing it. Yeah. Yoko all know how to Botox break down. Oh no. I mean, 73 year old widow former Beatle John Lennon when per circuit of Beverly Hills Doctors orifice, refusing to let the doctor into the exam room until he showed that identification, then throwing a tantrum after the Botox shot, didn't show immediate results. Oh, God. It all not really hit the head. I don't know how that happened. He was pretty me as himself, you know, he would not have been looking at that's right. But he could be a thing with a rod his own in his fame as a rockstar. I could do a little bit of my busy body, but you know. Yoko recently evoked an appointment for Botox treatments with celebrity dermatologist Dr. Arnold Klein hoping to get rid of a few wrinkles before a photo shoot she had scheduled for the following day. She thought that some Botox would help her look younger when the photo was a source told the inquire. The source also said that Yoko was the nervous wreck before the appointment consumed by the bizarre notion that fans and I followed her to doctor Klein's or aficent try to impersonate him. I mean, not not paranoid you understand, not to like, what a little bit like that. Oh, she's perfect for our management team. Too bad Yoko don't figure with the J. Yoko was waiting in one of the treatment rooms on the doctor not on the door. Yoko asked her his ID. Are you serious to Dr. Anster? Yoko explained that she had to be careful because she was an LA for a photo shoot and people were following her. Dr. Klein showed his ID, Yoko lit a man. He gave Yoko the Botox shots and headed her mirror and when she saw her reflection she threw a fetch, he pissed the fit. She started to wash, you know, if I look like that, look at her attitude fit too. In fact, I'll let her do. She started screaming that she couldn't see any difference in that for all the money he's charging, she should notice an immediate change, she then stormed out the office in a fit of rage. About three hours later, Yoko called the doctor for nearly 20 minutes, she apologized for how she acted and blamed her behavior on nervousness because she'd never had Botox shots before. Oh, shot a good shot. Next to time. Dr. Klein was polite and accepted her apology. Yoko's PR and Miss Yoko went to see Dr. Klein for consultation but said it was no Botox treatment she did not leave angry. Right. Purgigantic publicity, machine. Man, now what an angelian is that the kid doing in London? Yes. Does he, is he looking kid? No, does he sing good? No, but other than that. Man, they got it from mommy, I guess. Don't go see the omen, by the way, if you want to do something useful go out and rent or buy the DVD the original one. And that's a good advice. Now we ask you, did I ask you, did I ask you, did I ask you, did I ask you, did I ask you, did you watch the, did you see the omen? Yeah, I said I haven't. Huh? I said I haven't. You haven't omen? Yep. Pretty good, huh? The one with Gregory Peck. I have not seen it. You haven't, but you haven't seen it. I have not. Oh, you haven't. I think you said you haven't. You haven't. They're just hearing things today. You know, it must be my ears are plugged up. That's what it is. You'll be pleased to know, by the way. Yep. Then I got my clothes on. I even got my shoes on. Are you going to make a doodad? Huh? You're going to make a mad dash downstairs for that disc. Go to think that's a good idea. I do especially since one of the bits on there is a, I just had that. It's one, there's a bit on there called when moment plays. Jolly Rolly Joe. Yeah, what's that about? I don't know. I don't know. Oh, good. I want to see. I'm going to figure out, okay, sure, devotion, I hope for one free too much offers. So far, I got another offer story coming. I'll provide you to start your own rescue. I got all kinds of, I like that said we'll go to him. I'll go to him by one and we'll do the diplomatic way. We'll take a vote among the three of us. No matter where I say that's the one I'll read. 17 to Luna QM if you're a cigar smoke or like to kick back with a good premium brand like Stan Major. And the he is cigars by Tony Barhani is for you. These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco, process, naged up to 10 years. And but he, let me assure you, is a real boutique cigar maker, specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco. But he had gold the flags to blind gets to 91 rating by cigar fishing out of cigar and cider at 9.1 by smoke magazine. This rich flavored well balanced full body, Nick Iraq one cigar's got. Earthy hints of dark roast coffee, chocolate, spicy pepper flavors. It sounds like a smorgas board. Also tried to be here to say the hottest release cigar in Lyston months. They just say it gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fishing out of cigar and cider. A big powerful cigar that will tear your kishki's out with complex notes of leather earth and pepper. The finishes long and full body with additional spice and a note of charred wood. And wood is nothing like having charred wood. To receive 40% off and all the hissed cigars, some that near Raju Tordi, call say 40% almost half off the price. Just call their toll free number and when it down check these out. Call 1-800-35-be here. That's 1-800-35-B-A-H-I-A. Now before I do the logo, now how are we going to do this? Do what? Well, no, what I'm saying is that because I'm going to go down now. Yeah. In a break is like we got what? Two and a half more minutes. Well, that's not enough time for me to go down the elevator and come back. We'll cover it. Do it. Do something for us. Have a good day. We'll do something. Yeah, do something. Play something when we come back. We're going to sleep with you. This is New Rogers. This is 5.16. 8. On the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil Gaugh. Break down, shout. Players of the month will go with to hang from trees and play vanjoke. Your dots are full of all. A station on Newfangled Randy O. Now as north, hair will run with those. Rally's a big city at home and that's where the bees leaves had to go. For y'all they Riley go to the moon. Under Eugene. You do what he can. You can't like a friend. Then quickly walk away. They had Joe's go to 5.6 O. With ratings in the toilet mold to get those. Play me for full mows and order and control. Do do do do do do. And then so gally, Riley Joe's about humor and in the know he lets mows. Go. And here's what mows gives Gownie his own show. You make a big change and we know right. It's worse or the same. He hasn't done a thing. Or it goes home the air at 2. Joe don't have a stinkin' clue out of 4. Not that essentially flows for all radio. The G.M. 5.6 O. Jolly, Riley Joe. Oh you're right. That was worth the rushing downstairs and coming back. That was a record. What did you do use the fire escape? No. And I just got a tattoo with science man. I know. I put my elevator on and I zip right out there to the office. And he knows who I am and he hands me my package. And quite frankly this is one of the most exquisite packages I've seen in a long time. Really? And I've seen quite a few. I know that. No, I've got some good stuff. And you've got your 70s hits this with all my good stuff there which I've for later on. And then KJ disc which you never warned me about this. I told you about it a while back. It just got me well. If you want to be. Remember, Hornie and illegal Latino. Yeah. And these have been censored and they've been screened approved by the FCC and the SPCA and the Triple Ex Arena. Already played a couple times during the vacation day. And Jolly, Riley, Joe man. That's worth the price to just going downstairs right there. That was special. That was sensational. How many QAM hello? Yeah speaking. Yeah. I can put on two-part under. Two-part. There's a good one for you to be good. I'm going to put him on there and put a six-pack under too. Two-pack. Put a little bit big yellow there while we're out. Put big e-smalls on there. I don't want you to say we're small e-bigs. A little big. Yeah, see. We don't care what color these people are. What they ate for breakfast. We just want to know who your favorite did recording artist. So that's all. We have to make a big racial thing over like that one guy. Right? Right. And this is out of our own. It's stand people. It'll be like saying, well what about Cecilia? We know you don't like Latino, but that's what you think. Oh, you're dreaming. Oprah speaking of Darvish. She's a kind of like Mocha. Right? To star Jones Rescue. Aren't you excited about that? And you want that story or not? Yeah. I want to know what the deal is. Okay. I'm going to wind up buying this magazine anyway. Oh, you're going to have it. What big on target? Oh, you're on this. What's happening? Yeah sir. I just want to let you know. The Cooper City is the safest city in the state of Florida because the BSR has got Griffin Road covered. All right. Like, stink on, like stink on Joe. Okay. Thanks for the good news. There's a little, uh, piggy port for you. I was like, I talked about yesterday. Your buddy, the boomer about we don't do spy. Wasn't that him that said that? That we don't do reports anymore. Sure we do. Not our fight. We do. We don't have people call them. They don't call in. Right. And that's probably because we're out of touch. You know, I'm out of touch. WQAM. Hello. Okay. Sir. Pretty good. You're open up during that show. A bell bit. My ear opened up. How about Bobby Darren? Oh yeah. How could we take it back? He was great. Thanks a lot, Pally. Okay. You better have a, am I going to have to dig out that Bobby during this Again? You got it. I got it. I got it. Here we go. Beyond the sea. Bobby was all right by his group. Bobby is now there. Somewhere beyond the sea. And he was not drunk. And I was San Bernardita was a drunk. And we don't have to rehash all of this stuff. We didn't. Well, I actually have bad about this. Because there's, I mean, there's something that you can say about, you know, performers. Like William Holden. He was a drunk. He was following his dad with a bottle in his hand. But he's a great actor. And I think he, I just, a big William Holden fan. Look, what none of his perfect. And in a lot of cases, these artists. Perfect. He's artists. Yeah. Sing your heart. Perfect. Because they a lot of money. Right. Just like a lot of these athletes. These young punk athletes. And, uh, jockeys. They do all that money. They, they take a powder. People kiss. And they ask. And you actually get a rock. So much money when you do young man is bad. Just send it to us. Well, the right. Yeah. We're responsible. Back to our short of city just to turn all the stuff that you can send him. And many slopp over money you got. And all the young punk's. It's going to, you know, get you into the d-crap. Right. I'm ready now. Just in the morning. I didn't have to take that money and be real. Responsible with it. That's right. He'll be staggered in about 5 30 in a morning, most days. But nevertheless, we haven't had a lot of time. Alpha Winfrey is daughter full supporting on Tachio Diva Star Jones as rumors swirl that are day and that's a true story by the way, but my ear opening up as soon as I've said that good. Oh god, maybe if I turn my head the other way. Rumors swirl that her days on the view are numbered star. According to Insiders Oprah recently reached out to the 44-year-old star, Oprah 52, and uh, wasn't an advantage 98. Who has repeatedly reportedly been devastated since her nevases Rosie O'Donnell was hired to take over for co-host Meredith Vira in the fall. That's Meredith who's going to be today's show at the third place Katie Curric we go to the news which I ain't gonna watch. The star was posted tears when she heard Barbara Walbert's hairdrosy because she felt he was being squeezed out of a corner inside of a reveal how you'd like to squeeze that out of a tube. Out of me what? tube. Star took it as a personal slap in the face from Barbara and her bosses. Oh, but for Oprah this is not just about protecting stars. Also pay back to Barbara Walters for giving Oprah's former on-ear life skills expert E. N. Alavansan's her own show. Aha, well it's a lot petty people you know. Oprah's former eye, let's say her, it's the time Oprah was trying to convince E. N. Alavansan an exclusive agreement with her and since she's also few than with Dr. Phil take a pill and uh, two of you just lock off the engineer. Oprah didn't get angry with Barbara O'Donnell but she didn't forget it either and now it's time to even pay back his abitch bitch. Oprah didn't appreciate E. N. Alavansan leaving for the leaving of show in 2000 work for Barbara. Oprah is the one who really discovered her in the first place. You don't want to hear the rest of the studio? Uh, how is it just the highlights? That's that's enough. In Alavansan 52 from her with her own subtitles showing 2000s, she was quickly canceled after one season. So now Oprah's stepping in to help star just to stick it to her. That's all. This thing about Jessica Nickes, threats to Silis, we don't care about them, do we? I mean I don't care about Nick anymore because he's you know what? I feel about him the same way you feel about Brittany you know? Yeah. Tainted it by your girlfriend Jessica really? Let's paint her fault. Yeah it is. Jessica Simpson Nick, why just want to straighten this out because we had the wrong information in Josh's very big on Ashley Simpson? Yeah, let's make it a boy. Oh, oh, oh, good. Jessica Simpson and Nicholas Chase impending divorce is turning into an all-out family feud. Well, let's get Richard Dustin under the media. Drew, who once vowed not to take sides and there's siblings split her step up into the fray. Actually, in next brother Drew, I missed her a couple of words get very emotional when I think about this. Up until recently, Ashley maintained a good friendship with Drew and his wife a family friend told Ian Carr, Ashley and Drew still consider each other in laws and bumped into each other all the time. So to speak. But now they've stopped talking because blood is thicker than water and each one is not supporting her sibling. Ashley's publicist Rob shooter denied any hard feelings. Oh, let's do it. Let's shoot. Ashley gave Drew in his wife a gift after they maybe was born said shooter she even called him after is when I'm dancing with the stars. You know, who he is? He's next younger brother that was in 90 degrees who can't sing. He looks like hell and he's just he's got no town. In fact, I think he and Ashley would be a good match. Okay. Because they both related to somebody who was much better known who had at least some kind of talent although I don't know what Jessica's was and they have no talent at all. Well, just just what you see. That's a talent. And yeah, at least Nick can sing. I know you would disagree with that. He's pretty good. I didn't deny that. Yeah. And now they had some pretty good. Of all the boy bands, I would say that they were the ones that could really sing. And the last few boys had a couple of songs. They said even you admitted were pretty good. But then again, like we said in every courting studio in Sweden, they could make the three of us sound like we could have had a good song. And that's right. That's a big hit, man. And at recording studio in Sweden, let's see, Keith's pal Warrens don't marry Nicole. Do we care about Nicole Kimming doing? No. Hard working lady, Marmalade, not in money, Jan. Patty LaBelle is working like a dog and she's selling her house. We care about LaPatty LaBelle no but I'll tell you what we do care about. Speaking of recording artists who might be dead pretty soon. Who? Get a little faster. Jan, Marla, baby. Jan on. Hey sister. Yes. Okay, that's enough of Patty. I even fives to our restaurants. I take me to trips and take four girlfriends with me and I pay for all of them says Patty. So if I was broke, obviously I couldn't afford to be doing it. I thank God every day for my blessings and I don't need enough to work so hard but not for the money. Work and afford the money. What's that song? I don't know what that song. It's on the server. Yeah, that's it. Emergency heart surgery for Mary Wilson. And we're very Wilson. Mm-hmm. Thought a bit or 30 year feud. Thought 30 minutes. You're dying a loss which only ended in 1994 when Mary's son Rafael 14 died in a car crash. Mary was driving the car and now, and then she didn't have enough to rest as they say in the darker parts of Detroit. Sir, we did it. Go honey. That's right. Motown, Leslie Mary, Wilson made a mad dash to the emergency. We were terrified she was suffering a massive heart attack. The 62 year old singer was at the Vegas at a Vegas home of a sudden pain struck doubled over gripping her chest. She told her daughter to get it in the hospital before was too late. Mary was an agony. It was clear was in her it was her heart and it was very serious. Her daughter was an nervous wreck while she waited for word about mom. Finally, test revealed that Mary's pain ended in a warning sign of a potential heart attack. She had five blocked in an arteries due to cholesterol buildup. They relieved warbler, underwent a successful angioplystity, relieved warbler. Not a great line. So this was a, oh, thank you. Yeah, okay. Okay. Okay. That's a city message. This is 560 2A. Moha today and this portion of the new Rogers in 12 to one hour is brought to you by the led and 12. One two three four five six seven eight nine eleven twelve. So like this is a pizza. Oh for me. The show never gonna get to me. But now how it feels to be? Turn away breakfast and set a best. If you want to be born and born, the rest of your life, always take the Jewish woman. Don't wipe those from my personal home. Don't you? Yeah, the shit's up to Mary. You pick the one of the only dollars you all like. All we take the Jewish woman. Oh, I don't want to go from my personal home. I don't do. You should never marry a Jew. So as well, we would say this package today was a real born and so when you say, wow, yeah. So speaking of getting hitched this just in, for all you, that's because we're so newsy on the show. We know what's going on in the world. Even on Norma keeps saying, Norma just sent me an email said the president like it loved to play. Go away, Norma. Okay, if I'm a name of the four of you, Joyce and Josh should dero and Joe and Norma. Maybe they can all elope. Senate block same sex marriage ban. The Senate today blocked a video of the constitution essentially ban same sex marriage. Nobody gives a crap about this except of course the gay people want to get married. And then we got that other story just from a Toronto game out. He's playing away this month. I could use some lines for that, but I'll look at to that. Republicans pushed a plan even though supporters can see that the measure had never had enough votes to pass. The opponents failed to get the 60 votes needed to end debate and move to a vote on the actual amendment. The Senate vote was 49 to 48 to end debate. A opponent's called the measure and let you hear a floor that wasted precious time on the legislative calendar and your tax dollars. That's the little bit correct. There's not about the preservation of marriage. This is about the preservation of a majority said Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois as the debate started today. I think sadly most people realize there's political motivation here while the understatements of the century. The Republican Senator said 45 states have passed laws or constitutional amendments. The finding marriage is a pact between a man and a woman. A lot of few thoughts one of those. The voice of the people has been heard loud and clear said Senator Wayne Allen Republican a Colorado a real right wing unshres state where the Iraqis are busy having their prayer their prayer in and by the way he keeps it one of the lost like five in a row since history came out something like that. They're retired. They suck. So if God has helped them to their several game under 500 record, you can only imagine maybe they'll start praying to Satan. Maybe they'll change the name for the devil Rockies. Although it ain't happen the devil race too much. The real emphasis behind the debate was to energize conservative voters this fall. CNN's then a bash reported with a danna bash with that little stash. Those conservatives feel like Republicans they've sent to Washington have sort of turned their backs on them on cases that they care about. I'm a bigoted issue. You know like same sex marriage like hate. I'm a good old days right. Senator Ted Kennedy denounced it proposed a amendment as an instrument of bigotry and prejudice which he said was designed by the GOP leadership to try to bring Republican senators out of the ditch of disapproval. Senator minority leader Harry Reid and Nevada Democrats said the reason to send a Republican is our pushing this marriage amendments because they don't want to rest the real issues of the country. Well, what's it what's easier, you know? Any the war in a rank or like picking on fangs again, you know, find another scapegoat. If the Jews didn't do it then certainly the dark folks did and if it wasn't them who's the beenors done and if not that all the fangs all of these. All of these. Hey, some of the beenors might be fangs. And some of them might be pretty dark too. You never know. That's right. So there you go. Toronto promises to be a grand human wedding. They better hurry up and do it though before Stephen Harper wrote a loser's hand about this issue. When I saw that story on the news about the terrorist one of the, they were going to like storm the parliament not a what and it were going to like slice off Stephen Harper's head. Don't touch. And I kept thinking to myself, how could you really tell you know where there's no sense there's no feeling? It promises to be a grand human wedding. Two Scarlett coded officers of the famed welcoming the amounted police and we used that term outed very loosely standing before addresses of the piece of an escort of similarly spiffy moutes observing the nubtials on the eve of Canada day in actual holiday. When the two constables become the first male moutes to marry each other, the grumpiness of it in the strum of our might well be prime minister Stephen Harper. Or yeah. The planned union of Jason tree 27 and David Conner's 20 and Nova Scotia on June 30. Absolutely. But third man has cast a spotlight of Harper's pledge was considered a backers to try to roll back same sex marriage loss. You know, he's like bush light Harper hasn't spoken publicly about the upcoming wedding and has ordered his party members to keep mum about the matter. Harper's attempt to silence lawmakers has served the drum more attention to the issue while sparking complaints about the prime minister's heavy handiness. Last July, Canada's parliament nearly approved same sex marriage is throughout the country. I think it's great if we change the public recessions at tree. Is that tree Crawford? I never knew. If the public sees the RCMP is represented ever since the community, that is good. The two men met in college eight years ago. They've been partners since. They've been moutes ever since. How do you like that? I had a line there but I'm just letting go of to it. Don't do it. No. Because the I'm telling you Trinity broadcasts will come out. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's a big headline. And back to the inquiry was your word that good stuff is. Radio's gone to the dogs and I would say that's so lowly correct. And it's got a picture of a pooch who's got like a he's got shades. This is cute. It's got shades on and he's got like a walkman. He's got a cat and a walkman on. Cute. He's he's lounging. Man's best friend can now rock and roll over for two internet radio stations. Dogcat radio.com and dog radio.tilein.com. Both stations say they provide a pet friendly tips and tunes such as Bahamans who let the dogs out and Elvis Presley's hound dog. Kind of a limited playlist of a thing. Wouldn't you? There are a lot of more dog sounds in that dogcat radio.com, which is long slash July. Is not just for your pampered pooch though, the station's manager of operations this Martinez claims that's designed to satisfy the appetites of all music hungry animals, including snakes and horses. If you think that there would be a big audience for pet project like this, you're barking up the wrong tree. Dogcat radio.com got off a set of big start, especially in Chicago that accraced its first weekland and swept set was overloaded by people trying to download programming all at once. And dog radio.tilein.com is actually looking for K9D days. One of the main qualifications that he or she must be good at barking and said operator on you pan at Bunsen. Now that's a howler it says. Oh yeah, yeah. Oh, what a cool. Mike Walker's got says a gossip calm. Here's the thing we really care. Others will you might be interested in tomorrow's time crews. You're fairy. Mike Walker writes folks have been sleeping a lot better lately. We know why. Tom Cruise is praying for Mike Walker. Inside is revealed at Tom fed up with what he apparently perceives it for Sicily, Lousy Press and started praying for journalists to make negative comments about him. The Lord of Intergalactic Cruise Control calls such newsmen aberrations defined by Scientology as those afflicted by the departure from rational thought. And is praying for the Supreme Being the Grand Thamor Dumpgeon. Thanks Tom. That's why you're my favorite alien. This is Mike Walker. Our favorite alien is in Cuba. Is he all our favorite alien? Mm-hmm. He is. News travels for Scott Peterson. It says here. I didn't know about that did you? No, I did. I saw his ugly post on TV though. The effect that we're showing him on death row. And there's his lawyer that what's that jerk's name with a mustache? Well, what is his name? Yeah, you know. You know the one I'm talking about the one I looked like a real slump. I can't think I would have been a driver. Yeah, a re-shriver. Not that kind of a mustache. Now, this guy was also Michael Jackson's lawyer for about five minutes. Not Robert Kardashian. No, Robert Kardashian is dead. Okay. Although this guy, when he's sitting with his hand out his pussy looks kind of dead too. Anyway, his name's not a mystery, David. Plus we don't care about it anyway, do we? Not really. Scott Peterson could walk out of prison every man incredibly it's all because the jurors who send a death row for murdering his wife and a life-life lace-a-mortem son Connor in 2002. Seven jury members are collaborating to write a behind-the-scenes book on a shocking case. One of them were shell-nice. Oh, she's so nice. Recently, admitted she's been exchanging letters with a fertiliser, salesman turned convicted killer since August. Reportedly titled, we the jury deciding Scott Peterson's faith that jury tell all his scheduled for fall release. But that book we get Scott a new trial in Senate free. Legal experts say Scott's lawyers will examine a book and those letters with a fine tooth comb for any hint of juror misconduct that could be grounds for the Senate resistance is very speculative, I think it's a can't go nowhere. They're gonna fry his ass. Gonna be good. Just a sudden example. What about Charlie Manson? Can we like change the law retroactive? Right. I mean, he didn't kill anybody after all. He could sit like in the Scott's lap when he pulled a switch. Providence passed noon at 5, 60, but you can make a Curtis Stevenson for a nice short hour there two to three this afternoon, tough assignment. Marlon's on deck at tree. Oh my god, those red hot white icy hot Marlon's against the giant's 235. Do you all see the NBA finals? Seven o'clock tonight. A lot of that talk no doubt in the 80K 10. You know, I was reading an article about the four motion termites in the Heraldis morning. Do you see that? No. Do you ever hear four motion termites? No. Well, they crawl into your house kind of like on a little slant. No, but seriously, they're like really other bigger than regular termites in their nasty and their arm. And if you think you might have these or any other kind of termites in your home, you better call our friends. Ritter pest control for free for my inspection because once these babies start chopping like your house is blown and no time at all. Ritter pest control uses that amazing exclusive orange or treatment that kills termites and termites out of percent on contact. They're gone faster than you can say, Todd Drecca's useless. If you have termites as the best possible way to get rid of them, you don't have to tend your house to make your whole neighborhood turn into a circus. That is so ghost, man. If you look up, go. You'll see a circus that next to it. No worrying about poisonous gas. No moving out or staying in hotels or motels for days or even weeks. No worrying about your food or pets in your health. Because our friends are ritted pest control. Treat your home with this amazing orange oil. You don't have to leave it all. They were at Georgia's house on Monday. They couldn't believe what a mess it was. That's right. In fact, when they're untreating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. It's true if you have a turbine problem called ritted pest control right now and find out about their exclusive amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and termites. One hundred percent on contact. No tending. No BS. No kidding. It really works. So, color right now for a free inspection and say goodbye to those termites once in for all. Call 1-800-447-4348. That's 1-800-447-448 and be sure until the Todd Dreck told you to call 1-800-447-438. Total attack. Let's go home and stay. You Count the MainMüzik of Limit nutzen. By, by buy. The name that's up in April, It takes train, who's resarted enough. But now he's gone completely insane. Yeah, they're all there's all that comes up. I did my own business, but you're still gonna be used as fire. That ain't the first time. That ain't see by the time, and it's not funny. It takes silent spell. When it's over, you may see on the moon. But just gotta show I've got a thing on to. My music levels take us through a flowway through the moon. I know it all's dangerous. I know it all's dangerous. She's dead, that's the whole, no. I think that would be a scallop. And I'm too soon. 12.19 at 5.60WQM. So it was just something that you liked the X-Cowder. We had that very brief discussion. I like the New York New York. That's the one that you got to test you by. I'll be honest with you. The first time I went in there, they just opened it. And I got a little bit lucky in there. I wanted a few bucks at the slot machine's mine. But I just, it goes back in. It's so damn tacky. I just don't like it. Your taste is in your touch. Well, good for you. Okay. Taste this. I like the X-CM just fine. I think it's a great. I said it twice. They did not impress me all that much. Okay. That everybody raves about it. And that was the Beladio. First of all, I'm not into art. I'm just an old Slob. I don't care about art. And the one thing about the casino in Beladio is it could be, after a while, most of them start looking like anywhere else. You're in the middle of a whole bunch of tables and slot machines. You know what I mean? Unless you're in the casino, so many of them look the same. Am I right about that? Yeah, you're right about that. I think you judge things a little differently though, because I don't really gamble. So I think you're judging. That's because you can't afford to game. No, no, that's not true at all. I don't, I don't know. I don't know how many money the MGM. I mean, I had a couple of small jackpots. You know, like a thousand or something like that. I never did anything good there. But I just think it's a beautiful place. It's great. Yes. A place that I like. That's old and dumpy is the start of us. I've had a lot of luck in there, but I shouldn't have been saying it's one of the great casinos in the strip. But start us is okay. And then it closed down at Dan Little Diner to use David. And I think he's a Diner. Oh, that pissed me off. I forget the name of that. Although they still have the F-L-M chocolates placed in there. Stay with me. It's dangerous. I'm trying to think I'm serious. You know, Caesar's, I mean, they got great shops and they got a couple of okay restaurants. I never had that big pick out. What's that Italian thing that we can't never think of in the end of the feast begins with a B. Bucket all. Bucket all very good. But, uh, I don't know. And as far as gambling in there, they're very weak selection of everything. Caesar's. It's tight in there. It's a place to go shop and drop a lot of cash. Place for a place to grab a plate. Eat. Stop. I'll go get a little bit of a piece. We got up those, Caesar's. He was great. I was the least we got on this disk or not. Is that the one you were making? I was making it right now. It's damn it. Next one. Okay. All perverses. Doctor Phil, few, would boil over. Two people we hate. I don't know. I hate him worse. Although I, it's kind of a tough choice, you know, to tell him to make well because he's just like a male clone of her. Yeah. Emily, at least, you know, she did her thing first, you know, good for good or bad. This is true. And then all of a sudden she made him into a, you know, say, he's kind of like the doctor Frankenstein monster. He's like, Dr. Frankenstein. He should've always kissed the rest of a what because without that. Right. You could put his talent in a symbol of heaven for the Chinese army left over. All for when for you. And Dr. Phil McGraw's rocky relationship has exploded over a battle land and exclusive interview with 32 year old Mary. I was going to say, you know, the Paris is the one casino in Vegas where totally unique. Have you ever been to that one, Josh? Yes, I have. Now, that part where you're like, if it's got the phony sky, you know, you feel like you're outside. And they got all the machines outside. That's a neat casino. It's just totally unique in different from many of the other ones. It doesn't just look like another place with a lot of machines, mind. Anyway, getting back to offering a doctor filled the important stuff. A battle to land in this exclusive interview with 32 year old mom Mary Winkler, the Tennessee mom of three accused of killing her minister husband and sources say that neither one of them in playing nice. Both operand doctor Phil are accusing each other trying to play dirty Chris Land the jail. How sit down with Mary. Oh, jailhouse sit down. Which love that word? Yeah, yeah. Police alleged that Mary executed her husband for three church a Christ preacher Matthew Winkler 31 by shooting him in a back with a shot on March 22. Although if he pleaded not guilty, she's currently being held in jail and summer to deceive both opera 52 and Dr. Phil 55 her former protege and been working overtime to land the blockbuster chat and the bad weather existed between them as he did to the boiling point. Bad blood. Who the hell did that song? Bad blood. Oh, that's right. Very good. How come I didn't think of that right away? I'll start with bad blood. Get out of here, man. Next thing you're going to tell me in the el Sudak is gay. No, but could I. He is. Hey, man. Oh, let's see. Here's one. Where's your favorite and mine on the pole. ODB old dirty. About 30. About 30 about 30 on there. And he also left off even though I also tweeted put a, I hate this pull is out on there. Oh, so first it was the carpenters they stiff me with and I could get old dirty on there. I may have to play that bit a lot and I'm getting tired of that. Aren't you? Yeah, a little tired of it. I'm not trying to read you. I like read this, but you know something. It's like I always put your mouth at anis splits. I love an anis split. Of course I can't have one now anyway, but you know after the first seven or eight it starts getting a little bit heavy. You know it's to be a little bit much in one sitting. 865. I think we've got a made dammit. How do you like that? Was your favorite dead singer? John Lennon 168. They can't touch John. Not anymore. Bob Marley 97. Well, who'd I would want to? Tim Morrison 75. He touched it. Elvis 56. Oh, I didn't cue 56. Let's go. I'll Elvis all day. I'm obviously we could beat the numbers we got now and you know I was taken to the elevator and that real quick trip. When I'm right, I'm right and when I'm wrong, I'm wrong and in this one case I have to head to you right. So what? These people that are running this outfit, you know, these crazy people, they really believe that they can take it like like interchangeable parts. They can put anybody on here and as long as they're talking about the same sports. Oh yeah, it doesn't make any difference. It's like as a winning form. It's all good. And that's why we got zeros and ones most of the day now because they believe that. That's right. And if they really do believe that, how come they're playing a pain and hank in the mad dog all that money? They're the fact that they got most of everybody on the wrong day part. That's, you know, that's just an accident I guess. Anyway, let's not start on that, but you're right. They really believe that. I never thought they would. But that's how much they know about this business. Nothing. Elvis 56. Radio. Roy Orbison 48. Marvin G45. Kurt Cobain 40. Jimmy Henry 39. Johnny Kast 39. Same guy. Different haircut. Pretty mercury 36. Stranks. And on for a 32. How embarrassing. How old. George Harrison 31. Jim Crochi 28. Patsy Klein 25. Janice drop on 23. Could she build another one? Jerry Garcia 19. Rick Nelson 14. Let's start to give me. I'm taking that personal now. Even just for the rest of Nelson Park. Karen Carpetor 12. Buddy Holly 12. See that cruise nine. How do you like that? I bet you're, I knew Robert Creepers have already seen you cruise for you. Yeah. He probably give all my inputs. Nothing cool 7. Luther Van Ross 3. Mama Cass Elliott 3. Don't eat that sandwich sweetheart. Billy Preston 3. Notorious B.I.G. 1. Two packs got one. I hate this poll. I just went on their ODB. And Bobby Dern. Don't have any. It's 69. No. We got that 1000. I should proud of us. I was a little bit skeptical. They're not getting you know me. I never had that. And it's for this crowd. You never want to take anything for granted. But when you work to have you years in this market. You realize how. Lazy way you know lazy plus it's 100 reason to shave anyway. Should pat your shoulders. Sure. I hear though I'll tell you that because I know Castro's always taking notes on the Toronto weather. Sunday, China. It is just, oh look at that. It's already. It's already 73 degrees man. And it's going to be like in the low 80s today. 27. What's that? Let's see 24. 75. 77. And about 83. Better citing. That's. It's 73. There's not a cloud in the sky. It's a beautiful day. And I'm sitting here doing this crap. Yeah. Oh, come on. Take it a fair spieler day off. I should be doing that. That's a good pull idea. If you got hit. What is your favorite thing to do on days when you screw up from work? I don't know. I never done that. I don't think I ever did that. Are you doing it all the time for 10 to 10? Yeah. Nobody could be sick as much as much as anybody could be sick as much as he claims to be. Yeah. We believe in. No, no. Because he's got a sick house. That's right. Got the kids in the wife and the dog and like a turkey dish in there. It's like a like a leper colony in there. Yeah. It is 28 paths. That's how we feel here at QA. And we feel like we're a leper colony in the middle of the sports. It's like unclean. Right. Unclean. And not talking about the right. Like those calls we get from out of town. If they look it up and there's some directory somewhere. Sports talk and then they call us. Oh, can you tell me if, you know, if what's the name of it? I don't even know. Wait. Wait. Wait. I just made that up. And either shack. Well, piss those vasters off. I've been telling you for years to call 1 800 mattress whenever you need to bed. They can live with the name to our window. They have knowledgeable bedding consultants and much more. And here are Billy Ways playing said. Wingway tomorrow. And if you thought dying 1 800 mattress on the phone was easy. Check out mattress.com on the wicked web. Shop on web anytime they were night with product details, prices and photos. You can check out online too or call the place your order and schedule with everyone. It's convenient for you know that to our winner that they give you. It's incredible. Get factory direct prices lower than change tourists. Even during the change there is so called big sales plus dollar mattress offers you 12 months financing. What could be possibly not to like I've been using these folks for years. I guarantee you it's a given your love. Now, a mattress has a complete line of silly sort of king coil. Simmons, temperate, experience and foster hewitt and all the other big names too. When you call 1 800 mattress, you'll get the lowest prices on the best brands. And dollar mattress continues to be ranked number one in customer satisfaction. So if the old mattress is lumpy and bumpy and soiled and just embarrassing, just make that way easy call. Sit there on your fat gross ass right now. Pick up the phone call 1 800 mattress. 1 800 MATT RES. Leave off the last S because it stands for Stupendous Savings. This is a meal Roger. This is 5 16 2 8 10. We're going to get a breakfast. You're home. Oh, right. I'm in the Latino. I'm in the state of the United States. And I sit when the stairs. I'm seeking into the US survey and Dalvik by homeman and don't you? I don't need insurance. I work for low pay. I see border agents. And I run away. I, I, I, I, I. I'm in the Latino. I, I, I, I, I. I'm faster than speedy Gonzalez. I'll bring my wife on my children and men. I'll have a few extra with 12 million friends. So, didn't it, then try to find us and when they catch and be for the sweet sheep back again. I, I, I, I, we're all in the Latinos. I, I, I, I, I. Governors, good job, Jones. I see, in part of a smuggling scheme. To try to attain the American dream. I want all the things that I see and give me. The free dog and the nose can nothing on me. I, I, I, I, I. I'm in the Latino. I, I, I. I, I, I. Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. Three, three, whatever. Mired in a fierce national debate between conservatives and gay activists when a biodecumplaints and removed part of a window display marking Boston Pride Week. The downtown crossing story display featured two male mannequins when wearing a gay Pride rainbow flag around its waist standing there a list of several time Boston Pride events. The display was designed by Macy's with the approval of Boston Pride Committee, but the story yanked the mannequins from the window. After mass resistance, the conservative group formerly named Article 8 Alliance, which has also campaigned against sex education and gay theme books in public schools, complained that the display was offensive. Sounds like a bunch of a far-bison ago I am to me, showed up. They were male mannequins with enlarged breast and one was wearing a skirt. Oh yeah, I didn't even notice that. Said mass resistance, president Brian Kamiker, referring to the gay Pride flag wrapped around one figure, a clinched with a white belt. Since it was really disgusting, yeah, I would agree with that. And Lena Kazan, the York v. Spokesman for Macy said that the decision to pull the dummies, but leaves the rest of the display was an effort to strike a balance. We believe in diversity. Our customers are very important to us because they're told to her, that's the Boston hero. And in that display supporting Pride Week and previous years did not use mannequins, but for display did offend a few of our customers, and we had to be examined it. That decision of said gay activist and mayor Thomas M. Manino, who spoke to Macy was disappointed that Macy's with about this kind of pressure. The mayor believed the window reflected the diversity of our city since folks in South Githel. This entire episode flies in the face of that. Well, they're banned in Boston, like just about everything else except the Kennedy. Right? Now let's see, get back to the inquire. I'm interested in a few of these urgent stories that like misplugs are down on their website because it was gay. You know that Macy misplugs? Oh, Frank Zappa, all my guy. Look at me again. How do I help you for gotten that? Frank Zappa. That's enough of that, but we do like Frank Zappa a lot. You see, you got to give a head start to the other ones, right? That's right. Here's a facts from John who says, go to this website, it's a right, and it's got like a whole bunch of old with farts on it. Whatever you say it, we don't say it. Not only will I not go to a web, but we don't like technology. Now it's at there. And there's those things for us. That's right. It's an evil fact plot. And of course it has to do with anything else that it would be. That's what it has to do with ass. It's obviously a fact thing. Speaking of ass, here's a picture in a, when you get this in pyro of disgusting aros and bar looking even more disgusting than usual. What is it. It size 85,000, uh, blue blue affects t-shirt. That's just turned your television off. Of course if she's on, if that's a good reason. And she's got her son there, um, buck, and he's wearing two sneakers, uh, different in other words, about a match pair. One is blue, and that one is red. I see, it must be stylish. He's a fashion plate like mine. I understand. Uh oh. Crews raises the roof of a region of baby. You're Fratami. Comed down Tommy. Katie demands non-scientology parenting class and he's not too happy about it. He looks really a porkey. New parents Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes. All right, odds after she asked her to take a six week non-scientology class on parenting for daughter's Surrey, and then told him she was having a new manager. Now is that the Surrey with a friend John Top? That's Curry. What? Oh, it's built with a... Darsneam is not Curry. Her daughter is Surrey. Surrey? Surrey, Surrey, yes. And you'd be Surrey too if you'd had any with Tom Cruise. Because you know that he's... Katie matter a fact that... Where did you get that curry from? You're...you're stuck about Katie Corridor. Now, Katie Corridor got married to Surrey. Would that be Surrey Curry? Oh... I'm Surrey. Katie matter a fact that told Tom, she wanted him to take a parenting class for Surrey with her. One totally independent of the church set a close friend at a course of Scientology. Church my ass. It's the first time Katie's really put her foot down. She's fortunate enough now. She wants to be honest as much as she is. She told Tom that the class would teach them how to better manage their time to about responsibilities and most importantly allow them to transfer some feedback from other parents. Katie's demands left Tom speechless according to her close friend, speechless. He immediately became defensive. He totally didn't need a tutorial on being a good parent as it raised two kids those what he's doing. Katie dug in her heels and refused to back down according to the friend. That's when she dropped another bombshell. Katie announced he's looking for new career management. And it's the first time she ever swaved from the well-tank course that Tom personally met out to me. She knows she's like a captive. She's like an abductee. And that away to look at her. She's a pretty cool Tom. She wants to start interviewing new managers that have created aspects of her career. Tom was stunned. But Katie held her ground. The bottom line is Katie is fed up with Tom's controlling ways to the source. She loves him but she's realizing she's not a little girl anymore. She's a mother in actress and soon she'll be a wife. Uh-huh. It's like she's finding that this guy was here in a backbone. She can't say no to Tom and the world won't have her. She can say no. She did. And the world won't have. As we knew it. I'll believe that. What I see it. Oh, Tom's got McFever. Tom can't. Pal, say Tom Cruise and Katie homes have become such big fans of American Idol run her up. Katherine McFee. That they want to twenty-one-year-old son. We're the singer there wedding. I think it all kind of fits in real good. Well, the other guy would be more comfortable. The other guy would have been more appropriate. Oh no. Not Taylor Hicks. Who ain't doing no chicks. Unless they got well anyway. Taylor, Tom and Katie have become Katherine's biggest fans of source so a couple of totally inquire. They think she's destined to become a singing legend. Oh yeah. Just like that other guy in there. What was the guy's name at the Japanese guy? A William Hone William Hone. And the answer is definitely not. Good back to that guy to call to her. There was trying to stir the pot. You know, remember that guy? All right. He's trying to stir the pot. You're not fooling anybody, pal. Okay. You're not fooling anyone on his side. We've been around a block a whole bunch of times and look where we wound up. Oh, God. In the middle of a sports bar with a microphone. But the pay is okay. 9.09. Now we got that thousand-lick easy. I don't know what Josh is getting all freaked out about it. This is meal rot. This is a pay. This is 5.16. A. Know that the Lord even loves meal rotters. Thank you, man. Good job, man. I'm not gay. I'm not gay, damn it. I'm not gay. This is a nobody wants to believe me. I tell you, I'm not gay. In addition, in lovable three dollar bills. Good morning, Mr. Kim, at the cell. You're a file contains a grammar pick. A while he was solid, Nicole. He's hit. Your mission is to decide to accept it. He is to marry her. And pretend you're straight. Like a lot of cuts and there's nothing. If you fail in this mission, you will lose a vow of any information. And say, both, let your self-intense. Good luck, Tom. Good luck, Tom. Oh no, for timing. 12.45-56.17. If you have J. Low to a adopt question mark, it's going to picture of here. You talk about a max-made in hell. She had hoped to be pregnant by a heavy mark Anthony, before Mother's Day. Do you know something? Doesn't happen by osmosis. Is what I'm told. Okay, make no bite. Does that look not that way. J. Low was devastated that her dream to be pregnant by Mother's Day failed to come true. So now she's considering adoption. The 36-year-old superstar with that gigantic ass still hopes this circle visitor in heavy mark Anthony. Oh man, he is just... It's like a snow-a-tour. Yeah. I'm not doing that story. Oh wait a minute. Tom and Katie's new baby. You think it takes after Mother's Day? It's a picture of who is that? The Tom can't baby is just a stuffed monkey that Katie was holding during Tom's son Connor's baseball game. She got a stuffed monkey. In fact, there's a better chance that the monkey got a pregnant than Tom. But oh and look at this man. You talk about... You talk about... FIREINING! Hahahaha! Oh! Man, oh man. Taylor Hicks. You got to get this paper. You got to get this paper. You got to get this paper. Because it magazine. Taylor Hicks denies rumors from internet and his hometown. Idaho winners GAY SHOCKER. GAY. He blamed a fruity purple jacket. That sort of was. Man. Jaws drop on clean cut clay. A can show it up at the American Idol finale looking like the Swiss actor Paul Rubens P. We Herman. In 2003, VOTIED clay runner up in American Idol's second season was the Mirror Image of Rubens D.K.P. We Herman character and it's got the pictures here. Oh, it's beautiful. Rubens is on probation for visiting him. See material. What is VOTIED? American Idol winner Taylor Hicks has caught up in a raging GAY sex scandal. I can't believe that. Can you? Not ever... What a thought it. The inquirer has learned that the silver hair 29 year old bachelor, we don't look at day over 50, has been the man target of nasty homosexual lies on the internet and is hometown Alabama. They don't count them in kind Alabama. And behind the scenes sources say they malicious gossip nearly kept it from beating out Catherine McFey on the Fox TV finale May 24 when he was crowned the fifth idol in 22 million idiotic viewers. Inside Hollywood's code I see it, or Taylor was freaking out that a queer smear would rob... Oh no. A queer smear. That's the smeariest of all. Yeah, I think I've been involved in a few of those. He was freaking out that a queer smear would rob of victory in AI and started told the inquirer. First he ran day fruity purple velvet jacket that he wore. And he was told that we're rumors about a sexuality all over the place. I think maybe just because he looked... Oh, hey, man. This was especially alarmed about gay comments posted on an AI internet blog. Taylor was angry with one fun type. Freddie Mercury or the band Queen was also gay, and he too was an amazing vocalist said the idol inside her. See there you go at Freddie Mercury. Must have been a psychic again. Right. A source added, Taylor was even upset that viewers would think buddies and his audience cheering him out would be considered as gay lovers. But he's in bunk buddies and like a dad. And when he inquire about where he takes home town or Birmingham Alabama, the place was a buzz with Taylor's gay talk. Taylor is gay talk. Maybe we can do that. Have a show like that. Huh? Maybe they'll do that across the street to have like light enough to load to that heavy stuff they do all on and on and on. I think we had a lot of them talk about all that and do something else. I'm a stationer. That's anything else. I'm a brilliant idea to better get it happen. At the oldest gay bar in town, the Quest Club and employee told the inquire, the rumors about Taylor being gay got to such a point and I checked out whether we'd ever signed it as a club member. He hadn't, but we would love it if he was gay. I have one question for that. What? That's why I forgot to solve that American idol of session with lifeless people. Hicks history performances in the openly gay 22nd Street jazz cafe also fueled the Birmingham rumor mill. Club owner Randy Harper told the inquire, Taylor and his band played here last in 2004 and got a great reception. It would be great if he was gay, but I haven't heard anything that makes me believe that he is. One reason for the rumors may be that never married Hicks doesn't have a serious girlfriend. Huh. It was only 29. His grandma, Joni Hicks 77, was quoted as saying, Taylor is married to his music right now. You know what that means? Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. That's code for him. That's right. Mary do his job. Can I kind of lesa? Can I kind of like any, what's your name? Yeah. Any other answer? Kind of like misfire. Gay. Girlfriends require quite a bit of attention in time and that's what Taylor Actually does not have now. Taylor is not the first American idol started to face rumors. Play Akin 2003 runner up has logged in on for assistance speculation that he set off for his would name. Gay, Akin including Prince Charles. I'm not so much of a trivia for American idol. I'll say that for you. Can we do it when you buy it? Oh yeah. Yeah. All right. Here comes the part. Here comes the piece of resistance, baby. The piece with no resistance. Seriously, it's right in the middle when you open up the middle full of magazine. You'll see lots of fools. In fact, they are called as lapage defaults. This is the stars with deadly evening disorders. All right. You just, you're just going to go nuts when you see this. Actually Simpson, per low point, she was 5 foot 6 and weighed 70 pounds. My left leg weighs more than that. Wow. I think fat boys. Right. Go ass. Certainly weighs more than a set of pounds. I think this is right. I think this is right. Chequois more than that. Stars would deadly evening disorders. And those at risk. Fame can kill or hear curstielly. I'm serious when you do not eat a meal before you open up to the middle of this magazine. All right. In fact, I would go on about a three day fast. Let me have a little. Got a two. Cookie dough. Cookie dough. Wow. Fame can kill. That's especially true in Hollywood where the constant pressure to maintain their figures. Cause some starts at about deadly evening disorders. Chusses and a waxy of bullying even binge eating and puts up the stress at risk at sense. Because on I already read you the Oprah thing. Jamie Lynn's Seagler. I don't even know who she is. That's all from the spread of us. Oh, I don't want to say. She's very low. Why was 5 foot 6 and 90 pounds? Daily. At 16, she struggled with what she calls exercise. Believe me. And even the sort of the competitor exercise of Sensitively to burn calories. The start over the breakup of the boyfriend, the 5 6. Beauty lost 30 pounds. Not 30 men. And wait only 90. By eating less than 300 calories a day taking 7 dance classes a week and exercising up to 4 hours a day. I hated the way I looked when I saw myself in the mirror but I just couldn't stop when I was doing she confesses. She co-starzes daughter, meadow soprano, meadow soprano, meadow soprano, meadow soprano. Finally, she reached out for help from a nutritionist, a therapist and a psychologist who prescribed me medic. Maybe she just hit her for like a restaurant would have been good. Could have saved a lot of cash. Actually Simpson actually says I was around a lot of girls with eating disorders. Actually had a minor one myself. Yeah, minor one five six seventy pounds. Ha ha ha. Oh god. The punk rocker turned pop starts. Reels that she had a brush with the eating disorder. There's pop starts that way more than she does. She had a brush with the eating disorder and a rest of when she was only 11. Actually was taking ballet classes and found herself surrounded by rail thin dancers. At 5 foot 60 aspiring ballerina subterway scrawny, 70 pounds after about 6 months of night being too much at all. Luckily her eating habits and bump figures sparked her parents' concern. Now, shape me a 21 the pop princess ghost that her food issues have long been put to rest. I think I have good curves and they're womanly. She said they would never know that because the picture here is your way about four pounds. Although a judge is a smitten with her. Not. I like the smitten with her sister. There you go. Well George did. He didn't smip what he said. He did sit with her sister. It's not with her sister. There's a table. Put my arm around. There's a table. He put his hand over the table at all. No, we got this blockage down here. Another American idol love bitch. She's five four. She forced herself to stand down to one-on-one. I can hear the beach voice singing right now. After losing a music edition, we're rivals on judges' team more physically fit. How about four-on-one? No, I haven't. Why not, too? When I was younger, I tried out for a part in this other girl beat me out. It was not musically gifted as me, Kelly, because she must have been really talented. So she was so cheated that she, for nearly six months, she didn't eat much anything. There it is. Yeah. That was a nice float. Paula, I have dual, that bitch. I realized I needed professional help, and I looked at myself in a mirror. My body looked like a skeleton. I could see my bones sticking out to my skin. My legs look as thin as toothpaste she said. But all those chilling words, American idol judge, because they she hit rock bottom, rock bottom, rock bottom. And checked into her clinic to beat the even disorder. At a petite five-two, she now tries to maintain her weight of 105, but she's ballooned one 35 in a past. In her darkest day, she would binge out an entire cake, a bag of cookies and a tub of ice cream, then purge by going to the bathroom and vomiting. Oh God. She had writers worth the former LA-Lakers chiefly to exercise obsessively to burn off the calories. On 1994, she was down to waste, scant 86 pounds. But here, here's the, this is, I'm not going to waste your 10-dollar these other ones. Like Courtney for instance, which I don't even know who she is. She's on a sitcom day-by-day never seen it. It's a bit of a bunch of things, really. She was down to five, six, and 103 pounds. When she's up to a tubby 104, I guess. Then say, Barbara Streisand, man, if you, when you see this picture, you will either land for yourself to death or just teen your pants or both. Barbara says, and she's got that one booby pointed toward the southeast, and I'm not sure what else is behind it, Jack, and I'm at the other side. Maybe it's made it way. Maybe they've all blended into one now. Maybe she's got a grinder. I'm going to be a lot of fat on her chest. I've been eating like a pig. I hate exercising. It's torture for me since Barbara. Oh, beautiful. It makes me, sweetheart. People. The Maldi town in Hollywood, Deb, a birder, so on TV's prime time last September after she gained 30 pounds. I'm sorry, man. I guess it's much a way that it won 75. During her 60's, hey, days, she guided neck-saccia's, stay at felt 120. She gradually pumped up to 145. And then, uh, 175. Anybody go for 200. But while filming the 2004 comedy meet the Fockers, a 64-year-old Oscar went and morphed into a junk food junk, he brought you on five chicken brownies, cupcakes, and I came from the refaitaib with between scenes. If you were to move, we'll be called meet the Fockers. You probably have some disorders too. How's revealed like bad guys? How big James, bro, and occurred to her to change her eating habits, and begin to exercise routine. Instead, she turned to 9x4 to Jenny Crafer out, but actually, looks just like, uh, Christy Alie, like her cow. Cookie dow. Oh, here's what owner, Judd. Oh, my gosh, he made his Barbara look like a magic. Well, no, no, Judd. My, I guess, totally, moly rat me. No one went on a Judd. Yeah, she always did. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. She's a more than sick right now. She weighs 274. Wow. She's wearing a pup temp. Wow. But the best one I say for last, remember I told you about this before hopefully you forgot. I gave you that musical clue, right? On a co-richy. Let's see, in 2014, she will weigh 122 pounds. The puns to a fairly free. Oh, this is the one. Why is she wearing this bra? She has like, where other women have like, uh, outdentations like, uh, she has indentations. But the skeleton they're concave. She weighs 85 pounds. Yeah. 5 foot 2, or her. And full of goo. And she weighs 82 pounds. But wait till we get back and do the monochrome. Man, that's my favorite. Seriously, if it's the last thing you do, go out and buy this magazine. Do it today. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 162 days. Yeah. The lines are too narrow. Way to all on our rack. And then wire taps. Make sure that all guy in the face. Feel her a change. In Valorate play, my book, a raven, quanta, my no-bain. I've got rib. No Debbie and Dates. Just coulda live, me. And gas prices out of control. I can't stop the flow of people from Mexico. So I'm going down in the pool. Cause I'm the press with low ratings. I can't hold like me, but I'm always paid me my sake in the term. Let's face it, people. Make sure about it's worth my money. My English in need translate me. I'm on the Anazen boy. I'm gay. No, I'm a press. We know who we're a loser. That's the loop. That's how I'm the one who's a press with low. Yeah. I'm being folks like me. Anyway, your buddy Lou Dobbs, your new hero, right, before we get to Monika and her cow like appearance. Dobbs says game marriage amendments, you're nonsense. President Bush says we urge Congress to pass the constitution of the Bending Game. By the way, it's never got to a vote. They have killed it. Right. At a time when the US faces some of the greatest challenges in our nation's history, says Lou. So logically, what could possibly better ensure the prosperous and bright future of working men and women and their families than for the Senate to work on a constitutional amendment that's guaranteed to fail? It is clear that cynical patronizing one house political strategist are trying to rally a conservative base that they believe is more based in conservative. They're wrong in all counts. We're fighting a war against radical Islamist terrorist with ongoing campaigns in American Afghanistan. We're not drowning in death from our growing record trading budget deficits, and we're watching our public education system fail a generation of students. Congress has yet to act on effective solution to our illegal immigration crisis as millions of illegal to flood our borders each year, and our nation's borders in ports are still woefully insecure four and a half years after the attacks of 9.11. Lou says, I believe most Americans are far more concerned about their declining real wages and lack of real creation of quality jobs than in the insulting insertion of wages, using the National Biologna Political agenda. A president portion of the Senate decided they should take up a constitutional ban on game marriage. Poles tell us most of us opposed game marriage, though same polls also are shouting to our elected representatives in Washington that we want real leadership and real solutions to real problems. The president of the Senate's Republican leadership are now claiming that in amendment to our constitution necessary to save the American and family, no matter how you feel about the issue and many of us feel deeply, a constitutional amendment to ban game marriage is uttered complete nonsense. It's an insult to the intelligence of every voter who public an or Democrat liberal conservative. The president of the Senate are focusing on one of the few reasons that has not been proven across the divorce. They instead should look to financial hardships and lack of communication about family finances. The median family income is stagnating, log gasoline costs, and high-interest rates are eating up the family budget. Nor is the Senate looking at the National Transitive Outer of Wedlock berths, in seven states more than 40% of our children are born out of wedlock, nationally more than one out of three of our children born on married parents. Both political parties love to excite and in life and they're so called bases by focusing on issues like game marriage, abortion, gun control, school prayer, and flag burning, both of Republicans and Democrats raise these issues to distract and divert public attention from the pressing issues of the effect our way of life and our nation's future. Are these why issues really how Congress should be spending its time, especially given how little time policies and spending Washington D.C. these days? I'd rather see our 535 elected representatives and this president use their time to combat poverty. Fix our crumbling schools. So if you're our broken borders and ports and hold employers accountable for their hiring illegal aliens. And like millions of Americans, I'm desperate for resolution to our wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. How can we tolerate elected officials who press wage issues when 37 million people in the Westland and poverty want an every eight Americans, almost 18% of children under the eight to 18 learned poverty, 13 million kids. Nearly 46 million people live without health insurance, about 16% of population, a number that is risen by 6 million since 2000. More than one in 10 children are uninsured and a quarter of people live in comes below 25 grand, also lack any health insurance. College cost is skyrocketing. There's been a 40% jump in place and just in tuition and fees at public for your college's universities over the past five years according to the college board. The cost for brand name prescription drugs have also increased twice as fast as the rate of inflation. In fact, over the past six years, the average rise in the price of brand name drugs is 40% of the AARP. While these increases in the price of basics make it harder for working men and women to make ends meet, the president and Congress would rather drive wage issues and work to reveal solutions. I wonder if the president's political advice is no just how it vies and smart me, this way, as you look to the millions of us who want solutions to the critical urgent problems facing this nation worse, I wonder if they even care. Since you're a hero, Lou Dox. I'd like that. Great Gordon, Lou. Keep it up. Take all of those. Yeah, that's an interesting story to that. Lou Dox and who wasn't? I don't know what that was all about. Anyway, it was just a panic. It was a laugh riot. No. 9508 votes at 105. We got a made machine. 958. Who is your favorite dead singer? John Lennon 176 Bob Marley 176 Jim Morrison 83. Elvis 62. Roy Orbison 49. Marvin Gaye 47. Hey Marvin, how's it going sweetheart? Freddie Mercury 44. Kurt Cobain 42. Jimmy Hendrix 41. Johnny Cash 41. Frank Sematra 39. George Harrison 34. Jim Crochi 28. Patty 2927. Janice 243. Jerry Garcia 19. Oh boy, fat. Terry Carver 2016. He's running Jerry's butt. Rick Nelson only 14. They don't like him. Buddy Holly 14. That King cool 11. See the cruise 10. I hate this pool. 9. Frank's that only five. Bobby Duran 3 2 pack Scott 3. Louis of Andrew Street. Mama Cass had 3 and she ate them all. Billy Preston 3. No. Thorous B.I.G. 2. And old dirty. It's got one. And if I can make even show it to read just before the end of the show. I'm sure older. I. Monica Lewinsky. Oh wait to see this five six and guess how many pounds. Uh, 198. Oh, call. You're not even warm. Really? Guess again. She's over two. Oh, 230. Keep going. No. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. No way. Yes. Way. 280. Keep going. I don't believe it. Too many. Five. Keep going. She's not over three. Five. Six. 300 pounds. She's got to be perfectly round. Perfect. She's vertical. Well, let me just put it this way. She's wearing like a shirt, like a guy shirt. Uh, and she's got it outside her, um, whatever she's wearing. Her pantalomies. She's five six. Five six. I'm five in pounds. I'm going to say it again. Five foot six. 200 pounds. She is a almost twice per side. She makes her own a judge. It looks like a magic. Unfortunately, my appetite doesn't discriminate against my moods. Happy. The infamous White House interior loves the so much that await his one sword. To a scale busing 300 pounds. According to a 94 driver's license, five six. Monica waited for bus one 35. But by 1999, year after her is zipper gated fair with Bill Clinton, a slow to the headline. She tipped the scales at one seventy five. But that was only the beginning. Desk with his slim dime. Monica sounded the most folks of him for Jenny Craig were in the reported 10 grand for repont she should. The incentive worked. But after the die company dropped her ass. Monica fell back into her old eating habits and hit almost 300 pounds. By late 2000, Porsche was down to waste felt too 60 when she spent five days consulting the Trishness and fitness experts at grail springs. Health retreat and well-assigned bank Roth Ontario candidate. I thought that the earth was tilting. Poused post of the 32 year old handbag designer, Blamer chronic overreting on her scandalous affair with Clinton. Oh yeah, let's blame Bubba for it. He used to eat all him tea burgers, you know. Yeah. Monica struggled with her weight virtually her entire life at a Jenny Craig spokesman Brian Luscom of poor Monica. Mental health experts by the way before that eating disorders have the highest mortality rate of any mental illness. 95% of those with eating disorders are between the ages of 12 and 25. See, nothing wrong with being a tubby kid. I mean, I could live very long with Nicholas. Right. Wow. Hey, you sure do. Oh, look at this. We both been heathered. Exbow of Paul's wife thanks him for steaming her. The man jilted by had the meal six days before they would do the marriage. He's been led to Paul McCarty and tell him no hardly links. And here's a picture of Paul McCarty here. Looks like he's sucking on a quince. No, it's just that when you, I always think like that. Oh my God. Had that post on. Good. God. Fill make her Chris Terrell even thanks Paul for saving him from certain misery adding. As things have turned out, I should probably thank you for having taken my seat on a plane that was doomed to crash in flames. Terrell's open letter to West Beetle Paul comes his heather who lost the leg in a motorbike accident wages a bitter battle of grab a $400 million slice of the rock legends portion. Heather 30 in his tall friends, she was bored with life as Mrs. McCartney. He always looked like he was sucking on a quince. She in Paustixy 3 have a two-year-old daughter. Teryl 54 met Heather while making a film about landmines in Cambodia in 2001. On the flight home she says they joined a mile high club, making passionate love under a blanket. He proposed 12 days later giving her a bamboo engagement ring. Oh bamboo. Foo. But six days before they're running after she met McCartney, Heather called the whole thing off. Teryl wrote McCartney, no hard feelings now, all is for her love and war and all that. Maybe one day we could have been a have a beer and compare notes. We have both been Heather and that's something that she never forgets. Since very McCartney and Iris Castle in 2003, the former topless model was really me as byweather, she's gross. Got a big gap between her kids, you know. Oh, she has big boobs. Has been accused of being a gold digger and exaggerated her background. Coming to Heather's defense her sister, Fiona Stormed, Heather knew she was making a huge mistake, Mary and Chris Terrell. He's remember to be hugely negative stories by using ex-girlfriends who are producers to make cool documentaries about her and not be mad enough for me. Oh, just all kinds of things, that's the one she had these problems. Oh, yeah. She'll be their biggest problem. I'm sure there's more in her mouth, I'm just getting more and more now from just getting started though. If I was you, and they're that Walgreens right there in the corner, right? On the way out the door. In fact, I'm surprised she back in the day, one of our listeners would have already brought you in a colleague magazine. Back when we had an audience right back in the day when the station meant something we had a gigantic audience and we used to like really, you know, have something going. But a force to be reckoned with. Right, that is correct. Now we're just no more force of course. But I was stopping at Walgreens there and picked this up because you really got all the tablets there. Make sure you get the right one of the picture of these fatt and scrunchicks on the front. Oh, don't worry. Oh, you'll see Bob we're right away. 71 and that pull we got somebody out there, right? 971, that's kind of fun. We got the Curtis and two and we got the Marlon game. There's no fun in that man. They suck. Marlon's on deck of three. Tomorrow is at the Giants 235 done at Burie hit one. I guess not last time. They were scored two runs and he did not. He did not. Oh, I know where did you know that. Perfect. Yes, I did. Why, I know where did you check? If you see a Burie hit 717, well you're on top of that thing. The words I saw the highlight. So I know. What was the highlight? What happened? I didn't see the whole highlight. I just saw like the box core. And afterwards it wasn't him. It wasn't very correct. Because obviously you couldn't give a crap less about the Giants. Not really. No, who would? And since GT still left, you're right on either way. It can write down to him. 12 minutes after one at five, 60 WQA. If you love voting, you can go out and spread a ton of money and buy a vote. And that's where the hassle is just began. Oh, my goodness. Lot of grief, a lot of maintenance, a lot of expense. So instead of doing that, here's a smart alternative for you. Stop and call, tubnodico and 1-800 vote rent instead. By paying the expenses of buying a vote, when you can rent one totally hassle free, they do all the hassle for you, man. They take it all out of there. Join the club at Clubnodico called 1-800 vote rent. You'll be surprised at just how easy it is. No docking costs, no expensive upkeep, no insurance, and no hurricane preparation. When you have a vote from Clubnodico, it's totally stress free and truly affordable. They take care of all the fans for you. Call 1-800 vote rent, no getting the vote ready because Clubnodico do it for you. No cleaning up either. At Clubnodico just top on your vote and go and have a fantastic time. When you're done pulling the dock, it often leaves, just walk away. Call Clubnodico at 1-800 vote rent, they make a simple for you. I love it to vote into a page you go from small boats to your charters and everything in between these are the people to be calling. Clubnodico called 1-800 vote rent, and let Clubnodico take your plan to fit what you need and your budget too. A affordable hassle free, get on the water today with Clubnodico by calling 1-800 vote rent. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-18. And all the time, the radio industry turns to FMQB or the latest on OPEN Anthony. If you haven't read FMQB lately, here's what you missed. The other day, I hope you had a hand sandwich, other day, I hope you had a night jump. It was just a marginal morning zoo, but now the only morning zoo that you need to know. Yes, none other than opening an Anthony's agent Bob Eaton markets a fresh new concept to morning drive. I've got the low voice. And I got the high voice. Wow, that is like so morning zoo! Go what hygiene, those crazy kids will have in store for you. The one to find out more, subscribe now to OPEN Anthony, I'm Hibina FMQB, or the latest industry insider school bond. Okay, thank you. You missed it. I hope you had an Anthony. I have an Anthony. So speaking of FMQB, I got in my hand right now and the latest and greatest. After spending only 2, and I got this without any help from Norma Kent too and you're like that. Oh wow, after spending only 20 minutes debating what legislation on 2, the last night, the house of representatives is voting the afternoon on the Senate of the, uh, version of the indecency bill. It is widely expected to bill, will be approved. that's hacking in decency fines to 10 times the court amount and President Bush ruled the inside of the bill of law, make no mistake about it. He'll be in a big rush to do that. Only rush I think's got an exemption in this. He can say all the crappy ones. Right. Reports say that the bill sets the maximum while we know that 325. For representative spoke last night with only Diane Watson, Democratic California Post in legislation. According to broadcast in Kibble, she said that the bill was a weak attempt to solve a unusual and calling it uncreative policy that will harm our creative community. Representative Fred Watson, Republican of Michigan, helped craft the house version of the indesensible, which had stronger language and stiffer penalties. He said yesterday, we're entering the homeless direction, giving the filth and triplex mud off the public airways. Oh, God. Don't you just love people like that? Oh yeah, what's he got going? Something probably lots of skeletons right on the rise. At their current levels, fines are more across to doing business rather than a deterrent said, upton, the court of Hollywood reporter, the court can't provide 325 to put that into perspective. A 32nd commercial air during this year, Super Bowl cost 2.6 million averaging more than $86,000 a second. I raised in the fines to 325 grand. I'm confident that broadcasts will think twice about pushing the envelope or our kids will be better for it. Oh, yeah, your kids out there don't push the envelope or you don't push it. And it puts that food on the table just push it away. Say, oh, fam, I put something good on there. Yeah, give me some of my raviolios. Now speaking of food, I never eat on here anymore. But I will make an exception. I think I'm going to do this every Wednesday. I'm going to buy Wednesdays. Except, of course, I won't be working anymore Wednesdays because pretty soon sooner than you think. If that's summer time, vacations and schedules of your application next week, right? That is correct. Hmm. What about jobs? Is John's game vacation? Yeah, December, you know, December. On any vote of Vegas? No, I will be taking a risky trip to Vegas. Now, be going to Tahoe in December. Oh, okay. Well, the horse of a different color. Now, you told me you were there before? Yeah, I've been to Tahoe before. There is beautiful man. I'm a robot, the gambling part about downtown, but they have the lake. Oh, man. I made a mistake by that lake. Did it took my, no, because there's two signs that say Lake Tahoe, one means like the casino part and the other means the actual lake. And I take it from last month. Last month, Tony is man. And that was a wild ride. God, all these curving roads. There's a couple of spots in the road up there, wait, you just to stop sign. You either come to a stop or go over to cliff. Hmm. And you have to like practically make a U-turn to keep on growing around the mountains. Beautiful stuff, man. Tahoe. Well, I sure hope you don't play any slots out there, because that's evil. You know, it's a work of a little devil. Don't worry. What? You're all played with slots. It's way way around meeting now. We need all, all, I better not tell you. Oh, I was a bad mistake on my part. Frank, no, it's her party. If you're going to have a party, always buy some of our party, but guess what brand it is. Oh, craft. Sorry. Craft. That's a good. It's good. Do. Yeah. You know, like it. This goes as craft. If you get another brand of a party, it would be better. It's got no carbs compared. That's all I got right now. Because it's really not good. It's basically when you got diabetes. You know, this business and that eating all day, you have the bacon and the morning like I do, right? And then go all the way through the night time. That's not good. No, it's not. To keep your blood sugar nice and constant, under 700, that's right. And if you have like small meals throughout the day, and like maybe take a couple of calls throughout the day, like one or two, not too many. How many QAM? Hello. Oh, yes, me. I mean, just turn my radio down. Good afternoon. Good afternoon, sir. And, you know, I heard somebody call, I've been in my car. The bad black part is so, this is the case where I have more than one. Certainly Sam Cook. Sam Cook would be an excellent choice. And the temptations were really David Russell and David Russell and David Russell and it is correct. And Eddie Kendrick's. And one more Barry. Like very white. You can all of these guys. Hi, really. I've seen them all in concert. I know. I don't think so. Very well. Very well. Very well. Okay, I know that. Very white. Eddie Kendrick's. You're all a little fast. David Russell and David Russell was saying Cook was great. Have you had a lot of votes? Yeah. Sam I saw as a little boy. Did he get shot in the motel room? Yeah, did he get there? I am. Damn it. I tried to tell him to tell him to choose the motel of Sam. But is father? Is that more than gay? No, that was a Marvin Gaze Daddy. He thought it was a man like a, he was a... I actually was the jealous boyfriend. That's right. That's what it was. Okay, thanks a lot. Thank you. Bye bye. Yeah, Marvin Gaze Daddy. Shot Marvin. That's why we like to have been a Harper better because at least he's still alive. That's right. Fred, I have a little bit of a var. You know how much love for this thing. But it is craft. So don't want to overdo for that. It's not the craft. Tell me. Why do you say that? We got nine hundred ninety three votes. Everything is looking so positive now man. Norma's got that big media on Friday with the J. J's. You're also gonna be on that meeting? I give up. J. J from Good Times. WQAM, hello. Hello? Yes sir. We're here against Barry Barnes doing drugs. He won't work, right? I'm all for him. Huh? Why do you want some of them? Yeah. Yeah, it sounds like you got a head start. WQAM, hello. What was that? It's one of Josh's people. Oh, it's the crow. Oh no. Oh no, it was the crow. I know that voice anywhere. You never did something. You put your skin a hell out of me. You never said it to me. No, I still don't have it. Well why not? We're the uh wrong vault. Well, give it out of the vault. We'll get it. That needs to be played a lot. You have any QAM? Hello? Yes sir. Oh boy. Bading off into the uh, Ethric man, is fading away. WQAM, hello. Yes sir. How about a Frank Zopper? He's on here. He's on the five votes. I'm a, I'm a, I'm a turn on the QAM over the weekend. It was a bit so sorry. I'm here. Yeah, I turn on QAM over the weekend. It was a big mistake of my part because I heard this guy in the crow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've thought about the crow. I've heard it listen to that. There you go. In fact, it worked here. We're thinking of hiring him for next weekend. Thanks. Good suggestion. Huh? Heccled, jekyll, and schneckl. We're going to put on a replace the crow. What the fuck did? This station is just a six with that crap. Five six seven. I mean, if there's anybody he's got a written Oliver's forehead. You do not belong on the air. I got your pro bonics right here home boy. Mani, mani, mani. I think that's a crow's favorite. I like that one. Yeah. Bob, we keep putting on, we keep insisting on putting on people who don't belong on the air. That seems to me the the foretay of our new head to Hunchard, the new bright light, and the V-sate organization, Clarence Dero, putting on people who are very clearly you don't belong on the air. That's a specialty I do sure and do do it. He's doing all over the place. We got a thousand votes. Now I can leave. Aren't you excited? This is good. Yeah. And are you like a party? Yeah, I do. Man, it's good stuff. Mmm. I'm sure you, well of course you to vote like a plague. Just pretend you don't see the branding because this is good. I mean, they have a twist and they're like rectangular like kind of a tube. Not a tube, but like a rectangular package. You see me. Right. Like long bricks and cheese. No, no, no. I mean, twist which is pretty good. But the have already is. It should be a surprise. I'd like what? Like any like boarden like a boarden lady boarden. Sure. She's a cow. I can sure you have some nice local varies up there in Canadian. Yeah, sure. Okay. Next time next time I go in a market. I'll see if I can get invited to replace me. Next time I'll introduce you to a volunteer. Well, not be no crap product. I'll come out of the same. Vary me. When's the wood vine segment? Finally revealed. I know this is what I love about these tabloids. Finally revealed. The real father Jackson Shirley. The only problem is it doesn't say. Michael is always paying me father to kids. Yeah, would Debbie Rowan only a moron would believe it. One of Michael's worst nightmares is about to come to the identity of the real father of his two elders children's about to be made public. Aren't you on the edge of your seat? No, no, no. Source to say the bombshell disclosure will devastate the already embattled top star who's always insisted that he's a biological father of a son, Prince Michael nine and daughter perisade. Michael is told to roll repeatedly that he's the daddy of these two kids. It's a big bull face lie and how to about to blow up in his face at a source. An insider added to so many sources and so many insiders, you know. An insider added as a question of how much more Michael can take. He was a quitted chameleastation chargers like you, but the four month growth trial to support this trip both as reputation as finances. If the real father of his children's revealed has the potential of shadowing him for good. So the insider, even in Bahrain. Isn't that great? That is great. Oh, and also the let's see. Where is it? I think it was in Mike what's his name? You know, it's gossip things there. I don't talk about. I don't know what you're talking about. Yeah, I think it was named it. I think that there was a thing in here about he's getting pizza. There's a local pizza ria and Hollywood here at Michael Walker. Is it in here? I know it's I've read it and here somewhere in his magazine. Oh, yeah, here you go. Michael Jackson broke question mark. Don't waste the time worrying about El Laco. Once a week regularist clock work his favorite pizza ria. Joe Peeps in the San Fernando Valley. Packs pies for him and his build, rug rats, and Ron metal film cans. Then ships to walk through Bahrain to wherever he might be. The pizza's not pricey, but Jacko's FedEx bill equals my mortgage payments is Mike. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Oh, there you go. Yeah, he's got problems. He's getting pizza. He's in Bahrain. He's been pizza shifted. I got to tell him a half of the pizza in Bahrain, you bet. Well, not the time he liked. I think so. He sure's held on half here, man. I got crap. Well, it's 28 pounds. If you ever come to Toronto, do not go to pizza pizza. I'll tell you that right now. You're a huge fan of your life. If you're a cigar smokeer like to kick back with a good fat one and a good premium Branson of our two, then be he a cigar's by Tony Barhani is for you. These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco, process naves of 10 years, but he has a real motis cigar maker specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco. But he had gold a flagship line gets to 90-what rating by cigar Fizzonella cigar and Cetter, and 9.1 by smoke magazine. This rich flavor, well balanced full body, Nick or Wacowan cigar's got earthy hints of dark roast coffee, chocolate, spicy pepper flavors. Also, be sure to try that we hear the sale. A hottest release of Garg-Line's 10 months. The sale gets a high rating of 91 by cigar Fizzonella cigar and Cetter. Really high, like I've called our two calls back. A powerful cigar with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. The finish is long and full body with additional spice and a note of charred wood. Careful, you're going to wind up with charred wood yourself. To get 40% off on me, he has cigar's thumb that me a while just since you're and, like I said, he's going to save a lot of cash. 40% off the regular price. So, call them at 2 to the toll free number. 1-800-35 behier. That's 1-800-35 B-A-H-I-A. This is real rubbish. This is 5-16-2-A-S. Our David's a bitch. A-B-E-E. Taylor had a bad day. He could finally all walk the figure down The key was freely and joked in the lights and grey hair. It was got dead. The car definitely, he ever had a chance. You had a bad day. How he could this are. Someone's right. You should be singing in bars. You had a bad day. You had a bad day. But don't forget he's not gay. 133-27-02. There's a lesson to everybody listening to me right now. Take it from an old fang. When somebody tells you that they're not gay, you know what that means? That they are? Yes. Good. To the toll judge, there's no chance for it. Howard Stern finally started Dishing this morning about the settlement of his lawsuit with CBS radio, over the crux of his conversation involving Rambi. Acquisition of his 20-year broadcast archive. Syria has paid $2 million to CBS to get control of 23 hours of his material, which now can be broadcast in un-incensored form on Syria. Stern said he would not seducate a back to terrestrial radio, which would be exclusively her own Syria. And there's an interesting thing in her, especially since this is on FMQB, which is so far uphours but that has come out of his earlobes. It says it'll be interesting to see what Stern is doing with the archive, as he has said multiple times that the last 10 years at K-Rock were sub-par radio. So that there'll be an expectation for the documentary he initially dives into free-road broadcast, and has to be called from his first decade at K-Rock. I'd be like that. So no matter how it's presented, fans of Stern's classic days, or rejoices appearances by old dirty, Billy Wassam, Kineson, tanked the dwarf, and more will finally be able to heard in their un-censored form, without all those f***ing stuff. Without duffs sitting there at 18 dump buttons, you know? I'll tell you one thing, what we did at the Stern Show on this station, the people are on death row for less or crimes than that. We sliced it up, we had sliced it and diced it, and speaking of Swiss cheese, my god. You know, there are these last two years in this place. It's been like a never-ending nightmare. You know, you keep thinking you're going to wake up and never happens. That's probably because of good sound management. And speaking of that, here's next week's schedule just came over, and this looks like this week's schedule, and there's some revisions. What, no, I see. Well, see, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, we're already gone. And we care about any of the things on this schedule. I don't see anything I care about. Got a whole bunch of stuff. You went baseball on a weekend, the 1360, and this, and that, whole bunch of stuff that nobody cares about. Why? Who gave you that? Creeper. Oh, Greeper. Kick his ass out there. Don't let him in our studio. He's not allowed in there. Kick his ugly ass out. Creeper, my ass. If I told you once, I've told you, yeah, in time, to keep him out of there. Man, what a silly person. Nine. Well, what kind of an adult? What kind of a supposed adult says nine? I've got to cold that day. And I have a cold that day. And I'll send it over to you. I'm sticking up for Greeper now. I'll be just telling you that with the story. I'll be here. I have a cold. He had a cold my ass. Yeah. Exactly. Or he says he can't speak. Thousand eight votes on a pool. And very wide. And it can be in the same rough. Who is same rough? Isn't that what a same cook? Oh, my God. You know, cook rhymes was, no. Because I got that David rough and something to ask. David rough and so he took David rough and sand cook and he put them together. Yeah, little piece of each. And put a little piece of each one there. We came up with Sam rough. Now I could see who Sam Huffley used to play for the giants. The linebacker, you know? Remember, Sam Huffley? Yeah. Right. No, you do not. I just believe I do. You're hurt or no. Yeah. But you don't remember me hurt. All I got to do is be a few of the protests. He's got hate spas. And that lovely. We knew that by the way. This is Jimmy rough. This is not David rough. Sorry. Joe and Osborne. Hey, the tie. Is it David rough and? Yeah. What's all the Jimmy rough and do? I think he's dead too. I can look it up. That's David rough and? Yes. All these years. It's just like that thing with Chuck Thompson I learned about yesterday. See before I broke, I want to learn all these mistakes I've made like showing up in this station. David rough and I got no Jimmy rough and. Well, I can't can you like Google it? I could. Why do you need to go first? My heart's something of what's this call? My whole world I just, my whole world. They, you are walking the door. That's what we say to Joe. I'm going to be a high school who worked. Tom, Tom, Tom. There's that. There's the front brothers. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. Jimmy rough and wasn't musicians. Well, I know that. I ain't up here. You're so helpful today. I never know how I made the first all these years without you. Sam rough. Can we get Sam cook on her please? You know, the embarrassment factor working in this station is great to be here. But it's Sam rough. I don't know how these sounds are now. You never heard of Sam cook? I heard all of these. I bet you got you, Sammy both, Sam cook and you are piled up. You got it? I work on the Chang gang. Everybody has their presence. Sam rough for one. Everybody has their presence. Sam rough for one. Oh, Sam rough cook. I'm going to read that again. I'm going to share that's our front. You might remember this for one of our partner bits. But we can't play anymore. Tom, sure that. You can play that. I don't know. You tell me. I love it, Sam. I love it. I love it. I love it. Doesn't say fist anywhere. And that says fist. And we can say that's just to take off on a bill first. That right wing crook from a Tennessee. Of course, it was hot to try out on the anti game arrangement. I got a studio amendment which failed by the way. And I said forget about it. Get lost. Go whistle in somebody else's rear ear. A thousand and fourteen votes on a pull. I told you we'd take it real easy into a thousand. I got an ice sharp knife on here. I'm cutting my hearty with. Seven for Josh next time. Sam rough. Oh, man. Dead singers we never heard of before. That's our next face. He's Neil Rodgers. He's five, sixty, two, eight. But I was so with you'll go from a spoke. The following messages from your presence, home mass security and the NSA. Your application for the National Voter ID card should be arriving soon. We strongly suggest you apply immediately. Failure to do so may results in heavy fines or imprisonment. For those who already have their National Voter ID card, present it when asked for your papers. Now here are your instructions to obey without question. Everyone whose last name begins with the letters L through V. We'll report to Haliburton Post 1v today for processing. Please have your papers ready. Or tomorrow only everyone who's last name begins with the letters W through Z. And ends with a sign with a Y or an I. We'll report to Kayney R. Post 2A for processing. Who views have your papers ready. Overhead monitors will be showing American pencils to keep your views while standing in line. To all those laurels who visit the administration. Thank you for your blind support. And don't worry about it. We won't be coming for you. We do ask however that you come to us and report to Kayney R. Post 3C for processing. Who is have your papers ready? Wait until you have a paper. Well, I'm 44 or 60 Bill 2 a QA. Anyway, would you please do me a favor and Sam Cook on there? The best part of the whole deal is Sam Ruff's got a vote. Hey, alright. It was big. I already said a message to Eric. I think he's going to change Sam Cook. Right. Well, easy busy for both of them. That's supposed to be two different names. Right. We're supposed to have David Ruff and Anne. David Ruff and Sam Cook is where we melt them into one. Well, you know something that both did. So what difference is it? Right. Well, make a Frankenstein. There you go. Cadillac escalates still taps them on Carthews. So don't be driving your escalator. Tell Tom Brady. Don't be driving his escalator on the ballpark. GM Chrysler and Ford. But Tony ain't that far off now. It's already the 7th of June. Aren't you getting a little football excited now? Oh yeah. I don't mean you're ready for some football. Are you ready for some smash mouth football? Yeah. Have you got that call? Or her. That was on my favorite calls ever in 80 years. I've been doing this on QA and right downstairs on the second floor. I passed up the phone call and it's some some goofball. Hey Neil, you ready for some smash mouth football? No. M O U F. Smash mouth. Very good. Much mouth. Well, yeah. Some much mouth. We got that on a weekend. In fact, I'm sure that's all over this schedule. The revised schedule we got. We got mush mouth. I like that. I'm sure you do. Well, that's a good mouth. Okay. GM Chrysler and Ford want to make more cards that people are keen to buy. But they already have a few models of people like to steal. That's how bad they want them. For the fourth straight year, GM's luxury Cadillac escalated top to list of late model of vehicles that most coveted by thieves, according to an analization of theft claims in 2005 by the insurance industry. Ford's F-25350 large pickup truck was the in the top five most stolen models along with a Dodge RAM, 151, required can't pick up. And assuming Ford or sedan both made by Chrysler, as the eye coca-do on East alive, you know? Yes, yes, yes. I'll be down. And all I could add, thank you, still doing some spots. You know, could they over 100? Pickups have become more popular among Carthys. They're sales of grown. The high performance, Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution Ford or sedan was also among the most stolen models for the first time. Investigators suspect they may attract thieves because its parts can be used to customize the standard Lancer. The Ford Taurus and the Patex vibe and vehicle savor both made by GM or Monk Lee stolen models. Investigators are fully able to insurance institute for highway safety, which represent insurance companies on safety and consumer issues, examine claims of vehicles between one and two years old. It's got pop culture appeal, the escalator's got buzz. It's desirable, said insurance institute spoke to the rust raider. He noted that newer vehicles are often stolen by professionals for export, but he said escalators with a price tag of more than 60 grand in features like leather seats, an navigation system and satellite radio are sometimes found on block script of their interior parts. I mean, like that. Do you think you got that thing straight enough for us? He said he was good. Oh yeah, same cooks, don't have any votes yet. So we have to put an asterisk next to that, like very bonds records because he's got a handy crab. Thousands and twenty three votes. He once we got to a thousand and he like eased off a little bit. Plus I would imagine right now it's a seven to juniors, nobody around anyway. Kids are out of school, right? Who is your favorite dead singer, John Lennon 179? Bob Marley, one thirteen, man. Oh my god. You know, you know something Bob Marley is the second best dead singer of all ten. No, we'd rather stop the music now, you know? Stop the music. That's, it just makes my stomach sure. And that have already, I think is the making a comeback. Well, I also looking for a quick exit. Jim Morrison 88, L over 65. This is a very anti-elvis crowd, man. Roy Orbison 52, Marvin Gaye 50, Freddie Mercury 46, Johnny Cash 44. He's still walking the line. Kurt Cobain 43, Jimmy Hendrix 42, Frank Sinatra 39, George Harrison 37, Jim Crouchy 31. I don't think most of Punks know who Jim Crouchy is anymore, do they? Not most of them. I bet you Josh knows Jim Crouchy. Jim Crouchy? You don't know who that is. Tasty client 28, Janice 1924, Jerry Garcia 20, but you know who that is because you can't mess with a grateful dead, the dead heads get real violent. They get all wild. They start turning them tie-died, tie is action. Karen Carpet 18, I hate this full 15. That King Cole 14, Mona Lisa, Rick Nelson 14, I would mad, but still stuck at 14. The audience hates Rick Nelson. In fact, they hate him so much. They wish he would die. Well, guess what? Well, I'm not. But I mean, I'm not. But I mean, I'm not. But I mean, I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I'm not. But I mean, I'm not kind of embarrassing. I'm getting David rough and I choose other people doing that. Well, probably some of that hardest racing stuff squeezed it out of your head. I don't remember any hardest drive. I was called rough and I do remember a red Ross. Yeah. Yeah. I remember a broken handle. Huh? Porky handle. Yeah. Crocodile. And of course, he's dead. Which is now. If I can remember his dad's name, but I can't. I remember Roger Hammer from Pennsylvania. And what about Billy and how is Rieger? Oh, my God. See, this is dangerous. And the thing maybe we can get a group right on some lobotomies? I don't know. I got some stuff I could do. Tell it on management, man. Getting a start with them. Would they try and word the JJ group? That is sad. What's going on with these people? QAM. Hello. The Georgia's on the Cull. WQAM. Oh, thanks for taking my call. Yeah. What's your time? Long time. I was wondering. Who do you think's going to win it all this year? WQAM. Hello. He was doing a sports tour here. Yeah. He's doing a little satire. Yeah. On the Culls, on the Sports Show, including all the Culls across the street, all 10 of them. WQAM. Hello. I sit George to the G. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Okay. And I have a quick question for you. Have you been the last one in the van? No. I'm just... Yeah, yes. I've been about that that really cracks me up. You get out of plane. I mean, when he lives like anywhere in the east. Yeah. You get out of plane. You fly for four or five hours. You get all the way up to Vegas. And then people will get on a bus or a rent a car and they drag to Lothon. What's the point of going to Vegas in the first place if you're not going to enjoy your time there? You know, or something like that? No, no. I'm going to Vegas, but that's friends. They want me to go to Lothon. I'm thinking, you know what? Tell them have a good time. Okay. Tell them. I'll see you when you get back. And then why the question? How come you guys who have any crew member of BELIA? Yeah. That's a good point. And now actually we're going to auction that off on Ebay. It's the new revenue stream for the Beasley. Well, he'd have to be cated out there. There you go. Oh, the crew member of BELIA. That's right. Trading cards. No, yeah. We sell a lot of stuff on Ebay. In fact, a lot of people wanted what happened to the water not see. We auctioned her ass off on Ebay too. Not our just the rest. We got to all straighten that out. Thanks Eric. You redeemed yourself for yesterday when you were ignoring my 85 facts as I sensed with a pool. Okay. Who's out of the house, apparently? Well, that's okay. We got it on there. And we got over a thousand votes now. We'd have been under a thousand. We'd have probably sent like a look at Bride's suit with his house. You know, already sent him to Mars, pool, Josh is all set. You're good to go for tomorrow on all your work. Lovely. Just so that you know, well, it's WWE madness would buy on Wednesday. What, what are you chuckling about? Well, you know, it's something important happens. If it's important happens, I'll be sure in the past. If Norma can't fax his me or emails me anything important about president Lincoln's condition. I'll be sure in the past at Laundia. Oh, my god. See, this is what happens when you smoke too much bad weed. And you flip too many baseball cards. This is real Roger. Oh, this is 5.62. God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Hey, how about a bulletin eat? You keep this vast moment. Nothing more than to a perfect greet. No one's even thrown in. That's a ridiculous song. Okay, quick, listen to the chat. Now these guys are still in it. Are you in the hall? That's great. Be safe, be safe. After something may be much of a guarantee. It's higher than time. Be safe, be safe. After something may be dead, they can't stop it. And it's all right. Come on. Come on. Soak the floor of the middle class. The family can trash you, right? No boss has changed to push the sun. It's over with friends. You hear new spirits every day. I can't be too concerned about you. God, you cry, I'm just gone. Just wait, wait, wait, wait. After something may be much of a fight. I am daylight, wait, wait, wait. Everyone on pastry may buy the power. That's something to try. You're the most powerful master of my master's body. You're the most powerful master of my master's body. And I'm so tired of what one's going to hang from trees and play banjo. You're got some cool pose, a station on. You bangled, crazy old. Now as north, tear, run, that goes. Rollings of big city and old. And that's where the bees leaves had to go. For Jolly, Riley, Joe. On New GM, you do what he can. She can hang like a friend. Then quickly walk away. They had Joe's goals to five six old. With great intent, the toilet mold to get those play makes for full mows. And order and control. And then so, Jolly, Riley, Joe, above you, and in the nose he lets mows. Go, and here's what mows gives go to his own show. You make the big change. And read your grace. It's worth some of the same. He hasn't done a thing. Or what goes, how the air has to go. Jolly, time is thinking, clue, about a poor, not that essentially flows for all radio. The GM's of five six old, Jolly, Riley, Joe. Bye, bye, bye.