Or should the Varshova brought you by Arthur Cretars Pride Road Hill because good meek shouldn't go to waste and now back to our show. Space, the Final Frontier. These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. My goodness, what's that smell? Spot. And I was a place to say. Nothing, based, guess, unknown origin. So, it didn't come from you. No, Captain. To supply and deny is not logical. Bones. On your make of it. Oh, damn it, Jim. I'm a doctor, not an aroma. Barabas, sculli. Can you be this order of the brave? Shut it. Get Captain. I need more matches. This is all over. Go to Red Alert. Check up. Over the windows. It increased the word mind. It's a place to cover it. Oh, oh. That's something I really thought about before my life. What do starch smell like on other planets? Well, you know what I get there. And that's something, what are starch smell like on Uranus for example? Oh, bad. Green anyway. Well, look at this. You know, I wish they would make up their mind. I don't want to make light. It's a horrible story that thing about the omnis. But they keep changing the number on there. Yesterday, doing the show, they said there were six scrolls dead. Yeah. Then they changed it back to three. Then this morning, if I got a stretch to back up to six now, it's back to five. I guess they're like having a tough time telling who's dead and who's alive. I know. I guess they're dead now. No, seriously. Now it's back to five. I don't know. Anyway, sure. I hope Catherine Harris was not in that plane. Did you see what happened this morning in Opalaca? No, what? Cargo airplanes. Get it off the runway. It Opalaca airport this morning officials at Miami International confirmed. It was an accident that nobody got hurt. I guess you might call this the flight from a hell. The airplane, the DC7 took off from the airport about six o'clock this morning. But hydraulic forces back to Opalaca just minutes later. Then, Opalaca returning the aircraft fully loaded with fuel, skid it off the runway. Multi-problemy. How do you like that? Three people were bored, but nobody was injured. It was an accident, but nobody got hurt. The commercial flight was believed to be run by Florida air transport. I sure hope that wasn't a lot of Catherine Harris was on. Why? She is so misunderstood. You know, I'm so them. Mark Foley. 1622 votes on yesterday's pool. How many games will the dolphins win this season? Who cares? 479 of you said that almost 30%. About 30 million. More 79. Who cares? There are going to 193 people said that win six. I was trying to be very generous. That's what I voted. Screw the fish. 189. Screw the fish. What kind of a settlement is that? Of course, I came up with that on the pool. 180 people said that win five. 163 people said it win four, which means three more. 78 people said seven. 66 people said they fish. 18. Oh yeah. 61 said only two. 60 people said three. 42 people said Super Bowl. All right. Well, there will be a Super Bowl. Just that they're not going to be in it. 36. So I hate this pool. 2.2%. 27 people said they're going to win nine games. Yeah, right. Like we story. Play off 16. 15 people said they'd win 10. 12 people said that often, so over the 11, which means 10 and 2 in the last four games. Any chance to that, you know, whatsoever. None. And five bastards said they're only going to win one, which is the already won that one, which means it would lose all the rest of the games a whole season. We just put that on there at the end, this kind of a tease. Of course, some of you five people bit on it. They bit. They jumped right down on that baby. Oh, Chavez says, Castro ready to die. They didn't start. Oh, sorry. Cuba leader for now, Castro has lived his life on his ready to die. The current event is well on present Hugo Chavez doing a recent visit to Cuba. Castro tells Chavez, I already live my epic. I can die. I'm free to die. Not you. You're a slave of life. Chavez has made several visits to see female since his intestinal operation. Castro tells Chavez that he's recovering, but Chavez says that recovery will be slow because the illness is serious. Oh, my God. That else condition is treated as a state secret in Cuba. The recovery will be slow because the illness is serious. He'll be ill. Another shame. Not. Yeah. It should only croak for hell. Oh, sorry. And speak out of that, Jesus, D.S. Junior will resign today as president of the Miami-Herald media company and publish from the Harold and Ellen Weibo, Harold. I don't want to say that some of your old green tooth people really raise the Ruckus when things happen, but they sure as hell do. Yes, action comes in at a widening controversy over payments accepted by some Ellen Weibo, Harold journalist for participating in US government broadcast on Raleo, R.T. and TV Marti. The move which ends at challenging and sometimes tumultuous 14 months, as head of one of the South Florida's most visible and influential institutions is effective immediately if not sooner. David Lansberg, who served as general manager takes over today's company present and publishes both the Harold and Ellen Weibo, Harold. In order to read her, his D.S. said the company's reversing course, and will grant an estate in a two-on-weibo held report as an Afriolance Contrary, who were dismissed at September 7 when the Harold reportedly received payments under contracts with Raleo Marti and TV Marti. He also said that an internal probe determined that six other employers of the Spanish language, the old-n-weibo Harold received payments from Raleo Marti and TV Marti during the past five years, no discipline and action will be taken against them. None of the nine are anyone else to the company can accept any money from the US government around broadcasts in the future, the US said, and conflict of interest policies will be strengthened throughout the company. But he's out. He's as-he uses his out. He's out there on paper like that. We Seanковne centers building only with his Honor function. Finally commissioned to bring your daughter and the department office. There were some people created a big center for that, and he's really generous enough. To people who hate something like copies of it, it's what I've felt is you're older thanغsz Fahrchopre gekTo people White wing, sun-young moons, Washington times, resign as to his speaker, says the facts of the disgrace of Mark Fully, who is a Republican member of the House from a Florida District Tillie-Besand last week, constituted disgrace for every Republican member of Congress. Red Fae applies emerged in late 2004 for a five-perhaps even earlier, and suggestive and wholly inappropriate e-m-m-m-m-m-m-s ages to underage congressional pages. His ever-in-predatory and possibly criminal behavior was an open secret among the pages who were his prey. The evidence was strong enough long enough ago that the speaker should have relieved Mr. Fully of his committee responsibilities contingent on a full investigation to learn what it takes in place whether any laws have been violated, and what action up to including prosecution were warranted by the facts this never happened. Representative John Shimckus of Illinois, the Republican Chairman of the House Page Board, said he learned about the Fully e-mail messages in late 2005. Representative John Banner of Ohio, leader of the Republican majority, said he was informed of the e-mail messages earlier this year. On Friday, Mr. Hector disemble to put it terribly before conceiving that he too learned about the e-mail messages sometime earlier this year. Late yesterday afternoon, Hector insisted he learned the most frequent instances of change from 2003, only on Friday when it was reported by ABC News. This is irrelevant. The original e-mail messages were warning enough that a predator and, incredibly, the coach, Chairman of the House Committee on Missing and Exploded Children could be prowling the halls of Congress. The matter wasn't pursued aggressively, it was virtually pursued at all. Moreover, all available evidence suggests that the Republican leadership did not share anything related to this matter with any Democrat. Now, the scandal must unfold on the front pages of newspapers and on the television screens as transcript of Lude messages emerged in Douts are rightly raised about the fourth right this is the Republican stewards of the 199th Congress. Fourth right my ass. Some Democrats are attempting to make this a Republican scandal and they shouldn't. Democrats have contributed more than their share of characters in the toddler history of Congressional sexual scandals. Sexual predators come in all shapesizes and partisan hues and institutions within and without government. When predators are filed, they must be dealt with forcefully and swiftly. This time, the offenders are Republican and Republicans can't simply get ahead of the scandal by competing to make the most noise and call for a full investigation. The time for that is long passed. House Speaker Hester must do the only the right thing and resign as the speaker ship at once. Either he was grossly never to inform not taking the red flags fully into account ordering a script investigation for not even remembering the word of events leading up to last weeks of revelations or he deliberately looked the other way in hopes of that a brewing scandal would simply blow away. He gave fully answers Friday in the old and ever relevant questions of what did he know and when did he know it? Mr. Hester has, during his forefooted the confidence of the public and his party and he can't preside over the necessary coming investigation and investigation and must examine his own in it performance. A special one-day congressional session should elect a successor. We nominate representative Henry Hyde, also a little more. I wonder how that guy in Western Bluffield about that. The chairman of the House International Relations Committee who is approaching retirement insurers that he no longer has a dog in his fight. He is a long and principal career right and is respected on both sides of the aisle. Mr. Hyde would preside over the remaining three months of the 199th Congress and matter best suited for a full exhaustive investigation until a newspaper for 110th Congress is like in January who can assume responsibility for the investigation. That's the editorial from Sanyam Moon and the right-wing Washington Times. Step down Mr. Hester and let's dig Henry Hyde in there and play the little hide and seek with somebody else's wife. Yeah. Like that poor guy in Western. Hide the white. Hide the weenie. God. And then incredible. Since I'm 44 people on our myspace.com, that's not too bad. He's exhilarating. And I'll speak to that to bed. I'm going back to bed because we not only have a thousand votes on today's full already, we got over 1100. 11003. And boy did a lot of people read that story, Jax, that you put on your yesterday around 1030? Well, I told you they had to, they need to closure. I think. I would be confused. So it always sick of me to see that because I worry that parents out there are going to feel that they're, it's not safe to send their kids to the fades. Oh, right. 11003 votes on the days pool, which of these vests described Mark Fully? Penifiles for me 19. All I was in journey in 60 is not. But nevertheless, a hypocrite to 76. Pervert 123. Great Republican 112. But there's a little sarcasm in those votes or not. You think? Sposital. Crazy Fag 79, stupid 63, man, stupid, stupid, stupid idiotic jerk. Whose Mark Fully 54 people, 4.8% speaking to stupid and jerks? I mean, how could anybody, even, maybe they're all omitted, hoated there. Of course, how could they have a computer if they don't have a TV set? It'd be barley. Old troll 37. Mark Fully was a mario old troll. No column married 37. I voted that old troll. Four knee 14, desperate nine, careless nine. And I hate this pool only eight, 0.7%, but we haven't had a pool like that. With that little, I hate this pool in a long time. In a racoon's age, you know what? Indeed. It's very long time. In a Macaca age. What about the Santa de Macaca, which is taking all this? It was a matter of fact, I think he's in one of the stories later on. Well, we got a whole bunch of stuff. I got a big pile. We got over 100 votes already. And we'll try to figure out how many did girls there on that story. A horrible story and homage country there in Pennsylvania, but they keep changing the number on us. But what do you think that means? That they didn't know and they were opening up the mouth anyway. Well, I don't understand. I mean, it's fine. You sure? Yeah. Positive. Positive. Betchaus' life on was three. Yeah. Two, nine, six, two, nine, over days. Here it says, gunman kills six in rampage. Sorry, it was six, then it was three, then it was four, then it was six again. I was back to five. They just can't make up their mind. But they got a real good grip on it. That's what Marmos Folley said too. He had a good grip on it. Always writing all the emails. The biggest name. So the best time to know when this is the best time to be your rocker's fourth video, five, sixty. You, a, a, a, a, a. You're a, a, a, a. Hey, I'm Rachel Ray coming up next to the Rachel Ray show. I'll show you how to make a seven course meal in six of these steps, how to retail a bathroom. The best way to choose a moderately priced wine vacation to the adults. But we'll take a look at the hottest shoe style. Just discuss the situation in darks four. They get fantastic photo album. Check out the latest developments in fachelors plus re-a-pulter tips 101 ways for the folks to say, sorry. And I'll show you an easy way to win a winner as your garden. It helps it down with my special guests all for Winthream. And to a clone, he pictures quarter about Tom Brady who he's hunting. And the guests with CSI, each marriage, second Carlson, Mary Natlin and James Carvelle, cut these stars, Megan Rich and breakfast rich, riddle, rocker little Richard. And we'll have for the prayer reunion, Dan Rather, first lady Laura Bush with a special message on literacy. And after George Brothers will talk frankly about ADHD and adult type of activity disorders. Yeah, let's check in and we'll stop by with 37 free some mirror chats. It's on the next Rachel Ray show. In 18 to five, 60 WQM, let's see, it's the two days we got you on people all the way now. So we have the Humper back. And our school, let's greet was not in the situation room yesterday. I see a Bob Woodward on last night where you're good buddy. Honest to suspenders and cost me back. Oh, for he is just so pedantic. Yeah, he is. The secretary of state and the secretary of defense. Do you know anybody who speaks like that? Just him. Just him. The secretary. Anyway, just to give an idea of how difficult this to keep track of his armistory. Benjries. The devastating realization when she were able to begin to identify and have the parents realize what it has been. Anyway, here's two stories, both from the Toronto Star website. The earlier one, Gunman killed six in rampage and now the one that just came out, I'm a school tool rises to five. See what I mean? I mean, I understand it's hard to count that I've but nevertheless. Meanwhile, on Friday afternoon, the strategist for representative Mark Foley tried to cut a deal with ABC's Brian Ross. The correspondent who had dozens of instant messages that Foley sent a teenage house pages and asked to interview the Florida Republican, Foley's former chief of stance at the Congressman was quitting and that Ross could have the information exclusively if he agreed not to publish the raw sexually explicit messages. Oh, my God. I said, we're not making any deals Ross. We call him. He said the internet made this story possible because on Thursday he posted the story on his ABC webpage, the Blotter, after painting one milder email at Foley at Senate 16 year old page, asking for a picture. Then two hours form a page as an email Ross and provide the decilacious messages. The only question then was, says Ross, whether this could be authenticated and it was obviously and now we know what's going on. But we still don't know what happened in San Diego. A passive statement and instant message conversation with a teenage page might provide investigators with a damn piece of evidence of justing criminal behavior in the case of a Mark Foley according to Ross story. That instant message exchange from 2003 contains the following. Again, where'd you go this afternoon? Foley, I'm in Pensacola, how to catch a plane. Over the course of several pages of dialogue that conversation became extraordinarily graphic and included several direct references to master-basion techniques and frequency, discussion of the child's penis size and even the congressman's explicit interest in sexual contact with the boy. However, by acknowledging his Pensacola floor to location, Foley may have offered evidence of his violation of Florida State law which says, any person who knowingly utilizes a computer online service, internet service or local bulletin board service, to seduce, solicit law or enticed or attempt to seduce, solicit law or enticed a child, or another person believed by the person to be a child, commits a felony of the third degree. In the day since the extent of Foley's transgressions were made public question to a version about how much information, how some public leaders had about the Florida congressman's sexual proclivities. Critics on both the right and the left pointed out that ABC News was able to obtain the instant message conversational day after learning about the less explicit emails, how's leadership in all about those same emails since 2005? Among the harshest criticism David Vasi had that he conservative group Citizens United. He told the right when publication of him at events, Speaker Haster had knowledge of congressman Foley's inappropriate behavior and chose to protect a potential pedophile on powerful colleague over a congressional page, Mr. Haster, should resign immediately. He said, Other instant message conversations between Foley and unraged boys did not contain clear indication of the congressman's location, and ambiguity that make confused with laws of plight to him. Raw story will continue to search for evidence as we're about to the time of those online sessions. You know what I mean by, and that sessions? Yeah, those kind. Now this really, this just knocks my socks off and you know me at over a socks. Steven Elliott, who writes in the smirking chip, he says Mark Foley is just a victim who met Roger and the monster inside the Republican machine. That's a headline. And there's a picture of Mr. Roger that silly head on. Oh, hey Mr. Roger, you're fairie. Elliott writes, I got in trouble once for calling Matt Roger first class scumbag. At the time I thought maybe I'd gone too far, let my emotions get the better of me. I thought for you people would benefit of the doubt. But it turns out I hadn't gone too far. It turns out Matt Roger is a scumbag of the worst kind that kind of blames the victim of the sexual abuse. Matt Roger actually refers to the children who were prey to Pond by Mark Foley a 16 and 17-year old beasts. He also says that pages were talking about how many times they'd masturbate and how many times they'd been with their girlfriends this weekend, all those things in these innocent children. And this poor congressman sitting there typing, oh, am I going to get any, you know? This poor congressman. What we're seeing here, through the prism of the lone sexual predator is the monster inside the machine. First, you had the Republican congressional leadership so power-hungry, so desperate to hold a seat at any cost they cover Mark Foley's tracks for at least a year. The revelation of the cover up has followed almost immediately by the right-wing message machine, with Fox News's brighun comparing Foley to Bill Clinton and John Gibson trying to request a current scandal to previous House scandals more than 20 years ago. Bill O'Reilly tries to make Foley's actions just a byproduct of Foley's homosexuality. Matt Roger takes all of us to a deeper, darker place in perhaps its logical inclusion. Matt Roger, like the Republican leadership on the Fox News commentators, is so single-minded and addicted to power that he's wearing to blame the children themselves. This is how upside down and wretched their world has become. They blame the children for actions of the adults, and it's no different from the mindset that blames other countries for our fate to find weapons and mass destruction, a mindset that cannot ever accept responsibility. It's just more obvious. One has to believe that the right-wing media, falling all over themselves to protect their masters, will also suffer from the credibility they're squandering so recklessly. I have to believe that even the most dedicated did-oh have will hesitate to believe that it's the adults that need to be protected from the children. After all, Republican Congressman Mark Foley did try to actually meet with the youth after all what's law in order if we can't protect our children from those who would abuse them. And adults who want to look away while children are abused, and guilty of abuse themselves right-stevenally. Go ahead, the squad says that the kids with the victim, or whatever he said. Well, maybe he's experienced such victimization. Who knows what kind of circles he hangs with? Maybe Mark Foley are our type, maybe that's why he's coming to his rescue. I don't know. The circles, Kirk. You're fairery. Doug Thompson writes a long congressional history of protecting sexual predators. How do you like that? Doug Thompson, you go Dougie, which I think I'll do after the break. Why do I want to like, and do our daughter, or their cinnamon level, Doug Thompson, piece? You know, the savor of the Doug Thompson articles. Oh yeah. Take a time with it. Oh, pour some wine. Get a towel. Right, get out of the towel, right? Let's see, how many votes we got on here? Gonna have a lot. 1165 already. The skies, the limit today. I'm not even predicting. The skies are limited. We could do like a million. Do you think? Sure, especially that's a store still there. What's the story is that? You know, you can't even roll into transcripts of the hat room, Doug. That was on yesterday's website. We have only 871 people who read that. I think it wasn't even on there as of 1020 yesterday. And then we Josh stuck an honor about 1030. I think you hear about that. 24 hours later, I beg your pardon. Keep it up at the top. Is that right? At the top, that sounds like one of the email messages that was sent from Mark Foley. Keep it up. Let's see. Is that at the top? No, it's not at the top anymore. In fact, the one that I just read Mark Foley is just a victim. That's number two. But it's still on there, isn't it? Yes. We're in a well. Well, I have to search for it. Scroll down. Millions. We're going to hold them by the hand and spoon feed them stuff. In fact, George, Tommy and a reading some of that stuff yesterday. And I wouldn't be the least bit surprised you're going to be the spent before later under the contract. Aha. Speaking of that, we got to see the Mad Dog 2 to 4. Power our Hank in the Mad Dog together for to 5. No, you're on the cover today. No Jewish holidays. Humphreys solo 5 to 7. That is guilty. 7 to 10 o'clock tonight. Wow. Including the Panthers. Preseason Special from 8 to 9. And the answer is not in your Florida Panthers. No. Any K. 10 o'clock tonight. The 50's name. So, best of all. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. Throth Lex stress. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. The 50's name. When it's done, don't get in the way All in the end, there's a joke on its face How did it end? Who's here's my best? That's a-that-that-that-that You and my dad You and my dad Rufflets like to keep this white How about it, and you and dad We'll be all in trouble This was bad Yeah, and now it's time to get some Like if this is going to go We can get the victim It's like that Ooh, I love it here with a spitball head I'm breathable, but I'm not that scared I'm not that scared Ooh, I love it That's what we need to watch for all Once I look at the engine wall for a season Do these wall over the place That's what we need a little humor and bring him back alive Or not Maybe that's a whole full evening Maybe this is the October surprise that the Republicans weren't expecting I think it was a surprise Speaking of the past While we were at the Rakhiy K dimensions Here is the T1 concern商 for example United Base In July 2017 And the 14th Cimbat Championships with United Base I'm Girlian the charges connected to a crackdown. I'm Shia's in the town of New jail, launched in 1982. And it's going to be a lot more of the emails. I've actually just got to be a lot more of this week. It's got to be. I know I sure keep looking for him. Put him on the website and get 80 million hits. Well, we got a bunch of a line up with more than a thousand people reading that story. If we get a, eight 76 right now, Mark Foli, the message chance with congressional page from yesterday's website. 876. We put a story on there about something that's non-sexual, something important like, you know, the world is going to blow up in six weeks. We get like 200 people read it. Wait a minute. You said non-sexual and important. Oh, I'm sorry. Well, you know, since we had to take those pictures off our website, we don't have to be decrypt anymore because we don't want everybody to go to jail. Since we had to do that, it's, you got to put some on there. It's got like some good, the four letter words in it. So at least, though, it's sex in it. We could change the headlines to all those stories that you post. And that's true. And Conway David Dickson, thanks so much for your time today. So much for arguing about nothing. And let's see, oh, here's Doug Thompson, daughter. You interrupted me from reading like several minutes ago. A year ago, a speaker where the house denny has to knew the GOP had a problem in its mist rights Doug Thompson represented Mark Foli, a Florida popular Florida congressman who played a key role in the, Republican Party struggles to hold on a power in Congress with soliciting sex from young, American, congressional pages. We ought to play on it some by the birds, my back pages, anything? I looked for that yesterday, didn't have it. On my back pages, Foli's fondest for young boys was no secret in GOP circles. Like other members of Congress would known for versions in sort of sexual habits. Foli's dirty little secret finished second to political considerations. All they had to do is keep the scandal under wraps since the life of the next election. But Foli was caught sending erotic emails to underage boys in the congressional paid system. And the matter would come to life to represent the Rottenie Alexander Republican Louisiana. Sponsor of the page received the emails from the congressman. Hashtag met with representative Tom Reynolds in York for Republican who chairs the National Republican Congressional Committee Reynolds admitted this weekend that he and Hashtag had known about Foli's problems for months. Rodney Alexander brought to my attention the existence of the emails between Mark Foli and a former page Mr. Alexander's Reynolds admitted over the weekend. Despite the fact that I had not seen the emails in question, and Mr. Alexander told me the parents didn't want to matter for Sue, I told the speaker of the conversation Mr. Alexander had with me. Although Hashtag met with Foli and told him to cut out the emails and stay away from the pages, he did not notify the Capitol Hill police or any other law enforcement agency that Congress had a sexual predator in its ranks. Rodney directs the House of Exclimated to open investigation into Foli's behavior. He didn't even tell the congressional page board the oversight group charged with keeping safe the teenagers who come to watch the networking Congress. He tried his happens all too often to switch the matter under a political rug and hope that nothing would become public. Foli had to say it's promised to cut off the emails but instead it kept sending messages not only to the page in question but to others. Hashtag needed Foli because the loss of any Republican seat threatened to party fragile hold on Congress. He gambled here to keep the stand-alongent off to maintain GOP control of the House. Congress has a long and short history of protecting sexual predators and other wrongdoings in its midst. In the early 1980s, Republicans knew representative Dan Crain were public in the Illinois had a fondness for a young woman and tough circulated on Capitol Hill that he was betting a female page. Over on the Democratic side of the aisle represented jury studs Democrat and Massachusetts preferred boys in his party tried to suppress stories about his affair with the 17 year old male page. Both scandals sit to fan in 83 resulting in censure of both members on the floor of the House and reforms of the paid system to provide more security. Crain who cried and asked for forgiveness from the House colleagues lost his reelection bid in 84. Studds have ever refused to apologize and declared his homosexuality in a week before the House. He won re-election easily and served several more terms before retiring. Democrats controlled the House in 83 and 82 the Speaker of the House TIP O'Neill had received numerous complaints about studs behavior along with the request that the ethics committee investigated represented Barney Frank, whose boyfriend ran a gay prostitution ring out of the Congressman's Capitol Hill townhouse. O'Neill refused to act. A few years later, DC Vice-Coffzer, arrested Frank's boyfriend, and charged him with prostitution. House Republican leader Robert Michael also failed to act on complaints about Crain. It wasn t the first time he failed to act for moreings about members of his own party. In 1980, Michael ignored requested do something about Mississippi Republican John Henson, who admitted during his campaign that the year he had been caught exposing himself on the grounds of two Evo Jima Moore Memorial in Arlington, a popular gathering spot for Gaze on the prowl. In 1981, Capitol Hill Police got Henson performing oral sex on a male employee of the Library of Congress in the House office building bathroom, like Foley, Henson resigned in disgrace. Congressional leaders learned nothing from the scandals Michael related to the problems with the Ohio Congressman Buzz Lukens and dismissed the complaints into the Ohio Courts conducted at the Republican lawmaker on charges of sexual molesting a 15 year old vural. Capitol Hill Police also lost investigation charges that Lukens fondly female elevator operator to the Capitol. He resigned from office in 1990. On the set aside, Republican leaders for years ignored complaints about Senator Bob Packwood Republican of Oregon, complaints about his unwanted sexual advances to a women-vigate of surface in 82, but no action would be taken until several victims, tardivating for official action when public in 1992. Packwood finally resided in 95 after the Senate ethics committee finally opened a formal inquiry. So it s no surprise that the leaders of Congress still knew everything in their considerable power to protect their own from laws that govern the rest of America it s an nature of the beast called politics rights your buddy Doug Thompson. In other words, all the purverts all the time, but I think you are taking cover that. Right. So how many girls died in that horrible thing in Pennsylvania? By it. You sure you posited posited. I have a report for you. Yes. I have to break this in that Joe Girardi was fired and there will be a press conference at two o'clock that we will be carrying right here. All right. Oh, right. That he was fired, but I mean, all right. There will be a press conference. And it s a den with saying, I guess they know there s stuff of it that organization, you know, other than knowing their baseball, but they know when to put that on the air. Because we s certainly not going to end up with this show to put on some stupid Marlin press conference about something that we already knew a long time ago. Didn t we do that once before? Yeah. We did do that once before. When one set got named coach of the dolphins, there s our god canned one of those deals. By the way, how do you like the same an era so far? Oh, man. What an era. Maybe it was an era in the hiring him. So Joe Girardi gets thanked for the fantastic job. We did for making the Marlin season really exciting and getting a back in the contention for the wild card. And you're out your fire, but we knew that. We knew it was coming. Everybody knew that. Yes. So where is he going to go back to the cubs of the cubs? Oh, my. Are you serious? What I hear back to the scene of the crime. Remember those days when he was he was a platoon man with Damon Berryhill. He was left handed here. Barry Hill and the Girardi was the right handed officer. And then Zimmerwood Platoon. Do you remember those great days of the cubs also? Oh, yeah. Well, D'Rardi was a turret as a player, but oh, my cow. Neil Rogers is right. The cubs. Stop. Hey, man. 10. 21. Maybe Joe can turn them around and then get canned again. Pomp and a park racing in poker and he worked in Kansas to study a holding a think pink night for breast cancer awareness this Saturday, October 7. Come on and see local celebrities and lead the Laresta from Fox TV 7. Post harvest drivers, Bruce Ranger and Wally Hennessy. As a goal, Wally has a goal in a and all be competing in a bicycle race down the stretch followed by an auction. They're autographed by a basketball post Bruce Rangers driving colors and a golf outing with Hall of Fame or Wally Hennessy for a five dollar donation to American Kansas society. Patrons are eligible for free prize drives, including a three day two nine vacation for two with airfare to the Alica Precassino and Black Hawk Colorado and lots more admission in general parking of course. Like always you can get a free of pop at a park racing in poker. Post time 725 and a PM. The smoke free poker room is open noon till midnight every Wednesday Friday and Saturday. Don't forget all this activity coming up this Saturday October 7. Think Pink Night with a celebrity's only a pop at a park racing your poker. If you want more information on the pop at a park schedule call 954 972 2000 around the wicked web just check out pop at o park dot the biggest name of best challenges we will rock for sports radio 560. Hey, I'm not with the Panthers already. When the homeless are baseball is a big hit on me right now. I'm not sure. I'm gonna set myself on fire. The final chapter of the jackass cocaine. I'm BAM MARGERA and this is free style wood chip for diving. I'm 0 I can put your eyes on women on top of this base needle and instead of a parachute I got a backback full of cooking utensils to run a mile. I'm gonna guard the light of the shot this nuclear warhead to my back and wrestle mountain lion dead. This sounds perform by professional with some wood nut. We're turning which I've asked you on the floor. 1046 14 to 11 and 56. The voice of exciting news not only is Joe Derardi can just moments ago by the pan by the marlins but this is a long press release on the Panthers here is really something else. You know what it is we've got something else, long and pondered. Yeah it is. Surprised for some entertainment and the floor of Panthers and I'm saying that 560 WCM, the flagship station for the Panthers during the 2006-7-9HL season is once again the place to set your radio dial for complete coverage of the Panthers and everything hockey season by the way the official NHL season starts tomorrow night. The Panthers in WCM most of the most expansive radio priority you realize the Panthers play here next Monday October 9. You said about that you think guilty will be calling me up and offering you to take me to dinner to Ruth Chris or something like the night before. What are you going? That's what you're going. What to dinner? Yeah. Panthers in WCM most of the most expansive radio programming schedules in the NHL the amount of in-depth and diverse shoulder programming is second and then the NHL while the broadcast duo play by playman Steve Geldy Gold yelstein and Kelly Kammer, a color commentator, read the Rantris Sili S. Randy Mower is why the consider to be among the best in the sport. Oh man, holy Mac and all. Who the hell wrote this stuff? This is easily the most aggressive radio programming schedule in the history of the franchise. SSE chief operating officer Michael Yormark said WQM per continuous provider organization with a perfect vehicle from fans to stay connected to Florida Panthers hockey. That means we're going to have to do some more of those hockey shows. Oh boy, see I got a bigger part in it. I thought a boy. The side for broadcast in the games QM will provide in-depth coverage of Panthers hockey through its Panthers preview show. Panthers weekly, Panthers weekend and door setback in markets Panthers in sighter. Along with those shows QM personality such as Hank Goldberg will host the number of live or most before and after Panther home games from inside the bank Atlantic. That's good. Hank's going to be on top. I know he has a lot about the Panthers and about hockey. The Panthers season preview show will take place Tuesday, October 3rd. Well that's tonight 8 to 10 PM. SSE life schedule 8 to 9. Of course, the sure occurrence once again screwed up bad. Hosted by Panthers broadcast due of Steve Goldig, L.C. Florida is during. And, Sili asks, read the Riety Mower. The two Panthers broadcasts will preview the season taking a look at this year's team in the NHL. Every Thursday morning, and by the way you listed George, you came in a little bit late. You know, it was on with Kenny and Vodus morning. I give up. You give one guess. I get one guess? Yeah. Ira. Oh, win the bag. Yeah. Every Thursday morning at the Kenny and Voshov Show, I'm going to air the Panthers weekly show. GM and Head coach that obnoxious Frog Jack Martan will debut October 10th and if you're ever your other Tuesday morning at 9.15 AM, I'll Steve Gellley Gelsstein will debut October 5 and in every other Thursday morning between 9 and 10 AM, providing insight and the week that was in the week to come with Panthers hockey. Wow. I said, I want to give a pick and get one fan for each word in this press release man. We have a crowd. Two AMs, Jesse Agro and Goldstein have teamed up to those Panthers weekend edition. That's what sets the debut in November, including a week and review and it goes on. On Hammer and Hank Goldberg and various other Q and personnel is the host of number of live remotes from inside the bank. At the center before an after select Panthers home games. Panthers rounds table begin Q and broadcast coverage on opening night from 6 to 7 PM. As always, Q and missile move Panthers hockey. All 82 games can be heard live beginning with Jesse Agro and Panthers tonight 30 minutes prior to every game. And of course, Jolly Joe Bell, General Manager Q and says, we're very excited to start another year. Great coverage of the Florida Panthers throughout the years. We've built a great relationship with the Florida Panthers. We've got some great news shows like the new Panthers inside of the special, which provides fans with even more in-depth coverage of their hometown hockey club. We look forward to covering the Panthers all season long into the playoffs, he said. And into the playoffs. That's Joe Man, he got a sense of humor. Sure, I read the other day that one of those shows. I mean, one of the guys from the organization said, this is the strongest Panther team they have had in the history of the organization. And I talked to myself, yeah, right. Florida Marlon's manager, Joe Gerardie was fired today and moved ahead and expected after his riff with owner Jeffrey Loria, that boiled over in an on-field confrontation two months ago. That's bad. We'd like to job you to enjoy your heck of a guy, never stole a freight train. And there'll be a press conference today at 2 p.m., which will carry right here on QA and by the way, because we're into a baby. We're here with so deep we can't get out. Today at 2 in the interview room at Dolphin Stadium, and General Manager and vice-president Larry Byn, will have Beanstalk, who will hold a press conference this afternoon at 2. The cost conscious Marlon's wattage rarity out so badly, they were willing to let him go in two years left on a guarantee three year contract, that he signed October last year when he became a manager for the first time. At 41 he was the second youngest manager in Major League's after spending 15 years as a big league catcher. Atlanta third base coach, Freddie Gonzalez, is considered to be the front-writer to replace your earlier, at least somebody whose name ends in Z. Gonzalez was run up in the Marlon search year after Jack McKin resigned because he turned 100 years old. And it goes on but it would be put above and you're already strain relationship with Laurie and General Manager Larry Bynfest, by and face, that came public this summer. Laurie is subsequently declined to endorse the job you're already in this first year's manager, even though the Marlon's far exceeded expectations while playing 22 rookies with a meter 50 million dollar payroll. The rest of the replica of the game August 6 when Laurie would be rated numpar while sitting behind the plate. From the dugout you're already asked the owner to stop when this is said, Laurie and Angler left a scene confronted you already after the game during a 90-minute clubhouse meeting. Probably just kicked his ass verbally anyway. Laurie had declined to comment on the episode of responded published reports that he fired you already and changed his mind. And it goes on but it would be put above and Marlon's became the first team in history to climb above 500 from 20 games under. They also became the first team to have four rookies to win 10 games, pictures, and they said a record from most arm runs by rookies with 112. How do you like that? A lot of great accomplishments there when I put, you know, no money out there, no support and hey Joe, great job you're fired at it. How do you like that? How does that feel? Don't forget that press conference at Hootus F. Nun. So that means don't be playing no extraneous crap there like some long song like you've been doing lately. I know what that's all about. Yeah right. I see the cruise. You're going to be hit or spursing some of her big hits in between the, oh you got to maintain some kind of an audience. That's right. When you think of all, hey listen, I know it better than anybody. I mean, talking hockey and South Florida is like talking, Matsibals in the North Pole. It just, I mean, what's the point? Wait, steps it off the board. Got it ahead to hit and spree on two breaks. Pointed by the front of the net, the wider makes the shot on the path. Say there by the right cross. Yeah, let's play this game. I think the least actually one is game. One of their few exhibition I think they were like three and four. Whatever it had it was. Let's get the people ready for the hockey season, baby. We're talking hockey talk. Call up your buddy, Jeff River. Who get the rhyme or claim and don't share we on the floor. We'll have Doug McClan on there talking crap. What do you say? All right. Hey, you remember those days? I got Rimmer on speed dial though. I'm going to write that. Come on, come on, come on. Call 160 and votes on our poll today about Mark Foley. She's got some real problems. She checked it or we had. That was a good way to avoid going straight to jail. They're not collecting $2. I did not pass go with a pedophile rehab. He's not a pedophile. That's what a lawyer said. I thought I was the audience disagreed because we asked which best describes Mark Foley. Now retired and disgraced congressman pedophile. 3608 said that. That's no more or no. With a bullet. Pippercre 323. You know that he was responsible for the passage of the animals child protection act? I did not know that. I just mentioned that. Pippercre 323. Pervert 134. Great Republican 126. Crazy Fag 97 stupid 71. But that deserves a lot more hosts. Who's Mark Foley 59? 4.5% of the audience still after all of this have no idea who that is. Old troll 42. Even old king co was a mario. You know that. Even that king co. Horny 16. I hate this poll only 11. A 10% percent. That's like a number that have a cross-estreen. You can relate to that. You all point eight. Oh. I'll care less 11 and desperate 10. Desperate troll. Maybe he had the D.P. He was a desperate troll. I think so. Well, you know, this is like I said, the October surprise. Not the one that the Bush people had in mind. I don't think not the one Carl Rove had in mind. This is a real surprise. You know, a chocolate surprise. 1056 and 560 WCM. No, for you, we got the press conference. It too as the Marlon said, that's bad. Going to put that on the years so they can like an asset to doing an abran. Even Georgia grease. That's just unacceptable. And you say that's unacceptable. What? The firing of Georgia Rardie after the great job he did this season with no. Better than players practically would know money. Who? Like I said, it's your sports world. Maybe you better get willing. You better start wearing a John Stramptor work from now on. All right. I'll wear it on my head. Like the rest of the way. Anybody who hasn't seen that clip from SNL with Tom Brady in the John. That's tremendous. Express them and it goes over and grabs the grabs or boo. Well, I wonder could we need a grab or boo? Do you think? Oh, it's a record. To me, I only watched it 20 or 30. How would of the actress and question really minded? Now, she liked it. In fact, she said, oh, let's do this again. I think I screwed up and they said it's live. I didn't think we'd call this show. Yeah, but let's do it again anyway. That's right. And then when you show it up in his jackstrap. And I see here we go. What is stuff again. It's not good. This is not a day. Although I noticed he's like 29 years old or Brady. So, and of course, what's his name? James Franco is 28. Much too old from his fully no doubt. I wouldn't say that article I read before about the fact that they knew he had a predilection to voice. Right? Well, let me, I'll just, I'll expand on that. After the break, tough VR. It's kind of complicated. You'll have to explain it. Great. No, I'm serious. I mean, haven't I said this before? If you're like attracted to somebody like a 16, 17 year old voice, it grows. Why not find ones who are like a legal age. Another year or two older would be good. You know, I can't know. For, oh, I see. It's called Death Wish I guess. Yeah. Anyway, if your carpet's have a death wish, don't call dry content. But if you like to keep in clean and sanitary, do what I've been doing for over 21 years, my homes. Call the experts, man, because they'll make your carpet's looks just like he had brand new laid on the floor. You know, it's soft for a lot of people to go to go to the long periods of time without opening the windows, which breeds even more unhealthy conditions. The mold and schmutz gets down there deep in your carpets. More reason to have dry, concepts, drag things in your carpets on a regular basis. Your carpets last longer. They stay cleaner longer. Come out soft. The colors come out looking brighter. And your house smells lemon fresh too. It's a real is they say in China, Messiah. And dry concepts is even better. Plan to make frequent cleaning easy to fraction of the cost of regular cleaning. Our guarantee you'll never have a dirty carpet again if you call dry concepts. And don't forget to give you a guaranteed written price upfront before they start doing their unbeatable fabulous job. In Broward called dry concepts at 954-370-7778. That's 954-370-7778, or in Dayton Palm, Metsetsetool Free Call, 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Clean today and entertain tonight when you call dry concepts. The best challenge to this is the Your Roger S. For Shredial 560. This is the Neorodzershow. This is your brain. Any questions? Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh. Everybody built clean things by the scene. Look! My timbers must have red-mig. Ha! If I'm a little bit red-mig, I'm gonna be a little bit red-mig. Ha! What's the thing you're just away? And my face is turned red. You have better turn and run. Before I go outside your head, Fix time by our stains closed. We'll be with the blood from you nose. No one gets mad as me. Except for Hillary. Everybody built clean things by the scene. You best go into hiding. Clio! Cause my blood pressure's writhling. Cool! And soon you will be crying. Clio! Oh oh oh oh oh. Oh oh oh oh oh. Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh. Let's go see if I have 60 WCM. So that's my advice to you. Start checking ID. Okay. In other words, 19 or 20 is a sure is help beat 16 or 17. You follow what I'm saying? With a stick I've had. When it's out of oil, avoid you obey. By the way, look at our current. What'd you find? Oh, why don't we play? Here we go. Synthesite. And I didn't have anything. Oh, it's the birds in my back hand. There's a talk of man. This old fart, this old queen. Did a fissile troll. Anyway, Mike Whitney writes speaking of old trolls. His column in this working chimps today is called bugger gate. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Or is that bugger gate? And anyway, it's rare when a scandal hits Washington. It's actually enjoyable to follow. But Mark Foley's really put the punch back into politics. Who would have guessed that after six years of slaughtering and torturing people in their own countries, the American people could be so incensed about one rogue congressman bumping poison as off ours. It just shows what trivial people would become. Convours is a moral cesspool. It didn't take fully to prove that. It's the epicenter of American corruption. Very hard of the beast. If we had any sense we'd send in the fire trucks and hose out the whole place and then take a wrecking vault of the rotender. The system is so far gone and so polluted with corporate money. It's no longer salvageable. The spring and the dozer's and will start fresh. Foley is what commonly is called the canary in the coal mine. The metaphor suggests that the canary will die before a man when there's a lack of oxygen in the mindshaft, the same will apply to Washington. The sanction wielding torture of proving warmongering congress has stuck the air out of a once-grade institution left at an ascambles. By the time Bush's term is over, the only thing left will be to rubber stand they used to endorse his dictatorial powers and is scattering of crispy creams outside Haster's office. That explains a lot. The Foley scandal is a charade which leads nowhere. Everyone knows that Washington is a little bit of a vagus knocking shop where wealthy patrons taught down their money and get whatever they want. It's a one that we have to go through the whole drill over and over again like the reruns of survivor. Is there someone in America who didn't already know that the party of St. Dominion self-righteousness is really a cover for horny hypocrites who were on the take or that the only thing that Democrats are good for is fainting indigestion when the Republican crimes bubble of the surface. Or that the fourth estate has no role in informing the public, but is simply a sounding board for corporate sponsored propaganda or red-haaring for cheesy sex scandals and McObb murder investigations. There's nothing to learn here for anyone who's already been paying attention. Foley is just a tip of the iceberg. Congress is like a cracked sewer pipe from which the fated effluent of our political life continues to surge. We ought to buy every congressman a bus ticket back home and then board up to place for good and say good riddance. How do you like that? Good old McWitney. What does he say here? Bumping one road congressman, bumping boys in his off-hours. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe they want him on the right of bumper cars. I still want to know what it is that happened in San Diego that he remembered so fondly. One can only begin to imagine. I don't want to. Well, I wouldn't have nobody in those things. Anyway, I can't believe Jack Greenfield on CNN actually said something. That's the first. He says could Foley's foley's hurt to GOP. He says it's October. So surprise. The most politically explosive right in his Washington last week wasn't what's in Bob Woodward's pages. It was those alleged emails between Mark Foley and Lisa couple of congressional pages. And what the House Republican leadership did it didn't do last fall. If you want one clue about the political fall out from all this, you can look back more than 20 years ago. Then he goes on about Daniel Crain and Jerry Studts. And but it would be Crain was repentant, and carefully apologized to his wife and family and asked her forgiveness. As the rules require he stood in the world of the House to receive his censure and face his colleagues. By contrast, Studts was unrepentant. He said the relationship was legal and consensual. Talk about the difficulties of being a gay man in America. And when the House censured to meet turned his back on his colleagues as if to reject their censure. The next year Crain would have been an outspoken advocate of family values, with some made defeated by voters in his conservative district. Studts was reelected handily and served in the House more than a dozen years until his retirement. What's the relevance? Or consider the role of social conservatives like those who attend the recent family research council gathering in Washington. They filled the ranks in GOP turn out apparitions at election time. Some like the functions, James Dawson, a focus on the family, have already expressed disappointment in how Republicans have treated their priorities like gay marriage and abortion. As the earlier scandal showed, such conservatives are especially like they've punished sexual misbehavior, and it can if they conclude the top of Republican leaders didn't pursue such behavior when they learned of it. The political consequences, diminished enthusiasts and ignored turnout could be severe. These specifics of this issue are entangled and dispute, where the early reelected sexually explicit communications lead to the political agenda in mind, it's leadership see only the less explicit communications, but if the campaign season doesn't deal well with subtlety, if the story ends up convincing social conservatives that the Republican party has let them down, a lot of the calculations about what will have a November go right out to window. But an apiachane, huh? Sarktober, so surprised. Wow. Only for House Speaker Dennis Hasser to resign his leadership position. It's editorial board says that Republicans- Washington Times says time to step down fat, so and leave us the crispy creams please. And you know, there's the leader of the Congress leader of the House. He's eaten, he's not eaten, no dunk in donuts, Josh. He's eaten crispy creams. Oh, for me. Which is why he weighs about 600 pounds and it's just as big as a cow. Two more children died today in this morning of wounds from the shootings at the Amit School House, raising the natural to five girls, plus the government. Oh, I see, that's why it's six. Five girls, plus him. See that? Right. I don't know what it's like. He does. Apparently was spurred by two decades-old grudge. Do we know what the grudge is about yet? Oh, yeah. What are you eating? No, not donuts. No, no, no, no, no. Trail mix. Oh, God. I think there's a theory of the tonies. No. The talk of the country's third deadly school shooting in less than a week rose twice within a matter of hours two day with the debts of a nine-year-old girl at Christiane Hospital. The Bush administration are Monday called for a school violence summit to be held next week with education, law enforcement officials to discuss possible federal action and health communities prevent violence and deal with this aftermath. I think I know who ought to be in charge of that school summit to make sure that the kids are safe. So as he gets out of rehab, who does that? State police spokeswoman Leonard Quinn said the two girls who had early this morning were very severe injuries, but the other ones are coming along very well. Thanks, God. The nine-year-old girl, about one-a-a-a-a-a-70-year-old girl, about that about 430 this morning, her parents were with her hospital spokesman Amy Bueler Stranger said that the younger victim she was taken off life's support and passed away shortly after. Authorities said the gunman Charles Carl Roberts IV wrote what a 30s described as suicide notes took on his ammunition went to a nearby one room in schoolhouse where he opened a fire on several girls and took his own life. He chased all the boys on side and then tied the girls up. Is this why what we're seeing here? Then you won't tell him about that. He's in rehab. You're not going to see him. Oh, we live. Now he's in rehab. He's probably got his own private blackberry in there now too, unpressible. He's sending those incestuous instant messages. Roberts Roberts implies this is a very for lengthy siege including three guns, a stun gun, two knives, a pile of wood and a bag with 600 rounds of ammunition, 600 rounds, baby. You also had a change of clothing toilet paper. That's always good to have and paper bolts and hardware and rolls of clear tape. He released about 15 boys, a pregnant woman and three women would influence barbed the doors with this and wooden and secured them with nails bolts and flexible plastic ties. He then made the girls line up along a blackboard and tied their feet together. But we still don't know what the ideal was 20 years ago that he claims he was getting revenge for. Just a crazy person. Another crazy person, even the honors can be crazy. And of course, there are a lot of people who said for years that they are. So they're being a stone. He wasn't one. He was. And others? Yes. Where did you get that? So that's this morning on this and he was on this. What the hell would he be? I don't even need for crying out loud, huh? This was in Nichols, Nickel and Dime, Pennsylvania. Public roads. A lot of people are lying. That need to lie. He lived right by the school. You better start getting on top of your news stories, Mr. As you're out of touch. All right. I think your blood sugar is probably about 750, the S. Wee and all that crap. And you need one of these that comes there. It's going to go tilt. You'll see. That's fun to swoon. Holy. Very public and lawmakers spoke in exclusive interview with Ian and Sean Kaleb. Sean is just as now from one road the way he is. And Sean, good to see you again. Majority leader, Banner, is saying the speaker needed to do more. And my, I guess the, the congressman is standing in support of the speaker. Yeah, absolutely. I know crack and his support for speaker has to. We are spoke with him last night. No crack. Yeah. I'm going to be surprised at all. If there's more people to remember in there. You know, 1330 votes on our poll today. We could get like two million votes today. It will not call this fully stuff out of the newspapers off TV. It'll be on the front page of the Palm Beach post the Harold. The Harold, by the way, and Chris, we saw the yesterday. They had this stuff months and months ago about a year ago. Same P times, Harold. And Fox News also, by the way. We just mentioned that in passing. And Tom Feedler is on there with his, you know, this is the thing that crashed me up big time. Well, it was kind of vague and ambiguous. You know, when he asked the kid for his picture, I mean, talk about a little bit slow. This is the same guy who was stationed down Gary Harton down Rice years ago. And I think he just lost it. Not that he ever had it. Just a little bit slow. When a 52-year-old congressman is trolling for sex on the internet. And he's asking kid, please, oh, what are you doing? And send me a picture yourself. What does that tell you? She, I don't know. Any time an adult sends a 16-year-old or younger kid an email or an instant message saying, send me your picture. What does that say? They just want to add into their collection. That's right. Maybe they work for the DMV. That could be it. Most of the stories they used to just simply not fair. The young man has gotten called up and something that, and he's getting bruised for something that he's getting bruised. Okay, bruised in tattooed. That's what I think Mark had in mind. Hey, Mark, do you fair it? It helped me and we had for a long, long time when you think, if it boosted that, it's either always the boost, or the drugs that it done it. God, Almighty, when does that excuse? So I'm going to start wearing off, huh? 14 past 11, don't forget we got the man dog. We got the power hour, Hank 5 to 7, and then we got gulley. All that panther, so maybe I'll read that press release again. You know, the same. So the best challenge to the basis, we all brought your sports video 560, you A-M. We've lowered up panther's hockey, dropped, max, there's dogs. 50 seconds gone. What a nice, the four defenders, four defenders, six teams, let's get the false and bruised at the 50-blent extent of her. Go restar, sit to the PN with panther's preview, treatment by Cheneve LeXes, on schools where you'll find some teams. You A-M. For the fact, substation. Hello, I'm Barbara Billings, lead of the Florida Marlins. I just thought you might want to know we have a season ticket still on sale for 110 bucks. Why that's less than five cents for an exciting game of fish, bro? Here we are, buying you these, wouldn't you? We got some players with cool names of season, like these are Sanchez, Joe Pence, the Blau-Bad Panning, Ricky Bones, brother, Don Cornelius, and sister Rose, Ryan Dumpster, Don Nots, and Nelson Beat Albert. If you show off, well, I guess I will too. I got to get up. 11-18 at 5.60W, you can't get up for a two-clomp to 7-0. We have that big Marlins press conference. We have no idea what it's going to be about, except to ask they fired Joe Gerrari. And the Bremen and the New Managers, nameings and Zed. And you're right. Okay, you're going to rub it in. Go out, order, rubber band. Rose, Carl Roberts, 432, was not omish. He was a 5-3 from nearby Bart Township. It's not rubbing it in. Not omish. Yeah, just keeping it in. It's not pretty to be targeting the omish, apparently chose this tool because he was been on killing young girls. Is the way of acting out revenge for something that happened 20 years ago. We still don't have the ability. So all we know now is that he was not omish. Told you. I got to go up there as though when I heard the story read it. He threw up there. I wouldn't, wouldn't doubt it. Former US president Bill Clinton tried to hit a try to hit on Zimmy Moore for husband Ashton Kuchi Kuhas said, Kuchir, the star of hit MTV Show, Punktold, Chad host, Chad host. This is the insum本 thing. Right? Told Zay Leno that Clinton made eyes at a superstar wife during a recent function. Kuchir said that Kuchir Kuchir said that all the three were on a satin table nice to which other he thought like the invisible man. He says Clinton didn't say one word to him the whole evening as he was so engrossed with ghost actress Moore. Yeah. She ain't much, but she's bettered him. I bet he likes Dinti Moore too, no doubt. Probably. And my medical intent and musphity, we didn't talk. He was sitting on my wife Kuchir told me, no. Remember that renewing used to call him J. Lino. Right. We like to renew it though. Too bad he's not still around. The 28 year old butterfly effect actor celebrated his first winning anniversary with Moore 43 on Sunday, said Clinton completely ignored him as he chanted to Demy. I don't think he looked at me the whole time Kuchir said, I was like the guy who wasn't there. Well, he's just not your type of action right? Right. And the other way around. Maybe if he was a fat insert or maybe if he would have been few years younger, who had been still 16, like I told you that picture, that model, picture when he was a model. Right. He looked really good then. I bet you that he could have gotten, trip to Congress or to DC look off Lee Gurley. Taking his balls right in the halls of Congress. Anyway, can we get off of that for a second or two? I probably didn't have more than four or five. I don't have any more stories about that. Good. All right. I mean, what else is there to say? We said, just go to our website, read all the stuff, and, you know, and of course he's in rehab because I wish it boys that made him do it. Not the fact that he had some sexual attraction for these 16 year old boys. I mean, that was only a small part of it. He wasn't sure it was a small part. That's why I kept asking those questions. I've been asking around talking to people. Everybody I know when they get drunk, they get really gay and pedophilic. Well, no, I mean, we knew about the year. Everybody knew that. But that does mean that he was a pedophile. Like I said, better idea is to check an ID next time. Okay, Mark. Next time. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. Totally Report. When he says that I just, I don't know whether it's Criminal Statistics Just Listen to Re surprise. Again, When Herbobbleều Code talk this, the Secretary of State don't start to get sick pleasurer out of you popping that on. Pop in one of that read-a-business. Oh, I let. Let me go with MSNBC Cause she might have any other ... if any other breathless stories come on. They always get her for the breadthless storyline in appropriate emails to young pages. Oh no. Anyway, the account by Sean McCormick came out as after, his ringing that whatever sorts of earth planes. call the specific meeting July 10th, noting that she had met repeatedly with Mr. Ten of that some about terrorist threats, misrise the national security adviser at the time and of course the secretary of state said it was incomprehensible she ignored dare terrorist threats two months before the 9th level of attacks. In incomprehensible to us yes you bitch you slut you incompetent idiot. The Kramer calls to said record show that the 9th level of commission was informed about the meeting. A fact that former intelligence officials and members of the commission confirmed yesterday. When details of meeting words last week in a new book by Bob Woodward of the Washington Post, Bush administration officials questioned Mr. Woodward's reporting. Now after several days both current and former Bush administration officials have confirmed parts of Mr. Woodward's account. Officials now agreed that on July 10th to 2001, Tenant and his counter-terrorism deputy Jay Cofer Black were so alarmed about an appending al-Qaeda attack. They demanded an emergency meeting at the White House with a condom leaves at international security council staff according to two former intelligence officials this is in the New York Times, by the way. Tenant told those assembled at the White House about the growing body of intelligence at the CIA that they've collected pointing to an impending al-Qaeda attack. But both current and former officials took issue with Mr. Woodward's account that Tenant and his A's less-medium frustration, feeling as if misrice had ignored them. Tenant told members of the 9th level of commission about the July 10th meeting when they interviewed him early in 2004. But committee members said that former CIA director never indicated in the left of one house with the impression that he'd been ignored. Tenant never told us he was brushed off said Richard Benveniste, a democratic member of the commission, we certainly would have followed that up. A former said the records show that far from ignoring Mr. Tenant's warnings, condom leaves an accident on the intelligence and requested the Tenant make the same presentation to the forensic secretary, Fairmont Gering Roosevelt, and attorney general Ascroft. But Ascroft said by telephone yesterday last night that he never received a briefing that summer from Mr. Tenant. Frankly, I'm disappointed that I didn't get that kind of briefing. He said, I'm surprised he didn't think it was important enough to come by and tell me. So it's just like the Mark Holy stuff. Nobody told this one, nobody told that one. Everybody was in the dark. Like with Johnny. Everybody was in the dark. But we shouldn't have played one of those things in a long time. I think I did play one of the other day. We can't play that one. Tony John, we're going to play that. Johnny, I know. Absolutely. Cool. Anyway, this goes on. Mr. Tenant's not complaining work on a memoir that's scheduled to be published early next year. So in other words, he's not going to tell too much because we want to go out and buy the book. And anyway, he's incompetent and they just didn't give a crap about that. And of course, who the hell knows what other factors were involved there. They were in a panic and of course, the White House was saying, well, where are we? We got this in plans here. First go taxes. I never heard of a car heard of Chris Go. I'm actually Mark Holy's heard about that, too. But I've heard it never heard of Chris. Right. You. Hi, that guy who shot those girls. He was not on the. Okay. Well, I'm sorry. I'm still right around with guns number one. Although you are using fraud. They got some rifles. But they don't have that kind of gear. Like that guy had. They know or attracted drive up there. Yeah. So in other words, he wouldn't shut himself. He could have watched all about on TV afterwards. That's where he had to go out and find somewhere where they had a TV because they shouldn't have won on the school. No. Or anywhere, like in the hood. 26 after a load at five 60 W. K. W. Isn't it time to took the stress and worry out of last minute hurricane preparations? So many people, I guess it's just too minute. They wait till last minute when it's too late. When the hurricane is about five blocks from blowing your house away and then forget about it. The hurricane shut about led manufacturers easy to use a courty and shutters and not they'll even provide a sprint. Slation two if you want them to call nine five four two three seven seventy eighty three they feature rule downs. The courty and panels to this letter. Hercane shut about a test to make a ribbon install. Shutters for you call nine five four two three seven seventy eighty three right now. Get on your way to top nice protection in real peace of mind. The hurricane shut about led a stand-alone operated. They've been doing it a long time. Their lessons ensured and stayed barred in Palm Beach County approved. They stuck all sizes of clear public carbon and hurricane panels and liven panels cut to your specifications are ready for pick up or delivery and like I said, if you want, they'll install them for you too. The public and all contractors are welcome major credit cards accepted and if you mentioned my name tell them that old Neil the old troll sent you by the 100 bucks off on a minimum order of 350 square feet. Their hurricane shut about led call nine five four two three seven seventy eighty three are log under their website hurricane shut our outlet dot com. The feast name of this talons of this is you Rogers warped until September the largest English radio 5 вижу leaves We hate not necessarily any of the body in particular or for any particular reason but we just wait. We hate. Take the press conference for the Pennsylvania Pense of the Police about it. I'm assuming coming up at noon and we got the Marles press conference at two. First go Texas. Keep the art in smart and hard. Sydney McGee had posted on our website at Wilma Fisher Elementary School in this Monday to boom town that's got to get the farm fields north and Dallas. First go. But Miss McGee 51 a popular art teacher with 28 years in the classroom is out of a job. After leading her fifth grade classes last April through the Dallas Museum of Art, one of her students on Newt Art and the Museum and after the child's parent complained that teacher was suspended. Although the tour had been approved by the principal in the 89 students were accompanied by four other teachers and at least 12 parents and a museum dosent, Miss McGee said, what does a dosent? I'll look it up. The OCE&T. She was called to the principal next day and bashed. What the hell is a dosent? Sounds to me like it was in Dyson, not dosent. She later received a memorandum in which the principal Nancy Lawson wrote, during a study for the you plan for fifth graders, students were exposed to new statues, another new artwork representations, and said initial complaints which Miss McGee has challenged. What is dosent? I'm looking. No. The school board suspended her with pay September 22. And a newsletter emailed a parent's disc with the principal and Rick Reedie, superintendently first went to Penn and School District said that Miss McGee had been denied transferred to another school in the district that her annual contract would not be renewed. And then a replacement had been interviewed. In other words, by a buy, the episode is done thought and exasperated, many in and out of this mushrooming, extra, where nearly 2,000, so what is dosent? Still loaded. No. A college or university teacher or lecturer, a person who leads guided tours, especially the museum or gallery. A museum or gallery. I did two or a person. Okay. One of the state Texas teachers association which is Friday Miss McGee's defense calls if the first new to the museum case we've ever seen. If John asked, I would have been just there to cover it up with the Seminoz blankets, some of those sheets. Kurt would have called in that kid and he could have used his towel to cover up some of that banster. Teachers get in trouble for a variety of reasons, so the association is integral, council Kevin Longwitz, but I've never heard of a teacher getting in trouble for taking your kids on an approved tripleton art museum. John Lane directed the museum city at no information why Miss McGee had been visible. I think you've been walking to Dallas, Miss McGee and Martin see nothing that was caused concern. Mr. Lane said, I wonder if he's kind of lowest or Frankie. Over the past decade more than a half a million students are footing about a thousand of other fiscal schools have turned the museum's collection of 26,000 more spanning five thousand years he said without a single complaint. One school recently did cancel a schedule of visiting he said he didn't have its name. The upper has swam triscose school switch boards and prompted some dollar-serious TV stations to broadcast images of statues from the museum with areas of the anatomy blacked out. Miss Lawson, Mr. We need to return calls. A spokesman for the school district who heard questions of the school boards lawyer Randy Gibbs. Mr. Gibbs said there was a pair of two complaint relating the complaint of a child but said he didn't know the details. Probably so much of boobies. In the May 18th memorandum to Miss McGee, Miss Lawson followed her for not displaying enough student art and for wearing flip-flops to work. Miss McGee said she was wearing V.S. Figa, brand sandals. What's that? V.S. Figa? I'm sorry. You got me. Insighting the students' exposure to new art, Miss Lawson also said time wasn't used wisely for learning during the trip. Adding the parents and teachers had complained that Miss McGee should have toured the group by herself first. But Miss McGee said he didn't exactly that. Fiber McGee. In the latest of several statements, the district contended that the trip had been poorly planned, but Mr. Gibbs, the district's lawyer, now, is in the process of the process of the proof of it. Another big tempest in the Peepod, man. Now they're much of crazy people. Oh my God, they took a true museum and the kids saw a bunch of the boobies and big deal. Big Timis, maybe they were big. And now I could be it. How big? That's from our 40 once and how big is it? Not the boobies, I imagine. No, twobies. Since the beginning of the year, there have been 25 shootings at her near schools nationwide. Several other shootings, three in the last week, the long have been fatal. They're dying over there. With the exception of a 15 year old Wisconsin teenager, allegedly killed a hospital, a principal in school last Friday, the government in these recent attacks appeared at the beginning older. The killings began August 24th when a 27 year old man walked into an elementary school in Essex for a month, killed two teachers wounded to other people before training the gun on himself. Mr. Ratt's injuries, dammit. Last week, a 53 year old homeless man molested several girls before killing one girl in self and Bailey Colorado. And then yesterday that 32 year old nocturler, he wasn't the homage by the way. The nocturler, I've already done my school children up against the blackboard of their one room school house and shot five young girls before training gun on himself. Three died in the school house and now it's four and plus him. Five, plus him. Right. Experts say the shootings could be complicated to each other. Today's tragedy becomes the event that plans to seat for tomorrow's crisis and Ronald's demons of the National School Safety Center. The recent rash, your shootings evoke some painful images like those saying to relate to the 1990s, the state of school killings most memorably at column buying. Since the column buying, Massacre, some experts say the country hasn't done much to protect schools as some might think. The overwhelming majority of schools in the U.S. do not have security cameras or mental detectors. Fewer than half have security personnel on campus. Maybe they need a dosent. That doesn't matter. The problem is that we never thought it would happen here and it is when we have it can't happen in the here mentality. That's when we're most vulnerable. As a can Trump of the National School Safety and the Security Services. Between 1992 and 2002 and those 10 years, 462 people are including students and faculty were killed at schools across the U.S. I'm dying on the yes. That's only like 46.2 a year. Right? Yeah, that's a very nice night. Yeah, don't be knocking the U.S. Minesis because you've got a bunch of crazy people with guns. I've got a grievance, okay, or something to happen 20 years ago. So, you know, the logical thing isn't going to go to school and try to have a bunch of kids in shoot them. Right? That's good. And then blow my brains out. Why didn't you just blow his brains out first? We're going to get out of here. We've got to have a good idea. Got the kids out. 1383 and I had pool of baby. We're going to top 1500 today. They are marked fully in tension. In fact, let me take a look at those stats from yesterday. Let's see if they're still heavy duty all over that story like Stinkham, Joyce. They ought to be. 891 marked fully instant message chance with congressional page has had 891 readings since we've put around 10 30 years to any morning. For example, a typical story on any other day has how many readings like 30 or... Oh, no. I wouldn't say that. I mean, a good story. Get like a couple hundred. Really? Like, like, for example, the second one today yesterday had 589. We had three with over 500. That's pretty unusual. Yeah, it is. How marked fully represents the Red Human Fox News and 589. Things fall apart by Frank Rich and 581. Yeah, all about fully. How many of you have part? All those stories that you just mentioned about fully. Things fall apart wasn't I don't think. Okay. Bend over for more Republicans to can read a part. What's from your session? 390. Well, they saw Bend over. They must have thought it was marked more fully. I had almost 400 too. That's interesting. A typical story on air was to get, I don't know, 150, 200. Okay. And of course anything that's got to do with sex, gets like a million. That's right. Tell you. Change the headlines. If you want to get a lot more read down there in Joshua, just what I'll do is I'll just start putting a different headline on each other when I send something spicy and everything. Give me the bill man. I'll make up my own headline. Oh. Yeah. If anybody needs perverted in the sexual headlines, here's the guy I can probably have a good imagination. They spice it up a notch. Maybe I can tell. Yeah. What a bunch of preverts. Like I said, Mark, wait. Check out the start check and I need sweet heart to late. Oh, horse is the gun. Horses down the road. Yeah. I bet it was one of my choices from Pennsylvania. That was really something. See them buggy's there in the course. You know, guys with the big hast and ears, you know, with like able to take on a bad day. I know. Well, what's the use listen? Hey, if they're free, do I do that? If they believe, even they want to live that way. And they're going to go around running and harm anybody else. Exactly. I have no problems with the other. You know, they might be silly, but they're running their own business. And their piece of electorate. His course, Mr. was a Quaker. I mean, how many thousand people died because of that? He was a Quaker though. He was a peaceful man. And a liar. And a butcher and a murderer and a crook. But I'm not a best side for man. I'll hear again. I've read an email. Or which of the list to be fully screened, writing to a teenager's. My door will die. And this you lost since San Diego. The team says, yeah, can't wait till DC. Did you pick a night's for dinner? Not yet. I like the Friday. Okay. I'll plan for Friday then. Let me ask you about that. That implies that there's going to be a face to face encounter. And what's ironic about all of this? I'm also tired with their work. I want to say, we're going to something happening. And I'm talking about, I'd like to ask them with that. I'd like to ask them with that. I'd like to ask them with that. To use the internet to persuade, induce, or entice someone under 18 to engage in sexual activity. So with even breaking the laws that he himself helped. Right. Isn't that like the fuck guarding the chicken coop. The irony is staggering in the apocalypse. Are you talking to Susan? Why can't stand her? She's like, she's like NBA, SMBC's answer to Nancy Grace Susan Filing. She's under like every 10 seconds. That would be the ultimate irony. But the question remains, did he commit a crime and that in large part has been a Japan? I guess it all depends on when it went to there. Who was eaten one? When you say, yeah. 18, the lunatic you am experienced a difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pompano, Mercedes-Benz of Pompano is now under a new ownership and new management. And at Mercedes-Benz of Pompano, it doesn't matter what time it went to buy a vehicle. Whether it's the brand new 2007 E class, there are full lot of convertibles or there are large supplies and certified pre-owned cars. When you choose Mercedes-Benz of Pompano, you've got over 200 employees dedicated to providing incomparable service for you. Now, complimentary loader vehicles and complimentary car washes too. Grouse their indoor escrow with over 150 new and used vehicles or click on the BenzPompano.com. Mercedes-Benz of Pompano, they're open every day of the week, Monday through Friday, 9 to late, Saturday, 9 to 6 and every Sunday noon to 5. Experience the difference, call 1-800 new Benz, you'll find them at 995 in Copens Road. That's 1-800 new Benz for Mercedes-Benz of Pompano and Mercedes-Benz dinner like no other. The Benz of the best teleester of the business wheel, Roger! For 20-560, you A&M! You got out! Tell them you're a- Where the back is is! The Benz of Pompano, Mercedes-Benz of Pompano, Mercedes-Benz of Pompano, Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. They rocked on CBS now, bitter rock and the Civic arena. Waste! Supernova! Rock and roll, best known boys. They're featuring that one guy with a go-t from Matelikir. They're two with a sideburns. It took over for that other dude right before Guns and Rosy's broken. And they're drummers on that video. We're Pan-Manders in the on the boat. Thus, the new guy with one of the contest nobody watched on CBS. Rockstar, supernova! See them lie, performing all there needs. Like... Damn it! If you love the NXS2, with a new guy, what's his name? With a short hair, you won't want to miss the continent Benz of the Mollemia. Rockstar, supernova! So, we have another movie about the Halle-Eck-Eway. Fourteen hundred and some on-voes, fourteen eleven, fourteen sixteen, and we got sixty-five people say, who's Mark Foley? Four and a half percent. Like that. Hey there, Rizby, right? Boarder Fence Quizcull, environmental disaster, and common dreams.org. He says, environmental groups are concerned about that new planet. Build a 700-mile long fence along the Mexico border with Mexico. The official planet is envisaged in a legislative bill. Amagration reforms. It's meant to stop the flow of undocumented workers from Mexico. But scientists say it'll bring nothing but disaster for the biological diversity of the region. Disaster! The only living things that walls won't stop are people said, Michael Finkelstein, executive director at the Tuscan Arizona. I won't show it's supposed to be too somersed with an A. Okay, Santa Arizona based in a biological diversity in the statement. It says Tuscan idiots. Think of a scene and other independent experts here that the proposed stencil restrict the movement of wildlife and disturb the unique and fragility causing the region. The boarder areas, home to many endangered species, plants, birds and animal such as owls, parents, jaguars, wolves, bears and lions, and often eat and move around as an essential element of their survival. Quarity and experts on biological diversity. Some jaguars found there was only come from Mexico. I wonder what Lou Dobbs thinks about that? A lot's wrong. Santa and back. Similarly, Mexican gray wolves, peninsula, big horn sheep, and other endangered species. He's need to cross their borderline habitat offensive, fingers聽. And this while they'll cross their ability to survive. The 2000 mile long US Mexican border regions can sit in an extraordinary source of biological diversity because they're shaped by a variety of ecological forms of clothing deserts, mangrove forests, plains, mountains, river valleys, and wetlands. The Senate approved legislation on Friday. Now, wait so many of you, sign up for President Bush. A proposal seeks to construct a series of various separated by an access road for patrol vehicles. A long stretch into the border in California, Arizona, Texas and New Mexico. I wonder if that includes Tuscan. The immigration bill passed by the House doesn't provide funding for the fence, but Republicans is suggested we cost around $2 billion. Then we'll crash save with cost no less than $7 billion. But what's a few billion among friends, right? Right. Supportors of the fence plant save it in hands border protection from illegal immigrants crossing from Mexico and provide security against its possible use by terrorists by evil doors. We have to come to grips with the fact that our border patrol agency, the fence, and our southern border, we're now facing infiltrating members of terrorist organizations like Hezbollah said representatives of the head voice, California Republican. For their part, Democrats have charged Republicans with tried to use immigration issue to attract votes and the upcoming congressional elections. They're trying to confuse Americans in the thinking Oshshama is heading north in a sub-rare. So it's a Texas Democrat Lloyd Dogan. I wonder if he's akin to billdogan. Remember, hockey town parks one and two? Sure. Billdogan? No, you don't. You do? Mm-hmm. You got him? One moment please. There it is. Billdog is waiting. Well, in 1969. It all right, oh no. Why not? This is the one that I ripped, not from that easy collecting. That's part two, but the proposed legislation allows the Department of Homeland Security to take charge of the border in 18 months and gives additional power to the border security force agents. Besides calling for a study on the need for a fence along the US Canada border A, oh yeah. Let's have a big old fence. Anybody who don't like it will just take a mic to Niagara Falls and shove them over the age. How's that sound? Sounds good. In the world of American political campaign finance, senators solar reclitten is a maverick since their first run for the Senate in 2002. Hillary's raise more than $45 million from donors of figure never before a teen by a congressional candidate. This extraordinary fundraising by the junior senator from New York takes on greater import, given her widely speculated presidential hopes. No Senate candidate has ever raised more money from other people in Senator Clinton has said, Masty Rich, speaking to the campaign finance watchdog senator for responsive politics. But our county has never won a recipient of money from 27 different industries from a county to Hollywood. By the way, you did see that Mark Folley gave 100 grand to the other Republican to a bunch of other Republicans, does summer? I did not. And now the speculating that the main was kind of like hush money, but that's a speculation you understand. In donations accrued during the 2006 senatorial election cycle alone, Hillary has already tapped $35 million more than eight times the receipts of all her challengers combined of it. Despite continuing assistance from her campaign team that only focuses the Senate, a extensive pursuit of donors nationwide, along with her staggering success in wooing them, as solidified expectations of her presidential run in 2008. Oh my God. Any funds that are thrown from her senatorial campaign, which some recently estimated might exceed $10 million, could be used to see the presidential run. Even considering the prospect of a 2008 campaign for the White House Clinton's receipts are remarkable, according to Massey Ridge, no presidential aspirin is ever raised so much money this far in advanced elections. I like that. Maybe the Republicans are putting a lot of money in there too. They want soil or maybe. Oh, you got two chances, none in much less than none. I mean, it could be wrong about that. That's my, what about her winning or running? Right, winning. Yeah. Oh no, I think she's running. Oh. They think we want her running. Right to the bull. Right to the border before they build that fence. Oh, there's kind of leased it there on MSNBC. Given that and the August 6 presidential daily brief that we knew about that, she didn't know not. You know, she just had that one report that said, you know, very vaguely it's had a lot of some have been law and determined to strike in US. It was no subtle. It was too subtle to notice. Right. Almost a quarter of Britain's think AIDS can be spread by kissing sex mad brits are ignorant about the risk of AIDS. There's that. Britain is one of the most promiscuous nations in Europe and one of the least aware of AIDS of surveys suggests today. There's still yes, brits man. But I'd say about their constipated brains more than half Britain's fold did not use extra protection against HIV and 22% thought AIDS could be cut by kissing. The other where you kiss I'd say. Now I would think. As smart foldy, he'll tell you where. Where. Oh, and the Chris Matthews, I'm not a last night. They showed a clip on during last break. He said that those emails left a good trail. And Jason, could we use an expression a little bit less. Go on. Go on. A good trail. Health campaigner said the growing ignorance was the resolve of government fed it to promote awareness and poor sex education in Britain man. The queen does not have no one about hanky spanky like that. The family planning association said we do not have mandatory sex and relationship education in schools and what does get caught is taught as part of science. But it's just not good enough just to talk about biology. Young people need to be taught how to negotiate using a condom. How you negotiate it. The Euro parometer pole of 25,000 EU citizens aged over 15 also found that 40% of people took no precautions against AIDS during sex. According to the survey carried out last year, fewer people in the 50 member states said they practiced safe sex in the previous survey in 2002. It also showed half of them were poorly informed about the risk of HIV and AIDS. And with those in the attend new member countries the most confused. And a quarter of Britain said they were less likely to be from risk risk. The worst record after the Netherlands. Netherlands is the worst. I didn't like that. A bunch of perverts. Need a line. I don't think there's all stone all the time. It's just like the Mark Foley says man, it's even the booze of the drugs make you do it. Okay. Okay. No right? Absolutely. They got all in morostigas out there in the streets. Coke. It's the CV. I've got all of you going to buy a VIP. I've got all of you going to do something with it. The president, what you want to do? Four minutes till noon, a QM, don't forget to o'clock that mighty important Marlon's press conference. The feet of the police. The best tell us the faces. The real rock. The rock song which radio 560 is you A.M. This is Coach Dan Schueler. And I sound like Bob Holtbannass. And I want to tell you it's the 12th one hour whatever it is. When Bill or I lead Dylin, Shory is in square and pan. He'll tell you if you like your job. Then you'll give him a laugh then. And if you tell, Lord I lead, You're not looking to be this. Just to the fans right off your 30 moon. And for you an ex star, Shining all the backers there in balance. But not when he calls at night. He's looking for a lassie. Who likes it a little too? Who's the right? Welcome. When Bill or I lead, Shory is in so much spin zone. So when Bill or I lead Dylin, You best not pick up your phone. I think what Bill makes was probably if he may be spinning in the zone. And when Bill and I lead Dylin, You'd better not pick up your phone. And if Bill or I lead Dylin, You'd better not pick up your phone. And if Bill or I lead Dylin, You'd better not pick up your phone. And if Bill or I lead Dylin, You'd better not pick up your phone. And if Bill or I lead Dylin, You'd better not pick up your phone. And if Bill or I lead Dylin, You'd better not pick up your phone. And if Bill or I lead Dylin, You'd better not pick up your phone. But in theory, in Jeremy, Paul and the University of Arkansas, Cooperative Extension Service said, Rabies are a viral infection. Once established in the brain, The disease is normally fatal. I'm dying out of the hair. Rabies are often carried by scums, Rat coons, and bats. But I'd say about bats. I don't know what did you. They're like rats with wings, They're hard to throw their nasty. If you are pigeons, You'd better see what I got out of here. My little about me. But you have several many. I totally did that day. They're left the window open there. And the sliding glass door. Right? I bought him. I live in Room After the Show. And there was a pigeon in inside the living room. Yeah. What was the pigeon dropping? Stuff. Two. Anyway, getting back this very important information for audience, because I'm sure that there's plenty of Wisconsin Florida. If you see a skunk walking around during the middle of the day, and it doesn't seem to be afraid to you, Stay as far away as you can, That is not normal behavior. Just sit. That is right. If you see a skunk just kind of a lullaby gagging around. Rabie animals may appear to be either dumb or furious. He said, a dog or cat in the dumb stage of Rabie's might be less active than usual. It may have a drooping jaw and appear to be choking. It may sound excessively. The animal may also be fused food and eats sticks and rocks. Cats usually don't go through the furious stage while dogs do. All right. Here's Governor Rendell of Pennsylvania. In respect for the tremendous cost of this community of suffered in the state flags and the Harrisburg and throughout the whole house. A half man. I'm impressed until the finals. I want to also commend local responders for the part of that rate. And particularly the Pennsylvania State Police for their quick respond. There's wonderful responsibilities for the family that kids. Doing all what they could and for... Isn't that what we may want to know is what all of the off-road was behind this, which I was thinking of. They've been extremely extraordinary care of the families. It's been an extraordinary... And it's an enormous... And Michael Miller was a great representative of the government of Pennsylvania and the state police during the aftermath of all of this tragedy. Yeah. People have asked us what could be done. And it's a very complex question and random acts of violence are always very, very... He's going to tell us nothing. Okay. Let us know when somebody's going to say something. Okay. You people at MSNBC then I'll put it on the ear. Don't forget to be able to put something moving for a ton of the onion here to a clock we got that very, very big... Marlon's press conference for Larry and the Beanstalk. Now, is Jeff and Larry going to be involved in that too? You think Josh, you're just Larry and the Beanstalk? No, he won't show it to you, sir. Larry will not show us face. Well, I don't blame him. I mean, when should be embarrassed if he had a... We got him in a red Japanese party because of a personal conflict. Because you were a jackass like Jeff and Gloria. John. See, that's the one thing about star 40. I think when you get Wayne out of the equation, that things are going to improve. Well, guess what? Like with the Marlon's who went from Wayne to John Henry. Oh my god. Remember, him a little twerp from the day I came into work. I was... I must be crazy. I must be nuts. And then we went to from John Henry to Jeffrey, Gloria, and David Sampson and the Lila. We did it! We did it! That way, yeah. We won the World Series. Right. And like with the Panthers, we went to from Wayne to Alan Cohen. And his brother Marty Cohen. And who knows what evil that's going to bring. All the work here and that's going to be really great. That's what guilty. A lot of the great play by play guys in the NHL, according to the press release. And still he has read the Randy. So that's really making any difference with the owner. Risen South Florida says, you know, it's just the same old deal. And then of course, at the U.M., which you can't spell scumb without U.M., we got Larry Coco, we're just here in 100. And they couldn't win a fixed game against the old girls team. Well, I said it. It just wouldn't have been something if they were to lost that game. Sam Vajaj. But it was a losing man. They almost gave it. I know they did. They came with an ace. They came with an old curly hair, a losing that damn game, to a Houston, which Houston plays like TCU, TCU Girl School, and stuff like that, you know, down a rice. That's the kind of teams that they play. And it was right there in the OB to right there in the bull. And put a sterling crowd of 36,000 fuss announced for the really 36,000 there was that just now. Yeah, that's right. That's an important thing. That's like Florida. Not only is the management generally weak, but then they lie a lot about the attendance. Speaking of a lie, a lot like an election time. After Florida's hanging chatted the buckle in 2000, many states invested in what they thought would be an upgrade. Electronic voting machines, man. It's not that it would be going to be good machines. But already several states have experienced problems with electronic equipment, whether machine error, human error, combination of both. And many are not considering scrapping the new technology altogether. When it doubt tossed them out. In Maryland, where the recent primary election was marked by electronic voting problems, Governor Robert Urlick is calling for the return to old fashioned paper ballads, energy voters to vote absentee in the coming election. Paper ballads. The Mexico Governor Bill Richardson's stumping in Maryland earlier this week for Erlick's opponent back there, look on the issue. Richardson said his state already had returned to paper ballads and optical scan system and argued the whole country should follow. Of course, an emotional nominee. People are there. But third man. So, you know, it's not that difficult with paper ballads. That's what this still do it in Canada, man. Paper ballads. You make a big mark on a ballot and you vote. And that's it. And that is a counterday. They throw it in the air can, depending on who you voted for. Real touch away. Right. They fix a meal. It's not just computer glitches that have officials where either growing Core course of critics is charging that electronic voting is Honies susceptible to fraud. Oh my God. At a congressional hearing last Thursday, Edward Felton for Fester computer science and public affairs of Princeton demonstrated how easy it is to break into a Diabold voting machine, but they widely available type of key. Used for office furniture, juke boxes, and even hotel minibars. Felton's short lawmakers, how in the space of a minute, he could infect the machine with a virus skewing the voting results. The implications he weren't to be dramatic. Tempered with an old fashioned ballot box can affect a few hundred votes at most, but injecting a virus into a single computer as voting machine can potentially affect an entire election felt in the state of mind. Diabold is responded to Felton's criticism by saying the machine he used was out of date, and that normal security procedures used by election workers were prevent such tampering. And a statement the company said every voter in every local jurisdiction that uses an active vote to yes, could feel secure knowing their vote will count on election day. Do we believe them? Of course not. Still, skeptics are questioning how good the security procedures actually are. And many precincts, election workers can actually take the machines home with them. Oh yeah. I had read that before. It's hysterical. Right. I go to Woodbind and bring in the old one of the stock machines home with me. Little with it for a while. Maybe it leaves like a good trail. One of the biggest complaints made about electronic machines is that they have no paper trail to verify the votes, but upgrading machines to produce paper receipts is expensive. Georgia's Secretary of State recently estimated it would cost as much as seventy five million dollars to retrofit the state's nearly twenty five thousand machines mon. And the last Thursday, Cering Sex Fritz warned that paper records are necessarily trustworthy either. Keep coming in with the Ohio Association of County Election officials, full lawmakers that paper print outs used in a recent Ohio recount were often eligible or missing altogether. He argued that electrons have how to would improve overtime, comparing current machines to the Ford Model T. Still, the third of all precincts nationwide stated he used touch screen equipment for the first time in November. Some in Congress believe a better backup system is necessary. How about your mark fully was hoping for a backup system? Or back into a system. I'll let you know. Give us an info here. Well into the school. After we photographed everything into scene and we began to remove the contents of all the items that he had put in the school. We discovered a bag of nails, chains, small clamps, and two tubes of KYJL. Two. Oh no. One of our two by four pieces of wood had ten large eye hooks in the board. Space approximately ten inches apart. It's important to know that we had ten victims at that time that were in the school. Additional information we have on Robert's. There's no indication from the family or a co-worker that Robert was going to commit this crime. We did interview his brother and law, who's also a co-worker. He stated that basically Robert was stand-offish and would not interact as usual in the past couple of days, leading up to the weekend before the crime occurred. The interaction that Robert's had with his family, the weekend proceeding this past Monday to second, was very relaxed. Robert's wood normally worked from 6pm till 3am, which is basically the shift he worked leading up to the day and question. He would normally park his company's commercial tank or truck in the parking lot of nickel mine option during the week and on the weekend. He would park it and sorry, and on the weekend he would park it at his residence. So normally during the week he would park it at the nickel mine option. He would leave his personal vehicle in the parking lot while he went out and did his milk run. Yeah, okay, as to the statement, as to Robert's making statements about molesting family members. From the interviews by the Pennsylvania State Police, both sides of Robert's family were interviewed. His parents, his wife, they had no knowledge of any molestation by Robert's affecting any family member or anyone else. This was a complete surprise to them. I guess he just brought that key of the two tubes of KY. Cheer of believe a boot trail. I guess. When you think? I don't want to represent a virtual Democrat in Jersey's introduced to billetwood repair on electronic machines to produce a paper trail. In the Senate, Barbara Boxer, California's introduced to billetwood reimbursed precincts for providing provisional ballots, giving voters the afternoon to cancel vote on paper instead of on a machine mine. But with lawmakers rushing to leave Washington by the end of the week, Ex-Nown either measure before election day looks doubtful unlikely. Anything I've heard, we don't know. Yeah, they don't know much of anything. Except for the two tubes of KY Jones. But those that all about, I dare not speculate. Yeah. How 14 of QM? Let me tell you again, we've got that big big press conference at 2 o'clock. If I were you at start the Daisy chain right now, I'd get the telephone book out of white pages. I'd start calling everybody now from ArtVark to Zed. And a little bit more than we got the big Marlon press conference at 2 right here on QM. I wouldn't be surprised if the other guys have a two with you. I wouldn't be surprised. Who the hell wants to hear their crap? The biggest name so fast challenge to the racist wheel rocker. Oh, yes. 4-squidio 5-60. M. Roger. Marlon, a clue. Ramadina Jones. Oh. Marlon, a clue. Ramadina Jones. In our eyes, a crazy man named Amadina Jones. He wants new scuffers to prove that. Amadina Jones. Ramadina Jones. Ramadina Jones. Ramadina Jones. Ramadina Jones. His eyes are scary, his face is scary, his eyes are scary, his eyes are scary, his eyes are scary, his eyes are scary. Ramadina Jones. Ramadina Jones. Ramadina Jones. Ramadina Jones. Ramadina Jones. Okay, got some of the heavy do these stuff coming off. I'll grab it right now. Amy see will soon report who had knowledge of the Mark Foley Pates scandal and when they become aware of it according to raw story. Just grabbing his right now. Can I grab it? Do it. And then interview with the democracy now. Amy sees Maddie Sauer. He's sure it's an astarbling fact about his story. Ramadina Jones. Pages have according to Sauer, being able to produce instant message conversations going back as far as five years. Some of them are reportedly sexually explicit. The FBI sour claims will be interviewing Pages starting today. Sauer also indicated that ABC's next wave of reports on the Foley scandal will focus on who in Congress was aware of the situation how much they knew and when were they alerted. How you like that? What did they know and when did they know it? Right back to that old Nixon stuff again. Watergate crap. What did they know and when did they know it? Meanwhile, this sheriff's guy is going up, up, up, up, up. But neither his wife or any member of his family that we have spoken to has suspect told my female listed two minors twenty years ago. But again, this gives you a little bit of an insight into what? I guess that would be a good reason to go and shoot some little kids on. Sure, yeah. 14 evidence seven he was not omniscient by the way. George wants to make sure you understand that because George has got a great affection for the omniscient people. Yes, I do. 14 evidence seven eight. I mean, let's face it. Even the women have two little birds. What's not to like? Yeah. Which specialist grabs Mark Foley, pedophile, 429, hypocritory at over 86, pervert 154. Great Republican 147. Crazy 514 stupid 83. Who's Mark Foley? 66, 4.5%. They still long get it. Old troll 45. Horny 18, careless 13. I hate this full only 12 still a 0.8% and desperate 11 out of almost 1500 votes. Well, where are the votes? They're just pouring in. I've just been just come talk some more sexual fantasy there on our website. I know this story. Huh? See what I can do. Just put a few words of body parts in there. I'll use the P word to see where the A word. That dumb, whatever. A city plan to ban restaurants from selling meals, continuing unhealthy artificial fat in New York. It opened a new front in national fight over the state of America's food supply legal experts said. Remember I talked about that the other day? Right. No trans fats in New York. In recent years, states and a few cities interested in written kitchens of suspected toxins have become increasingly bold about man dating warning labels about potential handers, hazards like lead and candy, mercury and fish or pesticides in the vegetables. Some of those mentions a prompted fierce opposition for the food industry and members of Congress who said the states are receiving their authority. Experts said New York City would take the boldest step yet if it's for to help improve that proposal. The ban restaurants from preparing foods continue more than trace amounts of artificial trans fatty acids. Amounts Tuesday last week, the ban on trans fats with bar chefs had thousands of restaurants from using partially high-griginated vegetable oil and indisputably unhealthy ingredient. But one that's been in some types of shortening and frying well for decades, and we don't need to play a mom and low-shorting again. All of that. Sure ahead of its moments. Yeah. Shortening. Doctors don't like trans fat because of the havoc it reached with human cholesterol levels. And some studies have blamed for an epidemic of heart disease deaths, trans fats, baby. You're going to be gagging on it. It leaves a... ...gootrail or a cure your arteries. That's right. The Federal Regulation has been light and public health law experts said they were stunned that New York would ban a substance that FTA only began listing on food labels this year. But Lawrence Old Goston and Associate Dean of Georgetown Law School and Director of the Center for Law and Public Health called the City's actions of breathtaking breathtaking. Almost as breathtaking as that exchange of emails for Mark Foley probably put him over the edge. It's the propriet of breathtaking. No. I didn't. When I decided to like Bill Arriving to me, he said it's sure to prank a lawman. It's sure to prank a law suit challenging the city's authority to enact such a measure. Big thanks to the companies that use artificial trans fats to prepare a French fries, muffins and donuts. It might also sue over to potential impact of the rules on your inner state commerce. Certainly if there's a local deli in New York that's regulated by the local health department, it is clearly for the city to decide what a state from what isn't gotten said. But if you're talking about large chains like McDonald's or Burger King, then there are powerful questions of federalism at stake. On the other hand, he had a high-ever when the federal government refuses to act on a request to act on the face of a major health crisis. And sometimes he needs cities and states to step into the vacuum and protect the public. And this might be one of those cases. And then again, Anthony and Billy O'A professor of health care, a health care law at Tulane, who also teaches at Tulane Medical School, said public health agencies have a well-established right to ban evidence that are inherently dangerous, like spoiled food or lead in paint. But the limits of a city's authority when it comes to something like trans fats are less clear, he said. You get to something here that is not a bacteria, it's not a virus, it's not an immediate danger. One meal containing a trans fat is not the end of your per se, he said, if you have the authority to ban that, you have to assume you have the authority to ban all sorts of things that in small amounts can be can't be harmful, but in large amounts could be. Like, you know, even the paint off the wall, stuff like that. Right. The commissioner in the U.S. Department of Health and Mental Hygiene Thomas Fredan said, he is confident to ban with throughout any legal challenge. These Supreme Court is held that health departments have the authority to prohibit the cell affords that are impure, unfit for use or which spread disease, maybe if they leave a gootrail. And for instance, there's ample evidence indicating that artificial trans fats cause heart disease. The substance invented as a substitute for natural animal fats like butter or lard has more in common with cancer causing agents feed and said that, Without the food substance that can be unhealthy of consumed and gluttonous amounts are saturated fats or salt. If these were cancer deaths, people would react very differently if feed and said. Members of the public may weigh in on the proposed ban over the next few months, it's not expected to come before they knew or afford to help for a vote until at least December. No trans fats, maybe quit eating those fatty fries I've been totally after years, but you know what you're going to die one of these. I know. Suspect said he molested miners in Vimitive doing it again. Some point he lined everybody up he separated them by gender and not too long after that he allowed the males to leave in the other people that we spoke about. So now he was just down to the 10 female students. And he had already started apparently from what we were gathering to bind their legs together and to put them up by the chalkboard. For an opium out with NBC news, you talk about him leaving his milk truck at the auction house. Was the pickup truck there at the auction house and he just got from the milk truck to the auction house and then drove to the school? Well, no, because he went home from he would eat his car. I think what we all want to know is that he finished delivering the milk, right? Yeah, it might be spurred. Intent the most important to ensure those people. I mean the idea of somebody driving a milk truck, of course this is an homage to them. Come, if you keep that in mind. Oh, it's a different kind of milk truck, you know. What do you mean by that? I've become the delivers of the grocery store, the 7-11, etc. Oh, I see. I thought maybe there's like the old milk man. I used to come behind. I won't see them no more. The milk man, the ice man, come us. Yeah, that's stuff. And of course, when the milk man would leave you, I was leaving a good trail. 14 and 95 oats on the pole man. The sky is the limit today. They're whipped up into a frenzy about pormus following. The prettiest name. So best talent to be a system wheel, Roger. You're supposed to have a horse, ready to have five, 60, you a m. And a lolly pop little boy? It's today's full batches. It's retro, promise. Retro, promise. Oh, yeah. I have to miss you. Retro, promise. I can't wait to get into your system. Retro, promise. Retro, promise. It's here. The apartment. Oh, he's that in oxygen in your later house. And we're just happy to see him. Retro, promise. Comforty two, I don't think I ever played any before. I just found that by oxygen. I don't think I've ever heard it before. Well, how do you like that? Not that it's a big deal. Or like some, you know, a great bid. But nevertheless, when you consider how few we can still play. About 30 minutes. 1500 and 500 son of a pole today. What is pretty heavy duty? Wait till you're this story. For Murphy's bro Tennessee, it figures. A pair of prejudiced man in Rutherford County was allegedly roughed up. Through the night. By police that thought they were dealing with an uncooperative drunk driver. The misunderstanding happened when police removed the Harvey Watson. The Harvey Watson from his vehicle. And thought that he was resisting arrest when they'd read him across the road. Watson is diabetic and a purplicated other than that. Watson's wife Lee and Watson called man 11 earlier. Notify police had something gone wrong with her husband. She said she gave the dispatch of description of the vehicle in his approximate location. Soon after Lee and Watson called man 11, Chad Rutland's driver of the vehicle following Watson. Said he called man 11 report a possible drunk driver. He was going from one main to the other lady was going up hills on the wrong side. He was coming off in the ditch and coming back on. A russ of a county sheriff department said report shows that officers tried to stop Harvey Watson's vehicle. But for medical reasons unknown to police at the time, he was a story of it. Maybe his blood sugar was like 800. When they told me that said the vehicle, I stuck both arms out the window and told him I cannot exit Harvey Watson said. When you take a man out even if he's drunk, his legs are going to try to hold his weight. He didn't hold anything Lee and Watson said. Harvey Watson said it wasn't until officers had dragged him by his knees, Reft him up in handcuffed him, the things became clearer for them. Lee and Watson said the handicapped license plate is hand controls for the vehicle. And the wheelchair should have given a little clue. Yeah, should have proved them in. And along with several calls to 9 11, she made before the stop. They should have thought, hey, we have a medical situation here Lee and said. Based on the incident report, a spokesman with the sheriff reports that officers followed procedure. The statement issued by Dan Goodman of the Ruttever County Sheriff's department said, the original complaints who witnessed the entire event had given statements indicating her officers did nothing wrong. Harvey Watson disagreed. It shouldn't have happened. He said, and of course, the Watson's are being advised by an attorney. Wouldn't you know it? Yeah. The what he being done for them and the one family lost two children here. Right. I'll let anyone speak to them. I'll let me that major court speak to you. Let me your court speak to him. We'll listen to some else. Big press conference in two o'clock. George you're already fired by the Marlons in case anybody really cares about that. Any interest? No. I know George of interest in this next story. It's about your least favorite business. Walmart. The nation lies a fetish to a rift in an ass again. Oh boy. Taking time out from its non-stop coverage of the early admission policies of a few elite colleges. Could this newspaper appeal to even tiny or more rarefied demographic? The New York Times ran a good front page story this morning on Walmart's new plan, as a new year the internal memo to implement paycaps and increase the percentage of part-time employees in its workforce. Obviously some of the company didn't feel the workers very split enough. The paper also reported something I've been hearing from Walmart workers for a long time. Scheduling is essentially at the whim of managers, especially impossible for workers who have children, but hard on all workers struggling to plan their lives and their budgets given that they might work 20 hours one week and eight the next. It's important that the affluent urban consumers that Walmart so badly needs not be seduced by the retailers' new offerings, 400 tread count sheets, organic food, and it's new best for an image, but keep the pressure on the company to improve work conditions by continuing to shop elsewhere in the protest wellmarks ever in system expansion. The company is being said is betting that it's new target the Starbucks customer doesn't mean to care about workers' rights but will go starry on it at the first nearly the signs of corporate responsibility. They're going after the Starbucks customer whatever that is. Who is the, is that like a suit of intellectual? I don't know, I like Starbucks. Like I said, it's coffee. Yeah. Yeah, but it's coffee like a designer coffee man. That's just coffee. They got sugar-free, mocha latte frappuccinos. Actually, there's a Starbucks in Eden Center. I was there if you told me that I would agree with you. With a great end. And the problem being that he would my glasses, I couldn't read the, I couldn't read the menu. They'll read it to you old man. No, I'm serious. My eyesight's great, but I'm just the, the print is so teeny tiny up there on that thing you know, just that's great sugar free frappuccino. Yeah. Sugar free crappuccino, does it really make you a gooey, char, a trail? No, actually gooey. If you got, if it's got coffee and it believed me, it'll even go trail for me. But people that hang out in Starbucks are the suits. Uh-huh. People hang out there? Yeah, it's like a hangout. Oh. That's more to your crowd. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. It's what I'm trying to tell you. Okay, that's a hot spot. Go to the coffee shop. Right. Cliffs is on the facts. Just so I'd let you know, I've heard this state of Florida called every name in the book to last night, one of the trade, a talking hedgehogs referred to it as the Redneck River era. Yeah, that's not bad. Okay, thanks, sir. I've heard that before. Don't stay away too long, President, unless you want to. The Redneck River era. Redneck heaven. Uh-oh, maybe ownership issues we turn to the spotlight with the FCC, you know, the unshCC, which is why we can't say crap anymore. The FCC kicks off the first as six plant public hearings today, the discuss the number of broadcast ownership rules, including whether a single company should be able to own both a newspaper and a TV station and the same market. The hearing takes place in LA, a city where the tripping company owns both the LA times and channel 5KTLA TV. Tripping is hoping the FCC will eliminate the ban, but just in case, as the agency for a waiver, so okay, we knew it's broadcast license and we tend to own ownership of both properties. The station license expired as December 1. I wonder what our license expired. Ha ha ha ha ha. The last time the agency we visited the ownership rules was in 2003 when it voted three to two to raise the National audience cat for TV station owners. Lesson restrictions and how many radio and TV stations accompany my own in the same market and allow for cross ownership of newspapers and broadcast stations in some instances. That decision sparked a popular, revoked congressional action and a federal appeals court decision that resulted in most of the rules being sent back to the agency for reconsideration. Look at it again and this time get a right. You idiots. You, uh, to ferry. The media ownership issue has now reached the same level of interest. As it did in 2003 when the FCC was be seeded with complaints for media consolidation frozen both are right and left. This time around the marquee issue, the National Broadcast audience cat is off the table. After the FCC voted in 2003 to expand the number of American households to a single TV broadcast company could reach from 35 to 45 percent. Congress intervened, setting limit of 39 percent. The same percentage view with the nation's two largest TV broadcasts, news corp and CBS corp reached at the time. This is one more person than 39 percent. We're going to knock him off the ear. Two days meeting, today's meeting will consist of seven hours of common and public participation and be conducted in Los Angeles and El Segundo. Several witnesses have been divided including members of the entertainment and TV industries. Former FCC chairman, the Uxious Michael Powell, was criticized for conducting only one public hearing three years ago before the commission voted on the media ownership rules. Current FCC chairman, the almost as Uxious Kevin Martin, has taken different approach promising six meetings and all with future sites to be announced. I wonder how Don Martin's doing in Mad magazine. I think he's dead in the. I don't know. I've seen him in all his head. Now what was that cartoon used to draw? Uh, something or no other thing? Something we just called it Don Martin. No, you're going to talk about Spire no spy. Spivers is spy. Is that what it was? But that wasn't. What? Who wasn't? Some other game. Who knew that to look that up? Martin short. Yeah, he was. He's Canadian two by the way, I'm embarrassed to say nothing's perfect. You're girlfriend of Pan Anderson. She's been martin short Canadian. Yeah. Who's somebody else we can't stand and Marie Canadian. Mm-hmm. And who's that other songstress? Ocelene dee. Ocelene dee. Oh my god. Sorry. I apologize for fucing about Brian Adams. Yeah. And another can. They Brian. You're fair. Fifteen hundred and twenty four votes on the poll. I think we got sixteen elective. Yes, man. The thing is the art was so nice. The challenge for the business wheel rotors for 20560. You a. M. Slick up. The new TMM promo. The expert x-ray. The TV TV TV just going lower. TV TV. Wow. TV TV. Oh yeah. No. Nice. TV. TV. The M.T.A. They're all well-fledged. You're every Tuesday. TV. You like that, Carried Dog? Uh. Oh, oh. Don't you dare. He needs you. Oh boy. That must be big bird. The lettering of how the roll is painted. He needs you. He needs you. He has a trade-almo. A bail-almo. The back room behind the curtains. Oh, that choice. Don't hear you. About forty five at five sixty-one. If you have a Turkish plane. This is from Brandease Italy. Or. Never been there. I don't even know what that is. A Turkish plane carrying on with thirteen people was hijacked today by two Turks. For testing for Benedict's upcoming visit to Turkey, landed safely in Italy and Brandease According to a Turkish national airline official. The official said that to indicate that they were ready to serve surrounded to authorities. The plane departed Tarrana Al-Bania and was headed to West Estand-Belle Turkey when they Height. What did I say? When the hijackers announced their intentions over Greek airspace, the spokesman said on Turkish TV. Most sure must have Turkish tampy. Although it will pull your teeth and your feelings out. Not necessarily in that order. The plane sat out in the SOS and Greek defense ministry planes escorted to the aircraft out of Greek airspace. Greek officials alerted their Italian counterparts. The plane carrying hundred and seven passengers in six crew, landed at a military or fort in Brandease on the hill at least boot. The airline spokesman said that two men come and do the plane to protest, Pope Benedict's upcoming visit to Turkey. And because they were angry over the Pope's recent comments, quoting a 14-century scholar about Islam. And the ten and a four-seven, sixteen, five or ten intercepted the Turkish Boeing 737. Force in Brandease and a four-sephacial fold-warders. Any other津 passengers and crews are under no threat, they be saying. Thanks God. Now, here's a little bit more. A lot of them listed this whole press conference. Not using the eyeball system but restrained in that their legs were restrained. So we're tied together somewhere tied just a moment ago. Yeah. And of course, how come we had the more than one cube of KYJL in there? He must have had some planes. Maybe there were small tubes. Schoolhouse-killer Charles Carl Roberts for a steady molested minor family members 20 years ago. And was dreaming about molesting again, police said today. The assault to the Kail of Valeseen. Man, I'm just making sure we got it. They saw Monday, Kail five girls wounded six others before Robert killed himself. Police are still trying to determine the motive behind the attack. It's pretty clear to us based on the actions that he took that he intended to go into high school since Pennsylvania State Police came into a different Miller. Now, we believe this had nothing to do with the homage, but it had to do with his victims age range, which is young female students age 6 to 13. And we believe he did not intend to come out alive. Well, you know, good intentions. Robert's also said he was mad at God for the death of his premature baby at least 4 9 years ago. He was mad. He's angry. Was. Miller said Robert's called his wife Monday morning said, I'm not coming home. The police are here. Then Miller said Robert stated, I'm a molested some minor family members. Family members, there were three or four years old 20 years ago. And he mentioned in the suicide. Notice having dreams of molesting again. Police said, KY Jelly Lubrican was found in the schoolhouse where the assault occurred, but there's no evidence that the victims were sexually assaulted in any way. Notice that both sides of our family were interviewed including his parents and his wife. They said, they had no knowledge of any molestation. My rabbits affecting any family member anybody else. Coer, who said he had stopped chatting and joking in recent days. He was a cellan. The commercial milk truck driver lived in nearby Bart Pencil, who had his wife and three kids. Commercial milk truck driver. What does that mean? Like I said, he delivered milk to stores and stuff from like their 7-11. It's pretty much the same. It's exactly. What kind of stores have they got there in our country? I guess they got to walk to the store right and take the horse and buggy. I bet you they have a farm stores. Wouldn't surprise me even a little bit. Similar could have spurred him on. It's very possible. But I truly believe based on what we know that this was a very deeply disturbed individual. But he wasn't disturbed in the sense that people could pick up on that at the surface. He was very deeply troubled underneath. And I think it was just a matter of time before he did something, given what he was dealing with at that time. He was undetectably disturbed. How's that? Settle. Same-sex couples in Rhode Island, eager to take advantage of a suffer superior court judge is ruling last week. Father's their state does not prohibit gay marriage. Begin making plans this last week and the marriage in Massachusetts. The ruling was the first to allow same-sex couples from outside Massachusetts to marry since these Supreme Court. They Supreme Judicial Courts 2003 ruling that legalized gay marriages in Massachusetts. In March the STAC rule the state could use in 1913 law to stop out-of-state couples from marrying here if the marriage was forbidden in their home state. In Rhode Island where the law refers to a bride and groom, but doesn't explicitly prohibit gay marriage. Same-sex couples said yesterday, hope to marry soon before the state's general assembly has got a chance to change the law when a meets a gay and gay married. As we all know anything can happen and it's fair to say they were paranoid, so due to McNeil 50, a sociologist from Providence who started making plans to bury her partner 13 years. We're hoping there won't be any more obstacles but we feel urgency because we can't know for sure. He said. But the gay and lesbian advocates and defenders in Boston have advised same-sex couples to allow some time for a city and town curse to implement the judges ruling. Since May of 2004, when the state first began to allow a gay marriage about any 500 same-sex couples of married according to the group. Folks should call the curse office to make sure they're ready for a start to start issuing licenses said, Car waste of cutting hands, folks from the group. There was an any legal reason a couple from Rhode Island can't just come up here and get married. It may just be administrative hold-ups. It's a hold-up. But opponents of same-sex marriage including the DICs of Providence are hoping they really will spur Rhode Island to pass a lot of finding marriages unique in a man and a woman. This ruling is created a legal efficiency to the Reverend Bernard Healy, director of the DIC's official office of government liaison. This is a wake-up call. We need to be more vigilant in promoting and protecting traditional marriage. Maybe this will help some people sitting on the fence. Oh, sitting on the fence. I sure hope they don't break them. Get that injured. And that'd be bad. Yeah, wait. The arts dice. He's what they know about gay. Marriage or stuff like that. All those activities. I'm sure nothing about the first one. About the first thing you said. Okay. 1550, baby, on your AM dial, 1550 votes. Tortured Canadian wins battle for truth. Four years after he was detained as a suspected terrorist, Meyer Arar's name is finally been cleared. This is in the Guardian UK. Remember him? Well, four years ago, Canadian Meyer Arar was detained on a routine airport stop over in the US. He ended up in Syria where he was imprisoned in torture for ten months. You know, remember this? I just talked about him a few days ago. I did. When he was released by the Syrian to return to Canada, he started asking how he had been targeted as an Islamic terrorist. His search for answers has made him in way national celebrity, is likely to win with an apology from the Prime Minister himself. Late last month, the public inquiry cleared him of any connection to terrorism and criticized the RCMP. They were all Canadian mounted polis for a fitting American officials misleading information about him. Last week, RCMP Commissioner Juliano Zachardelli finally offered Mr. Ararar, I follow apology. I wish to take the opportunity to express publicly to you and your wife and your children. I'm truly sorry I am for whatever part of the actions of the RCMP. They have contributed to the terrible injustices you experienced and the pain that you and your family endured. Justice Dennis O'Connor, or he could share a tap dance pretty good, who led the public inquiry found that the police had passed fall the intelligence reports to US authorities that had very likely led to his arrest at JFK airport in New York, and the very beginning of his nightmare. He couldn't say for sure because the Americans refused to participate in an inquiry, based on the enthusiastic evidence the fact that he was in acquaintance of a man in the America's suspected of being a terrorist. The RCMP told the American officials that Mr. Ararar was suspected of least of al-Qaeda. They continued to feed questions about him to a Syrian captors, even as Canada's foreign refers minister, was working to get him out of the dark narrow Syrian jail cell, Mr. Raghard the grave. Even after the Syrian's release, Mr. Raghard finally knew evidence of terrorist leaks, the RCMP ran a smear campaign, linking details to report his about a confession he had made while he was being tortured. How unusual somebody making confession while they're being tortured. Dr. Harkana also reported that the RCMP had not been straight with the government officials about its role. The House of Commons is also apologized to Mr. Ararar, Prime Minister Steven Harper, George Bush Jr., is expected to do so once the government reaches a financial settlement with him, who suffers from depression and post-traumatic stress syndrome as he resulted in his or a deal. And it goes on. Side America, baby. Steven Harper, of course, wanted to suck up to Bush. He wants to be like, Bush, George W. Bush, the tooth is what he's all about. By the way, he'll be pleased to know the five girls still in the hospital from that shooting, as doing very well. So hopefully they won't be changing any other normal, but they've got to have changing and changing. Our poll numbers change. We got 1557 votes and I wouldn't be surprised if we got over 900 reads on that three about the chat room. Yep. Mom, I'm checking. I'm looking at the stats from yesterday. 909, how do you like that? Was I right or what? We surprised me if we get over a thousand people, we met Mark Fully, Instant Message, Chat, of Congressional Page. It was the booze that was doing the talking. Not. The feasting. So the best challenge to the feast is for your Roger. For Sir, Bush, video 560, you A.M. Jelly, WWE, to Bush. And I dish a brew, a vanilla radish, one to y'all. It's a new season, a new network, and a new attitude for the Gilmore Girls. Lots of things are coming to yield for parents weekend. I wouldn't miss it for the world, Roy. Time for your younger shots! Come on, man! You're more girls gone wild. Wow, Roy, your mom is so cool. She just won the banana and content. Yeah, if it's your best. It's all fun and games until Mother, daughter, rivalry, warriors. It's ugly, man. Well, I'm Jerry trying to beat me into what's easier content. Game 2 win. The game's family. We're gonna have a kitchen. How did my name's Buckingham, guys? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Ray, hey, you mom. It's all about friends, family, and flashing on Gilmore Girls gone wild. Oh, right. Wanna clock in the past 60, W.M. Of course, two o'clock. Usually it's the mad dog, but today we got that big press conference. By the Marlins, to announce something that we already know. Joe, Joe already fired. You're out, Joe. So it's true. He's going to Chicago to manage the cubs. That's the rumor. Oh my god. Woof. Talk about a death wish. Well, at least there'll be some people of the games anyway. We're gonna be feeling that's true. And we'll be really, really feel. There's some, so Joe, Joe, Joe already's given kin and Larry by a bean stalk. Larry in the bean stalk will be long at the two o'clock. And then the mad dog will follow the press conference. And I'm sure we're gonna have to be deserved. Then we got the power hour with Hank at a mad dog for a clock. Hank Goldberg found the seven guilty in the night. Seven of ten. And including eight to ten that Florida Panthers preseason special. Eddie K. Ten of clock. No games tonight because we got panthers season. Don't start until Friday, I guess. Got the Bruins game. Well, I'm in the hockey season. The NHL starts tomorrow. Got ML playoffs on right now. We got why? Baseball playoffs. Start today. Are on now? That's right. Who's carrying that? What network is that on? ESPN. Well, I don't got no ESPN, but I do have a TSN. No, Rolex spirit of Yadang is on there. What the hell am I gonna do? I said, well, the Huts exciting. Well, where the hell am I gonna find that? Are you sure who the hell's playing? Oh, there's the I'm in the morning. I want a lot of these sports networks. It's going to have it somewhere. It's not on there. You're in the right. Yeah. She'll always. She'll always. She'll always go. There's running Palmer 100 years ago. There's motorcycle racing. Now these twin stands are hoping that there is Santa and there's like John Miller to me. That's the boy. Moving on. When the series is over. On there's Joe Morgan next to him there. Look in the, like he usually does. I told you he's a big fan of yours, John Miller. You wanted to lie? Why? That's a rumor thing. Oh, is that what it is? Yeah. Because rumor and him are tight as a snare drum. He used to work in Baltimore together. Remember when John Miller did the oil game? I'd be here. We were born. I'm a how long ago that was. But anyway, the two of them are pretty tight. So he probably. He probably turned Miller out of my show. John, John, oh, that guy is a, what's that all about? What would you come up with this stuff? He's a big fan of mine. John Miller. I'm just making sure I don't have to do the Marlin games and I've met the guy a couple times. You met John Miller a couple times, God. Can I kiss your ring? Oh, sorry. I met your tube. Sorry. He's over it. That's right. Check ID is okay. Check ID. That's my suggestion. All you perverts out there. Check ID. Do not be risking your entire livelihood. And your current Congress and whatever else you aspire to be. By a deal with like miners. Okay. Cole miners. That's okay if they're old enough. And not like you regular miners. God. Lakomi and New Hampshire. Never been there though. I've been to rocking him to Salem, New Hampshire. Please set a couple of arguing about their marriage when the wife had been acts and charges that her husband chasing him around the house. Maybe she just wanted to ask him a question. The acts is considered a collector's item as used for display. But investigative service got a very sharp blade. And it's capable of causing serious injury or death. Linda Massie 50 defended herself in court money and called the acts a toy. I didn't threaten to kill him or anything. She said investigate has said a couple have been drinking and Massie says, I wanted to leave her. She was me. The argument then became violent. Getting soaked up. Police said that while chasing her husband, Massie destroyed several things inside their home including her glass door and his car. Her husband ran to a neighbor's house where he locked it or called the police. What a whim. What a whim. Why did you shoot the bitch? I thought it would take you. Take the other way. Where are you? In the piece of real guy. Snack with that axe. Let's say here's the facts. Mar, it's the Mark Foli is just stupid. Nothing more. Nothing less. Well, that's our pull. Not doing all I well. It's way down the list. Says what homosexual man hasn't been sent in the especially handsome 60 year old young man. mature for his agent thought. And if only you were legal. I know I'm here. And you probably have two. Tony's quote, pal was that he acted in those impulses. Well, I mean, is this debatable just like the rocket sense that this factory is telling us? It must be. Good. God. And that's stuff about his stories of the public moral compass like Bill O'Reilly. This is a real hero here. And I'm not going to read that. I'm playing the gay card. Play me in full ways like this self control on the sexuality. Note to old trolls it's his keep in your pants as young ones don't need the stigmata of your stupid actions. The stigmata. Wow. And what if the stigmata let's a good trail back in biblical times. You think? Let's take a bloody good trail. Well, anyway, so what is this really tell us? Okay, I mean, you know, guys, I guess be honest and admit that we've all looked at somebody who was really hot and toy or boy. But they were just a year or two older or whatever. How did it? Of course. Who hasn't done that except a liar, right? Right. But like I said before, you know, if you're into see if you're like into nine and ten euros, any got a real problem. Because even if you wait a year or two, you're still a pervert and we're going to fry your ass, you know? Right. My suggestion to those people is go to Thailand, go to Costa Rica. Just get out of the, get that loud. Good lost. Aaron Glance. I know if I can say Glance. But I just want to glance. What was it? Just want to look by. Right. What was your name? Just come on. You could do it. I know I can do it. Doris Troy. What a memory. Doris Troy. Just want to look. Are you kidding me? Wow. You have to question my, oh my guy. Doris Troy. There it is. Good song. Yeah. Is that just one look and then run away. Okay. Are you not sure. They look like maybe jail baits and run like hell for the hill. Okay. Thanks Doris. Lights off for lights cigarettes, rights, air and glance. Health groups are rejoicing this week after a federal judge in the Yorker to go ahead to the largest class action lawsuit in US history. Smokers of light and low-tars cigarettes are suing to vaco companies accusing them or fraud and seeking up to $200 billion in damages. I think these lawsuits are crap. You know, like anybody who's smoking in fact, it doesn't know that they're going to give them a big tumor or whatever it is. It's like eating crispy cream doughnuts. That's right. Like eating 20 or 30 who would have sitting or like eating hog and eyes. The banana ice cream. Like I did yesterday a pun. Oh no banana nut. You're a bug. I know. How about your pardon? You're a banana nut. That's correct. It's addictive. I'm going to sue their ass. I put all this sugar in there. No, they're just like the crispy cream doughnuts. They put all this sugar in there because you want you to be addicted to it. You know, just can't even eat only 10. So they're making it yummy. That's right. The tennis alleged tobacco companies do years ago that smokers send a smoke light cigarettes harder, taking deepward drags and smoking more cigarettes. How do you like that? Deepward drags. Whoo. Even though the health effect they say is the same as regular cigarettes. An increased risk for disease and death. Bronchitis, infosema, cancer, all of these. All of these. It's time that we start holding them accountable for this fraud since he held it to the California-based Americans for non-smokers rights told one world. But the backdoor companies knew it would tell information about the health effects of so-called light, low-tar, and natural cigarettes. And that they were seemingly less hazardous, but they knew in fact from their own research that they were not only damaging the smokers, but to non-smokers as well through second-hand smoke. And it's ruling Monday, this alleged jack-wine stunt echoed health advocate saying the claim is that the person and genic other adverse effects smokers sought to avoid were not reduced by smoking light rather than other cigarettes. That defendants knew this was the case that they concealed this fact that the urge to play if through advertising other public statements to smoke these lights, knowing smokers would be misled because they were taking it. Deepward drag. The tobacco companies, including US-based Philip Morrison, R.J. Reynolds, have out the appeal to ruling. Regardless, the days of light and low-tar cigarettes on the Shals American stores. It says here, are likely to be over, sober. That's because of a court victory by the federal government and a separate racketeering case last month. In that case, George Gladys Kessler found America's largest tobacco firms and violated racketeering laws in the conspiracy stretching back to the 50s, during which Sunday had sought to maximize profits while deceiving smokers about the extent of their research and health versus associated with cigarettes with those governments. The tobacco companies response to Kessler's ruling surprised many observers rather than contesting her findings, they asked for a clarification. If they stopped selling light and low-tar cigarettes domestically, could they continue to market them abroad? It's an absolute outrage that they ought to be able to do overseas, but they're not going to be allowed to do in the US at Ross Handon, organized at the global tobacco control policy framework, which combines the cigarette smoking worldwide. They have absolutely no shame yet, and I think they're just cutting on people not paying attention. Absolutely. Only industry that survived 50 years by deceiving the American public on a continuing irregular basis would have trouble complying with the order that tells them simply to tell the truth, Matthew Myers, President of a campaign for tobacco free kids in the statement. That's right. All you kids out there, if you're going to like it, light up, make sure it's not a cigarette. Right? That's what George says. That's right. No one's done that yet. It is very clear that the main product of the Stib tobacco company of time and is for adult men said a woman whose name I couldn't possibly pronounce. The target women are children, but right now you see their national brands providing a greater variety of choice. You don't only see red marble, you see light marble, low-term marble, and every other variety of marble. In response to the Foundation of Foreign Security, advertising Thailand's health ministry implemented its own ban on light and low-tars to the red last month. The measure has no enforcement provision. No one since Thailand's government was just over 30 minutes in a military coup. It may take some time to implement. All depending on the new guys. Hang a line with them. I'm with their smoke. This is the body. Commissioners office. So how do I help you? I'm going to go this rock dance. I'm going to go in through a one-time military baseball playout. I'm going to go up to your mind. I'm going to go to your mind. I'm going to go up to your mind. I'm going to go up to your mind. I'm going to go up to your mind. I'm going to go up to your mind. Open Minnesota. Who cares about this game? You care about this, Josh? The twilight. Yeah. Get out of here. I think we're going to pay for it. I'll go down. All right, down in the middle. How could you look at that pitch? I'm going to go up to the fourth floor. I'm going to go up to the fourth floor. I'm going to go up to the fourth floor. I'm going to go up to the fourth floor. What Jason Kendall does they name a place in Florida after him? He's an extra two-strike killer. That's called his pitch. Okay. We don't have the rights to be carrying this game. How can you be putting it on the air? What's wrong with you, man? Oh, why don't you hold for terrorist puppies? Portland, New York. Describing a band in puppies is terrorists and a classified ed. This is seem like a good way to get them. Adopt unless you're in the animal rescue world of Paul A. Young. The director of Montverton's animal shelter learned last month at four rat terrier Puffs were about to be used in Eisenhower City. So she swooped in, picked them up and brought them to a five-acre sprint and watched their counter. Then she called the Gerald News in order to a two week, three line ad that says, Twin Rat tererist, 11 months of durable, full of fun. Young and down in full of fun. You know, often see terrorists and durable in the same description. But young since you were just being honest, they can be a little terer. She said that they ate to 12 pound white butter scotch and black short hair terriers, named Jack Jackie Milo and Dino, who were playing happily on a second story deck on a recent morning, and were perfectly friendly toward a visitor. White butter scotch and black short hair terriers. Colby fooled by those sweet looking faces and so few years their fear of sunning instincts are likely to terrify any prey. If you were wearing a pair of slippers that look like bunnies, they'll think it's the greatest thing in the world that'll attack them more young. And the very energetic Jack jumped off the deck to greatly the other day. He said, she said, it said, young since he advertised the whole terriers by two, because people would be more likely to adopt two than four. And as some of them, they she had found a home for just one. Jack was enough to buy a woman and a eleven year old daughter in Piermont, New York. When young placed the end of a woman taking down the coffee, bought the tererist, she said, you mean, terrier? I said, no, you mean you want to say that? I said, yes, tererist. Young says he's from a military family. Didn't think the word tererist would defend anybody. And so I'm nothing wrong with using it to attract attention and it did. Young said that since September 21 when he had first appeared in paper in online, she's busy about 75 calls. Some were interested in adopting the dog. Some mentioned how tired of the Irish Republican army. And a man named Todd called from Colorado to say, I love you read about the twin-wet tererist. We just put it up on the refrigerator. The end was especially notable among fluffy red option notices for a Wheaton Terrier soft-coated and Yorkie puppies toy and teacup sizes. Oh, a teacup sized dog. Make tiny look like a monster. What kind of a dog is that? What kind of a person gets a little dog that's size of a teacup by wife? Get out of here. Your dog is that small? That's size of a teacup. It's a parlorating. It's five pounds though. Put your pocket. Yeah. Come out to dog. That too. Young who's at her 40s and mother of a grown son had a soft spot for the hard cases of the animal world. A state-like, his wildlife rehab was been an activist journalist in restaurant. She has a series of sheds and cages being at her house for rabbits, red coans, even deer recovering from injury or other trauma like loss of a mother. How do you know if a deer lost its mother? Visitanya? There's a baby. Oh, deer. This way two rat coans were launching the rafters of their shed ignoring an open door to freedom. There's also a pen for a big nubian goat named Billy. But actually, it really stinks in that place. Then there are her own pets including three tiny pomeranians and diapers and she says, I don't know how many cats. That cute? No. Three tiny pomeranians and diapers. Hmm. I guess that's so they only that function's bootrail. That's what Chris Manthu is worried about. Those eminors was the bootrail. And if he's got any brains left at all if he quits drinking, maybe the Mark Foli will start worrying about his bootrail too. The biggest name is of best talent. Hey, Mark, you forever, you rotters for Shredio 560.