I was watching that last minute and a half. I'm so sorry. When Brenda Moore knocked that shot through. Yeah. Boy, they just, how many times is she or is that happened to them? But third man. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Over and over again. Two nights in a row. Yeah. Well, that's their specialty. That's the specialty of the house. They could put it together and I expect a bag. Well, they didn't even know. They didn't even know. But what you're right, I was watching those things got no heart. That place was dominated by empty seats. Right. Oh, do you? And I wonder what they put for the attendance. I'll have to look it up here in a second. I don't know. But when you can see the empty seats down close. Yeah, chunks. They're dirty. You'll always see in a lower bowl they're like big chunks of sections that are like basically empty. I was wondering if maybe people left early, but I don't think so. Yeah. Getting on a computer all these offers. So four free seats if you buy a hot dog in a large soda. I mean, it's a joke. You know, the reason they do that is so they can do stuff those phony attendance numbers. If it makes an Allen cone feel better, that's fine. But it's not bringing any money into the tilt. No heart. They got no guts. I'll tell you who's also got no heart is a real jackass. And that's great. Code text if they're here. What do you do now? You're not even familiar with what they're doing? Oh, I heard you talking about yesterday. Yeah. Now, let me ask you to see a pure on that station. No, I don't think so. I don't know. I don't have it because we know that they heard the message. There's relationship with our friends across the street. Probably on there is a guest from time to time. Yeah. When surprised me. And so we conduct a bogus poll where he puts everybody that's ever been through the door over there on. And then we get only four people listed from our station. And of course, give them a big head start. And then I get a fax informing me which I'm sure came from across the street. Informing me about it. So we can like promote them. Which is fine with me. I have no problem then. I'll talk about them all they want. But you're not in the poll. I'm not an honest story from the polls. Sorry, Neil Rogers, but the only a sports show is, you know, as if I don't exist. But we like having the ratings come out and we'll tend to do it. We don't get anything because there's no sports show on there. He's got the same mentality as our program director. All he know about his sports says all they know if it's not a sports show, it doesn't exist. And the interesting part is the comments on his blog and we go to the poll. There are 28 comments in about 20 of mentioned yours truly and about those 20 about 17 of a very positive light. Sorry, Greg, co-tex, you idiot, you loser. You're fairly more on what a newspaper. What a joke. Was never any good in the first place, but man, it keeps going down and down. Jim, the fetus was right. Remember what he said that Colony wrote about before we got canned about well, this used to be a great newspaper. We can't afford it anymore. We're so we're doing the best we can. I have been up to date on Jim. He's going to be doing commentaries on WFOR. Oh my god, hopefully behind a mask. He's going to be on, oh, regularly. He makes Michael more or less like Brad Pitt. And he's a really radio show, but that's a real radio show. Might be okay, I don't know, but I mean, he's got a body for radio and offer TV. He's going to have a Saturday radio show someplace. He looks like somebody took buddy nevins and stuck a bicycle pump up his ass and just blew him up to about 10 times the size like he came out of a dumpster. You ever see him? Jim de fetus? Only in pictures. Oh my god. Oh wow. How about a shave in a bath would be good for a start? Brush a teeth? Yeah, maybe brush those nasty teeth. Other than that, we don't want to start out ripping people out of the other than great Code text. So let's see if the last time I checked about 10 months ago, we got, um, 1196 votes. Of course, it doesn't really mean that much because there's crossover between the two stations. But the mad dog is first in your second in the most popular on our station. And then you got a pretty good lead there in the ones that hate you like poison. And then over the other side, let's see, Joe Rose 175, Dan LaBazard 150, and I'll, of those about at least 80 I would say are from him. Him and his boyfriend's. That guy, man, you talk about an ego. He may Steve Kane look modest. I don't know what his story is. What an egotistical, the bastard. Well, that kind of a poll, you know, I just said that people can just keep hitting it, right? Right. Yeah, you can, you can keep going back and do it again. I remember one year the Harold had a, a right in survey on, on most popular and least popular and I got both. Right. Which is good. Well, I remember that because I talked about it on the year and I said, like Howard Cossett, you used to get the same. He was the most popular and also the most hated. Right. Which at least, at least people knew who he was and they had an opinion. Yeah, it means it, if there, if there's nobody doesn't like you, then you've got a problem. That's right. But when they're a bit like, like, we can Steve Kane, when the 95% of the audience hates you like poison, then you have a big problem. That's pretty revealing, we didn't the comments there, including from Ed, this is, at least some of our crazy people on there too. That's good. And then there are a couple of messages assigned Howard David on there too. Oh, right. Howard noticed you get them. You're not really, not the real real. A couple of our clowns out there. Once as if anybody at QM is reading this, could you please send my hair piece? I looked at the station. Things like that. Huh. He left the muskrad. He's kind of a rambling guy. I remember the muskrad rambling. Let's, the moment. Yeah, then you saw a mo go. Let's see him no more. You know. But it's kind of amazing that we have all this other stuff going on. And this still life goes on here. We said, well, what are they going to talk about after I leave? Well, we haven't really talked about him that much and don't plan on doing it. That other fish to fry. I'm trying to get the call to reopen. What do you mean we opened? Well, you mean for the sound locusting, gov. Yeah, the division even if it's in stolen records could give them a stay and let them continue with Nate thump. But here's something is really incredible. Are you start with a horse racing again? First we start out what you're going to, I'm talking about horse racing. I'm talking about going on in the state of Florida. I'm going to protect him across the street to sabotage my show. Go ahead. This is about to stay to Florida and how it operates. Okay. And this is very akin to what happened with the slots. But the slots, the head of the division has, they've been trying to reach him from all from all the tracks since December 16th he is not returned to phone call. He sounds like first driver in our sales department. That's the way regulates. That's the way he's supposed to be regulates. I'm going to count that call Josh Cort as this morning and his message after message for first driver who won't return their call left a message for our sales manager who also wouldn't return their call. I like that. One of our final counts of sales. That's a salesman. He's busy, you know. Doing what? Looking for another job. I hear he's up for the division of parametra wage ring job. He'd be a perfect fit. He'd be great for that. He'd be always a wall. That's the idea in doing anything either. And if this is about not calling people back, that's just a way our former general manager used to operate. So anyway, a guy called me before and when we turned his calls because he didn't really hire him. Like the time he hired Rimmer and when we turned his calls because he didn't really hire him. But anyway, go ahead. No, you'll appreciate this. A guy called earlier today and said he called the division and talked to somebody there who said that they were acting on instructions from somebody much higher up. Now who would that be? My high-rod. Our governor. You mean the Fed S governor? Yes. Huh. Oh, I'll be damned. So indications are another attempt to sabotage gambling in this. Oh, yeah, they're doing everything in their power. I mean, it's the most bizarre thing. They're supposed to be, it reminds me of Hyman Roth and Michael Coralione. It's supposed to be partners and the one side is doing everything in their power to the sandbag the other side. Yeah. And by the way, they get money out of this industry. Right. That's what I'm saying. Yep. Partners where the state takes a nice chunk of cash millions of dollars every year. And this is a state that, you know, doesn't have any state income tax. And then if this really always a need of money, can't afford this, can't afford that. But they just don't want that money when it's associated with gambling. Always evil. That's really bad. Unless you like that lottery man, if you want to get that annuity for next 400 years, yeah, that we're going to think about 20% of what they promised you if you wanted all in a lump sum. Oh, well, what's up with you today? Oh, what day is it Thursday? Yeah. Get ready for my big trip to Niagara Falls this weekend. Not every year, he's six weeks is so I trek on down there. Tell you, you'd like that place. Beautiful casino. They got a big sports book. How far is it from Detroit? About 300 miles. I'm not bad. Well, I didn't have to worry about going there. You got the casino's in Detroit. Yeah, I'll be there. You got that big casino in Windsor too. I'll be going to the one in Detroit because I know the people who won that one they've got. You got all the stuff. The clubs in Windsor too, as a matter of fact. Well, maybe I'll take the ride across. Yeah, like I said, across the Ambassador Bridge. Oh, seriously, it was a race track. They got a beautiful casino too. With 3,000 slots. Although, I don't think they got the full gaming there. You went and I want to go there. But they have what you know they got the big casino's in Detroit. Yeah. I'll take that body guard. I'll just tell you right now. You don't even have to go outside to get there from what I understand. You know, even when I lived there, which was the early 70s, across that's after 67 after it was that burn baby burn routine. Even early 70s, it was one of those deals where all the white people just could move in further and further. Then they built that, they built this stadium. It kind of was a tip off when they built a silver domain potty act. Most people, as they're not from Michigan, they don't know their geography. Just take a look on a map and see where Detroit is in where Pottyac is. It would be like building the Dolphin Stadium like in Stewart, you know, it's just an hour from the airport. Right. It's a long ways away. Yep. So I don't remember when we had Willow Run airport, there used to be two airports commercial in Detroit. Remember Willow Run? No. Well, I sure do. I go back and Detroit a lot. I was a community Detroit to offer. I used to be just fabulous. We'd be driving on the Itzel fort of the John Lodge expressway by 90 miles an hour in the cup of go by it like you were standing still. The weather was great. They're in the head of Motown. You have your radio cranked up your AM radio. W-s-y-z-c-l-w. But you can't live in the past, do I'm saying? Right. All these people say, well, all you old farts, you live in the past, you think the past was so much better. And you know why we think the past didn't even move. It was so much better because it was. That girl, man, it sure was. God. Take me back to Hezelt Park back in the day. And it was a place on eight mile road where the head of one of those like, I was called top-hat hamburgers. Just came back into my mind. And if we'd have a bad night of the track on a way back to Kalamazoo, we'd stop the top-hat through the drive-through to head of the little burgers like White Castle. Oh, it's sliders. Yeah, the sliders just open up the truck and say, fill her up. You know what I'm gonna give me to 100 of those. Those are the best. Look around four o'clock in the morning when you're out. Yeah. Well, they give you oxygen demand. We have to have like a bottle of sulfur. Oh, look at this. I just got a spary for you. You'll be very interested in this. Oh, no. Oh, no. Yeah, you know something. You're gonna ploth when you hear this. You can't handle it. Try me. Rick. One of our semi-quantic factions is his Greg Coat. This is a regular on 790. He's called the singing sports writer, Raleigh McTepht, that song, that includes comedies andloric 말고s. Who have really come to life notida, with a character like somebody too. Wash me down. They just looked into the other one, are you ready for the first sexual harassment from president merchant? We know there's a big fan of Lori Harman's and everybody class with a skillful human being. So, I mean, answering the dice. So, Bruce Pepperd goes into murder宮 and bull history with some of his similarities. we have a sewer that I'm a hero I'm gonna follow damn lawsuit about a billion dollars yeah but it's just a last day this has nothing to do with rating so yeah who cares no that's not the point of it it's another lame attempt just like when the uh sixty ninety went on or whatever was the fan and they jackass they put a column on the front page of their front section all big competitions for a few a year the hero doesn't everything they can to like destroy our lives and I think it's time they paid for it I think we ought to call Luca Brassie I think we ought to call Jim de Fidi and he can go over there in the middle right and take care of Venice you know what I'm saying he can go over there and take a big dump on somebody's desk oh god I'm gonna get that that's not a pretty big shit no and that's what I'm saying I'll leave you with that think about that one the rest of the day that whole building might just get sucked into the earth after that happened have a great day come boom see you my young man bye we're done what it comes to sports we see on the floor I wanted to talk to you something about the dolphin somebody told me I don't know if it's true or not that Nick's even said something about trading up for the opportunity to give Vinci Young a that true yeah yeah we're all right let's say well what was the trade we're given up uh self-mechanning and next year's number six to move up from 16 so you can get him really yeah you think you think that would be good for the dog nah not a backing you know that's too big a price to pay really yeah all right man dog okay Ricky Winking and y'all I think you suck into son of a bitch Wain, burn, you made a sign of money By ripping off those face to loving things I think it's true that we don't give you Always see a garbage man And now the morn is all the last place Wain, I'd like to punch a rhyme of a face Wain, burn, you A lot of people want a bomb And if the mention of your name You take good tea and lose with it And I know just why you do flint We always get a screw in with one You really put us down at a dumps Wain, you played a song for me You lead jumps, wain You're gonna sell the mallets And you will collect the spot of cash It's kind of strange that now somebody else is thinking of your trash You're a bald and mock-mark head lately sick Wain, I'd like to give you a rash of it Just let them Wain, I'd just cut off the shit Fits at the shows of lack of brains I don't care what you buy yourself Go away on to the business else I wish that you would go to hell with me Hey, Wain, I changed the shoe Oh, okay, well I haven't played it in a long time I mean, I really played a lot of stuff we haven't played it a long time Named, amazing So a great code texture turns out Is an inside, another one of those insiders over there across the street Just like very jackass, I'll leave him more so Because they wouldn't put Barry on the ear Who would? But is it that something? He's the singing sports rider Oh, man, it sounds so Wow, Greg, you're f***ing idiot What's 1060 now, ready to be better to sound in this? Yeah, how do I trust Raffer and return across We are clients who jackass Man, oh man, if he ever comes in there again And you let him speak to me, I will never speak to you again I'm telling you that right now Just keep his nasty ass out I can smell it all the way up here Mark the turd down, Jack We saw of yourself to a better night's sleep In 2006 by calling 1-800 mantras right now Nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health Well, big and productivity in a good night's sleep And you want to soon as tonight If you make that what easy call Just call dialometras 1-800 mantras right now If your mattress is more than 10 years older It's noticeably sagging or lumpy or bumpy or schmutzy It's time for a new one Choose from the complete line Seely, surd a Simmons King Quill temperament against Stearns And bananas fostered too Dialometras takes India orders all day long From kennel to steward, Palm Beach to Fort Myers And you still pick the date into our delivery window You want that mattress delivered They show up on time 99.7% of the time, almost perfect though That's why I've been using them for years And I guarantee you'll be happy customer too So start off the new year right with a great new mattress From dialometras and sleep like a baby for years to come Pick up the phone right now Give McCallets the easiest piece of shopping Anybody could dream of Just call 1-800 mantras or lock on their website Mathrist.com Dialometras 1-800-MATTRES Leave off the last as because it stands for Sensational Stoop and this savings This is Neil Rogers God, do you know anything about chocolate? From my controversial year of New Orleans Comes on brand new chocolate train This will be chocolate For instance peanut buttercocks How did you make chocolate? These are delicious one The dark chocolate You take dark chocolate Surrounding a super normal peanut butter And because it's rain-niggins Wraiths and it's a very good thing It's a very good thing It's a very good thing Super normal peanut butter And because it's rain-niggins Wraiths and peanut buttercocks All the peanut butter is been moved out And replaced with chocolate That's the chocolate I'm talking about Just a rain-niggins It's the rain-niggins And you sure should try the delicious You chocolate shrimp Very good, it's quick You can mix it with right note And it becomes a delicious shrimp And for chocolate, you can use a lot of chocolate Try wraiths and pieces And chocolate You're all the way 10, 21, and 5, 60, WQA And happy 3, 2, and let's take a look at that schedule Now we got the guilty to say afternoon He'll be a hillham is known as all the way down to his toes Which in his case shouldn't be too difficult Including Peter King between 3 and 3, 3, 3, 3 And now he's got to be Peter King or Larry King Or Stephen King Anyway, then you got mad dog from 047 Rock solid as always Rock solid 7 o'clock it's hurricane hotline From Bernie Cosa our steak house You know that's Bernie we've got the panthers Oh, Cosa and then the beast had Bernie steak house 9 to 10 Any k10 o'clock Go games tonight panthers go they well needed They do heal their wounds Boy they really suck Anyway, we got a major bulletin from the Sun several right now Which it does not have red co-text on their payroll By the way real quick there attendance was supposedly 12,517 Boy so in other words if it's said 12,517 It means maybe about 6,7000 And let me say this 12,000 granted it was on a week night But nevertheless Caroline is they got lead the league That's the hottest team in league They got the ex sub panther Ray Whitney, scored on a shootout by the way And some people that folks actually heard of himself for but nevertheless that's pretty lame And it includes thousands and thousands of freebie tickets given away Oh if you're here at season ticket order we give it like 8 for 1 And if you're like a by a small soda and a piece of pizza Will give you like 16 pretty tickets for each of your best 10 friends Yeah You're not full of anybody Allen okay You can keep going one and done and you keep intimidating the broadcast You're poured the they've straighted their who wishes he was back in detrotor somewhere Man Anyway the big bulletin tiger was moving to sprawling 38 million dollars state on Jupiter island Aren't you excited he's still boring his health So he's got millions and billions and because it is a dollars It's a board me like crazy Lots of bore you we've already rich Oh yeah like a Donald Trump for zero and George Steinbrinner In fact I think and Bill Gates V Gates Are there any very wealthy people who are like interesting He'll have to All right two half-nir's one but he's not like crazy wealthy He's just you know, oh, I think he's got a couple of bucks to the same way Or they'll end that lumpy mattress You don't think I think yeah, you know he must but that's What's that David Branson because he's always doing the balloon thing or the this thing or the that thing but that's interesting to me Yeah, you mean you got from Virgin the airline that's the one he's the right stuff Richard Branson That's it what about him? He's always doing stuff. He's doing that interesting to me, but at least he's having a fun while Donald Trump's always doing somebody too But nevertheless usually Who best this this is our pull from yesterday somebody needs a person and let me say this the heralds defense on his Greg Co. text It would make well, that's not our right his regular call on us on his blog We know something right there on a main page of your website You're promoting it. You got a link there to it. Okay, so you can try to like say what that's his personal blog and a heralds But you know something blow it out your ass. That's my response to the herald Anything that they can do to try to like you know deep six us or screw us over any I still as a work here. We are how many years later in my cave Go me years later Since the day I came to town had you audacity to not to mind me hurled on here They've been doing everything in her power like stick it to me. I stick both feet deep inside my echo body And here I am still going strong at you to 110. How do you like that? You go you're moving there at the herald. You anti semi to lunatics You can't even imagine the things that Howard Kleinberg says about you. Well anyway I just made that up. Some of them needs a person out. Well, that's because the Miami news used to be like the stepchild of the herald And then of course the news disappeared one day. I mean news wasn't a bad paper Except that Howard kept writing editorials against casino gambling where privately he told me he was in favor But that's okay. Howard all's forgiven. I sure he's okay and not going to those Panther games Who best fits the seven needs a personality transplant a thousand seventy six votes? And Al Gore and John Kerry pretty sad commentary. Al Gore's over there at the big film festival And again with his documentary and going to save the world and after he fixes the internet It's all up right 30 about Al Gore 197. John Kerry 169 all boy And Moses opposed to because we saw that full on Hillary the other day. They couldn't find three people who would vote for an effects Election including Bubba he said forget about that Martha Stewart one away Joseph Gaki 105 Okay, and an equal Smith 101 Tiger Woods 82 with his big 38 million dollar mansion and Palm Beach anybody care Now only golf nerds nothing worse than golf nerds Ben Stein 57 others another example for ring all mine got as he coma inducing rich. It was on art. He was on the other one. The other whatever it Hel was Terminal personality transplant wouldn't do it 57 Bob greasy 51 coma inducing no gifts in 40 65. He's got pizza in for 28 Kevin Costa 25. Be no code 23 Jeff Gordon 19 L.n. degenerate 16 Senator Bill Nelson 14 and Bernie Williams has five The expressionless Bernie Williams is another guy with millions and millions and millions and dollars and he's still and tremendous talent still boring man's He boy got He's as boring as vanilla ice cream and that says it all 26 past 10 at five 60 W Q a and the air mode coast is Florida's number of uno Asian gourmet buffet is ready by the get restaurant review Every Friday through Sunday night you can enjoy lobster fest featuring main locks reserve thermodore style and every night of the Emile coach is crampest where last in snow crab legs dungeon is crab and Jonah stone crab Get those crabs at Emile coast the menu still includes fresh oysters on a half cell in a sushi bar with over 30 But third man different items the Emile coast also serve New York state juicy and delicious cooked to order just the way you like him and handcarp from rib two Just zillions of delicious fresh items on a menu and on the weekends for dessert leave room for the Emile coast famous 40 inch Chocolate fountain you can hand if your own strawberries marshmallows other different treats and January 27 that sounds like tomorrow to me through February 5 Come celebrate the Chinese New Year with the Emile Coast featuring roast duck crispy chicken sweet and sour fish Mmm and roasted suckling pig every night too the Emile coast is got freaking in effect speaking of roasted suckling pig maybe Jim to feed you will be there But like an apple in his mouth the Emile coast is got three convenient location to serve you there in sunrise sunny as reaching Pembert finds reservations Just in call nine five four five seven two thirty twenty two for a real feast at the Emile Coast Chinese buffet Oh Oh I Zardin Some love bound to everybody hair I am now You've avoided the fun Our van location is the same by You started your long morning it's love Bang, bang and party is alone Party is love creating out a checked as fogging away but they won't accept checks from the bank So she's hours and changed her for a minute These are good, bonnet dines Oh, well, I'm already in love Oh, well, I'm already in love Oh, well, well, well, well I want to pay the need and mind They don't have to be so strong With all it all Are you going to love? Are you going to love? Are you going to love? Oh, my God That's 33 Twenty-seven people are going to kill him I think George is sending these comments over to an honest comment line on this blog Towards me? Yeah For example, here's what I said I love me a rager, he's the real America I need some action, but George he's Hitler, so I'm Gilbert Solon And the next one says, Neorages is a communist I would not hire him, I'd rather be a safe number three than a controversial number one, so I'm Timmy Williams The next one says, you left Neorages off the pool Oh, you made a mistake, you made a mistake, sign, Mike Rosenthall And then the next one goes, I'm doing a right-in for Ed Berliner Sign cousin Brucey I think Johnny Dark is sending these in or somebody like that Maybe the bird is sending him in from the other side Well, at least we got our people spicy up your boring blog And your bull with some cute comments, okay? You jackass and by the way your singing sucks So how do you like that? The singing sports rider is doing a pole in the harrow Oh, brother, give me a break Just wait till that next to trend comes out, it's going to be really eubly Here's a fact from Randy who means well, obviously, but Pull idea, foods that are horrible for you that you can't resist Okay, well, isn't that just about any That everything we want from ice cream and pizza and hot dogs and whatever all of these things right? And it says you can get at least five parts on the shore We just over did our quote on that one bit Then you could keep the audience guessing when they're coming All in the beginning or all at the end Okay, we'll do that We'll have all parts of Friday, so sad And we went to bed last night those of us who would care just a little bit Even like I said, let them all kill each other over there and then release But thinking that Hamas, Hamas, came in a second It was special and we'll second And then we wake up this morning in a stunning development And had official auction results Prime Minister Ahmed Korai said today that he and others in the Palestinian Authority government will resign Oh, I forgot to tell you we got a fire alarm this half hour Oh, and you want me to close the door and kind of like new to it or should we like Oh, let's enjoy it, let's pass and deliver Right We'll resign in the wake up Hamas is a parent parliamentary victory The announcement followed estimates from Wednesday's election That said, Hamas, I want to majority of seats in the 132 seed Palestinian legislative council So, finally they were like Fatak party Korai's office, it'll be up to Hamas to form a new government How do you like that? Emboys are as hobman and dare, you don't even know what that means He said, we're not going to have nothing to do with that until they recognize Israel They said screw you So it's the same old crap, in other words, we wanted the Palestinians to have a free election And the Adi Adi Adi and the head election that we didn't like the way it came out So screw you Just like the election in Iraq Yeah, oh, don't do that Huh? Don't do that, don't vote that way Yeah, well, let's see, I'll hold the election again And of course, this is the government that knows best about first election So, maybe we could put some of them vote machines in next time over there Some of those diable babies Oh yeah, that's your double fix it Okay, and I'll see, here's today's poll that we got going We got so many polls going here In fact, we already got tomorrow's all set Who best fits this? Someone who thinks they can sing but can't You know, something we should put great context on there That's good He's the singing sports rata Get it on, get it on, get credit code text Now what is this? A porn surfing Michigan parole officer is getting his job back with a raise too Thomas Dilihan was fired in 2004 after I remember that After computer law showed he was surfing the internet for about four hours a day The records also showed he was visiting ex-rated websites while on the job His union appeal saying the firing was excessive rate for a time of fence But an arbitrator's rule that a permanent question policy mandated light discipline for first time offense Not firing The arbitrator said Dilihan should have received a one day suspension How do you like that? The arbitrator said that we're 10 similar cases of a correction in employees and none was terminated Dilihan's getting a return it was a little job along with automatic pay raise and 45 graded back pay All right, you go Tommy Boy We got to have a great co-tech center full now We do see we don't nobody on the station listens over there except to some of our former management people At our program director so nobody else listens over there at 790 so we didn't realize that he was a regular on or even a hump or wasn't where that So it would be like it would be like Curtis Stevenson having a pool I apologize to Curtis I'm not lumping in with graded co-tags, but having a pool and saying okay, well, which Of course Curtis doesn't write for a supposedly major newspaper, so I guess there is no good comparison It's a shameless. That's what you people have there a lot you just shameless always have been always will be What can we do to you know just like that line from Joel fine, bro. They'll do anything to hurt us. Oh, gee. What are we gonna do? How can we continue? They're picking on us. Well screw you guys, okay? Hope to hear a building burns down. Hope it burns right to the ground with the Greg Co-tex inside of it and very jackass Who best fits this someone who thinks they can sing with can Yoko ono 107 seeing shot the wrong person Have you had that aim? Ashley Simpson. She can't even lift sink well 92 and then after that it's kind of far down William hung 54 is he William Shattner 53 John Ascro 48. Donk at that Eagle Sour J. Low 40 Kevin Feederline 40 Kelly Osborn's got about 30 man Celine Dion 28 Perisultan 22 David Hasselhoff 22 Kathy McGiver 20 Lee Elisa Marie Preci 20 Bobby Dillon 18 Book who's got 17 also 17 for Eddie Murphy same person Well Smith has got 16 I voted for him. He just gives me the skill piece right Registrate in 15 20 Danza 14 what we didn't know and week. I got 11 which I'm pretty peered about that Jamie Fox 10 on the judge court is really excited about watching city of God in the storm and so because I would have a good a bed last night As long as I get down man first half and I got up to the 70s and I stopped there right there and I will after the show off finish watching where I'll eat my lunch By the way, yes, got a fact here remember how we were talking about Hulk Hogan yesterday and the notes is daughter know it's him. Yeah, well, there it is somebody facts in it is Hulk He does sing sort of and here it is Oh, okay, we'll get him on here right away. Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, I mean Jimmy Fox 10 or Jamie Fox. Oh, there's a she takes the friend All right Justin Tinkerbell nine slice the loan eight then then Johnson a balance Johnson eight beyond Sanders seven Rusual six John revolt before Patrick Sways. I'm gonna shut that door. It's too loud Okay, Rusville six that I say the on Sanders seven won while he's Dion out must be the money Dion. Let's be he makes me nauseous John trouble to four Patrick sleazy three Joey Lawrence three Mark Wahlberg two Philip Michael Thomas two will be Nelson two David souls only got two there was so much conversation about David's solace today Don't give up on us, but Vicky Lawrence two great co-text is always got one the singing sports ready. Oh, God. It sounds okay Paul Serenos got one and Hulk Hogan just went on over a certain 61 over to this I got the best piece of news that you heard in a long time speaking of polls Okay, but we're gonna do the break first I Life You I got some From all your race and Such I put boggles on my baggy I may have one baby in a grave and I got to buy my own pizza Get Shocking Uh I'll put a cut out there just getting too, you know, 40 common voting roll signs to the government. 1047 at 5.60, if you have any of you here, some good news is finally, you want to get you to, you know, what's up? The word impeachment is popping up increasingly these days and not just off the lips of liberal activists, fighting predictable bumper sticker slogans, after the unfounded tens of utter rash weapons and mass destruction, recent news of domestic spying without warrants, that's different from economic sanctions. Main stream politicians and ordinary voters are talking openly about the possibility that President Bush could be impeached. So was at least one powerful senator, Ireland's specter Republican Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. The poor released last week by Zagbe International showed 52% of American adults thought Congress would consider impeaching Bush if he were to have fewer citizens without court approval, including 59% of independence and even 23% of Republicans. Rock solid. You know, I can't. Yeah, there you go. He's on there, but he beat pretty, whoop. And there is no compromise when it comes, you know. When it comes to what his dictatorship, right. In fact, I just had a story I sent to Josh there about Alberto Gonzalez with his video five. And they're a little bit awarding in some memomode, there's some where long-lime he wrote that says basically the Patriot Act is just window dressing. They don't need it because he's already claimed his dictatorial powers. And whether the Congress renewed Patriot Act or not, he's just going to open it into whatever he wants. Right. Because it's the war on Tara, baby, perpetual war for perpetual peace or the war. Captain America, I tried, safe. He says he saved you. You got it. Now, the flaws were like, I noticed before, just following it to him, I was like, what was that all about? Mass is very poor. And I noticed that there's like eight Zillion comments on it, the Greg Coatex Blab which I found all of the most amusing. Yeah. And all of the most you about you. Yeah. Well, not, but they're all from like our, uh, you can be people. Well, whoo, can be people. There's even more, uh, the bird from the other side. Yeah. And one from the man trumpeter, Alv. Laugh. That's a tie there. They're all on there. And you know, okay, now that you've been, uh, you've been, uh, let all the closet. You're fair. They, uh, as the singing host, hostess or whatever you are, I know you get serious. But so even in a weekly reader, even like in kindergarten, maybe in Paris by this. Remember I talked about how I had a friend of Howard Kurtz, who doesn't know? That's the Jackass on Sienna. Howard, something about the why was a kid? Some of you kid. And we used to go out of basement and, no, not what you're thinking. And we used to make our own like little newspaper. Remember with the gelatin, I, I forget how that worked. Oh, they had like a pile. Uh, I like a gelatin printing press. Uh huh. We like purple. The printing press, I assume. Well, wasn't really a printing press, but you could print stuff on it. Okay. The gelatin. We had our like our own newspaper. Evil, we wouldn't have put Greg Hotex on it. I just want him trying to make the eyes it. Pathetic. WQAM, hello. QAM. Yes, man. Hi, how about for your poll? I don't know if he's on yet or not because I just tuned in. But these singing newscasts are Rick Santas. I just pulled a fast off the machine. Oh, man. You guys just said, you're saying, I'm reading it as she's saying it. Oh, we're talking about Rick Santas. All right. It's great. Amen, sister. I love you, the piece of nail. Thanks. Good night. By, even the directly he is, I've got to mention there on a Greg Hotex blog. So he keeps those messages coming and somebody probably ought to put one on there for the unsuspecting folks that Greg is in. He's an inside spy over there across his rear. He's on the payroll. A disclaimer would be appropriate. Yeah, a little bit of a disclaimer pointing out that the whole thing is a fraud and the fake and that's why they left me off of there and they put like nine of there. Why did they put the what's his name? Put Greg Cotex on there. Two while you're at it. A piece of a favor on his show. Why not put him on the poll for $790. Who sent put couple extra phone calls you jackass you idiot. You fair. This is this is South Florida, baby. South Florida. 560 50 50 pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line. How about that? Come on, baby. They're on it. Come on. Come on. You two weigh in. Hello. One in a million. Well, he's got to be doing something. You know, I was sweet. I've never seen him any more. I wonder if he's on the alert. I don't know. I think they feast him off. He was during the hurricane. They stuck him right in the middle of the water. They see if they could drown his ass. And then after that, they stick him on her like we related night. They see him occasionally. And then they stuck him down in the coal mine. He still kept coming back. CNN trying to figure out how we can get rid of Ricky to keep saying. 560 50 50 50 50 50 Verizon singular wireless line. What are we like 80 million calls before? That's the only thing inspired me as opposed to going to my humongous, very ample pile. Oh, do do do do. Here's line nine. It'll be short. 2 AM. Hello. Yeah. He's on there. Yeah. He's on there. He hates you. He's discriminated you not me. I say he's my bud. He's my bud. Do I need to QAM hello? Go go go go go. Get him right. Do I need to QAM hello. Good morning. How are you? Okay. Happy new year, volatedly. I hate to say a rich fan. This is so, uh, during on CNN. I think I saw it this last week. You still down in New Orleans. Yeah. I think you're trying to figure out how deep they're going to let you know, rebuild New Orleans. I'm an inspector. I can't figure this guy out. Sometimes he be well. I think I know it's true colors from the war and commission, but, uh, you know, he's like a clown. And then he, uh, as a surgeon and he wants to talk about impeach for that. It's like you never know which way the wind is blowing. Yeah. And he said a lot of QAMO. You know, sometimes it affects your mind. Maybe the hair is growing inside as well as outside. I think he was that way before that. I've always been that way. With that magic full of baby, I said, and I'm going to the hell right in mid air. It took a U-turn. I did it. I'm a rookie. I did. It's one of them. It's one of them. It's one of them. Shatter on your pole. Yes, he is. Okay. I just wanted to make sure. I don't know. He's a strong coach right now. I got 54 votes. Excellent. All right. You have a good day sir. Thanks for the band. See, a rookie sense is they hit him with five shots. See if that guy would one car and the guy's dead, but Ricky still alive. Oh, the way is no justice. Before we get off the singing subject. Yes, let me open my door. Yes. I want to thank Dell for turning us onto the whole co-gain thing. But also on that very same site. Are you ready for this? Yeah. Why? To be far. To five. I don't know. What is that? He guesses? Oh, I've floored me. And I can't keep this all to myself. What's that? He even close her baby with head. Oh my god. You've made it. Get rid of it. Get rid of it. See, play and go back in this. No, no. No, no. No, no. I can't. No, no. What can he do? I'm an ounce of soup. Okay, that's enough of the game. I'm going to buy everything. Top on the Z plane. Well, he's there. Oh, we're not putting dead people on there. Put on. No. Why did you put a minor already? No. We don't have any dead people on the pool. Do we know it? No, the question is someone who thinks they can sing with can. Not somebody who likes used to think they like Elvis for example. You'd probably put Elvis on there and people still like he was. He just didn't say any good songs. Oh, I see. Well, that's a good point. And just like he probably could act. We never made any good movies. I'm not sure he could act, but we never found out. He acted like Elvis. Yeah. Silly. No, no, no, no. Some of the things they can sing with can't. Yoko Ono, 117, and 117, one of the truth. William Hong, 61. I doubt it. William Shatter, 56, has in Q 56. John Aschra, 48, J.R. 42. Kevin Feederline, 41. Kelly Osbourne's got 30 men. And she got my vote. Celine Dion 29. Oh, we're so we apologize for that. We apologize for the election on Monday night and we apologize for Celine Dion. David Hasselhoff, 25, Paris Hilton 22, Kathy Lee Giver 22. And by the way, whoever put the comment about my show sounds better with them in Miami. I am in Miami. So what do you know? These people have said, well, he's running his entire honor. We're doesn't sound like that. We're right. Guess what? I'm in Miami right now. I think the show sounds better when you're in your boxers. Miami and that too. 5 Bill and 20. Shack has got 18. 17 for Will Smith, Eddie Murphy, Tony and Danza 15. Read this bill then 15. Slice the loan and Enrique 12. Please send guy. Jamie Fox 11. Jamie Fox. She takes the freedom. Oh, don't say where she sticks it. I've just didn't think about nine. John's in nine. Dion Sanders must be the money in that 10-mobile seven. Bruce Willis, six, John, revolve before Patrick Swazie three. Joey Lawrence three. Mark Wahlberg two. Phil Michael Thomas two. Willie Nelson two. David. Soll. Solomon T. Dose. Also two for Vicky Lawrence. One for Hulk Hogan. Non-for John Hogan. Even the driver to one from Clear Channel. Greg Cotex says one of the singing silly sports nerd. The sports lady. Paul Servino one in Rick Sanchez. Just on there, but he'll start moving up. He's Neil Rogers. This is 5. 16. 24. 4. This is the Neil Rogers show. This is a boy. You've seen him on Channel 7 news. First, as a two-bit reported. Now, as a two-bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Faker and Mary K. combined. Rick Sanchez sings. Here, like Dose and Tones of the Man's, who brought you crime check. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. No one will come in. We'll find him. Rick Sanchez. Dylan O'Brien. Rick Sanchez. Dylan O'Brien. Rick Sanchez sings. David. Paul with the cloth. Dylan O'Brien. Don't miss Rick Sanchez in his pasty pace all over Hailear. It's one show you all want to miss Dave Corridor. The one. The one. The one. The one. The one. Rick Sanchez. He loves his audience. I accept you as a precious gift from God. It's 11.01 at five 60. You've got to read some of these are whoever's doing his running comedy would be a blog bear. Oh yeah, I'm going to Greg Co-Text. Well, at least if it were the humor in it whoever was. Are you reading these? I read them this morning. I guess there's more. Oh, there's a whole new. For example, here's one that says, Hey, Co-Tame, my source says, This is a bogus pool and you run the 70 per roll. Let's do lunch at the dog track posted by Tom Jickah. Oh, yeah. These are great. Here's what it says. He was my home boy. Call me home. Lay off my cashmere bouquet. I'll ride posted by Warren from Marty. Tell me, home. Yeah. I'll let's do whatever they're all cute. The man trumpeter is on there. All of our people. Just in a dating Greg Co-Text and your funny ass pool. It's this singing sports lady on 790. Oh, brother. What a joke. See, you can eliminate me from this bogus pool on your blog. The only thing you can't do though is eliminate me when the numbers come out. Oh, I see. Would they love to be able to do that? Well, we're just going to watch away 10 to 2 because that's not a sports show. So just take the eraser and erase those numbers on her. Erase that the 680 December and our one whatever day. What do I have a 1, 6? Pretty weak. I forgot. Of course in the end of two to three hour. Well, we don't want to start. Fuck that because that's the dog. Interesting. Today we got guilty in there. Boy, he's going to be long and the push. I'll guarantee that. After those panthers, two nights in a row and at least two nights you go in Tampa. They pulled it on over time. Thanks to all the not golly. But my god last night again. There was afraid I was sitting in the section 102 rocking back. Good. Again. As they put the biscuit in the basket and then pull it in the shoot out. How's it going, Ray Whitney? I hear he hates it and care a lot of everybody's making a lot of money. Out of great team. The inmate who strangled this is more good news than who's about to impreaching bush. Uh huh. This is almost as good. Maybe even better. It's not. You're going to say. Uh. The inmate who strangled the chameleast increased John Gagan was convicted of murder yesterday after failing to convince the jury who was delusional when he killed one of the central figures in the Boston Arts High C6 scandal. Now you say, why is that good news? Well, in the fact he got sentenced, we don't care about but just a reminder that he put care of John Gagan. Well, it's good news because in case they should convict another priest and put him in jail with this guy he'll be there for a long time. That's a good idea. Excellent point. He'll be there waiting. Joseph Druce 40 faces an automatic sentence alive from prison without parole. After hearing the verdict, he looked at the jury that rejected his insanity, he said, it's all right. Good job. Oh, like when they had those Tony hockey fights and they like beat each other in a blood as porn from their nose and they're like pulling the sweater over there. And then when it lines been finally separated, I'm like, good job. Good. And then I kind of like, good job. Well, what is that on the bad job? As the jurist part of the court, we said, no hard feelings have a good night. I hope you can sleep with their slide and say that. I should have seen the gigants prison cell at August 2003, Jan did or share with a book and then beat the 60 year old Gagan and strangled him with stretch out socks. He put the guards could step in after they waited for a while. Probably outside the door like laughing in Chuckland. Hey, pop. You know, okay in there. Hey, father. There's a attorney argue that he would. Huh? Nothing. I'm just picturing that. Oh, there's attorney argue that he was insane at the time and believe God had chosen him to kill Gagan and said, I'm going to tell the message to pedophiles around the world. Private shooters are over argued that Jerusalem is a caniving killer who planned the murder for weeks so it could be a big shot in prison. The jury or five women is so ventilated about seven hours over two days. I'd have eaten by the boop, put it up. At the time of the slaying, Gagan was serving up to 10 years in prison for fathering a 10 year old boy. But was accused in lawsuits in some 150 youngsters. It's just the Catholic priest, F. and way, what they worried about. Just goes with the territory. That's correct. In fact, you're going to be seeing that movie. If you ever decide to watch it, you're like, get to two movies now. And I'm busy watching City. God, right? And Josh gave me props for that. props for old pops. And what are you doing? You're not watching. Why not the one night and there was stuff on last night. You don't. When you hear what he watched last night. Instead of watching primal fear or what the other one came to you. Imagine your heroes. Who watched came to you? Which is a good movie. But then he comes in this morning. He'll give me a shout of the answer about how something but a propaganda for the name. I didn't say nothing but it's had about 50. Well, you know, something I never even crossed my mind. I've seen it about 80,000 real times. And I never even cried. I was in it for years. Oh, man. No. It's like a recruitment. No, because now you watch everything. We made political agenda. Every movie you watch, you better get. Keep in mind. No, keep in mind the time of the mind. I do. It was in the only 50s. Right. Right. At the time, everybody was very patriotic. We were anti-communist. We were Joe McCarthy. Yeah. I know all of that stuff. And it wreaked of it. Well, there you go. So maybe it wreaked. That's still like Robert Francis a lot. The drama was good. But every single one of them happens the same from supernatural. They go to an actor. Because he always croaked. They always give tart cranks. Maybe he'll get possessed. That could be it. Well, we've always called Father Miran. You know, in fact, I noticed in watching the exercises again the other night, early in the movie, before any long before there was any talk of any exercises. When she's going into the cap and how do you tell me it is? I didn't really think that was right. When they demon starts saying she's in bed, she went, I don't know. Remember that when he was taping the tape recorder and you were right. How do you like that? So she was also psychically Linda Blair. What was the story? That was the whole point. Yeah, there's somebody right there. I'm going to tell you if you're all like Linda Blair, we hate you like boys. I mean, you know, right? That's right. I bet you Josh even likes Linda Blair. Yeah, I do. See, what's not to like. She's just, yeah, I'm not talking from a sexual standpoint. I'm just talking about because she might be a little gay. Thank you, if you ask me, but nevertheless, No, no, you know what famous singer bag heard, don't you? Rick-a-ing, bitch, or baby little shays. Who was it? Rick-a-ing. Oh, I can't say it. She's got great taste. Remember that song, Tainted Love? Yeah, do. Soft. 70 Q A M, hello. I married an except you both, you know? I really did. You too? Yeah. Welcome, congratulations. I have any two-way M-hello. Hey, have I moved in bought for the pole? She's out of her. She sings? She's horrible. Okay, well, we've agreed with that. Rosanne Vargue, she may be asking. No, she did that national anthem thing, and it was a joke. Wow. Little bit of a w-a-n-a. Put around the distorole-time, shake. Okay, Rosanne, get through the half-bar. Let's see if anybody deserves to be on applause. Tom wait. Yeah! Okay, let's get Tom Waitz on there and all Colton's daughters trying to put together a singing career good luck with that great show was always signed dick Thank you, dick 567.056 the pound five six in the Verizon singular wireless line. I feel like we've been born again I was a girls. I know about that My check showed up on time yesterday thanks to tremendous self from our new general manager Joe Bell Who's done more for me in about two weeks and somebody didn't about eight years. I don't want to mention no names Greg, but nevertheless Somebody's like actually involved so the fact that our saleshold tries to add for it in our general manglier Christian Raymond Burwett of his name is there. What is the name Curtis Raymond Burwett okay? Ain't returning clients calls now. I don't think that's got a sit to well either because Some of these people are under the delusion I guess that they're out of the old regime and it can kind of like fake They remember I was talking about that last week right people fake in their way through life and taking a paycheck and not returning people's phone calls I'm gonna tell you right now anybody who's supposed to be a pro-functional on anybody's business Any business who doesn't return phone calls is a piece of crap okay, Troy Dominic who am hello Hey Neil can you show George that it was our rich Springfield not rich James when the boy was with? Sorry, and he's got rich James. That's what maybe you are a rich story I'd like to see that Ari She might have been with a rich Springfield, but she had a very long and passionate relationship with rich James Rich Springfield had very long one Listen to me you said rich James. I said rich James and I'm telling you she had a relationship with rich James that Shambler's real deal He's threaded around a little bit Well, he's not a duck anyway She's not one of those people that you were hoping was a duck, you know? I mean, I wouldn't be here. I wasn't gonna get her anyway So yeah, I'll be a nice for damn sure. Nobody Q. I am hello Hey Neil, you hear me about Michael Irving interview on Hank show rather than I hear what this sounds like reference It is yeah, okay. Do I have any Q a M hello Am his boyfriend look at said side by each innocent Q a M hello I ride pali I got some names for your pop. Yep. Lindsay low hand Glory a sappon Good He's a He's on or two while you're just jealous you're fairy Just jealous because he turned you down Let's be for the poor Canadian Danac rod and Jimbillushi. Oh, yeah, they're real singers The booze brother the dead brother. Well, what a man anyway Danac rod and Jimbillushi do we want to put them on here? I mean, I don't know what we could not I don't put that Comedy don't send me to put it Look like I said I knew William Shatton we get a lot of votes, but you know he doesn't think he can sing the poll question is Someone who thinks they can sing but can't will you? Shatton knows he can't sing they were throwing it's a comedy right don't you understand what you get it? No, they don't oh In fact, I know we got some bits Shab here. Here's one William Shapings recording Of Lucy and the sky with diamonds was voted the worst beetles cover of all time and now the fat former Captain Kirk has a whole CD of fat for covers It's Shatner warp stubby. Oh, say they you can drive mine Tom and what's the this is all you know I hear they my friend back he can hook it and maybe I love you pick up a copy of Shatton or what's the beetles and set your CD player on stun with this cover of told let me down Like Tom that will they stop advertising I'll get you fry line you'll need to call rest of my mom I'll you you can explore the galaxy and never find a collection of beetles songs performed as poorly as only William Shatton Can it's Shatner warp stubby rolls when I find myself in times of financial trouble I just appeared So I can let you know that when just for sure you hear about the people face cakes But then again they are my thanks six-door beetles cover album that politely goes where no beetles cover album has gone before Unless you count those crappy versions Leonard Neymoy did it's Shatner warp stubby rolls The These comments and is And is full at least to give me a little chocolate here now in a choral whoever he's a silly ass people some of our groupie They're the same five people probably the same one or two people It says Kimway forget keeping tool that Kevin Rogers is a wonderful talent what a joke and it says co-text blows meaning a gregg Who's this sign by our toast toast is the one who's a signed on that? This is really acute so keep those comments coming I'm sure the Miss co-text over to the singing the singing none We'll really appreciate it big time and Speak in a singer is look at this Brian and Pompano Beach taxes to tell us Did you see this before Oh, man, yeah, man is right Former US attorney general Janet Reno asked for a little respect last night Reno chose the you read through Franklin classic to sing for karaoke at an event honoring the 10th anniversary of the human services coalition The old human services coalition you found yourself at the Bank of America building in downtown Miami The human services coalition supports the work of other nonprofit organizations help type poverty there He goes there was Janet there doing karaoke to your retra and Respect she just don't get no respect Jenny, you know it no Now you think it's the Parkinson's or the pickup trucks Attorney General Janet Reno has put you to read forward pickup truck and plans to travel the country side when their turn man's later this month Hi, I'm Janet Reno World warrior before you head out on the open highway There's a few things you should know about first off. Make sure your empty before you leave my house Same simple enough Yeah, most people don't know driving with poopy pants is the 47 cleaning cause of accidents Santa wait avoid restats They're nothing but breeding grounds for circus clowns covered with cold source Remember if the if the stop there don't share their chance That's the 114 team cleaning cause of a incidents and if you've been rolled down for over a week and you're feeling the gets in your lines for some Hot sticky moody a warb do not I repeat do not pick up hitchhikers in Nebraska 7 out of 10 residents of the corn huskers they do not put out Trust me there a time-wester They all want a wait for their memory and trying to convince them that Jake's on loft is the 412 leading cause of accidents I'm Janet Reno and I'll see you on a road They look for Janet Reno red Ford pickup truck traveling the country side later this month 1118 at 560 WQA in Chaco spotted dressed as a woman. Oh You see this story? Not in that but the weather. My address was spotted champing in a Bahrain mall yesterday hiding in space behind a veil and dining a black robe traditionally worn by women in the Gulf reports the AP I'll say what word a burger. Yes, well, Jericho where's a burger? Well, he first maybe he was looking for a Durkin The earth's walking of pop was with three children apparently his apparently his own who also had their faces covered by dark scars and Unidentified woman accompanying them Jackson seems to be setting in the Persian Gulf was seemingly marina mall in the Bahrain capital of Manama Manama whatever that is manama now remember that Holding a child by the hand on the way out of back door. He sure cans with security guards a back door of course The woman also dressed in a black robe called an abaya jeans in a scarf that personally covered her face had the other two children All three children wrapped in black scarves and wore yellow shirts and sweatpants or khakis without robes Since his junior quiddle on child molestation charges in California Jackson has made several trips to Bahrain as guests of chic abdula binhamad al califa The son of Bahrain's king. He reportedly is negotiating a position as a consultant. Oh my god He's gonna teach him how to do it right. He's the Greg weed a Bahrain, okay? You call that a consultant? Wow As a consultant where they've arranged based company to plant set a theme parks and music academies in the Middle East and Mirrigar runs for little boys on the mall outing Jackson wearing a biop pants a white shirt and men's shoes Oh at least he wouldn't wear and pumps or high heels He said in face were wrapped in black. They'll also he wore black gloves The veil of buy and gloves were bestowed typically worn by conservative Barrani women The woman asked photographers to respect their privacy until the minute we're scaring the children before they lived in a white car with darkened windows Maybe they were joined some Jesus juice inside. What do you think? Freshly squeezed them sure. I'm sure they were squeezing it 5 6 7 0 5 60 5 60 leave rise in singular wireless line and of course when the little kids are walking around with all that you know She must have been a little bit of face You can't really see who they are whose kids they might be you know what I'm saying? There's a good plan for him WQAM hello Boy nil Yes, sir, what's a name I great you did out here fart sounds and sporting a wedding and Memphis yesterday You must be dreaming. I'm on a great. Hey me. I'm on a great. I must be not thought maybe on 7 90 you might have heard that Make sure so I'll didn't hear no fart sound. I know what I'm sure Oh Where's your pants man? Because on his Sunday show. Okay. Well, we don't want to hear about Oh no Little tight. He's a big sports guy But no camper Yeah, he's a tall. I don't want to get to go there. Okay. Believe me. I'm not that in any respect WQAM hello. I'm easily intimidated QAM Yes, sir Yes, but the boy. Okay. Yeah, that was good But if you ask them the pause he'd go down He got that little gasm of oxygen there in his throat and then learn our really really We work on a pali practice makes poetry. Okay work on it Something to me like he was here's a really I don't know what have I always said even good pole pull all across facts people Right when they overdue it. I still we start getting a little bit antsy about that Every single day and always good though Yeah, it says idea for a pole like I said we love this Ryan and guy Famous actor actress never one mask, but then oh, I'd have to do a lot of research Yeah, that sounds like work the other one's not a bad idea most annoying software to Maybe you were TV print personality I'd say just print personality like red co-tex We never did that one though. We have worse movie you haven't paid to see. Oh, that's good And it's his Linda Blair dated risk-springfieldness 70s and Rick James nearly 80s Maybe she wanted to like mix and match a little black and white cookie Maybe she like Rick So anyway there go Linda Blair it is the Linda Blair report 567 well Rick fastest that's five report on great co-tex That's the most important facts we've had all day a bit a lot a long time Rent co-tex is a regular on 790 he's the singing sports writer a lame attempted song Parodies he and his boyfriend La Bassins that they're and lick each other on the air and this group Actually tries to sing he put in full efforts to his high pitched voice very very sad It says Rick so I don't say it about Rick That's an excellent fact and if we wouldn't know nobody would know because nobody listens over there except for Right nobody that paper of not and that's for sure Nobody who speaks English anyway and nobody who doesn't speak English reads it either 5670560 pound five 60 only Verizon and singular wireless law in a singularly S sensational Thursday, man. We can feel it. We can smell it or feel something. Yeah, and smelling it to I am hello All right Anybody say a rodeo Donald What is that lady terrible? Yeah, but what is she saying? Everything poorly it's never she had her show there for that brief She said I like apple merman song. There's something she did Lord yeah, let's put around it rosio Donald is for old times a how to side out of mine fatdle day Rosio Donald and any rosy crackton rosy rosy Greer What will he was rosy Greer and he was in symbol with O. J one those horrible was it up week All right, you know kind of movies I'm talking about those horror movies The natural disaster move out of this disaster and winning Crack on rosy it every is there's the old man that I can hear it in the background from a million miles away That beauty Q a M hello What oh and back to you yeah, but you might have inspired me to go to Taco Bell that I haven't been there in so long and a long time Yeah, I sing was the captain for the poll. Yes, sir The singing tough guy Chuck Norris Chuck Norris man. He pounds out a quarter out It's a sound Yeah Thanks, you can think but I'll be sure. No, okay. Thanks, pali you got a buddy Does what Chuck Norris put it on there put it on there put it on there just like Frankie I'm and put it on just did you Five six seven all look at it's minus nine already and sunny sun a shine is gonna be all the way up to Something that they seven 45. That's tomorrow There's a little try to weather report as captivating radio wasn't that the word on that the phony and then inside fact Yes, three all captivating radio. Oh, yeah, right guess what captivates this Today that I need a broadcasting seminar from across the street where they couldn't get a number in a fixed book It'll be the day like buddy Holly said buddy Holly my ran. Yeah By the way, too many blame across the street. How many Q a M hello? Hello, yes, sir. Oh a dollar roll number. No, okay. Don't do it again But anyway, here's another part in you for you like I used to say on Hollywood Square is remember Peter Marshall Here's some parting gifts for you right maybe didn't say parting maybe he said and I don't do it Oh, don't do it This is Neil Rogers This is five 16 And thank the dean And Welcome for something green Oh, she's a nose pickle She's digging down You know We got 929 votes on release poll and we're gonna make over a thousand by I'll be probably you're close to noon That pretty good. He Josh is impressed He's almost as excited about that is the fact I'm watching city of God Well, excited about that well, no the reason I told you this and I'll say it on the ear the reason that I watched it because it's sitting in there And the you know the disk that you said and I hate to break the news to you But you almost really screwed it up because you know the copy of burn for me. Yes, well, I got to about 10 minutes maybe 50 minutes into it Then all of a sudden there was a part where like you know how screw up DVDs are yeah, that's there and they serve fees Oh, and I I almost like to say well, I have to go to the store tomorrow and buy me a little kind in it straight now I'll call me a little bit quite a while about two-three minutes in it So let me know what I'm sorry Anyway, some of the things they can seem that they can't besides red coat taxes got up here a small very small pair That's what Danny LeBastard said. Yoko on 130. God third man Let's try it over again bring John Lennon back. Let's let them look at out of that limo Okay side by each and give it another shot right Ashley Simpson one 16 where you have 16 Where you'm shattered 65 John asked profit E3 don't let you ego get sore J-o 48 or least only your bird get Kevin Feeder line 47 tell you I was born 34 Celine Dion 33 How about you even deions pissed off about her Could she been much Celine Jones or something? Celine kitchen or good Canadian name David has to law 29 Lisa Marie Presley 26 Curricelton 23 Kathy figure for 23 Bob Dylan 23 Ian Jack has got 22 he can bring it. He can sing it Not read this film in 2020 will Smith 18 20 days 18 any Murphy 18 in week eight degrees Yes, and John's in 14 a piece same guy Jamie Fox Speak at the level 13 Okay, sliced alone 12 or 16 says 11 just in Tigger, but 10 Bruce Wells and Dion Sanders seven of peace John we will to four Joey Lawrence four Packer sleazy three Lindsay Lowe and two rose and two Greg co-tex is got like us at a tiny pair Mark Wahlberg two Philip Michael Thomas two will he Nelson two David soul two Vicky Lawrence two Hulk Hogan one Paul Servingo one and none for Chuck Norris Rosyudel or Tom weights 91 Willie sings and Tom weights all the time form the die nice mood ring though willie I Was at a mood ring in his case, or is that just a headband the scarf I think I think he kind of like precedes mood rings I think it really had like ring around a color Overly Nelson you think he ever took a band All right doesn't look like it now people who look like they never took a bath that'd be good pole gym to feedy the fetus I can't believe it just I don't know I'm gonna have to hate needs is spanking you know Maybe the beast can do it. I'm a homo. No, I'm seriously spanking some of the people that he likes sticks up for just All the way nice for a better cross over you know that be better if we disagree that everything Especially when he starts in that horse racing crap anyway Sharpened criticizes boom dogs for inward use oh no Animated series head doctor Martin Luther King Jr using the epithet Aren't you peo to about that now boom dogs is a Black comic strip last time I tried brought by black guy can I do the story right? Why don't you the Revenant Al Sharpton is asked for an apology from cartoon network for an episode of EG animated series the boom box that shows the Revenant Martin Luther King Jr saying the N word Ooh Cartoon network must apologize and also commit to pulling episodes that Desacquate black historic figures sharpen civil rights activist and former Democratic presidential candidate who also needs a bath in a haircut Sedan statement Tuesday We are totally offended by the continuous use of the inward and cartoons Aaron McRuder show he said the episode The return of the King air january 15th the day before the national holiday on ring the slain civil rights leader It shows King emerging shrunk from a coma and using the inward and angry speech letting his frustration toward sexually explicit hip hop videos among other things In the episode King is granted as a trader and terror supervisor for his turn the other cheek philosophy of non violence and Response to post a 9-11 retaliation Exhaustity moves to Canada, but his feet provoked a second civil rights revolution Cartoon network released a statement Tuesday saying the episode is a tribute to King and a no way was meant to offend a Disacquate his name we think Aaron McRuder came up with a thought provoking way of not only showing Dr King's bravery But also reminding us of what he stood in thought for and why even today It's important for us to remember that and to continue to take action the statement said McRuder has been called a genius in the anguish black van in America as he skewed everything from the bush white house to black entertainment Television again writing to boondox comic strip on which the TV series is based in 19 97 the strip known for its risky political and social Santar Fowl's the adventurers of two black children living in a white middle class suburb Sharpened city could appreciate the gruder and his achievements but added this particular episode is over to line How do you like that? Overline man start told it the boondox here Sunday 11 p.m. on Cartoon Network. It's the centerpiece of the adults swim late night block a programming Isn't that the lack of adult swim When you say right I think you're twins. Yes 5670560 pound five 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line on a singular least spectacular Thursday January 26 we got the guilty at two in the wrote rotating a spot in the most spot Don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't And we got the guilty followed by the mad dog for the seven hurricane hotline and birthday a beast in our all that stuff At the birthday close our steak house 7 to 10 any k10 o'clock our word when lineup. I'm moving on no stew god We ain't got no juice in those toast and no omelet. What do we got of and we got no mark in the dark whatever his name is mark Eisensteinburg or Sid Rosensteinburg Oh like I said the none of go am over there I noticed that most of the comments on that the boog is polar by Greg Kotik said sense it back to New York I'm telling you ain't to come and said I don't want to be like neurotic and gambling and drinking again, but you're not cutting it they hate you like poison two New Yorkie, you know Some people are a little bit Do you work WQAM hello It's quite expensive WQAM hello Hello, yes, sir I've been in GA card wing anonymous I didn't help though evidently 567.056 pound five six didn't he Verizon ticket or wireless line WQAM hello Yeah, sir, I'm going for the folder which one which tool are we on how the one about the singing? Yeah, I'm not Dr. Shapiro Yeah, how about it? 567.056 the owner calls are coming in from across the street that's good. Well again nothing else to do In between like they're they're probably like Treating the pool. I'll say let's find Dan Lobash to the standing here. I would have a gun to our have let's go for Danny while we like him a lot For the joke Yeah, you come up with all the phony bogus newspaper polls in the all the Hullabalu and oh Neil's talking about us now and guess what that in 40 cents of by about a quarter of a look where I'm cup of coffee schmuck 567.056 the pound five 60 and he Verizon ticket or wireless line. Oh, they're smoking now. They must be really busy Spook away. D. Foe you run away out is what I'm hearing Do any QAM hello I can't be busy as matter of fact What I'm hearing from Joe Bell is that they have an open window and ethos contract in both stations divided into jump out of it W to QAM hello QAM at a couple in the fall go ahead Top right in there looking Martin John Harrison John who John Edison Aniston turn David's oh John Davidson. Oh John Davidson he could tell a lot about a quarter of an ounce of sounds John Davidson sure was pretty there for about a half an hour That's way before your time. No, but I know who he is you do John Davidson John Davidson He was a pretty face because he's saying aware of the near that giant hearing and then big head of here back in the 70s when a lot of people had a big head of here Or the real long land chop sideburns I say that because you could always be kick out of that who died there was that what's your name that died with the puppets with land chop? Oh, I'm sorry Cherry yes get Cherry North Derry rhymes with you fair. Huh, right? Cherry Lewis that's it. That's it. That's it. Yeah, she'll end shop. She was just cute. I mean she wasn't even like like I'm gonna save them. You know, she would look better Anyway John Davidson that was the only said that was absolutely Martin Oh, now see now you're gonna get me started and by the way I'm I'm still waiting for golden showers Fire Ricky Martin. Oh, that's right chicken that's what hey that's what it was Booker Brian I thought I got a bit I suppose to tell you about a bit Oh, why is wrong with you? He should have hurt anyone Huh, he should have hurt it anyway. He said he should have been listening. He should have been glued to the radio He's probably a busy-free-pinned red coat Texas puller on a hurl on that blog Good god 19 till noon if you are This is real This is You You Re� It I'm gonna tell you what people are saying Like, as the Genesis says We have black people It's common to know Show the God is bad The compares the most to low-early walk-up on Chocolate It's a good day Yes, we need to gain Ray, May, May, May There's the one to make a new or leave face to Earth It's pure, pure, pure It's pure, pure, pure, pure It's time for us to rebuild a new world The one that should be Uptown, in all way, ever they go This city will be chocolate A chocolate new world He navigates the bread Ray, May, May, May, May, May Chocolate, Happy end of the day Touch off the ends of God be angel All born for days We digs in the world Ray, May, May, May, May The one that should be Ray, May, May, May, May The one that should be Ray, May, May, May, May Just can't have new all There's no other way It's within 12 13, don't know that 56, you never need QAM Happy Thursday To the Pope Benedict the 16 That Nazi Pope and Mbdi Isano's beautiful, lovely Red slippers I was wondering if you were going to get to this story What? Yeah? Why? Why would I not? Well, am I holding back? I don't know, can you like and see? Well, like Pope says I should hold back Pope Benedict the 16 Hermann Garing Jr. Worn in his first and sickle in sickle Where yesterday that sex without unconditional love Resurning men and women into merchandise Is this a story we're thinking about? No, it's not What's the other one? The one where he said Hitler's in heaven Fine and see that story How can heaven? I better go find it Oh, we're not going to hook up with him Afro Oh, Mama, we're not going to hook up with him Fine to him Good, that's where that Nazi Pope came in You know, that's how he got there for votes I didn't see that story, but I find it Afro in a 701 page document God is love I think he was referring to Damn God Benedict his story The relationship between the erotic love Between men and women referred to by the Tier term eros And the Greek words of the unconditional self-giving Lug a gap Oh, I'm sorry, agape I was kind of a gap when I read this Agape Got it? I got it I got it I got it I got it Agape He said the two concepts are most unified in marriage between men and women Well, what about how would he know about that? In which a covetous love grows in the self-giving love of the others Well, as gods, unconditional love for mankind Oh, what a pile of swill And all these millions of kids are coming in Oh, papa, papa And all these get skis are coming in What are last few shackles to head over to the Catholic Church So if me and by some more poor know The ignoves at Christianity and the past has been criticized It's having been of end course to get all those priest-over Caust a lot of money to keep that staff a lawyer is going The ignoves at Christianity and the past has been criticized It's having been opposed to the body, the erotic form of love And it is quite true that tendencies of this sort of always existed But he says the current way of exulting bodily love is Dceptive. Eros reduced to pure sexes become a commodity A mere thing to be bought and sold A rather man himself has become a commodity. How much? But third man. Here we are actually dealing with a debasement of the human body No log visit integrated into our overall existential freedom No log visit a vital expression of our whole being But is more or less relegated to the purely biological theory He said and they also said by the way, how about them swish guard, huh? Hmm. Benedict explored the two aspects of love that then explained how the Roman Catholic Church's charitable activities are based on love And our fundamental part of its mission. I think the acquisition was based on love And the crusades was based on the or your own rule And all those priests that are molesting all them little boys, them alter boys, is based on love He said the Church had not as heir to govern states, but at the same time Could remain silent in political life because its charity is needed to ease suffering The in-secret rule eagerly watched for clues about Benedict's major concerns Characterizes it's early pontificate in one is which he seeks to return to the basics of Christianity And he would a verbally uncontroversial mediation on love and made for greater works of charity in an unjust world Even Vatican officials of express surprise at the topic considering Benedict was the Church's chief doctrinal lockdog And could easily have doubled into a more problematic issue such as bioweit accidents first authority of text In the in-secret rule, Benedict said the Church's work caring for widows the sick and orphans was as much a part of its mission as celebrating the sacrament molesting young children and spreading the gospels However, he stressed that the Church's charity work has most never used their work to proselytize Apportiate a particular political ideology. Love is free. It's not practice is a way of achieving other ends you are But that's why all those all those bishops were telling me, but I don't go for carry. He's you know, he's for a vision Most never be used to push a particular political ideology unless of course it's a hug and you will feed us Isn't that something that something he rejected the criticism of charity found in Marxist thought which holds that charity is merely an excuse for them by the rich to keep the poor in their place when the wealthy should be working for a more just society But at Marx that grouch your marksman. He knew his crab didn't he? Yes, he did. You communist that baby you kind of we knew it all along you communist that start though you you better life So here you go and if you got to story about the Pope and Hitler, I'm looking for a good word. Where did you see that? Where do you find somebody told me about it? No, I got to look it up. Yeah, somebody probably made it up Hitler's and heaven my ass But you understand if he accepted Christ on his death right, but of course the problem is there wasn't any death that we know because he and Eva like I think like that so how now would we know that how would we know that? Well God knows all and he tells us oh I see well if God knows all how come he's allowed Lucifer to do all this evil crap and create all these diseases and these evil nasty little creatures that crawl about Does the Lord made them all Well, let's play that the rest of the day Okay, there you go again. Priscilla, ties you on here using your show is a bully pole pit to need bunk all over the resource crab amen Let us pray and by the way send all the money you got For my 30th anniversary send me a thousand dollars of peace and I won't come back Let's see 977 votes on the pool We'll get to a thousand like I said around the new wish would be too bad, huh? And then maybe we can like move on that one for tomorrow. It's not another movie polo I think you're making me do too many movie polls It's part of my plot Is that what it is? Because you know we got like 50 people out there and they turned off when we talk about movies because who the hell cares about movies? Oh, fully That we like having something we said vanilla ice cream How many QA and movie line hello So many QA and hello Yes, for two please put Gary loose on the pole. I've been trying to get a hold of you through the grass out Are you running a vlog or saw that we need to vlog the guy? No Gary Lewis hasn't had a record in a hundred years. Okay, schmuck see This is what you got if you look at that blog and you see the comments which many of my very amusing this this is the kind of creature that is a blogging That's why in and there's one comment under our Neil get your own blog. No no thanks We already have been through that. No. Thank you 72 a.m. Hello 2 a.m Yes, sir Neil I heard schmuck under you can't say that yes, sir. No, I was you You know I was watching David letterman last night and I'm sorry Hello, you wasn't trying to pencil to the window again. Was he now? Good I was watching the show last night That's about your role for a couple days ago when you were talking about the shocking moments on TV I wish I could go back because I really think that every time you know he has a bit about Bush and what he said on TV. I really think that every time he speak on TV is a shocking moment Okay, I got to speak in a letterman. I thought you were gonna mention when Danny boy was on your Dan Radar And I hope found and cry Yeah, dude. That was pretty shocking. You see a new a new Zanker on your like Fine as I was out almost as much as when they came to Merley I think a shock in every time Bush No, yeah, I thought I wanted to set there. There is an old expression where there's no sense there's no feeling good luck I like Like that Danny boy Danny boy. I missed Danny boy. I tell you Is a matter of fact No, I don't we do want to play because you guys are too obsessed with it your ears of sense with that But design would I rain you want to just play what the the Danny boy good do it What any boy good the one about Dan Radar uh, you know, oh that one. Yeah, that's good Now, and that doesn't make that sound you just made it's that rolling huh? Before he speaks I'm I was about to say was I get really emotional because I used to watch it was like part of my life Air-re single line if I'm in a house 6 30 I watch the CBS even news I realized they were like always a week theory, but I don't give a crap. I like Dan Radar There wasn't a dancing wrong with that news. Yeah, that's Dan thing wrong with it There wasn't a dancing wrong until they put this old folio key dokey off an okia Yes, there's Dan Radar former CBS evening news anchor man and now a punch line My former networks inability to find a suitable replacement for me Demonstrates my true genius and complete in total domination as an army air talking head But let us speak about some of the names who had been mentioned to replace me first Bob Schiefer Nice enough man, but please he's got less hair than Madonna's armpits and everyone knows you can't conduct the train if you use rogue games another name that has been banied about his John Roberts who currently anchors the Sunday CBS evening news There's a reason he's belongs Sundays for so long plus he's Canadian and everyone knows when the camera light goes red You can't be a host head Then there's Scott Kelly from 60 minutes He was the guy who helped me make up the story about President Bush I think Plus he's skinny or than Kelly Riffle and everyone knows you have to have a meaty can if you want to be the man And let's go from the ridiculous to the supply The truck runner to succeed me seems to be current today show co-aker K. K. K. When I first heard her name and the same sentence as mine I threw up in my mouth a little bit This person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight of each of J. Lowes but she Plus her head's too small their eyes are too close together and she wreaks of jean a tape When charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon that's important to remember you can't You can only hope to find someone who was involved Canadian skinny or so completely self-centered She thinks her name should be part of the pledge of allegiance For now this is Dan rather signing off and reminding you a wishlist to blow a gong this debate and Katie Kirk has about as much to offer the world as a fraud with pins in its extremities laying on a high school lab table This is Dan rather This is new This is She Is it Jamie I like to relax by having Mary Magdalena massage my balls while listening to the new rotis wealthable an hour This is so Come out to it five sixty-one two a.m. happy Thursday man as much as zoom and buy won't be long before we tend to be a sin and another Town sheet for January Who you gonna set it to well on course you said a day I haven't gotten a number from joy yet that the fact number Maybe you can handle that today sometime No problem if the fact number for accounting and I consider right to dead because we don't want to have that pimped that In immediate part time for the right to involve because he can't send to he keeps life at his arse with everybody's time shoots or something Maybe's Eden them He's not a time sheet died now. I did do we'll be a pope in the and Hitler and of course I knew what it was going to be about right It was not the story that you were talking about but I know all right well, it's from the New York Post It's an old story, but it's certainly well well we're repeating and if anybody's upset about it, they can blame you Pope Pius the 12th Help eight off Hitler game power and did nothing to stop Nazi atrocities because he believes use got what they deserved and Explosive New book charges which it's not new, but I forgot what year this came up The shocking book Hitler's Pope the secret history applies the 12th by John Cornhole a Cornwell is accepted the October issue of entity fair magazine Cornwell a best-selling author and Vatican of Zervers said he was given access to secret church files Because he had initially planned to defend the pope again charges. He was silent about death camps But after his I remember well this was that long ago But after studying Pope Paul the truss own files and deposition taken under 30 years ago To support his eventual canonization Cornwell said he was in a state of moral shock Cornwell says that when the Pope Eugenio Pachele came to power 1939 He knew about Hitler's plans for a final solution and was beg repeatedly by vissips and Germany Even by an unnecessary from prison to Franklin Roosevelt to use his authority to condemn Nazi atrocities, but he said nothing and Never acted to stop who did fall for the Jews okay who did fall which there's some of those who did more one at Blog by the way you got to read those you'll be a mall all along go back to that, please But he said nothing and ever acted to stop Catholic clergyman who collaborated racial certification to identify Jews before they were sent to death camps But surely who began Pope the 1939 met with Hitler several times and first agreed to help him in 33 he said nice more stash when he was a Vatican diplomat to book says Also he ordered that all the food of the Vatican they used eight-all seasoning To tenderize their he promised Hitler he disfatted German Catholic political party to deal at protected the Vatican's rights in Germany When he did millions of Catholics joined the Nazi party The only denunciation Pachele major in the war was a bland Christmas Eve radio message in 42 that didn't mention Jews But merely mourn the plight of hundreds of thousands who without any fault of their own Sometimes only by reason their own nationality or race are marked on for death or gradual extinction Cornwell said Pachele was silent because he was patently and by the proof of his own words Anti Jewish In a letter Pachele wrote in 1919 he described a group of revolutionary Jews in Munich as a gang of your women of dubious appearance Jews like all the rest of them with provocative demeanor and suggested smiles led by young man about 30 35 also were snimmed a Jew pale dirty with vacant eyes horse voice Volga repulsive with a face that is both intelligent and slie got him as the man now goldstein One people reported about the Jewish question written under Pachele's authority says the Jews are responsible for their own faith Blinded by their dream of war the gain and material success They deserved the worldly and spiritual rule that they brought down upon themselves he wrote When the Nazis invaded Rome in 43 and moved to the Port of Thousand Jews who live near the Vatican The German ambassador in Rome throwing a backlash from the general Italian population pleaded with the folk to a shape public protest he did not He did not and the Roman Jews were sent by Calacar to Auschwitz Only 15 survived one of those a woman said sit to Mia Spettikino Who served as a human guinea pig of Dr. Joseph Mangala is in a recent interview Spittikino said Pius was an anti-Semitic Pope A pro German Pope. He didn't say if a single child nothing not a zippity due to as he said Vatican officials declined to come I said they hadn't read Cornwall's book the Vatican high-evers consistently defended the conduct of Pius 12 claiming his behind the scenes were Same thousands of Jews or maybe at least a couple of more or one or two a few a small handful A pinch yeah, a little pinch you'll do it. That's what they say to the Swiss guard. Can we pinch that okay five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty in the variety we name this blow is a no-law Look at for Hitler and heaven never get him out Hitler and heaven. Okay. You don't look for him there Look from in purgatory. He's in God's waiting room. He's got an appointment Probably just like to our strategy's got an appointment speaking of a purgatory You know leave it to Josh Cortis who gets the Astara the name the purple star and a gold jelly bean or the other way around For outing Troy stratford being a total slacker, you know So you don't really get to me these sales people like come to me. Oh, would you please do this? Would you please and okay, whatever you want okay? I'll do whatever you want get put some money in your pocket and gonna make me know money I'll put some on your pocket And then then they don't then they don't service the account They don't get no copy. They don't return people's phone calls. They just see this is the old regime and some of you people Who don't understand? We got a new regime and they're now in a new general manager who's got a whole different attitude like about really doing business Is supposed to monkey business. Well some of you people are gonna be in the outside looking at one day And they're gonna stick that card in the you know that little card We got that the video in that past crack and it's not gonna fit and if it doesn't fit your full-ash mitt I like that choice Bradford and that sales man goes back there Not to mention our part-time program director for Joe man. He's a good guy. I feel sorry for him He inherited like a real. Oh, you don't say oh, I don't you're saying yeah, he inherited a real mess But he'll get a straight note got my p there on time yesterday when somebody else was right Yeah, I think I can do But you're gonna get it clear and so tell you that you're simple then Let's see let's take a look at waxing how they're doing There's sports there's fourth all the jacks catch all the time all the bogging. Let me tell you right now anybody who's obsessed with sports is gay I guarantee I know believe you me anybody about our listen anybody that wants to spend a lot of time Taking showers naked with other guys is gay. There is no question about what about if you just want to watch No, that like I said that's even more proof right there That's a gay club you moron exactly. I'll say by the affirmation about our esteem the great one See that's the real great one, okay? This and by the way Reverend is filled with the D who have the literate one? probably was him put that thing on the blog The reverence Jones with the T on the end. Oh my god at least scull it right you jackasses you we'll literate morons W. K. I am hello 2 am hey new yes, before you pulled that was this basketball player that wanted to take time off To promote his rap album you got him on the phone. I can't think of his name Ron our test it wasn't him it was a chick It wasn't him now it was like three it was like a girl group that he was promote well the mine is I don't understand I'm not following your logic there. He was producing their record and you was trying to get that That was he wasn't seeing it. No, well, then that case they don't dig you can sing you probably this all a big flavor could they sing? Probably not probably not too good Well, that Ron our test man Someone who thinks they can sing but they can't we got a thousand three votes Right on body. No, we can start thinking about tomorrow Don't stop thinking about tomorrow Are we out against we're a gas? Yoko on a 142 she could sing if you stuck at oozing away That's what he fits place kind of what she's saying like she said if the food fits fight it Actually since in 144 got the same number just the numbers turned around a little bit William home 73 William shatter 71 John ascroft 61 J. Well, you know, this is real it means you're not pop pop. Yeah, this guy He wants to be out like 24 seven now, but you knew a decade or so that's just a clip Man, I thought he was still rambling on Oh, I'm gonna ask out 61 J. Low 52 Kevin Peter line 49 Kelly Osborne 35 Celine Dion 33 David Hasselhouse guy Lisa Marie Presley 27 Never scienceologist. Dyke Perisotten's funding for Kathy league for 23 shack 23 who's got 23 Bob Dylan 23 also Well Smith and we just go in 20 ap. Same guy 20 then 18 that he Murphy 18 Ricky Tiki Sanchez 17 boy could he both an outer one In fact then Stuart the late answer arrest and peace only that Rick Sanchez used to fart up a storm But it used to all run for cover and Reak it at least he's in down johnson 15 ap. Jamie Fox 14 and I'm not I'm absolutely not playing No, no, maybe later Uh Just in think about 11 for conceived about an outer what she could sure open up a booby flap Bruce Willos a D on Sanders seven Lizzy low and five low hand. I'm sorry They know how to pronounce her name you know, Sam yeah, no matter No, she's still sucks John for all the fibers and for joy Lawrence for Patrick Swazzy three He's crazy Patrick Swazzy he ain't no John Cameron Swazzy. He takes a look at and don't keep on ticking Oh, speaking that I got a new watch. I'll do a sandwich you show on my watch all right Remember I told you my watch guy that's right most people when they're watch guys they go on they get new battery right for a few bucks not me I want you got a few bucks I give it away to somebody and Then I give me a great new watch. I never had one of these before it says two dozens can I tell you about it eventually? Set us into what? Can't of that Hulk Hogan tube Greg Hotex two Mark Wahlberg two Philip Michael Thomas two will in also in two David's soul Don't give up on him please two Vicky Lawrence two remember tonight the lights went out in your studio Yeah, Rose O'Donnell one Paul servo land non-project Norse and Tom waits people are saying like who that Tom wait so I know who that is I don't I don't think you do Somebody think of such a Things in Tom waits. That's any I'm sorry Promise pass no in a five 60 W Q a and we got Gueldy today from two to four. He's gonna be following at the month about your Florida Panthers and about the very scant gathering they had last night See how do you expect him to win the games and keep those leads at the end again when you people won't show up You follow you front-riding phony jackasses man that are rough time there on a road trip although they did when that came in Tampa And then they come home to a scan gathering man pathetic Is that what the hopper said who was at the game? Who was tell me about that? I know what it is. I was in here seven bedtime stories last night and I turned on any K and he was talking about how they ruined the game and how it used to be a great game Hey, any or great guy? I love your old and Jewish and everything but you but you know about hockey If they wouldn't have changed the game and open it up and let the players play and that got some scoring and some excitement in there and the overtime You and stick to what you know about it again, okay Don't talk about hockey please And then of course some butler could close up. Oh, you're so right. I'd used to be a yeah, yeah, yeah, mama Your mama so socks and hell Hey, when you're shopping speaking of socks for shoes What a and this is just amazing to me and how I just keep falling into a bucket of all the turn Get over to brandy shoes for the most comfortable fit your favorite stylish shoes because you can't be brandies with a stick Brandy's carries a humongous selection of all the major shoe brands like rock port floor shine echo muffisto SAS new balance all the other big names in the shoe business and brandy's professionals who fit it So make sure you have a customized video your comfort you every time ask for Arney Say that that will fat kneels send me in until they ask for Arney and Arney will make sure you have a perfect fit at an unbelievable price every time and Whatever style you pick out. They're gonna have your size on the shelf You're in tea because they have such a humongous selection The pros at brandies really do understand fit and comfort they even specialize in wide width as well If you have big disgusting fat ones Brandy's worth of trip from anywhere in South Florida So don't forget not for that unbelievable combination comfort style fit value when selection It's always brandies shoes still going strong in that fabulous location at 1290 North federal highway and pump Probeats the rope and daily Monday through Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5 and every week there's another special value of Brandies This week it's very top-sideers both men's of women's styles to save you an extra 10 to 20 bucks a pair Only this week and only a brandy shoes and prestigious Pompeo Beach Tim carry legs of decided to cut back on the caffeine Yeah, especially after our last interview. Here's the video. How is about pet detective too? Morning you I'm seriously stressed out here too. That's my coffee cup. I could force that into your brain right now. What I had recovered I pe out of a tube though are you listening more than I'm saying whoa you are funny or before I go home Come I team there. There's somebody overstate is welcome by about 20 years Jim carry. He's like Jim carry briefly Do you know he's Canadian? Yes, I did. Oh, well, maybe that's his problem Virginia Senate passes gay marriage ban The state Senate all but guarantee yesterday that Virginia will hold an November referendum on whether to amend it's 230 130 year old Bill of Rights to bar seam sex marriages the Senate voted to follow the House of delegates in approval legislation of place the amendment on the ballot while each chamber must still pass the measure already approved by the other Anestation the wording is identical in Virginia and then the surprise to you in fact carrots was just in Virginia. He probably voted a cast of deciding vote The action of Virginia came was a Merlin Republican said they had the votes to force consideration of a similar measure in the state Senate Yes, Virginia. There are no gay people Only Madacones with cheese 18 state constitution defined marriage is a union solely between a man and a woman a woman though Many amendments and by the way don't let those people out there just be merchandise don't be uglant people in the shopping mall or where But it held your hangout a lot of cuz that's what the Pope says people aren't like merchandise He's right you better get with it mr. You're laughing now. You're gonna be crying later on when you're down there burning How you'd be doing your linda Blair And then they'll be throwing all that tap water on you be like that Now I want you to stop and think about this I mean granted you think the movie was a comedy But in retrospect I just think I understand but he's throwing the tap water and when she thinks it's holy water Father care versus it's her and he's like but it being a new net hole was silly thing and She went And then he goes downstairs or whoever he's talking is his What was it the mother he was talking to okay Ellie Burston sure all over and says it's was Tampa water Or for we saw it was only Tampa so it saw in other words Where's the where's the beef you know? I guess you can psych Satan out Really I never knew that well of course the psych 18 state constitution defy Mary just got through we know what we don't care about the crap Mary this Mary What's your name what are a pump and a park very nightling After Chris pen I would mention yesterday was found be it and then of course the follow-up They always like to follow up because we're very newsy on this show where you'll newsy You old man on here talking about the weather in Toronto we need a bunch of bedtime stories and beat them Beat the crap out of those people across the street and the ones everywhere we beat By the way, do you know that we beat the I would even remember also? No, I didn't they had those two big will I mean they did okay we beat them I think six eight to five nine There's some more numbers for all you number people in that December following the whole will of business So we're doing this fine okay? I mean the next trend is gonna be a debacle for everybody because I know members still gonna be oh Steering everybody in the face but then on ethylsoff will be fine and some other people like that like a big kiss In December from the Dalton's gonna be like oh, I see all these polls the newspapers don't mean squat nobody's listening to this crap That's right Because you're narrow casting don't you get there you really that stupid or what you're narrow casting You're gonna be narrow casting a bunch of silly mannequins who sit around with jacks grabs on play with each other's uh, you know Dingleberries Now that that's what you're doing narrow casting All these silly ass guests well I'm gonna tell you one thing mad dog's got to stom on that right these guests It's like a curse like a death wish But having jackmarked him well we have commitments to the panthers ready? Let's scroll the panthers that's my comment. Throw the panthers How to have for me before to take our valuable airtime Like say that the audience well if you're not into hockey and listen to this dumb frog talk for half an hour Then goodbye and it's like an invitation it's like sending it's like sending a golden grave invitation to each potential listener out there If you don't like what Jaime Schwartz is got to say then you better go away for a half hour an hour because You know, we're gonna we're gonna inflict them on you that's why stop having guests years ago Damn any idea what I'm what I'm massive improvement that was for me Yeah, aside from the fact that baby sitting a 90 year old people with one foot in the grave I just don't get it What are people thinking about? Well, this hour we're gonna talk about baseball card collectively and and you can just hear as Mr. Eagle again Was doing his own personal interest on here baseball card everybody knew audience is like diving for the dial And some of the people were dropping it, too. That's why we don't use soap normal. They were diving for the dial You know, can you believe that there anybody uses soap anymore? Sure very sad why It's like there would be like guys wearing nickers would be like bring it back fast look you're an old timer and don't always change as soon as change becomes a face like one All right, I was way ahead of the curve on body. Well, I'm not saying right right now Yeah, I'm torn Josh speak up. Don't we me. Oh, what give me example music Oh, now listen your music taste that doesn't really change in much of you music taste. Well, I think it's one thing to think that You know the music you grew up Very same one other thing to you too. I hit the break the news to you, but when I was I had the apartment and Amsterdam I was as Zidian miles ahead of you. I come back here and all of a sudden like the They're playing all the techno pop and all the Europeans stuff that I had seen I had on tape from months I'll be okay. So it all depends on where you can hear it and where you can see it first of all in the US There's no videos anywhere where you're gonna see a video MTV. Don't show them music videos All I have a bunch of stupid crap programs would make a teenagers run around all right zero days. Yeah I'm just Tonya. I have no problem. There were some good music to see or listen to the order of these things old timers are We luckets change when you grew up using soap most people are never reluctant to change We're not talking about old timers reluctant to change maybe we'll do that pull again a kind of like one of those Preples you know what you watch with I'm talking about like the age group. I mean I would have never I would have never switched the body watch if I were on on this show There you go right there and now I see an old time or take a look at him. Okay, does he look old? I realize he's getting worn out because of that Russian girlfriend, but nevertheless he ain't old and he wasn't used to know by he was using soap Yeah, and what she told me by the way and I've taught you there's he kept dropping it Yeah, but she picked up her and huh she'd pick it up for him W Q a m hello out about the soap Q a Yes, sir. How are you today? All right? It's Chris from earlier Chris from what hialia oh hialia hi a Chris and hialia What's going on hey? I don't want to sound you know Yeah, yeah Yeah, I'm sure we have any appetite say night My pencil We're not talking Oh body wash by where your phone is breaking up you got one the worst phone. I would stop by in a body wash I go on by new phone Got his at a bad phone to hear that yeah, I heard that right Yeah, yeah, and that pencil Yeah, by the way, it's a stencil lot of pencil out here and twice this past noon at Q a And this is real Roger This is And the dumb ad dirt Trans America A film about a woman who was a man that he came to me was never an end of this race Because it's dark How look at the I'm really a woman I'm a woman who plays a man I can come some man good all alone I get this year. I was always a woman anyways And I look at me now I just don't do Sessioned by many stories like my mini-screen Yeah, so a little tight don't you think that's why I carried a shoe You're makeup. I turned around There you I got a pet voice and I rubbed berries on my cheeks for color I'll deal with my armpits later So wait you want to date no, but one thing I'd like to know yeah, what's that? Do you have any mirrors in your house? Trans America now showing the movie theaters were a family that is I am 10 people so 32 or 560 revenue I'm sure we get back to a crisp and yeah All right the class of actor Chris Benc that's remained undetermined after an autopsy and a corner's office in order Blood toxicology to tell you like that what you're a little bit curious about how he died a little bit curious That's not the operative word a little bit. Pender brother of a Academy of Wordwinning actor Sean Pennem musician Michael was founded to famous animonic a condor a condo or leisure minimum The toxicology test is just normal procedure for someone who's 40 and not seeing their doctor Is like this film the Darwin Awards in which he appears with the owner rider and Joseph Fien's He's say the mind means oh Primarily later in the day if the sun has come festival in parts of Utah He gave an incredible performance in the film for a dead man writer director Fin Taylor said I think he's got to be a member for years to come and we'll miss him Chris Pennem here to numerous films including reservoir dog star ski and hutch rush hour and quirky Romano Corquise their Chris cat and describe pins death as a huge shock Catan I make a pardon Cotan Chris Joseph cotton Cool cares how to help contain cotan or tan or time you say cotan. I say cotan. I like that You say tomato. I say the hell with you So here's a little more here's the rest of the story. I hate to do this. You ask me if I hate of this I know you don't Mallow it's more about a story that I did before I just like a little birdbond and here's like the rest of the story So do you hate to do that no More Americans favor in peaching bush poll says this is by night weather newspapers and of course since they published a hero We know that it's got to be the truth The ward impeachment is popping up increasingly these days and not just athletes of liberal activist founding predictable bumper sticker slogans This is a it sounds similar, but it goes on After the unfounded claims about Iraq's weapons of mass destruction and recent news of domestic spy with our warrants Mainstream politicians and ordinary voters are talking openly about the possibility that a president bush could be impeached So is at least one powerful senator Ireland's specter chemically senator here committee and the inventor of that incredible magic territory So far it's just talk with Republicans controlling Congress and memory still fresh of the bitter fight and national destruction And blamed by former president couldn't see the eight impeachment over a couple of you know what's even The loss even in official inquiries a very long shot, but There's always a big but A polaroid slash lead by Zagby international show 52% of american else thought Congress should consider impeaching bush if he worked at US citizens What I quote approval including 59% of independence and 23% of Republicans even how do you like that? How do you like those road apples, huh? Oh, by the way, Hamas one Breaking news they got on I break news my answer Given these numbers impeachment could become an issue with this false congressional elections and dramatically raise the stakes just like professor Van Helsing their indracula Remember he raised the stake in any over to a Dracula's heart and Velo the ghost he said oh If Democrats went to control the house representatives a leading proponent of starting an official impeachment inquiry Representative John Connier's of Michigan would become chairman of the house committee that could pursue it Communities introduced legislation my smuthic rate of special panel investigate the by the way Michael Moore is working And it's got to come out in 2007 on a sequel to Fahrenheit 9 11 Prince John Kanye is reminded me of Fahrenheit 9 11. He says sit down my son. We don't need any of these bills You idiot Kinders if we do legislation my smuthic rate of special panel Investigate the Bush administration's alleged manipulation of Iraq pre-arrack war intelligence and make recommendations regarding grounds for possible impeachment All right He's not the only one dropping the i word even the i man a bit Day-led it later Senator Barbara boxer California wrote to four presidential scholars asking whether domestic Spying by the NSA was in impeachable offense former vice president Al Gore said last week that the NSA were attempting could be an impeachable offense he said at night be it could be Bush contends that he holds the authorities commander were chief the order of the eve dropping on International calls of terrorism suspects without court approval He also claims the Congress's resolution authorizing him to use force against service implicitly authorizes NSA's Fine But in 1970 law requires court issued warrants for wire tapping people in the USA and many in Congress along with the nonpartisan congressional Research Service said Bush's on shaky legal ground in ordering NSA's fine without warrants as required by the Soviet foreign intelligence surveillance act Tucker bounds A Republican National Committee official said impeachment talk is nonsense Tucker bounds Does it yeah, all right, just like that about 18 feet in the year But asked but as January 15 of a recourse there could be a Bush broker ignore the law Authorizing words have Senator judiciary committee chairman Arlin magic bullet specter mentioned impeachment I'm not suggesting remotely there's any bases, but you're asking really theory in theory what's the remedy said ABCs this week impeachment is the remedy he said to which we say all right to which we say absolutely to which we say Representative little's in California said of a Bush impeachment I'm not saying it would happen, but I think it should be explored She was one of a handful of house members to cost sponsor Congress bill which is unlikely to get hearing her voters long as Republicans rule the house Which after November that might happen no more Stanford University historian Jack Raycov a customer's life where it said breaking will on domestic spine would Qualifies an impeachable offense that that Congress should be hesitant to pursue it The Clinton impeachment was immediately distraction for the nation he said some of his suggested hurt the West over again Still cut it before nine level well I wonder who is responsible for that a huh What it was responsible for bringing that impeachment based on a couple of you know what so it would monochid all another crap And making poor Bubba's nose roll like Pinocchio Despite such concern similar to lack of a say it's time to impeach Bush Bob Furdyk president of democrats dot com has formed impeachment pack the fun campaigns of congressional candidates who support impeachment It raised more than 52 grand and 10 weeks If the truth comes out for their said there will be an open-end shut case for a high crime of breaking law I mean look at all of these different access to the word legal wire tax that that's not potatoes Right all these innocent people dying all these people being said over there and then rumstrals But it would be pretty good, but we got the greatest army in these are season veteran Yeah, right they're all dying over there when you're up there. Black and you big fat lifts you idiot They're likely season making all that money off of at the time of flu by scaring a public game with a freaking bird flu Anybody dying that from a person a person contact from bird flu We had or never never not one in the history of mankind not a one not a There's all those punks over there that given a big victory say How nice we went you see when you give a bunch of people a free election and they vote for like a bunch of terrorists I say hubm in dreared okay all of them is that the name of the party hubm in dreared party Come ass hub whatever the hell with them Let them all rot you know these raides they got their terrorists We don't hear anything low about him. You know what I say that every day do things I say thank you Mr. President for those low bargain based in the gas prices and what's going on with area I guess not he and say too much. Yeah, what's most of the area Like that I wonder if he still got his shoe Wouldn't surprise me if one of the characters from passion sticks in their limited light news to a bet is a hotel is whatever He's saying it is a hospital room and disconnects that you then you'll see what's going on just I did do a yes or I'm a fart So he is ready. He's daylight terrorists The Palestinians daylight terrorists so let them all kill each other really bust alone leave the rest of the world alone It's civilized people that aren't just a bunch of screaming getchies Domining back and forth but we're all with crap, you know, but we'll have to go away good golly Miss Molly What about my ramlin about I don't know that's not like it. I like it a lot And you I'm in such a good mood because I make believe our part-time program director got the message Obviously did not come in there and hug me a chance for having all before the show this morning Just leave us a long clearance. Okay leave the show to the pros. Okay Who knows something besides ball games and guys who take showers together all over one of the you mentioned it This is meal Rogers Acted Child Do You're not going to be with somebody for it's too early. You're not going to be with us. We're going to pass you to me. Here in your day, take a ride. If you need not, don't put your soul right. If you need to put your soul right, If you need to put your soul right, If you need to put your soul right, If you need to put your soul right, If you need to put your soul right, If you need to put your soul right, If you need to put your soul right, If you need to put your soul right, If you need to put your soul right, If I take my nut, I go upstairs and not get fully stabbed. I don't want a detox. You can throw it over. Hey, Step aside. Beat me down now! Start the world! Before it leaves, Here's the thing. From qualified, I'm sure you guys want to kiss me to a certain kind of jokes. Who let me out if I answered free? If you want to say that, You might not know, you're eating your lunch, I can tell right now. Told your dad's no doubt. Yeah. I didn't like that. How did I know it? I can smell it right through the, here we crunched the shell. Yeah. Tony's, a good buddy bread. I have there at 183 and 441 with a best pizza man going in garlic rolls and Sanchez and stuff. And good myself. What's the junior eating there? I had some garlic rolls and I was like, I'm forgetting a meatballs. Ooh. Why did you say that? You how much I love spaghetti meatballs? Can't eat it though, but nevertheless. Don't be getting that beanies on your kids up there, because then you can't eat no scettling, you can't eat no pizza, you can't eat no bread, you can't eat no ice cream, and you can't eat no pies, you can't eat no cakes, and you can't eat no pastries, any kind of, and not in good. Just meat, that lobster and stuff like that. And I'm wrong with lobster. I'm wrong with a nice juicy steak or maybe a couple of burgers. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. So anyway, Gellie's on it too is that Peter King between 3 and 3 and 30. We're not related to that one. The red sports analyst writer, Rob Peter King, with a Gellie. That should be a really similar lady radio. And compelling, I'm sorry, compiling radio like the Toronto weather. It's sorry by the way, and they're not too bad. Mad Dog is for hurricane hotline and several o'clock from Bernie Coast, our steak house that's the same Bernie Coast are with the Olympus who used to say, we've got the path, there's the O'Hee. He came in that morning like a little girl. Tee, he actually, he actually said Tee. No. Yes. Well, he made that sound. He made the sound. He made the sound. He got a little girl. Pretty close to the phone. I'm telling you, you were there. You were there. They had a lot of worse team and then he came in to me. I was going to put him on here if you hoard a bunch of time on the morning show. And it came into me. Oh, no, which is what the path is. Tee, Tee. Not that path. Tee, he, he, he. Like boohoo. You know, the things you see in comics, you know, are never really said by humans, but it's like boohoo and Tee. Well, he said Tee. Maybe the beast can ask him about it. He'll be a breeze and not a clock tonight. The beast. Maybe the beast was not that polio that day to Greg Co. Texas, singing idiot. Right. Good end. No Curtis on there. No Kimba, bow camper. We had no, uh, a whole lot. Lady Martez. Jesse Agler. Jesse Agler. We didn't even have Tom Caldler when we were there for a Christ's. Oh, I'm better. He's everybody's favorite days for something. Hey, now. What's wrong with you, man? Um, Greg, yellow her. Greg Co. Texas, you idiot. I mean, what? What's we got that facts? I mean, that was like spring into closet door open, man. Oh, he's out there when they're all the time. I had a feeling that that's what it was. I mean, it's pretty obvious what they said. I'll be because the hero didn't ever like doing it to him. Again, that's a good matchup by the way. It's an excellent matchup. I was going to say that Joe Bell's favorite book of Brian, but is one where we'll change them in rapes to a mole. Uh, it's a lot of our favorites. But in that sense, we got a zero manager now who actually listens to the show and knows what's going on here and takes an interest in and what we're doing is opposed to like, well, how we do with a panther, guys, today, we get a bill, Troy on there, Mr. Bow tie and what about the spokesman, which you on, you know, there is nothing. There is nothing in the world worse. A terrorist, a religious, an addict, same thing. A new name, a there's nothing worse than a sports nerd. They are the evil of the universe. Take it from us, all of us on this show. We are the anti sports nerds in product. But that's the reason we're not on a Greg Co-tech school because we'd wipe the planet with your ass. How do you like that Greg Co-tech's, you in Bacill? And he knows it. So it makes that disclaimer all sorry in your Rogers, but it's only the sports people on the two stations right. You know what that would be like? What would that be like? That would be like when we used to have sports talk from six to eight on I would be if we would have done the same thing. Oh, who now, which sports for a Zyanin like for this, a seven 90 crab? And he would listen to like 15 people over there and then put like a mad dog in the house of Gaki and whoever else was on it. See what I'm saying? And by the way, two hours of sports today is more than enough. Believe me, believe me. Especially when there ain't nothing going on anyway. Who gives a flying crab about? And the heave already. By the way, how they doing? I don't care. Go tell me. And a panthers? I mean, my god, the first place, Caroline or Hurri Keynes led by Ray Wittney and Rod Brindable and all these other glam. And they come in here last night. They got a crowd like that. You know, I don't want to like start kissing up to Rimmer because that's the last thing I would do. But I will say this and it's got nothing to do with his broadcast. I'm sure. But Columbus and Columbus, how many people and Columbus would you sell? Not good people. They sell. I've just about every game. And Rimmer told me when he called a couple of days ago, what we got van Kubrick night probably won't be a seller. I watched some of that game the other night. And it was packed. And when a hell of a game too, I think was seven six Columbus won. Hell of a game. And a place was packed. It was rocking. And they don't announce a fully attendance like 12,000. There's like 4,000 people in the building because we gave away 8,000 tickets and nobody showed up. God. So what's there to talk about? What sports? You tell me now what sports are going on. Is there baseball going on now? Luz. Football going on? Collins football. Yeah. Professional football. Is the Olympic star in the end as if anybody carried? No. Now, butcher Luzer is right. So what's going on? Why would anybody care about a sports right now? I mean even the drag. He's not until April the NFL drag. I don't know. Come on. I'm waiting. I don't know. Maybe those in baseball. I forgot about that. This is a hell lot more important than dealing with business. No. Absolutely. We got to have our own on campus arena. Then they'll come out and so bro. You know better than that. I could have told you that. I had a time saved the money honey. When I did those UN baseball games, 95% of the crowd were like adults. They were not anything. Nothing with the university. They lived in the Gables. They came from other places. And the university. Those students over there like like lost in the wilderness somewhere. There was no university. There was no campus. There was no nothing. Don't forget you can't tell us that's called scum without UM. It's a joke. But anyway. We just build another arena on every street court. You'll just see they're going to be packing them in man. Just like just like great Perry used to say. They lamented, rate Perry. About how we build a lot more. We, you know, we have a ten sports stage. It'll bring a lot more people to sports. Right. Well, let's take a look like it. That last book for example. You know, the Humphor City, and there were the two fiber. Whatever in the morning. And there were little dogs over there with a two-four or two-five. So that's a nice five share. OK, and in the morning, if there's one. A nice five share for somebody. We put them together. But when you got two, it'd be invited by two and I want to see you got like, all of a sudden you got like oh you look at it but I'm saying I'm saying it's over done man we need to sports stations in this market like we need gigantic big bloody losing hemorrhoids that's what we need to sports stations for and so great co-faxing going and it's a little child with his boyfriend and strung a banjo and sing whatever he's doing just an idiot grow up already okay are you overgrown children that's what sports talk is all about overgrown children how much ruby it can you possibly spend talking about the same guys with jacks threats going to their question fellowship prayer meetings and go out there and raping every broad day candidly motel in North America what are we talking about question fellowship my ass i think these are the two choose the Steve large and the court warners no these are the right wing all my and Jim running Jim running it's a miracle they don't have that guy tied up in a rubber room somewhere and he's there the other day making with a photo of what sand the lead of what up here man a match made in heaven you could see them out in the words that's kill all the fact it's you could see the words come out of their mouth i'm a your life work or speak of that well this of course from the fan for the quote chronicle so you expect five teachers walk at posters for gay students signs mandated in the family and were to ensure safety on campus five teachers at family and real high school and on the west quote and time for this go and refuse to comply with the school that you're going to display a rainbow flag poster and classroom that reads this is a safe place to be who you are because they say homosexuality violates the religious police principle any for autos said the hospitals get can i read this or you're going to just calm down forget back to your food for crisis good idea the high schools gay straight line just stick another pepperoni in your poster the high schools gay straight lines design the poster which includes pink triangles and other symbols of a pride in the summer the school board of probate policy requiring all district teachers to hang the kids i mean the postures in their classrooms district officials said the postures in effort to comply with state laws requiring schools to ensure student safety and curb discrimination and harassment you know i haven't played that up a child played that in a long long time period i think it goes on say to you or rather harassment or as many as that to me see that was that was called to contaminants for trade by michlaus they say that to often teachers don't recommend students use the regulatory slurs refer to homosexuality in negative way like you faggot things like that clear medicone this is not about religion sexual relations in said district superintendent christian limit who initiated the poster policy this is about educators making sure schools are safe for our children regardless of their sexual orientation teachers are refused to display the post is which are distributed Monday couldn't be reached for comment the family and reunified school district has been embroiled controversy over homosexuality in the past how do you like that you're fairie in nineteen ninety seven a parent's group of i school demanded that a gay teacher be fired if you she came out to wear class i'm a bad story remember that and two you're eating in two thousand two high school English teacher Carl Debrou settled lawsuit with the district for a million bucks after he was disciplined for giving a lecture on racism in homophobia a judge declared unconstitutional unconstitutional a district policy ban in controversial issues in the classroom without a principles approval art teacher tom lockman who is gay and oversell the posters done by students in the gays to read the lines city was surprised by the level of intolerance for homosexuality that he perceived when he started teaching at high school five years ago he said he recognized that it was critical when a student called him a fang you fang I mean like that in and that for this go when you think that's a little I would be like somebody here saying that you know that damn fact that I kept standing shocking there was a real need to do this he said a lot of students didn't know about gay people in general or gay generals efforts to change the districts culture with an oatommer and to see if calm crews would just come out of the closet and say take a look at him he's the top gunman he's the big uh the head cheese the last samurai there you go and there's a real screamer for you man you show me church of Scientology and I'll show you hey that's all that's all you need to know right and who else were you telling me is a Scientologist that I wasn't aware of somebody a couple weeks ago he told me was uh that we got along list over here some broad genuptious on genalphan no curse the alley curse them oh curse the in the alley I'm going to tell you something if there's somebody right now who needs to take a long dirt nap that's the bitch have you seen a new spot you any codgenia and they've got a course the the stunk of broad is doing it and then tumbling over and all this down of course you know it's not her of course and she she's got on 14 courses you know the things they supposed to wear to make you lose weight that looks those belts those times they go duct tape they have her every ounce of fat duct tape and she's not how do you like that press the alley my fat and though this is honored this not a tumor it's the one to two hour because the alley you know the know and I like to see myself as a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a withoi Yeah, she glows all right one or two or some of that rhymes with it when I see her on TV I want to run to the supermarket and get about 400 rice crispy treats and just bring them home and sit in front of the TV Just shove them one after the other down my push makes me want to eat cookie. Oh, right Well, I was just stick with the atomies there instead. Yes, I spread nice salad today Keep it under control. I shall live that's very early. It's shallow. It's valid Okay, I'm gonna watch the rest of the city of Ghana for the show today. I'm gonna hear what he said Nice Cheever gris on my flavor wave deluxe and we're gonna watch the rest of city of God I'm gonna watch one of those movies tonight. There's no I will say this. I mean Yeah, I'm so far is nothing all that spectacular happen. Oh, our shaggy got shot I was not too happy with it. We like the love of the people and then but and then poor chicken It was one that was one smart chicken. Oh, you got it He was looking around. They had him tied up there because he was gonna be next right and he's looking around He's chickens are getting the skin and He headed and pop from the boiling oil and put on the grill and the chickens like oh, I think I better get out of here Yeah, this ain't looking to bid no, I mean that look of panic. That was pretty good acting I think the best acting I seen so far with the chicken so far in and man He got away in her chasing his ass all over town and the best part of the thing was when he actually took Off and flight and I was taking it by itself. What a shame I mean if it was a guy why couldn't chickens really fly? They can fly for like a few feet But then yeah, but they quit can't fly their wings too good, you know, right kind of like Charles Blyer But her in channel 7. Who would that guy to call this yesterday? This game. Oh, I know I know recognition, you know, but I like to recognize you with the Neil that's a track Anthony. Oh Remember that guy? I want to recognize me. I get out of here I don't want to see I don't want to smell you for Charles, but I think we'd guy call this yesterday from channel 7 and Does anybody know who he is who who best fits this on here's the pull for tomorrow Which I waited till now because I can imagine how could we have left anything out? We might have read co-text off here the singing none We lost him off what movie should never have been remade Right and we did just the luminous research here for at least five minutes the blob right even though that was the remake was actually good there That's an exception. What about the blaster? The blob or the world's psycho Cape fear Then they will fear you when a stranger calls. I'm gonna tell you. Let me say it again Now you brought up a good point to about the trailer to show all these The use of new movies coming out so when you go to the arena theater They show the trailer for when they're a stranger calls and I saw it I was watching it was on that show that we like so much And Josh was so smitten by the two brothers super natural. Okay, and you see it Josh They are preview for row one of stranger calls. I did not. Oh, did you see the original movie with Charles turning? Probably not probably not oh you'd like that. It's a good movie. It's one to really I mean not while all-time best, but pretty damn good It's all right. Do not watch the new one So anyway, this is another movie that does not need to be redone and so here's the end It's in an ice your fans your house and a big pool and it's overlooking the ocean or you know I want to really like lake side or something and an online of course to update it modernized instead of like the regular phone We're in for the baby. You sit at the cell phone is sitting on a sofa and she's halfway up to stairs And she comes back down and answers the cell phone and the voice says now see the whole line in the movie is Have you checked the children right have you checked the freaking children? That's the catch line in the movie All right, I know you're talking about and the new movie the voices How are the children? Yeah, I mean What is that how are the children and then the big giveaway that's the suspenseful giveaway in the movie? They show it in the trailer. Yeah, it calls are coming out of the house the calls are coming from inside the house Well, you have to post a note that the whole movie for you that is inside the house this crazy bastard She's just got all my sweet way there. There are a lot of movies we made because it can't come up with the ideas And so they keep taking great movies and just ruining right like a couch who he gets cut. Oh No, me better the second time around chewing a scud So anyway the blob or the world psycho came here when the stranger calls time machine it was a good machine, but a bad movie a star's born Dracula there was only one Dracula time of the apes Poda roll or ball and you tell me who with the Chris Klein, and it was awful. Oh, it was I know you'd hate that movie. I'm now he's not he I'll tell you one thing He's not good enough to that would go see the movie just because he was in it. Oh, no. Oh, I rather watch supernatural That's for free on TV Godzilla Metro black that was a bread pit right I actually saw that And I still can't figure out I don't think I'd be a Mr. Deeds oceans eleven more bread pit How many movies a month is bread pit make? I'm third man. That's why I can afford to be infregnating all these chicks the Italian job Don of the dead Alphi the producers pink panther all Steve Martin. Why did you do that? And the fog and how so wax that's the list we got so far well, movie should have never been remade What about all what about bad news bears? Yeah, that's another one right. What's the fact we can actually make it there? Why did they do that? Well, and that how do I do this? Well, I'll I'll I'll thanks it there later because I already fact I'm we already got the original list up there for poll changing. Oh, tell me you're gonna switch it Lian like I do all the time whenever I feel like it tonight after I watch city of God Maybe after I watch a Brian Williams with that holy face is you know, he's really strange Yeah, I mean, you know, I mean, it's one thing to be strange and new to be on a radio But to be strange looking and be on TV doing the news his faces like like cocky It's like like you got it stuck in some farming equipment He was in that movie you know it came from outer space or something He the ship must have landed the hills have eyes very bizarre Which is it not all that's right? They just we made that that had a hill to have eyes. Yeah, no need to remake that movie The hills have eye eye eye eye eye that's pointy headed guy in there and he was the whole movie. I see Well, it's just like one of Stranger calls. I mean, I'm not gonna see the remade But how can how good can it be if it doesn't have Charles turning in at number one and then the guy that was the crazy guy in a murderer I mean, he was fabulous Remember him? Yes, he was never what Charles turning was chasing him through wherever that that's who the kitchen and he was throwing the pots and pans And of course here Charles turning reminded me of canon. You know the fatty tech And he's chasing somebody who's like a ways of 160 pounds and there's a 300 pound detectives You know run about a half a half of foot and he's already ready to have a stroke, you know Charles turning his rage. He's the one I believe he's in the the fury which is a movie I'm gonna get for Josh and copy it form really a psychic teenagers. It's an old movie like from the 70s already I see He's good actor. He was in a massive deal with the jackland. It's always good W to Q a M hello Hey, no, yes, sir. I thought the longest yards of one of your favorites. I would have a fan alert They remade it. Yeah, they yeah, well, that's right. I remember that. I'll awful and It was the he we're even worse than that. I think it was about two years ago They remade Brian song for TV. Oh God, but they didn't make it for this either though. Oh It's a one No, this time he lives out here Exactly, you're not for this probably. Yeah. Okay. Thanks, pal. Yeah, you're welcome See this is a good one. No, they're that I mean I realize that you people the movie that is just can't come up with no good ideas But stop doing it and like psycho when he remade it there was some Yeah director or something remade that that was a bad. Oh, I'll tell you another one another one. Oh Oh really good one speaking okay. La caja fall now. They changed the name What was it we make of that with the Robin Williams at the birth cage? Which is what that means? Oh Oh, yeah in in frog in range. La caja fall. I put in the floor cage. Oh My god, now that's such an energy you see the original one. I had to not see either version Although I did see a piece of the second one. Oh My god, my caja fall is an organic even you would like it even though somebody is up tight as you are that up my back alley No, I'm serious. It's his Sarah. Oh, it's organic. I'll take it out. It's a very entertaining I know I saw the new one and it was a forget about that Robin Williams is in it Doesn't it said I'm like a little Bob you like goes on over your head like her little light bulb like some big red morning I want to see that Robin Williams no no no patch Adams all over again Team beats up grandmother because she won't buy him beer That'll learn her. This is my favorite story. This story is and if you saw the picture of this kid You would kill him with on any questions as Kurt Cass Fat faced punk Braidens in no less boy. He only he is the poster child for Bradenton have you ever been in Bradenton? I sure it was Josh. I have yeah feeling in Brandon and I of course used to work in Sarasota So believe me I've been in Braden. I got a scene take it on the way to Bradenton for a few Bradenton makes two egg two egg floor to look like man-hat And that's how bad Bradenton is Deputy say 16 year old has been arrested for beating his grandmother with a two-by-fold for refusing to give him a hundred bucks for beer Oh, expensive is the beer and Braden for a dynamic expensive man. He was gonna have a bite. Okay, I guess he was having a party baby maybe he saw that Lawson movie with Tom Cruise where he had all the hookers and arrows and movie risky business riskie but maybe one open up his own first-key business Charges Kurt Cass and Hammock Drive Bradenton Investigate is say Cass went into his 60-year-old grandma this bedroom Thursday Ask her for a hundred bucks for beer Once you refuse he allegedly placed a razor blade on her throat and demanded she taken to the bank to get the money When the victim arrived back home, she locked all the doors deputies reported that offended arrived back home and kicked a front door in Once inside the defendant grabbed a two-by-four piece of wood and hit the victim numerous times on the back It offended and grabbed a three-foot piece of three-inch PVC pipe hit the victim on the head back and legs numerous times The defendant's case will provide them the scene was able to hold them into law enforcement arrived Deputies said Cass is made comments in the past was grandmother that she should kill his entire family I'll just start with him grandma sure Cass was charged with domestic aggravated assault two-concent domestic aggravated battery attempted robbery and kidnapping Authority say Cass came from a troubled family. Oh, also is stood poor baby His mother's in prison on cocaine possession and sale charges his father was serving a 15-year prison since for manslaughter after Chuck and a hooker to death in 2002 the grandmother's had legal guardianship of Cass and his little brother since 1994 two-word and I forward's come to mind Okay, the first two are forced sterilization and the second two are Chutom Neil Rogers This is five two-spelch This When you join self-blood, you see a point in view. So, we end up down through different battles and shows. And this is our daily, every win, forever and blow. Whoa, we ain't this land, the Christian top, when you fall for the hell you die. I'm dying out the road. We ain't this land, the Christian top, when we're being depended, hatred thrived. You've heard. One 18 at five, 60 WKAM on a sensational third day, man. You can feel it in your bones, can't you? I'm bone. I mean, that's arthritis. I'm feeling my bone is down. Original survivor, guilty of tax dodge. Yeah, I love that. Richard Hatch. You have to be confused with Richard Hatch, the actor. Was that Richard or Robert Hatch? It was Richard also. Oh, geez, it was on like, with Rick Springfield. And I great show about all sarcalactic of the original one. That is correct. Oh, man. They know how much I got. I'm like, that's your whole line. I bet every, Jain Seedle is the space out. Who was that? Jain Seedle. Wow. Seedle, right. He's got a lot of more questions. Yeah. I'm a little bit more stressed. Richard Hatch, you want to million dollars in the first season of survival. What's found guilty is that if you're aiming to pay taxes on his winnings, you slimbed all. Yeah. Hatch was handcuffed and taken into custody. Probably enjoyed that. I have to ask this Richard Ernest Todes that he was a potential flight risk. You're like, they should get in there. You're a poor way, is it he got? He's got a fly away without a plane. It was also convicted to be baiting taxes on 327 grand that he earned his co-host of a Boston radio show and 28 grand in rent on property he owned. He was a quit-it-of-seven bank mail in a fire fraud charges. Hatch 44 faces up to 13 years in prison, boys going to have a good time in air, and a fine of 600 grand, sentencing schedule free for 28. Jürgers deliberated for less than a day after more than a week of testimony, he saw the tax charges, prosecuted as accused Hatch of using money donated to a charitable foundation, Horizon Bound, and outdoor programming planned to open for troubled youth. He allegedly spent the money on expenses including tips to a live-a-zene driver, dry cleaning, and tens of thousands of dollars on improvements to a house-y owned, near the end of the trial explanation for Hatch has faded into pay taxes raised by his lawyer, but he never mentioned that in the Jürgers presence. Hatch's lawyer Michael Minsert has caught fellow contestants cheating and struck a deal with the show's producers to pay his taxes if he won, but Hatch would never ask about the allegation when he testified. Instead Minsert told Jürgers that Hatch lives in Newport, Rhode Island, was the world's worst bookkeeper, and said his plan never meant to do anything wrong. Hatch testified, he thought producers as post-pays of cyber taxes, and said that donations he took a mischievous and the money already poured into it. More than five years after winning Hatch remains, we have led a TV's most famous villain, the man viewers love the Haiti. First kept to the retention for a shedding as close on survivor, prompting David Letterman to call him that fat naked guy. That made a biggest impression, won the show by scheming his way to the top. He reveled his squabbles among his fellow contestants, and then there were all the things of progress, survived this. So he had some bugs and go like to a bay route and survived that. That big a survivor liberty city, like that. Here's a fact, it looks like a chronic to me. I have a pet pee for remake movies. I can't imagine my aim will even have a hubris to remake the pink Panther. That's not our list. Steve Martin should be arrested. Now was the 90. That's this morning? Yep. He used to be funny. Steve Martin should be arrested. We've been trying to recreate Peter Celle's role in Spectre Clueso. He ain't no inspector clue. So I'll say that he ain't no Peter Celle's. Steve Martin, he's somebody else. He's almost like Jim Carrey. Not quite as annoying. But he lost my interest a long time ago. He'd be very funny. He used to be in the beginning. We knew funny, very outrageous and now I just boring. And also, I'll load him every time I find him. But I don't think so. That says if the top should be, will Smith and the wild wild west. Was there actually, I mean, that was a TV show. Was there actually another movie called that first? So with Will Smith as James West, you don't remember? No, you're missing me. We're talking about a remake. Right? Oh, I see what you mean. In other words, was it a movie? I remember. I remember. They made a wild west movie. They made it. But I think was a for TV movie. Yeah. So you're going to have to look for that up. Good. I'm not cool, but I don't want to put it on here in St. Louis, the division's here. Oh my god, look at this listing. It's from this Riley. When you get a life or Christ's, I have no life. I mean, he's good or it's good or whatever this thing is. But my god. Okay, all of these were remade. Yeah. Oh, some of those take this list. Okay. Thanks Riley, like I said, your facts are the best. The time machine, we got that one, right? Yeah. That. Yeah, don't be sending this stuff we already got, which we don't have much alphi. We already got alphi, right? On the original, we got that. But he's got cheaper by the dozen step for why is the outer towners walking tall. How many of you will horror? Now, what's his name was James Grollon was in the original one, right? Amityville? Right, I think so. Flying to the Phoenix is that River Phoenix, God in 60 seconds, shaft. Oh, who that? I was pretty Friday. Come on, I thought I'd be here in shaft right away as soon as I said that. You probably don't know God, drive wild wild wild. I saw that I'm precinct 13, Dr. Doodle, little. Miracle on 34th Street, mentoring candidate. Guess who's coming to dinner and her be the love bug. Guess who's coming to know, wasn't the rain naked in that one? The bear shaft. There is a Oizakeys. What did he die or something or what? No, he was illin. He was illin. He was in the hospital. I hope he got better. Now, we hope he got better along with Larry Hagman. There's a bag of, yes, he's also a Scientologist. Oh, no, you're clear. Is it case? Yes indeed. Wow, that's bad. No wonder we got this shaft. I hear a lot of signs. He'll just get the shaft. But anyways, okay, that's enough. Curlant. Okay, so I had all those, those all the jitter, what I guess there. I know they needed the step for wives and of course the obvious question that all America was asking was, oh my, hey. Yeah. Okay, let's say some of our calls about these people are at a whole bunch more, which is a lot of work for me. WKWM, hello. Hey Neil, you remake all of the great idea that the seniors, the past 25 years or so, I think of one remake maybe that was better than the original. No, what was that? And that was the same. The movie The Same was Remade with Curlant Gold. Good point. And the Black Side from Reckling for Dream would have a key key key key key. But I think one of the key key favorites. Yeah, that was the only one. And we'll for Brimley. Yeah, we'll for Brimley. Yeah. If you only wanted to be fast 25 years, I could think of that was better than the original. That's the column of lesson and don't do it, you know? Exactly. I mean, the purpose was to remake, but I think that was more than 25 years ago. Seriously, they're just awful. Most of them are awful. I don't understand. I mean, the idea when I saw the previous, the ad for Pink Panther, they would Steve Martin, I just wanted to gag. Is it, why? Why? Why is this man doing this? I mean, are they back? Like, just dated to write the idea that they had some up with some, I guess. And the movie that we make, you heard that that work, I think that can be for TV. They're supposedly a remake of the Wild Hunt's thing done. I mean, what are you crazy? I mean, you could never approach as original. I don't understand it. Yeah. And they wanted to Hollywood and Trump it. I mean, thanks for the brain. News, pal. All right, man. And my south for the thing. Yeah. Good thing I'm going to be dead pretty soon, because I'll tell you, once they start making them a third and fourth time around, also many of these though have been, right, more than the amount. He's been like three, four times. And what about a star's born? Punch back in order, Dave. Right. Punch back in order to don. Was that about era of parsigen? I think I was about him. You wouldn't know. Josh would know who that is. Era of parsigen. That's from an era before your time. Plus you don't know no sports. Absolutely. No wonder great. He did you like poison. You don't know your sports, mister. I don't. You don't know. Era of parsigen from the, whatever era. No, I don't watch men play games. Well, there's a lot of gay guys out there who enjoy watching guys grab each other around the way I understand. In fact, now that they got these slow moment close-ups in football, the NFL or in college football too, a lot of times they're not just grabbing them around the waist. They're grabbing around their privates. That's a real good way to bring somebody down real fast. Bring them to their knees, so to speak. Plotting six past one on. Okay. Five, sixty. Quick. This is a real Roger. This is five, sixty, two, five. Boys. Beautiful. Oh, he's on fire right now. He just broke up a little bit. So it's him, shit. Really, though, we're just like any other couple. They just got to pull in Hollywood dice. Even better than the TV and the Astro surbrei. Brad Pitt was just friends to leave out the team of guys. And now she's with child and her name that's over the project. This is that hotel we're going to go find a club. She's leaving so loud that staff over there. They called the police and they all said a group. Just rub it. You've been spraying on bottle of new bang and jolting up to you. Okay. Oh, Brad Pitt, channel the show. We can't touch you because I'm too good up the middle. Oh, yeah. Oh, gentlemen, don't be here. We're just in our good thoughts. Brad has got a new friend. Oh, Brad, it's really hot. Oh, Brad, she's been out badly of school. That morning, two reders been rolled wide a whole red. Oh, Brad, this is monthly. It looks a bit shiny. It's like joining the new wind over there. And we're about to lean on Jolie. And we're at Widditch. I saw them. Siddlery to cross history. So it's said how much she likes them. They have best blows of kids. And you've got a bunch of new kids. Our kids are really tracking. Are you all right, Dad? Yeah. Look at and stick it. 133, 27, 2, 2, 5, 60, no need to come. Gilding it to a clock. And he is going to be really moan and groan and rightfully so. It was damn panthers, man. Every just when you think they got it. And a drop it. Come on, Sam. All right. But you think you got a hole in it? All of a sudden you drop it. Okay, here's this poll. I never realized that there were so many bad remakes. You know, I thought there were a lot of them. And speaking of that, I thought because it was on cable. The remake of the mentoring candidate, which the original was great. And the remake was not. Well, that's what it says here. Well, here's what we got so far. What movie should never have been remade. I don't even know where to start. La Cajra followed the bird cave. Longest yard. The hills have eyes. Had news bears. The blob. War the world. Psycho Cape Fear when a stranger calls. It was a good machine. A star is born. Dracula. Tired of the Aves. Roar balls. Godzilla. Metro Black. Mr. Deeds. Oceans 11. The Italian job. Dawn of the Dead. I'll feed the producers. Pink Panther. All Steve Martin. We hate your life poison. Come back to Canada. The fog. House of wax. Keeper by the dozen. Stepper wives. Out of town. He's walking tall. Emptyville. Hor. Flight of the Phoenix. Gone in 60 seconds. Shaf. Freaky Friday. A salt on precinct 13. Five in a minute. Those doctors. Especially in Florida. Mirafond 34th Street. Metro and Kennedy, which I think you just say. Guess who's coming to dinner with what's the name Raymond Burr. And the Herbie Love Bud. Good. Good. And it's a great list. Oh. And what's this one say? The Postman always rings twice. Oh yeah. I'll get that under the second. So you got to write all these down. See a lot of work for me. I got a good idea. One of these days very soon. Maybe even like on Monday. We're going to take a poll. See an easy way to fix a poll. How you do that? Tell Eric to add some votes for you. No, no. Listen. We're going to take the poll. The questions are going to be. Who's the biggest jackass in the South Florida media? And we're going to have one choice. Greg Kotech. Yeah. I don't want to say that there's a way to fix a poll. To rig it. So that, you know, the most come out of the story. Just a day or only. How they in choice. Right. One choice. You know, even if there's only like five people of vote, like what? What's the kind of a poll is this? He's going to get all the votes. 100%. WKOM. WKOM. WKOM. Yeah. WKOM. Yes, sir. The devil and Mr. Mrs. Jones. The portal. Oh, good. The devil and Reverend Jones. What a match made in heaven. Oh, get a life. I have no life. WKOM. Oh, go and get a. Yes, sir. I love you, Paul. And the one and the one said to. Yes, sir. I can't wait to get out of here. I'm counting the day. And I just wanted to say that. You need to be keeping people with an online. So don't worry. Right. I hope. What? Toronto. Toronto. The University. Good bye, South Florida. I'm happy to have. Excellent. Okay. See you around. Okay. Like we've story. 560560, pound five60, the Verizon and Service Speaking. Wish you a Palli. WKOM. Hello. 530 up with the updates. We need to get back. I'll let you to explore the foys. We need to throw back. Mountain. WKOM. WKOM. Hello. Q.A.N. This must be time. Come on. Right there on the phone. He was just. You know what the weather is screaming about the banana. I think he's screaming. Give it to sure he is. So I heard. Q.A.M. Hello. Yes, sir. You left Bob Jones. Stay close. Thank you. Come on. 1017, okay. The thing about the breath has it put in flashにな th everyone. Stats off to this pole Select. You can put it in port. I will handle it. Let me take that? you know he isn't a well you know make up does wonders is matter of fact everybody talks about how great bread pits still looks now no even though he gets micro germabroidly six people in uh injured uh eight injured in the Texas car crash and 14 puppies were lost to in the Oklahoma you know I don't want to like the mean because the world doesn't have any value on human life anyway but the things that they put in just in major bulldoch case that is a car accident well okay that's bad no we're sorry no we're just saying bread pit gets micro germabraging but not enough of it oh man I don't remember where do I saw him in last month or two he's on TV all the time because of the no no no but this wasn't one of those appearances where they got like 40 pounds of makeup right my god he looked about 90 years old he has my pits yeah exactly right has the pits which I mean granted what is he about 87 hours something he's got to be 40 something right right and they do a real good job with my company say he looks pretty good I'm gonna be honest with you about him and he would the movie you're gonna see there the uh um primal fear uh uh he wasn't bad in the movie he wasn't good he was just in it you know I mean he was he he did what he just very walked through kind of like the phony work he does it is defensive journey when he faked that he faked the acting to me he was he you know he didn't have to do anything which is fine it was just bread pit and he was like one of the least of the characters but you know I mean the only movie I really cared for him and all that much and that's only because he was young and he really looked but was that one middle or the about the across the tracks with rookie shorter what I was the name you're the only one it was the name of that movie he just set it across the tracks that wasn't the name where wasn't I think so get out of here across the tracks in my ass yeah you don't like yeah oh google google uh do I do the in bread pit look at that name of the movie across the track on the other side of the tracks is something like that was that something like that but I think it was really a rookie shorter who just maybe gives me spilky's I just want to vomit when I see him here oh but then he grew up and became rich shorter now it's still rookie shorter he's still annoying definitely across the tracks now Chris here you go it was to lose to lose to tracks are you are you with you across the tracks so I know my bread pit so now he looked really good there but then again he ought to look good because he was young guy but uh as the years went on I wasn't then you're good movie he was in I mean don't tell me the fight club no I'm not don't tell me meet and black we were in the morning seven oh you're in the way I'm in California I would say yes he was very good seven he was a good movie but he wasn't good in it and uh there were okay are you with that we you say he did a good job what's a little melodramatic there all of the acting he did is that movie prior to that scene was demolished was devastated but what is the box I mean yes I mean the moment of melodramatic movie was the director out for lunch when he filmed that scene I mean it must have been he must have missed that somehow yeah so what was it the box is why I said oh sorry I thought it was so amazing well that was a good movie though and I said it wasn't Morgan Freeman in that yes yeah Morgan Freeman is great player there's a guy snatches another really good one yes I think you're pardon snatches great you should see it better take the break this is Neil Rogers this is 516 A ep orphan look Oh, that makes my mind soar. The best years of work remain in my life. I can't put his place. I'm just a little bit too. Just for all time like we don't go away to hell, the few of those wishly and perfect men's will. I've had enough for you to die. Not you just as close as I was all I had. You've got to be like this man to die. You're the one who's gonna stay home by the way from here. I'll hand my keeps back to the quarters of car that I drove on top. I hope you're my or a person. We know my guess that is if I only had a poor, the sorrows as less. But to both go to the public, to watch the obvious come again. I want to make way for the burden of selfless, whysy. When he got tarned him down, for a daily reason. Story of the Lord, Lord of the Lord. Story of the Lord, Lord of the Lord, Lord of the Lord. I'm going to get you to let you sport home. I'm going to let you sport home. I'm going to go to the court. Boy boy, one forty seven. Look at the last two entries on the blog there. And Greg, co-tex is blog. I don't know that open. They're both this is ADD. And actually, both go on. And Balea, the root, the root, the root, the root, the root. Yeah, a root. There's this. Excellent. That's going any better over there than by us. How come I have not talked about this? I've had this story in my pile for a couple of days. But, uh, movie important day. I'm lying search engine leader Google and he has agreed to censor which results in China. And hurrying to the country's free speech restrictions. And we turn for better access and the internet's fastest going market. In other words, we're a bunch of horrors. We don't care what a bunch of censoring company pickles you are. And if this is in the US, we censor everything anyway. So why not? We'll take the cash. The Mountain View California based company plan to roll a new version of a search engine very China's web suffix.cn. Yesterday's a matter of fact. This story is from Tuesday. A Chinese language version of Google search engine has previously been available to the companies.com address in the US, say. Our creating a unique address for China. Google hopes to make it search engine more widely available. The United States is the most popular country. The cause of government barriers set up to suppress information like some of the truth Google's Chinese users previously been blocked from using the search engine or counter lengthy delays in response time. You know, speaking of, uh, Amy on flow, maybe it's the thing they didn't catch that chicken. That's good point. The service troubles are frustrated. Many Chinese users have been Google's efforts to expand its market share in the country that they expected to emerge as an internet gold mine over the next decade. Pretty obvious that there's little Julios that the circle that they're the ones that are sending all the, um, yeah, on the chat, the chat, yeah. Well, it's good they found something to do. Yeah, good. Give a little rest later. He'll up for a while. US military and, of course, we do not negotiate for the release of Hanzi. You do understand that unless, you know, well, we want to. Unless it looks bad. The US military reportedly freed five Iraqi women to take in each today because release have been demanded by the kidnappers of American reported jail Carol as a condition of scaring her life. An AP photographer at the scene reported the five were driven from US custody to the home of a senior as soon as he politician in Baghdad and returned to their families. The report released came after the US military in Australia day that it took a 422 to the police and he's a free today and Manjana, a group that claimed responsibility for abducting Carol and Baghdad January 7th had threatened to kill her unless all female detainees in American custody were set free. They want to be free. People want to be free. This has to be the scavalier in the arrest. Now, for our doctor wants to be free, but he won't be. This vote talks so fast. What a bunch of crap. If I go to show you a stupid people off her house, say it again. Just like that Kevin Chudo, I change my mind. If there are stupid people outside go I split him and take their money. One victim said he thought he was dead when he woke in a hospital room unable to move or speak another state she was a prisoner-owned body and learned to communicate using her toe. After hearing the dramatic testimony of two individuals temporarily paralyzed from shots they felt were the popular anti-wrinkled drug vote talks, US history judge James and the former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former empire former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former former I'm gonna go for it! Oh! Hey, what the hell is that? Oh, what the hell? How can it help me? You see what I'm here? I keep getting raped at the dead. Jarl, who can do it right away? Thanks a lot. It's about time. Some blood. And now drop your pen. I should drop your pen. There's an omelette. Give you something to do while you're watching golf. Like this. Or in the hot-liquid in your eye. Or like this. Oh, no! It's annoying! It's annoying! Oh, shit! And I look where you're making me so kind. Take your pen. Time comes and wide. Whoops! You want to work my show? You'll go as you're told. Now get over here. And that's right. Now come in. I've got over there. Come in. Come in. Come in. I'll go. I'll go. Come in. Go. The teacher. No. I did my skill go. Go. The teacher. Go. Now see here. I ain't go by. Very good. I can not see. Go. I don't think I'd win twice. Put your pen close to the glass glass. See if anybody's inside. No. Close. I don't think I'd lose. I can't. Right. I can't. I can't. Oh, no. Oh, no. You're a tough guy. Why are you? Why are you? Oh, no. Oh, no. I can't. I can't. Oh, no. Oh, no. I got a right to stop what you step aside. I'm the new Pope. See. I stand before you now. The people are you my son. I said, go in. Go in. Go in. Go in. Go in. Go in. Well, perhaps you'll find my daughter by totally. I don't like all of a sudden. I'd put it. Yeah. I don't want you to put it with all of me. Keep talking. Go in. Go in. I'll never find me. Go in. I'll call you. I'll call you. I'll call you. Why? I'll never get on. I'll call you. I'll call you. Watch out for Mr. Wibble. We need to. We need to. I don't scream. I'm gonna ask. Go in. Go in. Go in. Go in. Go in. Go in. I've got about it. That's what I say. Because my ass. Bye.