On the next opera, you'll be shocked. You'll be amazed. You'll be talking about it for the next, however long until she shocks you again. Opera makes your wildest dreams come true. Today, every one of the studio audience, all 276 members, get a brand new liver. Everybody gets a number of it. I don't want you, baby. Then tomorrow, all 276 studio audience members, get a brand new, new, new liver. Everybody gets a brand new liver. Everybody gets a brand new liver. The next day, all 276 members of the studio audience, get a three-foot helper monkey. Everybody gets a three-foot, one-to-one. Everybody gets a three-foot, one-to-one. It's the next day, all 276 audience members, get a new prosthetic arm. Everybody gets a prosthetic arm. Everybody gets a brand new liver. Oh, bro, giving away great stuff. She didn't have to pay for, even though she could be as well before too. And next season, everybody in the studio audience, get a segment. Everybody gets a starman. OK, set a one, Ben, I am so tired of that bitch. I just can't stand it. If I never saw her again, it would be way too soon. Well, guess what? You're going to see her again. Oh, I don't want to see her. You can't help her. I don't want to see her in your pop up posture. No, geez. I thought she was kind of like on your back, though myself. All the way to the area, too. They'd be a little to carry around. More good news from Iraq, not. Although 13 dating Afghanistan, other suicide bombing attack the Taliban, who I thought, what they supposed to be all done, all mocked up done. They got the bomb. They went in there, the world. I guess they were like all back with the vengeance. They're growing in my puppies and they're like killing people. Well, another name for pickup on the suicide bomb thing. So they're just, you know, they're there. They're going to help a job. Hechema job, but rally in Afghanistan and in Iraq, a 30 say two bombs are exploded just minutes apart and you're a central Baghdad square today, killing at least seven people. And separately, in Western Iraq, four more US Marines died in explosions there. And the number, actually approaching the 3000 number. Well, that'd be the number when the public finally gets to all Ben out of shape. And they're marching in the streets and demonstrating and carrying on and screaming and yelling like those people in Pittsburgh to the yesterday. What would that be happening? Sure. What? Yeah. No. Now, American public are passive. They're beaten. Like Diana said in network. Remember that? She said they're shot up and F. and cells limp and they just given up. Remember that? Yep. How much of Josh remembers that? I bet she was even awake for that part of the movie. No, I think I missed that part. Well, watch what is it again? I love that movie. I just can't think of an input. Imagine every hero. Imagine every hero is again last night. So, when we were in Israel, Hirsh are both so good and an end to your fanels too. Hello, he. I mean, his character is very negative. Very, very, very, very, very zombie. It's just a great movie. In fact, we had to do that pull sometime. I was thinking about doing that today, but I'm not. What? No, I'm not a godfather, which I'm so sayy, I love the godfather, but it's so obvious. It's like a pull today. I don't even know I put Hitler on there because we knew he'd win. Sure. I should have said other than... Hitler. Oh, who, you know? But that's okay because the race today is for second place. But what movie could you just watch over and over again? I never get tired of watching. You know what I'm saying? There are there gotta be movies like that. Oh, if you ever hear, it was for me. Uh-huh. I just love that movie. You know? Not that's a very good movie. I could watch it again. Watch the little piece of the show. I did actually. What is this? This is Jackson looking at... Look, what is that like a... What kind of hat is that? Oh, let me change it. Look at that. What kind of hat is Jesse Weirner now? It looks like a gangster called the Fadoras, huh? Get out of here. Well, don't... Gainsties anywhere for doors. Edward G. Robinson, I was the War of Fadoras. You took it right. Oh. Look at that. There's Jesse with a Fadoras. Well. And then, of course, Oprah was there grandstanding at the funeral. Yesterday, and then, making her big speech. Oh, geez. Maybe she was also an autograph and copies of that book. You think? Yeah. I'm going to get a little over the... A little over the stamp, of a certain right. Anyway, here's our pull from yesterday, which of these best describes you 1584 votes. Average 411. Which I guess you would think average would be the right answer, right? Like this calls probably average for us. QAM. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. What about heat? What about... You know? Yeah. So, like, a good movie, you know? And you can watch it again. Not here. Which of these best describes you? Average 411. Did I nice here? We're doing that today? No. No, you didn't give them something to crawl in about. In fact, we could formulate that list for another day. That's a great idea. Because a lot of it. Ha ha ha ha. A lot? We've done that before. We have. We've been at this far ahead. No. But it's like, in the middle of May, yeah. Not necessarily this year. But that is a good, I mean, they're all there. Those kind of movies. And not necessarily, we all famous movies. Like, I mean, imaginary heroes. It's exactly what the movie, although it didn't get like a, several stars, hundreds stars. Mm-hmm. Just, I don't know. Just something in that. Really hard to describe it. It's not all just Amel Hershey. They're all always sure we'd like to hang out with him. Average 411. I have no life 247. I have no right. I know. Believe me. We've talked to many of you and trust me. The evidence is overwhelming. Touch start 121. Ha ha ha. Yeah. Uh-huh. Those are people who, those are people who live in homes that don't have Raiders. And have to who he was voted for that. Right. Oh, yeah. Well, they have to be worried of jewelry, man. That's right. You're steadily fat. Slob. All that bling. The fat slob. Just make sure you're bling. I don't think they're sharp. Fat slob 93. Because if you don't got a thing, at least get some bling. Lazy turd 81. I'm a fat Jew 74. Julio 68. I'm Korean black. Computer nerd 64. Narodic 55. Here we talk to all of them. Redneck 47. Old troll 43. Ainal. Back home 39. Races 38. Vanilla 32. Young punk 32. Closet case 26. You're fair. Chocolate. Chocolate. See, I can't say it to me. The rainagan says that he's such an imbistlement. Maybe he could have loathe with Oprah. See there goes with that racial thing again. I don't think he'd have one of them as black. So it's not a racial thing. They're chocolate 25. Walsh law or 20. Hateful bitch 19. Georgian O'Some of you. Screaming Queen 18. I know some of them. Angry Muslim 13. How do you like that? Oh my God. Wow. We better watch it. But I'm not throwing the controversial cartoons. Like, remember Jack Walsh going to got father, hips and cartoom. Cartoon. He knew he was psychic. Cartoon. I just can't get Jesse looks just a silly or unusual lady. I don't think. On CNN. He looks like a chops of gangster. Man, maybe he's in charge of the Harlem or something. Maybe bubble put him in charge of their wally. Numbers racket and Harlem. Mocha 10. Money grabbing bitch five and gothic solumente trace. Only three. Gothic. Yeah. Okay. Whatever you say. Well, they're on the dark side. You know, they watch reruns of what that show dark shadows. Okay. The Barnaby Barnabas, so whatever the hell is there. Barnabas Schwartz. WDQAM. Hello. No. I can just give Bill Ross now. Barnabas Schwartz always gets his man. Yes. Be for that one on your pole. One on multiple. Which? One for that. Okay. Hold on. Exactly. Good choice. Thank you. And I've been a gutter that yet. Very good. Who is the most despicable murderer of all time? He's right. Oh, Jay. How can we leave OJ off outside out of mind? I think I'm quite, quietly. 579 votes. He's probably coming up with new scams to steal satellite signals and stuff. Yeah. They're making quite on 780. Oh, is the easy on there again? Was that just one on the side? I don't know. I said it one thing. I think a lot of people like him are one shot deal. I don't know. With him being on the receiving end. Yeah. That's going to put them over the top. I mean, you know, when you get down, LeBastard and OJ and Stu got together, how can we compete with that? My God. He's going to slay us. Hitler 247, which obviously, I mean, you know, he'd win, but the race, the interesting race is for second place and turn for it. George W. Bush is a very strong second out, 135, the butcher of Washington, Stalin 45, the 911 Saudi hijackers 43. And you know, set foot Saudi hijackers because 15 of them were the Saudis and so we attacked the Taliban. And they did do very well. And so that we attacked Iraq, the Iraq attack. Susan Smith 28, that bitch. And she still live on her, her neighbors didn't for one who put her to death because they were. Yeah, right. Bitch. God Almighty. Osama, a bit laden only 26. He's small potatoes. And you remember what Bush was saying? Oh, I don't think about him much anymore. But now, with a set of mistakes in the union, he's like, they're resurrecting Osama. Osama, those misrepresentants. Always good when times get tough, man. Always bring and shut out Osama's image once again. And we all get those audio tapes and the video tapes with the, I'm in the prime in Alzawak, you're a hairy group. And we're here 17, and she's in the not house now. She ought to be pushing a basis. Tim McVay, he is pushing a panzy. He's got 16. Chuck Manson eight. Throw a old Charlie Manson. Tall pot seven. George liked it because he had anything with pot. Ted Bundy seven, three Harvey Oswald five. He was just a patty. Jack Ruby two. James Earl Ray one. James Earl Jones don't have any yet. David Berkowitz, the son of Sam, head one. Leopold and low. One. I can't believe anybody. That's probably Sean because he added on his full. But he sent me this idea. Remember they committed the perfect crime or they thought they did. Anyway, who was in that movie? I think what's his name? Oh, that guy. Huh? I don't know. Remember that movie? What's that movie? That movie? Leopold and low. Leopold. Dean Stockwell was in that movie. No relation to John Stockwell. Oh, Jason's just went on their Gary Gilmour don't have any. And Sir Hans Sir Han. Don't have any out of 602. You think these people even know who the hell Sir Hans Sir Han is. Another patty by the way, right? He was hypnotized. Just asked Dorothy from Alan. What? No, he was. Yeah, yeah. Let me ask you something. How can you all mimp bullets in the pantry there in the L.A. and the hotel? What does that work in the gun health? Where would they come from? Was it man? Oh, no, I'm not saying. I'm not doubting that there was more than one person involved. But the whole hit knows. No, he didn't have to give me a break. You don't. I don't know from nothing. Are you picking on the A-Rams again? Well, you know, I'm going to tell you we already got 13 A-Rams. They're going to come in kick your ass. They're going to meet those seven virgins real quick. Which I'm sure in your case probably be a blessing. Twelve minutes to act your 10 at five, six feet. So that's a little bit like a whole bunch of different polls today. I thought, right, I'll not. And what was that other one I had? What radio showed you? Let's see what the morning before 10. The reason I'm doing that is because now we got Howard's on serious and then Howard the pirate people listening on pirate the online. So let's say very much unlike the last time we did that. And then of course there's Hank who's on sometimes. Hey, when it comes to mattresses there are a lot of gimmicks. The latest are sweet numbers otherwise known as air mattresses. Full of hot air. The warranty for only two years is they squeak. They pop. Just like that. They can lose their setting during the night. And they cost you an arm and four legs. If you really want a high quality brand name mattress at the last few free years and years and call our good friends at dialo mattress, just call 1-800 mattress. When you call 1-800 mattress, you get no run around. No showroom shenanigans. Just factory direct prices on the best brands that you know and trust. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll choose from Florida's largest inventory of silly, surd a King Poil, Simmons, Teferpeetic and even Stearns in the dentist foster already for same day. Liberated prices lower than so called big name chains doors even during their phony big sales. So call 1-800 mattress. You can have the baby want delivered the very date and time you want to. Two hour delivery window and it's convenient for you like noon to two, one to three, two to four, etc. So many of us are QM or satisfy customers and I will guarantee how much of fat boys life on it you will be to. Call them today 1-800 mattress or log on right now to their website mattress.com. The easiest and simplest piece of shopping is a piece of cake without the carbs. Call 1-800-MATT-R-E-S. We've got the last test because it stands for Stoo-Pendis savings. This is the real rotter. This is 5-6-E-G-A-S. Only in the Bermatter Republic baby, only in Miami. From the Make-Mesic Road Backmatter, comes an epic tail of her bin-love from the other side of the valley. In Rainbow Reservation. Why you cry? Why you cry? Why you cry? Oh, flaming front eye. I feel you and your friends more than friends. I feel you baby. The whole person. Never. Rising long-horn bin-frens and spoils. It's how you look at me. How you look at you. The purple feather. The T.P. Death's Original. And those long-shook-over-mounted experiences of prairie like never before. As two Indian friends from Wibble Pries, the Jack-A-Guy and Lock-a-Drys. Spend nights alone in the wilderness. In a T.P., illuminated by the flickering campfire and serenaded by the sounds of nature. Oh, long-horn. Oh, brown eye. Oh, good grief. I can't milk-culture. Movie-critic-reserie. So is your chief? Who's your chief? Rainbow Reservation. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right. That makes sense with you, her near you. Take a few could that. Fire is a three-mourer. Our church is a Western Alabama. I think maybe some angry right hits done it. Don't you? Yeah, let's say it's that. Well, you know, the interesting part of that. And I'll get to that in a minute because they're just going to go an AXMIT about that in the various parts of the world of blue and now I have Channistan. But it was like a small newspaper. It was like a major Danish newspaper. Like a small, like the weekly reader or something. Nobody ever heard of it before. Like the flyer. Right, kind of like that. And anyway, oh Diana crashed caused by laser beam. Here's some more of fantastic stuff. No, listen to me, you're love this story. Just calm down with the guy head to Types. It was a firing. There being, yeah, it was Sir Han, the Sir. Sir, Sir, Sir, Sir, was your hand. It was all Sir hand. The crash that killed Diana, Princess of Wales and her lover Doty Fire, and see her some more ragheads involved in this, was caused by a laser beam being placed in the eyes of their driver. It's been claimed. The Virgin Mary is on a Totino's piece and there was a Lopez's house too. And a lot of people are showing up to see it. New witnesses. In fact, what is it? It's the 7th of April. At a week from yesterday. Next Monday is the 13th. Go to Rosa's house in Hollywood and see the Virgin Mary on a grilled cheese sandwich. Just for variety. She doesn't want to get stale. I say, let's see. What is this? We have the 16 different polls going on. This is the gay guy who ate all, no, and Michigan said he's talking about Jeffie Dahmer. He's got it on it. Oh, I see. Jeffie Dahmer. And then what about what's his name? Yeah. In Illinois. What's his name? How could I not remember? John Wayne Gacy. Oh, yeah. The clown's. Everybody loves the clown. That's what Gary Lewis is saying when he was still speaking. And I got news for you. If your father was your Louis, you'd quit talking to him. I thought it'd give me. You'd clam up. Lady. Anyway. New witnesses of told British detective. He was leading a fresh air. We get these on there by the way. They were just talking. Yes. Leading a fresh anchor to the fatal August 97 accent, they saw him. Motorcyclist pointed a laser in the eyes of the chauffeur on repall, who was a little 50, too. Cousin the Mercedes to crash inside the pond below whatever tunnel in Paris. One witness said he saw an enormous radar like flash of light. Reports you came in his paper that Ali expressed. The new evidence supports the arrested Diana, Alphayette, and Paul were assassinated by the British Secret Service on behalf of the UK World family, who are a bunch of Nazis anyway. So why should that surprise anybody? The Nazis like to kill people. The laser plot came to light as French medics from the hospital where the Princess died French was pregnant at the time of the crash. Conspiracy theorists in Sysdian and her lover were killed with wood to royal families in Burris met having a child by a muslim. Alphayette's father, Tycoon, Muhammad Alphayette, as always maintained the crash was not the next to him. The investigation has been made by former Metropolitan Police Commissioner Lord Stevens. The audience is expected to rise into next year. There you go. There you go. There's back here, Diana, because nobody in this country, in your country, here is here to like the Cantatheon, the Biblical Court. He's still got the Queen on the $20 bill, and he's still got the, oh god. I forget what they call her. They got some bitch that's like the representative of the Queen. We've got like a some figurehead title. I can't think what they call her here. I call her just to silly as bitch. Man, this is a little update. I used to be before we get to a film up these other 15 pulls. I think I'm honest, I'm pretty sure. This is good. And then when they least expected, then we can spring one of them pulls on our website. Say yeah. Man accused in Carlot fire, resigns from North Miami Beach job. Well, I guess that was the right thing to do, isn't it? Sure. Gerald George Jettis, accused of torching an North Miami Day dealership Saturday because of it is sped over a new car he had purchased. Resign yesterday from his job with the city of North Miami Beach. George Jettis 56 had managed in book tax of the city's jewels lit and performing our speed of the last four years. North Miami Beach mayor Raymond Marin said George Jettis handed in his resume. She asked him this morning. On Saturday, George Jettis walked in the Metro Ford at 900 North West 7th Avenue. Upset over the deal, it made for a new Ford escape. He was totally couldn't change it. George Jettis then got out of the car and told the new car through the shore and glass. Now, if the final bullet was set on fire, damaging the dealership and as many as a dozen more cars on display. George Jettis was arrested in charge with first of the we are soon criminal Mr. different way, so I'm $1500. And the city of North Miami Beach said goodbye and said, OK. Good idea. Oh, give him more time to go and take you take out. He needs to take those anger management classes. Right? Absolutely right now. I mean, did you say that? And we get John Wayne Gacy and Jeffrey Domer. How it's so easy to forget there. So many. What about what the Richard spec? What about it? Not to speak. Spec. That's whoever he was looking all those nurses in Chicago. Something about Illinois and when Wisconsin at whole, at whole area, that we saw the video of him in prison years later. He had grown some boobs and he was doing cocaine off a black men's thighs. Really? Yeah. Are they spec? That's him. He took hormones while he was in prison to produce some boobs. Yeah. And when I'm working with John, yeah, that's not probably made in pretty popular in there. I would imagine. 649 votes. I wouldn't do that pool thing. So that's the end. Can we. And now we also got to 1 for tomorrow. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. This is great. Man, we just fell into a bucket of stuff, you know it. So in other words, it's the first five polls going to pivot. Then certainly one of the pile will do it. Larry goes when those stupid polls again and all he'd I am right. Two bad. You love it. All these belly acres. Oh, gee, not another. And now he's doing like six at a time. I wouldn't mind doing six at a time. And he can write down to it. Ex president Carter says, he's dropping illegal. Even though of course yesterday, we had, uh, Irma Abilashay's junior of Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez Schwartz lying to his teeth. I like the fact that you'll buy it and basically call them a liar. That was good. Nice going. Actually, he'll be back. Yeah, every once in a while, Joe books his up a little bit. Then he, he, then he revert's back to being the worst again. No. But he called them basically a liar. Which, you know, we need a lot more of that. We need to know, uh, there's too much bad crap going on right now. And it's about time that American, the Congress started acting a lot more like the Canadian and British, uh, parliament. You know, when it starts screaming each other, you heard updates and clips from the house to comments. That's great. It's pretty common. And they're banging on the desk. They're screaming, you can barely hear the speaker. They're just especially with that. They like all shouting each other down. It's great. And the occasional brawl would be bad. Maybe John McCain and Barack Obama are going to get into it. Now that they're seeing you hostile, uh, glances and letters. Former president Jimmy Carter criticized the Bush administration domestic eavesdropping program yesterday and said he believes the president is broken the law just like his brother broke it when he was peeing on the side of buildings. Remember that? He too much gullier beer. I don't think it was legal. Sure it is. Under the Bush administration has been a disgraceful and illegal decisions. You must said we're not going to let the judges of the Congress or anyone else know that we're spying on the American people, Carter told reporters and no one knows how many of us in Americans have had their privacy violent on the secret act. How many million? About 30 million. We just got the answer right there. And they may be spying on you right now. They may be monitoring me your calls to your book, either your, uh, or house, whatever might be. Carter made the remarks at a union hall near Las Vegas where his oldest son Jack Carter announced his candidacy for the US Senate. The former president also reviewed the attorney general Alberto V. O. Five Gonzalez for telling Congress that the spying program is authorized under article through the Constitution and doesn't violate the 784 and told in surveillance act. Pastoring Carter's reign. Gonzalez made the assertions and testimony before the Senate did is here. It's a ridiculous argument not only bad, it's ridiculous. Say Jimmy and a person in his position can't afford it made to look ridiculous. Obviously the attorney general said it's all right to torture prisoners. It's going to support the person to put him into office, but he's a very partisan attorney general. There's no doubt that he would say that Carter said, I hope eventually the case will go to the Supreme Court. I have no doubt that when it's over, the Supreme Court ruled that Bush is violated the law, even with the Nazis they got on there now. The former president said he would testify before the duty here at committee if asked, if my worst is important to the point of the intent of the law that was passed when I was present, I know all about that because it was one of the most important decisions I had to make. And those move on dot org spots are great. Have you seen one yet where they got Nixon Bush or more for you? No, we each other. No. Well, they run in them all over the place and they're great. And then of course they have once here, my can't cure a philips, man. There's another one she needs to be taken out. Cure a philips, Dana Bage, Wolfwood's great, Lou Daz, they got a whole line up of Nazis, a card carrying full fledged Nazis. They're on a certainly Nazi news network. Man, and she's on her and they played the clip and then she's critiquing now, but I beat that it would be all the crap. And like I told you, there's Dick Durbin here today. Well, I wouldn't, I think it's an inappropriate comparing him to Richard Nixon. Why the hell is that? Maybe have about to eight-alt Hitler. How about like morphing him back and forth with Hitler would be better? With him without the must-a. All right. That's next. Let's see, murderers for the list. Jim Jones is the cool A-man. I'd say Richard's spec, and I just say that very good, Riley. This is Riley who's been way for a little bit. But came back. With a bad kind of like Rick Riley. He's been away for a long time and people are so well. I wonder if he feels so good. Although sure, if had you was stuck. Fair of a bad one. He has now on whatever it is. Jim Jones, the Menendez brothers. Okay. Eric and there was the other one. Oh, you're in Lyle. Very good. Lyle. He was kind of Lyle, I love it because he did love it. Uh, you've brightened these down or not? Yeah, we've got the Richard Remirer as the night stalker. Although we did like that show a lot tonight stalker. What that was the guy who was on that show. You'll never think of it. Oh, you're in the cabin. Very good. Boy, that's shocking. I was walking the facts over to Josh so that he wouldn't have to. John Wayne Gesey, the killer clown. Everybody loves the clown and he loved Alan Yadoye. The other ones who were like hanging out under his house for a few. He liked to eat them too. The BTK killer Dennis Raider. We'll put him on here. But I still say, you know, we know the open Raiders. We don't know too much about the BTK killer. Except, well, we know where they make that sandwich. Scott Peterson. But he didn't. I don't think so. Huh? No. I mean, how do you compare somebody like that who would kind of come to the killing one person. Probably he's other mass murderers. I'm sorry. Two people. You're not that fetus. No. And Richard Speck. A lot of murderers out there. A lot of killing the killing fields. A lot of people killing. Although Bush seems to be a very solid spot there in second way. Had a stalling. Stalin even though he killed millions of people. He was small potatoes. Because we expected him to, you know, because he was a county pickle bad guy. Bush was this compassionate conservative Yahoo from Texas. Who's going to bring decency back in. And at the meantime, he's like a dictator. Now he's just making it up as he goes along. And all these people are dying for more mercencers today. And no one in sight, they got chaos in bloodshed and violence. And even Christiane Anam on poor is another shield for the government, for the Pope. For anybody she can shield for. Even she said, it's madness over there. It's chaos. And the thing is a nightmare is what she said. How do you like that? I don't know. I'll tell you what you will like in that terrorist staycast. Whether or not you live near downtown Fort Lauderdale. It's worth those zip and on over there because terrorist stay can launch her house. He's sensational. We're talking about not just from the son kind of a dive, but a really fantastic restaurant on the 17th Street Causeway. You'll find terrorists. She's there almost every any given night greeting guests at her new 200-seat restaurant. Allowance, probably bring in East Coast residents the same fantastic unique Jordanian experience that earned her Markle Island restaurant near Perfect Marks. And he's against her way. And a wine spectator, Ward Vexlons, violence. Now, boasting over 380 selections for the world's greatest wine regions. The main attraction always you'd expect that terrorist stay can launch. Drows is just what it tells you. Stake it lobster juicy delicious. They do a fine job with a lot of other things too. Like their conia confused lobster, bisk. The mom's classic crab cakes. A great selection of fresh seafood and chops. A lot of people refer to terraces. The Peter Lugur the South. That's your top good it is. Sausages and dressings are made fresh in-house every day. And hands-selected right edge shortlines are used to prefer their signature order house for 1, 2, 3, and 4 served cut away from the bone on a sizzling platter at melts in your mouth. Sweet and tender is the only way to describe terrorist treatisex found main lobster collection. They're prepared anyway like a misty and world stuff will not crab meat or for the with a filet for the element served in turf. And now being stone crab season terrorist quickly becoming the stone crab house too. You don't have to fight the traffic and date counted to get those jumboed sweets. Make sure to reserve advance because they go really fast. The Ole Miss terrorist happy hour every Monday through Friday two for one special drinks or their complimentary wine tasting your be Thursday 530 to 730 minutes to come out for dinner. It's a fantastic place you're going to love a terrorist take in lobster house. 1430 southeast 173 coswin for a loaded offer reservations called 954. 765 6202. 954 765 6202 or check them out of the website. Terrorstick and lobster house.com. This is New Roger's. This is 516. I've worked Joe. 3. Another couple shows. Go to try to climb my Joe. I've had them skies. We made you pay for the fare. We had bread and bread breeder. I've to try a loaded extra Chinese pie for the fare. Let's lift the fifth. sitzenstar hey? Don't mess with this. And cannot fucking go with me. He hasn't raced you'll say... He's won't be criminals, they are mic你说 they have done this. Ha, enjoyed. Speaking of heavens gate, who was that one there that had everybody like Sliced off their privates a bigger part oh, okay would go oh That's right was that his name was dough that was his fake name his real name was I don't know well was it all Smith or something we could look at it. It was math. I don't know I love him like him a lot on the year. I thought he was terminal dough and what are he was killing people? John Miami, Denise, he's never said the pieces and a facelets get him on their right away. John Miami at all I don't know if we might be picking on some guy called my Hammond now You know we don't want to be ragging on my Hammond is that like magnet macadone Jesus Ragging on my Hammond 5.6. I'll see here's the pull we're gonna be doing tomorrow Oh, I think I'm getting sadistic in my old age in your old age Yeah, well, I'm tired of being a masochist. I'm kind of like turning it around Marshall Apple white Yeah, but we never who would have ever thought of that Not me right right not any of us go to John guys probably know what though There you go Can't say cut off your nuts though Which of today's pop singers are groups is the worst we did this quite a while ago long time ago In fact, I show you how long ago was it was when the back street boys and then stick all in boy bands and this needs child and a crap Which of today's one of the we don't know too many of today's singers are groups because we're we're not healthy The top 40 not that power 96 stuff although we could get a consultant from over there to You know keep while I loop a consultant I'm winking when I'm saying that I see I don't know that we have a power 96 consultants You call that a consultant. I thought he cleaned his desk out took all the houses off the wall I don't judge was telling me other than but just you know we have two power any six consultants We got to last count right yeah some of the guy with the ponytail that I don't know is name Well, that's three then because they're also Greg Right we got three consultants over there and they still look can't find an audience at any rate Which of today's pop singers are groups is the worst we got from the originalist puffed at the M&M Gloria Stefan written each spirit is Ricky Martin Who's the latest hit golden showers is zooming to the top Ryan Kerry Jennifer Lopez old J. Lo and we gay glaciers which I take personal front to that Mark I hope that you wouldn't sing as well out of a paper sack Madonna Christina Aguilar a Jamie Fossley that it married jay blive Kelly Carson I mean who the fact that Kelly Carson's got a Song on the top on the Billboard top of it and Ashley Simpson who's also in the top 30 And bus arrived from reservoir put in bus garage because it's a good time Because his bling man He'll be with the button killed the other day bus to rhymes and I don't have the idea if I ever heard a song by bus to rhyme or if I see him in videos Because quite frankly I don't want to sound like you know, but the rhymes is just fine Is he really yeah well we put him on anyway Robert Blake files for bankruptcy voices like O. J all over again only in this case the bitch had a coming that that's the only difference I see Right right because we all believe that they both done it, but in this case, you know Bobby Blake out off We say all right you go Bobby Robert Blake has filed for bankruptcy two and a half months after a civil court jury found he intentionally caused his wife death and ordered her children 30 million damages She ain't gonna get 30 cents Blake was a putted march in criminal court of murdering bunny Lee Bakley and like we said she had to come a nice trailer by the way, buddy And Friday's filing he listed his big otter is security weaver was so good in that movie It was scary it was just scary and see he was lucky because he had a real cool mom who was you know again living a little bit in the past in the 60s But that was better than the alternative being like daddy who wasn't living at all was like You know well the wife was in a Dolphrist what do you want? Had to raise her with that like I said she was living in the 60s again got raised somebody else's look ahead for the good stuff Well she wasn't just that Paxi was on for she was looking for the good stuff Not just they he wasn't there given that oh it wasn't even given the bad stuff To the movie tragic in the Friday's filing he listed his biggest liability that's Bobby Blake as the 30 million dollar judgment a one by a federal tax bill of 1.2 million and a 234,000 state tax assessment California the filing says he has assets of 101,500 1000 well, that's not good man Blake several attorney city believes the former tough guy actor is broke otherwise I wouldn't have written off 200 grand and fees he said The attorney said he can't as legal fees a 250 grand plus cost a former bread of stars back with see filing indicates He was the attorney a brand but there are dobin the attorney represented baked these families civil trial Question whether Blake is financially destitute the concept of Robert Blake doing everything he handled boy peng was highly anticipated dobin said And we're ready for it He said Blake sold two homes and we see years you decline to see what it thinks Blake is worth But said the actor's spread his assets around the numerous corporations. He spread it around you know Kind like What's your name We spread it around body she spread it around to Private investigator Scott Ross who helped with Blake's criminal offensive Blake lives off his pension He's just a retired investor living out of pension can't even afford that cockatoo normal So let's see we got the appoll on the murderers. We got the singer so I just kill him us We got movies that you could watch his billion times like heat and imaginary heroes. You think we are with serious about heat? Yeah a lot of people want you to see that movie you go ahead They want me to see it I You hate a VHS no, it's a nice and not your style. It's a shoot him up. Oh Well nothing wrong with shoot him up. It's just not whatever. I'll send you to VHS if you want and In fact, they're really good for a dream. That was a shoot. They were shooting up. Yeah, that eventually 5 6 7 0 5 Thank you Yeah, well, it's kind of asked to ask if he asked me pound five 60 and be Verizon see your whack of this line Now let's see I keep trying to remember because it doesn't make any difference because Josh has tasted movies It's so marginal anyway. Did you see Reckley and for dream? It was great movie. Oh, thank God. Boy if you and if you did not get movie We had a Georgia to come flying through that window and just kick your ass That's not what I would have the money to do that Don't take in fighting lessons so I would have to hire somebody to do taking karate lessons is writing I didn't take karate what do you mean fighting lessons? What is that? What is fighting lessons? You know fighting when people hit each other in the face of you But I never heard that expression before fighting lessons Looks like the it's the whole shibang you learn all different things But by the way, I don't I don't watch you know I got good taste to movies But now that you don't have to face the music anymore, what do you have to do that? I'm too little bit late For what right you ride? I should just a case no comes back and makes Josh I'll be ready We ready to face the good get my karate trap and you'll the back dome here. Stop All her hands Hey speaking of man hair pieces If you guys have a hair loss problem if you're currently wearing a hair system you must listen to this right now Charles Alfier has been supplying a designing hair systems for showbiz people Politicians big shots and little shots every day guys like you for over 40 years now 40 years And most people say you can always spot a hair system the answer that is the good ones you'll never Just about the bad ones forget about those the musk rag beside down inside of your head Who was the guy we saw TV that one day and it looked like the thing was flopping off the side of his head Remember that Jack Horkiver Oh Miss Horkiver that's right very good memory this Horkheimer she had a ramus grads Fookin on the side of her head Charles Alfier a her systems are completely natural design was just about to mount a hair and they proper recessions Write your hands through it it looks and feels just like your own real hair and listen to this deal For just 99 bucks Charles Alfier will custom design a her system for you All you have to do is try for a couple of weeks if you're happy with the way it looks and feels and smells If people are pawing clawing at you all over the places yours for just an initial 500 bucks. That's it And Charlie is so confident that you'll be satisfied he offers you the following unbeatable guarantee If you're not completely happy with your hair system just return it just throw it at him and say here's your hair back Charlie And he'll give you back to 99 bucks. That's enough where you can't refuse So you have nothing at all to lose except that ugly shiny balls butt that makes you look like an old geek Call Charlie a day toll free making appointments office in for a love ordeal and he'll sit your ass down and show you actually how much better and younger He can make you look there's nothing like it So forget about the dangerous pills knows awful looking musk rats call today toll free 1-800-321-2413 and look like a mentor again 1-800-321-2413 around the wicked web Charles Alfierry dot com And I don't And I don't Right like a man and one go Just reporting bunch of pills Oh And I come and be one go So we signed bond It can kill And I like a man and be one go And Mr. Pauler tell you a few more I like a man and be one go He said hey Mr. Pauler, Lord, tell me of the body I like a man and be one go Six men seven men eight men 10 All right, I come and be one go Six men seven men eight men 10 All right, I come and be one go He said hey don't Right like a man and be one go He said hey Mr. He said hey I come and be one go I'll be one bunch of our boss Right like a man and be one go See this spirit in the class But I like a man and be one go Six men seven men eight men 10 All right, I come and be one go Six men seven men eight men 10 All right, I come and be one go Six men seven men 10 All right, I come and be one go I think he was just hypnotized Now what that was his name because I noticed he's the one can Specularly missing from our pool today Dove go Marshall Apple White I don't see him on there Oh, maybe you Marshall Apple White in parentheses you put go Or just Homer Simpson I was reading that when I looked it up to find his name There was this whole big thing on it apparently he was another closet case No, I had issues What's so involved with everybody's like private's you know her some people are concerned with sergeants in generals he was concerned more like with private's So there you go, he got to he'll go on eventually as soon as the Josh gets around with no fool get today Though that's probably ways a little off his feed That's good point. We should get some five six seven Oh five sixty so let's see we got the mass borders. We got bad singers who are killers with their awful attempts to sing We got movies that you can watch a zillion times and what radio showed you yesterday with the morning before 10 Hahahahaha, all right Well, you talk about keep minimum balance Right, absolutely So you know it's simple in a brain always In fact, I think by the middle of the slide time goes from my summer schedule We'll have like a polls all set up for the next three years That's good idea talk about being an optimist Find a way to welcome our new sales manager to QAM his name is Chris Jones sounds like a real guy. I mean Chris Jones Who's worked with Joe Bell for 20 years now Amy's coming to us from Rally North Carolina From ad street and Rally they make fun of the people that live where our property is wow He was stationed manager for clear channel Rally. Oh boy. Here's a guy coming from T-channel. He's probably a spy But anyway, he's good buddies with your bell and he's certainly a he might even and always not even here yet At least not full time of big improvement over what he's well. We don't want to go on bad do we like I said he's a big How many QAM hello? Hi there. Yes, sir. Just go from California. I love this now. Yeah. Yeah. I like we story, huh? Go back Reverend death. How many QAM hello QAM I Hello Well, okay man. It was good. Let's get that line. Let's keep that line hooked up all day 5 6 7 we got 15 different polls going on here. We still got no calls. This is just like yesterday all over again 5 6 7 0 5 60 5 6 in the Verizon singular wireless lines I don't think we're gonna make it to that March 1st at 30th anniversary I'm turning man. I think right up business now. I think we like shot our bolt if I can say that like the lightning we shot our bolts Thanks for that big pool and we just exhausted all the energy from this massive audience and they gave it that one last Iran and it was it That was the end W QA and Echo line hello Hey Neil. Yes, sir. He don't okay I got some good news about all day He was a car team. Okay great 5 6 7 0 5 60 I thought this was go go over like a halivine man hat and you know it not happening Boy, there must be something going on you know tell me about like it's the transfer to actually in the on position We're conserving the energy load of the bodies Set any van in the contract. Do any QAM hello? Yeah, yeah Okay, alright I just want to ask the one thing about that super bowl. Yeah, okay. Well, go ahead. That's somebody it cares about it 5 6 7 we're saying we have 15 different polls now. We can't get a selection for any of that's good I'll tell you let's let's come up with about 20 or 30 more Okay, alright, just by accident whatever they say there'll be a slide for it. I want them about following what do you hate? Yeah, what up WKWM hello I'm your Charlie from the high-sharling great. WQAM hello Are you doing yeah, okay? 5 movie you can watch over it over again. I'm being serious to 399 a landmark here for films the wizard of us Wizard of Oz you can watch over and over again absolutely I don't want to go to Kansas Okay, that's what you're about it. I guess I tell this a lot about him in other words. I have no life Wow, would you ever why would you ever want to consider watching that again? Let's just see that like 20 times already I think I'm done, but I'm just saying would you ever consider watching it again? I mean, you ever imagine like you have children Now I'm talking about you forget about children. Oh, like I know you watch it I thought you know what you said that would instead there watch it like a day after day after day after day Because you're so smitten with it. See I don't even understand the question. I wait for the remake Which ought to be coming out of that. That would be fantastic would do lies in Manelli. I watch the wizard She's the only one that could find this in the right of his or mother WQAM hello good morning Neil on your poll. I would say before 10 o'clock. I listen to Bob and Tom Okay, and I go right to you and as far as the movie that I can watch all the time is Joe Joe dirt yeah, man. Hey, let me show Neil Bye Joe dirt you see that no, and I won't see it. Why? Who's he with? They'd movie oh David's fade how about a David soul movie don't give up on it. How would you say? I already gave up on it David's fade Can't stand David's I can't stand anybody who I still I still have a spoon If I like David's fade love hands stand them. I don't get it. He's must be there's something going on there I think mama should have been spayed yeah WQAM hello Speaking yeah Yeah Yeah Okay, I'm not praising shadows Don't care about it. How about it? I'm ready to give up on it. That's good on the pay. Okay, it's great. Okay. Oh my god Good thing he finished speaking right there because I don't think he's going to be with us too much longer blazing stattles God almighty whoo, that's okay You can be from 9 to 90 on the shooting be from 5 to 500 we don't care If you got some to say or even if you don't have something to say we invite you Call them to the Nazi make heavens up the state already here. Okay. Let me get to the important stuff Well, these people are waiting to figure out here. They don't get it now. They don't understand They're like huh? Well, what are we supposed to do now? Whatever you like whatever you like We're here to entertain to amuse to kill four hours. Do you want to kill some good time? Let's play the verge tender 15 times There you go those those really yesterday. They were killing all right. They were killing us and themselves In fact, hopefully maybe they finished the job Curtis Stevenson again today for the second day of the world. Maybe that's a trend Including drop of martin it's for your clock. That'll be a tune out two to four Froggy drop martin panthers coach any interest none mad dogs you made it's 4 to 7 3 solid hours no interruptions Oh now look at that says 4 to 7 man. It's an n6 30 panther preview this clearance man this kid calls me again yesterday at 415 in the afternoon sitting there my name is this watching TV and the phone rings this clearance again Totally unnecessary call Totally unnecessary if I wanted to repeat something and a message that never got through before the jewelry anybody else Wouldn't that like a send a follow up email or call somebody and say something you mama But no you got to keep that phone ringing you gotta keep nudging and nudging and nudging That's why people are beginning to hate you like poison clearance because you're a nudge Nudge Anyway, mad dog 4 to 6 30 our podgeras for Clarence's bed 6 30 it's panthers preview probably with Jesse Agler or somebody and the seven o'clock it's the panthers at the Washington Caps ought to be a gilly They're crushing about Alexander Ovechkin, but nevertheless and it decay follows the hockey game. That's our award winning lineup Dairy to try to match it. How do you like their worst name? I put the juice on I think the OJ Simpson show would be really good How about having them on like about six seven hours a day murder tips How to sharpen the knife using my hemagets people wild a 10 56 at five 60 W QA and with lightning quick speed the latest features in security Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust And today you can get on board for just 9 95 a month or two months With it always on connection speed of six megabytes Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL one five and up to a hundred times faster than dial up With your downloading music watching streaming video playing online games are disturbing your favorite sites And we know what those probably are Comcast reliable fast connection means to be flying through the internet Plus when you son of for Comcast high speed internet you get instant access to features like the fan video mail Comcast rapsity radio plus and up to seven personal email accounts is the name of you not only that You also get macrophied security tools included so you can be assured that your internet experiences always safe and secure So what to be waiting for start doing more faster than ever before sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 9 95 a month or two months and you wonder how you ever lived without it in date call 305 Comcast and of course in 9 5 4 Comcast This is Real Roger No Just stay still, you sit hanging round Seems everybody put me down Because everybody in my school Always got to play me for the food And I'm not getting too old and so bad Or what I tried to do Next side that I go to school And I'm shooting you They call the names and say I floor Now I'm the president of the field of law Oh, get my dad and spare more days They're not gonna blow them all away And if I get you to your dreams So bad and what I tried to do Next side that I go to school And I'm shooting you I can't get you to your dreams So bad and what I tried to do Next side that I go to school And I'm shooting you Oh, dry What about the keyboard and the hearers? What's that their name? Or was it dibble for the voting machine? People to hear us from a column by him Oh, that's right What do you mean all that's right? How to say that? Well, people to hear us and think like like a Gilbert, Gilbert, I'm thinking about it Yeah, I'm thinking about it You and the chicken egg man got a lot in common It's all What are you thinking? Like Gilbert and Sullivan like some sort of a Broadway composed Yeah, you hold it her It's like Gilbert's talent How many times do you have Gilbert and Ed Solomon? Yeah Oh, I believe he's nice funny He says my grandma used to call Ed Sullivan Ed Solomon Because everybody in her was Jewish Everybody saw it anyway Gilbert and Ed Solomon Right, that's a both equally impressive My cousin Vinnie says a female listener for the poll on the movies And also before attention, he listens to magic one or two points So I'll swipe her right and Paul on your outside out of mind But here's the list I got for that so far I might as well give you all the twenty different list I got How did I do this? I don't know because I wasn't really decided what I was going to do for tomorrow You know? So we're just who knows when we'll do these? Right here Radio show you listen to before 10 in the morning None Hank Joe Rose NPR Howard Stern on serious Howard Stern parrited like on the internet Why 100 to power 96 Bob and Tom era America Which I don't know who's on on our cure WID and the same thing Magic one or two points seven and Ron and Paul on not so big no more Oh The United Nations eventually The staff and NATO peacekeepers rush to reinforcements to an Northwest Afghan town After debuting fighting erupted during a protest against cartoons of the prophet Muhammad Officials said this is so ass-in In fact that anybody in the media could possibly justify this Well there were very insensitive They are right your mama okay insensitive my ass This business of responding every time you don't like something You get pissed off or you feel you've been offended with all the issues for violence And if you saw I need a footage yesterday from Lebanon And then some of the stuff from Syria It's just an excuse to go into street and act like a lunatic All kids are laughing and it's like a Like a basically party is what it is Yeah, if I've one kid was young I'd hard Yeah, yeah, like most of the time when anybody writes Yeah, just all the big party for the punks party for the punks And while we're at it we'll kill a few people and murder few buildings down and have ourselves a gay old time Yeah, yeah, how do you who it is crap? At least one person was killed in dozens injured in latest Afghan violence Which came as angry protests spread across Asia and as Denmark urged citizens to leave Indonesia Get out of there You know those angry those great dames always been considered so dangerous The cartoons first appeared in a small Danish newspaper and we're pretty in several other papers in Europe Asia the USA and the Middle East Islam prohibits depictions of one hand But well, you know that's up to them fine. You do whatever you want to do And as far as the rest of us will do whatever they want to do that's the way the world works the real world Tuesday is writing in a more town of Mme Manah was one of about a half a dozen flash points that erupted across Afghanistan Protesters earned well the solve rifles and grenades attacked an Aero base in my Mme Nama Whatever it is burning an armored vehicle you went car and guard posts A doctor it may Mme Manah hospital told A.P. he said one protestor was shot dead in six of his wounded While some 50 others were heard by cheer guys the peacekeeper used to disperse the administrators Where just quoted napkins security officials saying as thwart people were dead 18 wounded in the fighting over car tomb Here we go to like you know get us pissed off. We're gonna kill They can't figure out how to do the world is like got what they call this Islamophobia, you know right like I said Let's get all the angry Jews and all the angry herbs together there in the Gaza where we're going to want to get together In Manhattan at some Delhi somewhere at Louisa in the Bronx and go ahead and have a good time killing each other I leave the rest of us alone until there's nobody that wants to kill anybody right exactly just just have a shootout You know these really's got the nuclear weapons that they got all the musis and they have Palestine is got their rocks And I swear a fight just kill each other leave us alone And they show you what a bunch of hypocrites to these people are Your rands large is selling newspaper now today. It's holding a contest on cartoons of the Holocaust and respond to the publishing of that Carricot your prophet Muhammad. Yeah, that'll learn them. Yeah, it'll be an international cartoon contest about the Holocaust And Farid more Tazabi the graphics editor for Hamashah here with newspaper, which is published by terran's conservative municipality He said the plan was to turn the tables on the assertion that newspapers can put offensive material in the name of freedom or expression You know what let him go ahead and print a day they've been printing this stuff for years anyway The likes of papers printed these psychologists cartoons on the pretext of freedom of expression So let's see if they mean what they say and also put these Holocaust cartoons He said Iran's scarcely anti Israeli regime is supportive of so called Holocaust revisionist historians who maintain the systematic slaughter by Nazis of mainland Europe's Jews as well as other groups to WWE to either be invented or exaggerated Okay, but that's another heaven a a we're in our well you are obnoxious. So we're gonna out obnoxious you I think they win. I got a great I told us by Christopher Hitchens, what are my least favorite people? That's what makes it more meaningful The case for mocking religion by Christopher Hitchens and slate.com. Let's see since no one's helping with your murder or for a Briley's back again Jesus, K. Christman get a life or you please I have no life and Ray Yates that would be timely. I think she's on it though, isn't she? I thought so. Yes, she just got said to the not how she's on air. You better get with it, Riley. Where's she? Yeah, she's got 21 photos. She's way up there Whose Charles and G Charles and Charles and he's the I guess what are those Vietnamese is that name? They came in a buddy kidnapped and tortured a whole bunch of people to them. Yeah, sexually assaulted them killed them Babies women things. I didn't put all these on I'll read to south of Boston Stranger Ed Gine Is it Ginos who was Ed Gine was at the Green River killer? I get those old. No, no Ed Gine was the guy that You know that was right. We have right you rid of the leather face right Joseph Mangala. Yeah, and he was just patchking around. That's right. He was just conducting experiments But even for all these on their Ali and war knows Charles Whitman the separate the Texas University He was up there in a watch tower for the doors Okay, so anyway, here's this article by Christopher Hitchens on slate who is anything buddy County Pink or Liberal As well as being a small masterpiece of in our particular sea and self-advigation whatever that means these statements from the state department route this week International Muslim a program against the free press was also accidentally accurate Anti Muslim images are as unacceptable as anti-Semitic images and anti-Christian images Or any other religious belief Thus the half-lish Sean McCormick reading painfully slowly from what was reported as a prepared government statement How are Pauling for the country of the first amendment to be represented by such an administration? What does he mean unacceptable that it should be forbidden and how a visible that a spokesman cannot distinguish between Criticism of a belief system and slight against the people however the illiterate McCormick is right and unintentionally comparing racist levels to religious face Many people appointed out that the Arab and Muslim presses replete with anti-duished caricature Often of the most lurid and hateful kind in one way to compare his hopelessly and exact These fall items mostly apparent countries where the state decides what is published abroad cast however when Muslims Republished the protocols of the elders of Zion are perpetual with the story of Jewish blood sacrifice at Passover They're recycling the fantasies of the Russian Orthodox Christian secret police and centuries of Roman Catholic and Lutheran propaganda And when an Israeli politician refers to Palestinians as snakes or pigs or monkeys It is near to ways certainly that he'll be a rabbi Most usually rabbi, Ovede, Yoseph, the leader of the disgraceful Shast party, and will cite tomutica 30 for his racism For most of human history religion and bigotry have been two sides of the same coin and it still shows There are four there's a strong case for saying that the denuous newspaper Islands post and those who've recruited it separate out of solidarity are forming the right to criticize not merely Islam or religion in general And the Bush administration has no business at all expressing an opinion on that if it is to say anything It's constitutionally obliged to uphold the right and no more you can be sure that the relevant European newspapers have also printed their share of cartoons Making fun of nuns and poops and messianic Israelis settlers and talking child-raping priests There was a time when this would not have been possible but those taboos have been broken Which is what taboos are for islam is very large claims for itself And it's Arthur's a prejudice against representing the human form at all the prohibition on picturing the prophet who was only another male mammal is apparently absolute So is the prohibition on pork or alcohol or some Muslim societies music or dancing very well then Let a good Muslim or stand rigorously from all of these but he claims the right to make me have seen as well He offers the clearest possible warning and proof of an aggressive intent this court uneasy coresistences only in interlude he seems to say For the moment all I can do is claim to possess absolute truth and demand absolute immunity from criticism But in the future you'll do what I say and you'll do it on paint of death I refuse to be spoken to in that tone of voice which is it happens? I try to chance to find offensive by the way hasn't the word offensive become really offensive lately The innate human revulsion against this equation is much older than a monotheism It's most powerful expression is antiquity of suffocities it belongs to a civilization I'm not asking for the right to slaughter a pig in the synagogue or mosque or relieve myself on a holy book But I will not be told by candy pork and I'll not respect those who burn books at a regular basis I to ask drunk convictions and beliefs and value the enlightenment above any priesthood or a sacred fetish object It's rewarding to me to breathe the same mirror as waffles from the exhalations of the mubbundrases or the wicking fumes of the suicide murders of the sermons of Billy Graham and Joseph Ratsinger But he's same principles of mine also prevent me from wicking random violence on nearest church or kidnapping a Muslim at random and holding him a hostage Or violating diplomatic community by attacking the embassy of the on-boys of even the most difficult despotic Islamic state or making him a run Expecter like myself threatening blood and fire to far away individuals who may have hurt my feelings The baby is rumour fueled tantrums that erupt all the time, especially in the Islamic world show yet again That faith belongs to the sport and selfish childhood of our species As it happens the cartoons themselves are not very brilliant or very more than either But if Muslims don't want their alleged prophet identified with barbaric acts or adolescent fantasies They should say publicly that random order for virgins is not an irrelevant religion and here Here are one runs up against a curious reluctance in fact soon he must believe is can't even seem to condemn the blowing up of she had mosque and funeral Persertions which even I would describe as sacralage Of course there are many millions of Muslims who do worry about this and not the reason for condemning the idiots that foggy bottom is a resumption The anguish in many ways that the first lens mob on the scene is actually the genuine voice of the people there's an insult that Islam if you like The question of offense of this is easy to decide first to pose that we all agreed to comport ourselves in order to avoid offending the believers How could we ever be sure that we had taken enough precautions on Saturday appeared on CNN Which was so terrified of reprisal that it pixelated the very cartoons that is dearly to see and this ignoble fear in Atlanta Georgia arose because an illustration in the small Scandinavian newspaper of which nobody had ever heard before It is not clear then that those who are determined to be offended will discover a provocation somewhere We can't possibly adjust enough to please the fanatics and it's the grading to make the attempt Second and important enough to be insisted upon can't the discussion be carried out without threat of violence or the automatic resort to it When Salman Rushney published a satanic versus an 88 He did so in the hope of forering a discussion that was already opening in the Muslim world between extreme Corrannic literalists and those who hoped that text could somehow be interpreted We know that his own reward was and we sometimes forget that the thought was directed not just against him That against all those involved in this publication We're said to the murder of the book staff and he's translator and near deaths of another translator and one publisher I went on cross-fired one point to debate some spokesman for outrage space and said that we on our side would happily Debate the propriety of using holy wit for literary and artistic purposes But that we would not exchange a word until the person on the other side of the podium and put away his gun The menacing Muslim big mouth on the other side refused to force where a state sponsored Subordinate of assassination and was of course backed up by the Catholic Bigot Pat Buchanan The same polite holds for international relations There can be no negotiation under director under the threat of blackmail and assassination and civil society Means it creates fresh and triumphs the emotions of anyone to improve expression like the inconvenient It's depressing that have to restate those obvious presets and it's positively outrageous that the administration should have discarded them at the very first sign of a fight How do you like that? You think I just might read that again so tourcloth disgusting right When Catch these, take these powerful gondon and all the way out of mighty ways. Except in time 11, when he must have been gone all the gusts and all the day. Take your gondon and shove it into the night, and call it a word you've been no more. You're the year old rat, if you're in love with everybody else's wrong. I'm getting tired of wanting people down to the name of it and being so large. Take your gondon and shove it into the night, and call it a word you've been no more. Take your gondon and shove it into the night, and call it a word you've been no more. 11, I'd say that five, six to nobody QA. It reminds me of the concept of the freedom of speech and deed county. You can say whatever you want, as long as I don't have offended by it. Right. You're wrong. Right. And you know, this idea that people are offended, that's fine. That's what it's all about. That's what we have to have freedom of speech. That's just special. Because if we all said, oh, if we all just made nice, isn't it a lovely day? And whatever you believe, whatever you're doing, I think it's just wonderful. Anyway, here's a fan said says, Jack the Ripper. And okay, and also in very tiny print it says Lizzie Gordon, and 10 will Sherman. And Lieutenant William Kelly of me lie a massacrifice. It's all because you're right. That fact is also from Riley, but he's not sounding as name because you're right. It's from who? Riley. Riley. Oh, it's got the same number on there on the head or. They all I tell you Riley, the truth is, it's really the distressing and heartbreaking. See, he doesn't want to contribute to the show. He wants to do the show. That's that's the difference. Let's see, here's another fact. It was reported today on in PR that the political cartoons were originally published four months ago. Certain clerics asked for a meeting at the time of the newspaper publisher. This requested it either denied or ignored. Then the clerics started circulating the cartoons around the Islamic world. And the hottest of the hotpids in particular, they wouldn't have been seen if those clerics hadn't sent them around. In other words, they were fanning the flames literally, right? Fuelling the fire of hysteria, whipping up the masses into a frenzy. Schmidt distribbers, and along with the published cartoons, I circulated other cartoons that were never published anywhere, and whose origins may be suspect, in other words, possibly fabricated. In other words, they made them up themselves just to be more in incendiary and get everybody whipped up into a freaking frenzy. Therefore, all of these rise, all those vines could actually be considered as created by a woman, and created by a woman, and by incended by with intent, with sex by, the very clerics who were so offended originally. But you all hear about that in the regular press or from the Islamic commentator's either of course. Well, there we go. Because our regular press, so-called, is irregular, man. They haven't had a good beer in 10 years. You see, Lou Dobbs lately? That lately, I just want good bowel movement, man, would there be a better place in which to live? Even with all those illegal aliens? Well, he is just, man. Just obnoxious. Talk about a brownie-hound. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got 15 different poles going here, whichever one suits your fancy or maybe got an idea for another pole or whatever you want. You know? Sure. We got him all. We got him all on the ropes today. They didn't remember the screen or PL-16 bananas. WQAM, hello. QAM. WQAM, hello. Good morning, Neil. Do you have a mental on you, Liz? Yes, we do. Okay, they're going to be in the middle of the day. All right, so what that? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Now, let's see, maybe Merlin Manson he means for the music list. Okay. But, now, Tom 5, 60, he Verizon, see you in a wireless line. WQAM, hello. QAM. Okay, nice talking to you too. What is his week? This is really incredibly week today. You're just like yesterday. I'm telling you, I think I should take about a six months vacation, not or my 30th anniversary. I don't think that's the least I can do for you. You have a blast. In fact, you can pick it up right now. Here's George. WQAM, hello. Hey, I'm completely out. Are you doing? Okay. Two quick things. Uh, Cindy, she did better where she's standing on the roadside by herself like the guy in front of the tank. She's on the left wing with a four to far left now with Shabbat. So I just can't give her any credit. I don't know. I guess you're opinion. Okay. Whatever. That's true. I'm question. The jerk that did all the damage in the bar and Rhode Island or wherever. Would you rather have had him killed or seriously messed up and understanding trial and going from there? Well, I have rather had him killed. What does that mean? In other words, you, the outcome that happened where they killed him. Yeah. Is that acceptable for you? We'd rather have to be as acceptable. Another man on the arbiter of what you have for now. I think it's great. I think it's sensational. You wanted to hit him. Stay at trial for. No, absolutely would not. Why, why should he have to stay at trial? He started when they found him in Arkansas. He started firing at the police. He was like, I'm not the deputy. I'm just saying why the guy is up there. We're up for the incident to face it. They'd rather have seen them. That's tough. I'm real happy that he's he can't get much more messed up than the could this season. Okay. That's, that's bizarre. I don't, I don't get that. I guess next time, I'll have to call me for approval. I'll give my bat line number. Sure. Next time they find some slime ball like that. Call me up and I'll let you know whether or should like, you know, put them out of put the world out of it's misery or just, you know, mess them up. They could buzz your blackberry with it. There you go. I guess he was thinking like that. Yeah. Tell me to QAM. Hello. They're subject to take me to a very high level. But I hope soon. Tell me to QAM. Hello. Neil. Yes. Okay. I used to listen to Howard in the morning, but he got totally pondered towards the end. So I listened to Palinant. I liked him. You don't like them? I love him, man. I think they're great. Okay. And as far as the movie, maybe there is no you'd like them or not. Do I like who? Power. I don't listen to them. I'm not there anyway. So how can I listen to them? Even if I were there, I wouldn't listen if you paid me by the man. I'm not, you were not seeing you're like the last guy. Or what do I like? Forget about what I like. Where else do you want you to like? Okay. You're a pain. There's not to be based on what I like. Don't be a about literature. I just like to hear what you're thinking. Is this all? No, we're going to talk about my thing. Okay. There's not much to worry about. Okay. What was the one for the movie? Now, believe it or not, this is the classic for me. And I can watch it a million times in laughs, historically playing trains in automobile. Ha ha ha. Oh. Come on. Yeah. Well, that was George who made that. Not me. I never seen that piece of crap in that movie. Are you kidding me? It's the classic. You can laugh a hundred times every time. It was a little bit of once. Yeah. No. I don't know what it is. Sometimes movies you have to see a couple of times before you can really get into it. Like I've actually seen a movie fall in the sleeve. And then it's watched the second time and I love it. And then the more I watch the more I like it, I don't know why. Right. I don't do. Yeah. Josh is going to watch it. We're getting about four or five times. Maybe he'll like it. Yeah. Right. That's a good idea. It doesn't look like poison. Keep watching it. And after about 15, 20, you'll start liking a little bit. And you'll start like, Mowding the dialogue you know by heart. Cartoon. Cartoon. Cartoon. I'm not going to be reasonable. Yeah. Maybe Jack Walsh was like a little on the psychic side. Twenty six past eleven. We got Curtis today. And then of course, I dropped Martensio. That's a guaranteed tune. This is Neil Roger. This is five, sixteen, eight, six. Kill Nicole. Well, congratulations. General wife. One step closer to being the head. That extra things are on our mouth. It's me. But is it the first character Mr. Innocent Smith? Be some innocentness. And I'll all well let's take. Till we get off break. You're break. From the coverage of Brad and the mother to be. There are two new kids in Hollywood. You're in the front. We're in the front. You have your baby. Oh, they're still in. Get real boy, Ray. I'm just bored today. I've heard of all of the fair how about you. Usually as kids, Maddox is a heart. People they know are socially chubby. I say that Hollywood is genuinely up there. A lot of people have just stayed quiet in the main page. But it's a bread and Angelina of sorrow. But Mr. Innocent Smith already lived happily ever after. Day after day, there faces go away. And I know. To the board. Get to the tab, blow it small. But we've got more friends waiting to get to that. One time, that's when we cut it. Now it's a lot of miles. I went to boy fast. Really fast in 80. I've heard of one thing. Anybody that's on those shows. Talk about this. All this Muslim, this history of this going on. Anybody saw those entertainment tonight. An inside edition and outside edition. And Hollywood, insider, all of the stuff. They all ought to be around it up. And they're what? I don't know. You figured out. Ask that guy to call me a couple of calls ago. Get him to call me on the bat line. I'll give you my verdict. The celebrity phenomenon dubbed Brandiolina has triggered a media fever. Surrounding Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie. That some of us are going to say has reached the point of insanity. Absolutely. Far overshadowing the hooplo that it's ended in the past. So it's been for a long time. You know, Ben F. Lachuk and Tom Cruise. You're fair. You're fair. The tourist confirmation last month, Jolie was pregnant by her co-star Pitt. Was proof to the media of the love affair that either stars publicly acknowledge. Well, either there may be some macular contraception, you think? Oh, yeah. That was a macular. Depending on which TV show you'll listen to or which celebrity magazine or gossip comedy read, Jolie is expecting a girl. No, boy. You know twins. The pair plans to Valentine's Day wedding in Malibu are possibly a George Clooney's Italian villa unless they've already married an acquid Buddhist ceremony. They're also reported to have hired British celebrity chief Jamie Oliver to do the kid ring. La Danna's husband and guy Richie to be the best man. And a commissioner in Italian jolie come up with a ring. Or does this self-reascobining actress or possibly Pitt have cool feed about time, but not, whoever said it married was him in an anyway. And his Brad's X5 10 for Aniston devastated her happily moving on. Jolie, twice married and Pitt who's divorced last year from popular friends and Aniston, St. Aniston, has spiced up the story having remained tight-lived merely shooting this speculation. He's tight-lived. What's in the far? We're not talking about it. We don't want any more stories. We just want people to leave them alone. Pitch publicist Cindy Guagente told writers. Guagente said there was no truth to room brother and imminent target wedding adding cryptically. They're not getting married. I don't want to story about them getting married. I think you guys should just wrap the whole thing. Some hope it says there's even a branch of lead and dot net website. There's always been a certain fascination with celebrity, but today's proliferation of outlets seem to be competing for the same photos and stories that read the point that seems insane said PR consultant Ken Sunshine, whose times include several celebrities. Ken Sunshine. Any relation? Yeah. Every time magazine is ignored, acknowledged the deafening noise, carrying the directly satirical cartoon last week that featured the Jolie pregnancy news and wedding rumors as new methods of torture for prisoners of war. Even beats the Celine Dion records. Robert Thompson director of the Center for the Study of Popular Television said the coupling of alis stars like Pitton Jolie or years gone by a list tailored Richard Burton was a paparazzi's dream come true. Now most of these people don't know the difference between a paparazzi and a prison of Aunt D. C. There you go again with that godfather crap. Another prison of Aunt D. Yes. As somebody as it sounds an attendancy to make up single aims for two people like Benifer and Tom Cat is an insightful idea. Brand Jolie and his work cultural equity than their two star parts. You get interested in this one. You want to or not, it's by osmosis. They said, I don't think so. Are you interested? No. No. Sometimes they're none of us care. At all, not even a little teeny tiny bit. Firstly, this per housewives would know life for a character watching an opera with phony authors on. They got to do something. 5670560 were building about 15 different pools here today including old totem. Let's go to totem pool when you say. You build it and I'll totem. Yeah. You float them? 924 votes on the pool. Who's the most despicable murder of all time? Hitler we knew would win. 371. Tech of a lost age though. A fascinating play. George W. Bush 2222, the butcher of Washington, doing a very commendable job on his own. Stalin 71, 911 Saudi hijacker 62, we left the four Egyptians off. Susan Smith 39 or some of it, lot of them 31. We don't think about him much anymore. Unless it's the state of union. Oh, there's Barack Obama and John McCain with his big cheek. Yeah. And then he came to the party. But he would be there with the OK lost. Both of them. 10 to 327 and we age 22. OJ 17, we hate you OJ. Go steal some more satellite signals. Paul Pot 16, Jeffrey Domario, Jeff Domar, excuse me. 8. He, I think he's hanging out with Father Gagan these days. Yeah. I'm going to go to the time. The gate will turn. Chuck Mancinate, Ted Bundy 8. See, that's that's to deal. Like Ted Bundy, how many years was it? At least 10 years that he appeals drag on. Oh, yeah. And on. So when this guy asked me, my satisfied with his slime ball getting the balloon away. You bet. Look at all the taxpayer money getting saved. And just like a keyboard and hair star, it's column by. Yeah. Same thing. Sure. Put it had all those trials. And to say what it cost millions of dollars to try them. And then we'd have heard about their childhood. And now people were picking on that. You know what, but I've been. That's it. And up with a crap. Ted Bundy 8, Lee Harvey Oswald 7, just a patty man. Jim Jones 3, Jack Ruby 3. A two for John Wayne Gacy, Lee, Voldin, Loeb. General Sherman had one Jack to ripers got one one for Dennis Raider, the B.T.K. Burger Queen. James Earl Ray one David Berkowitz on the same one. No votes for Lieutenant William Kelly. See they don't know from Vietnam. They've been for God. That's why we got to warn a raccoe. And on because what what happens is to make a big compared to Vietnam. Fifty, a thousand kids coming home and body bags. Because America's got a short memory man. All they know about is vinegar and. Brands Alina. Crap. Lizzy Gordon. None. Charles Whitman. Joseph Mangala. Charles Ing. Alien Warnos. Albert de Salvo. What are he used to eat? Ed Gine. I thought Ed Gine was like the character from. Sounds from land. So read whatever that was. No. Possibly. Wasn't he? He was like a real yay who red next. I don't know. I thought that's what the first. What was the first one? Red. Red. Red. What he dragging it? I think that's what he did. You know, part of the victims, but he also used the skin to make the skin suits. You know, like Buffalo Bill. Yeah. Dress up like a woman. Really? It puts the notion in the best. I'm not a bad movie. The movie that they made of his story. Very creepy. What? The Ed Gine movie. And I think it's called Ed. Or I see I'm not sure. Mr. Red. Erich Harrison Villa-Cleabold. None. How can they have none? They went to school and they shot up a bunch of kids and teachers. They got no votes. As compared to like somebody else, a marginal slime balls. Marshall Apple White None. John Mohammed. No. We're going to have to be voting for nobody named Mohammed. Be sniper. Richard Rumer is none. Eric and Laman and his bed hairpiece. Which one had the bed hairpiece? One of them. None. Richard's spec one. Gary Gilmore. None. And Sir Hanser and who was still hypnotized. He's still alive by the way. He's still in the slammer. Sir Hanser and. Do you know that? Yeah. And what about even though he didn't kill a whole bunch of people. He needed to do it. Sir Hanser and I really hardly as well. Didn't kill anybody. Probably. But. Who just had one on my mind. It just looked away. Damn. They had three. Huh? No, never. That's another one who got murdered. Mark David Chapman. Oh, what about it? Well, you want him on there? I mean, all these are lemon and freak. We just had that in a grocery store. Let me get in a shot. And all these people sing an image. And if it was a Yoko instead, you know, like that. Mark David Chapman. Do you want to put him on there? We're putting it on there. I think they got to kill more than one person to be qualified for this list. So don't put him on there, please. What? You put him on there already? No, I think we caught him in the ground. Don't do it. Don't do it, man. You're a young man. You got your whole life ahead of you. And would that take me to the foot of the George Washington Bridge? That's right. You hated that movie. Sorry. Now see, ordinarily, I could put them will be on there. And that list about one I could watch as any in times. And I have seen them many times. But it's not, it's just not the same code of the, and you're going to say to me, I'm actually here. I don't know what movie you can have. That was the take, taking to the George Washington Bridge. Yeah. Don't remember if they're in the very beginning of the movie, they're in the bar. William Holden and Peter Fringler in the bar are getting drunk. Right. And then extending outside after. And in fact, later in the movie, he tells the same story. Again, they're all gathered around in the newsroom. Howard Beal just got the young daughter of the year. And they just had the big meeting, you know, all the big hunches about whether to put it back on the year or not. And Nelson stands up. Well, the New York Times is going to be outrage. And then Robert Dubell says, New York Times doesn't advertise on this now. We're sit down Nelson. You're outrage is duly noted. Remember that? I do. Boy, I know the, I know the dialogue man word for word. But they, they don't remember the dry setting outside the bar after we saw some other movie. I have that up in Disney right off the year. Get a 90 share easy. Talk about the suicide of the week. Terrorist of the week. Remember? Yep. And they're standing outside and he tells the story about giving a news post and do a remote broadcast at the foot of the George Washington Bridge. That's right. And he gets into the cab and says, Hey, can't be taken into the foot of the George Washington Bridge in the cab driver. Look, sit them and says, Oh, hey, pal, you were young guy. You got your whole life. I had to get don't do it. Well, you had to be there. You remember that? I don't have to. I've even Josh remembers that scene. I do. Well, wasn't like a wedding proposal or anything. I just said you probably remember the scene. That's apart from God from a network he liked and from Godfather too. But I liked. You didn't like that scene in the beginning. I told you the message was, the only part you liked was when fade that way was not being with him home and a hold in that part you liked. Yeah, something about a 30 share there. No. No, we said 30 share. So it's not. What ever he said? Just not your kind of movie. Okay, just didn't have enough, I don't know what your kind of movie is. I don't know. Just want to keep me awake. That's okay. I'll tell you one thing. Don't give him my magic and he heroes. He won't like that. He'll say that that's like a fabulous movie or something. No, you know he wouldn't like it. He won't like it. And I could watch that movie every day. It just did ring several bells with me. Of course. Yeah, exactly. In fact, can I admit this to you? Last night. I was on the cable. No, listen. And my TV, my cable. If you're watching a show on a channel. It's like it's not recording unless you've said it to record. Like rewind, you know what I'm saying? Right, like a TV kind of a. Right. And the scene there toward the end of the movie. After he plays the piano, we settled at the Grand High School graduation. And they're sitting on the bench. And he's talking about the fact he let his brother come in suicide. Which I'm not giving anything away because that's in the very beginning of the movie. We know the brother I'm in suicide. And his boyfriend. I mean, his step, his half brother. What? And you are there. That's a big deal. But there's this is a make-of-it's two guys. Whether they're related or not. Is that like a dollar? It's like the brothers never get around with each other. Like, does that do stuff like that? I mean, that's already it. Enough that they're gay. It really doesn't matter that they're kin. I see. Anyway, and he says to him, well, not everybody can be heroes. Right. Right. Can be hero. And he says, yeah, I guess you're right. And he reaches over and puts his hand out of your shoulder. Okay. Now, I will admit here that I watched that three times. When I saw it because there's a message there. Okay. It's very quick and very subtle. That's how much it took. Three seconds. That was enough for me. And see, there's now a guarantee that Josh won't watch that movie now. Which is unfortunate because it's really good. What? There's not that thing. No, he thinks it's not. That's not what the movie's about. No, it's not. You are so insecure man. Forgotten, it's like, I got his Russian Natasha girlfriend there. Like, uh, doing Hanky Panky 15, 20 times a day. Yeah, it's been really good. Yeah, it's been really good. Yeah, but it's not with guys. Well, what's ever since you make her, they do it. Yeah, and I think that's right. There is that one that very, very, uh, lengthy kiss. Oh, well, instead of rewinding three times, I'll fast forward. There, you know what, we'll start editing movies, you know, for people. Yeah, for people to get really upset about like, and smile kiss. Oh, is that a good thing about? And you know, I'll watch that. Now that I know that there's nudity in it that, uh, what they see. Yeah, and have a way in the show. Okay, let's see if Josh will watch that because there's some heavy nudity female nudity in their boobies, baby. Yeah, but then they can just stay forward to it. Well, like the factory in there. This is Neil Roger. Hey there with rough slice. Is he fives, sixty? Shrekomemen. Oh, Roger's got it. Samarle from fair Bag Man Pala't to have whole Ch glimpse, there's not whole screen Gillibd Abayh out's out there. Gargers suddenly swaying and We're back then in the Christian West Redness, we're dead today With mansley's wrapped around them A squeal with cowboy's crown head Very fool! The bullets back from the devastation With double his stiff bone There's been another big cowboy suit He was mario His face was very wrong Pay a roll of fair mac knob Toyeah, brining cowboy cows What shadow they come carrot Which humsofail From Astero Hiey That's another reason Jackson would work in possible heroes in probable is that imaginary is because nobody dies in the end to help does that matter? Well, like Donnie Darko you're like, like, does he die in the end? He's just setting up a joke there, Josh. Quite well. I see. And anyway, and I was very pleased the reason I read one of those three times. I'm sure that when he put his hand on the shoulder was like a masculine, like it was a good solid squeeze. That's a positive one. I'm talking about it. Right. Well, he did seem a little, the more you watch that kid, it kind of like switch your he seemed to be. I would say when he woke up that next morning. I beg your pardon. I'm not that you are. Yeah, right. Yeah, it makes sense. You are. I'm definitely not. I'm not. I'm right. Yeah. Ever that one before? I'm sure. Dr. Racken's donate $16,000 to students and refuses to sell candy. Let's hear it for those kids. Okay, the no-la John's year or something. Who sent that stupid milk above her a couple weeks ago and then you're killed me. And my blood sugar up to 325 in the middle of the show. I hope he's embarrassed and humiliated in the great one idiot he is. And stop using his an excuse. I'll try to do something nice. No, you're not. You're in denial. Typical Nazi movement. We're trying to do something nice for you. Okay? Who would pass up an ice free shower? Right? Depend on who it's with. The widow of the man who created the, uh, how about Emil Hirsch? You can take my turn. Okay. The widow of the man who created the Ankins.com is promised a $16,000 architectural for L'Arredale Elementary School and Shuring students who refuse to sell on a healthy snacks as a fundraiser can still take their field trip to Washington, D.C. You go, lady. Whatever her name is. Veronica. After learning the importance of exercising and eating healthy and a country wellness program, county wellness programs, students in Northside Elementary refuse to sell candy to raise the field trip money. At a season that's guarded national attention, this of course is in, uh, for L'Arredale Veronica Ankins who's like, it has been Dr. Bobcat, it's my close personal friend. Remember that wonderful appearance where you there that day at the end? Was there? Never, was he? Yeah. I was there. So was the guy with the eyes. Oh, well, nothing's perfect. Who's husband, Dr. Bobcat, can start the country's low carb craze, which is vanished by the way. And that's a shame too, because it really is great. Even if you don't use any weight on it. It's very good for your blood lipids. Found out about the students' refusal and intends to dip into proceeds of the foundation, which for most permission to combat type two diabetes. I was so proud when the children said you're telling us not to go out and eat sugar and then you ask us to sell it. I can said money from her home and wash palm. I said no way. I'm going to let them down now. Let them go on the field trip. Atkins six, the eight and a trust the clive mechs of adventurer plan to handle it, had a check tomorrow morning to Northside Principal Michelle Valbrune Pope. Veronica and Kinsolde atkins and officials after husband and company founded by April 2003, after he had a bad fall on the sidewalk, marks where you're walking Bobbi, oh, totally. There he goes. It is heid. Veronica and Kinsolde will make the Washington DC trip possible for 36 fifth graders and to score receives more money, more fifth graders will have time to take the field trip, maybe a little too. George will donate a few grand. Right. The school still needs to raise about eight grand, to send the fourth graders on the tele-hassy field trip. Teacher Monique, Managat said. Atkins, Largest wasn't the only donation of the school since last Friday as school they see it about a hundred emails from Uganda to Chicago. It does not have phone calls and personal license, including one from four six grand from an anonymous donor because they refuse to sell chocolate door to door because it's bad for you. So it's a lot of them go sell salt. Okay, that's not for your blog for sure too. But you know, more than salt like when I was in school. Don't ask me why we sold that. I have no idea because that's the code is to, that's kind of strange. I don't know why when you're in school you do whatever they can you do okay? Perley like what he is kid said we're not going to do it give us some credit okay give some Props Yo Those who didn't offer money shared ideas man again since you see several fundraising opportunities from selling Avon to an idea from a millborn man or offer to pedal so many barbecue sauce for the cause That's probably give you bad Roy's man homemade barbecue sauce my ass The children are amazed they're like really really people from all over the company are helping us All our foreign eyes Ice gone kids In fact some of the classmates are upset about the media attention that we see since Friday A one-year-old girl's her name is what's definitely August Giving interview to a New York City radio station to school, especially visit from CNN and a phone call from the Tony Danza show this We're proving that nothing is perfect And once you made the Tony Danza show that tells you don't do it again 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, do we got 16 different polls we're building they were building them okay for a future use Leave it to me man. Let me to come up with something really bizarre and confusing And look at those phones are they smoking or what? WQA and hello One-time story for that call the collage over and over again And also I'm buying this radio which can record radio shows and storm up digitally So when you go on vacation and Georgia that I can listen to Okay, I'll show it to the previous very much thank you Okay, hey, so like for that you're trying to say I hate him too Well, there you go no calls No calls on a board we're getting ready to fill up all these other pools they're about to what you listen to it morning before ten And we'll be you could watch over and over and ever get tired of other than the Godfather And which are today's pop singers or our groups is the worst and I'm not really sure which of these polls will be on him I'd be like that that gives me an option, you know That gives me an option you have to kind of like figure way through it Look at George Bush a very strong second on the worst Most as a big little murder of all time. Is there any doubt? No, how many QAM hello? I'll come here. What's all Congress? How you doing pali? Good man. I got a good video for you to see Yeah Charlie Brown quans up Okay, okay I don't come Charlie Brown quans to peace out Okay Right five six seven oh five sixty so who did fall? Yeah, because I said that but he's just a little smart ass there, right so take your Charlie Brown and stuff away to move on trying Line nine Josh's favorite QAM How many QAM hello? I got a good photo right now No Now or never I'm gonna stop by Elvis it's now or never and I think in your case How many QAM hello? Yes sir. I got one for the fourth which polls that? The hitherto. Okay I'm listening Well, I think he's the one that caused most damage to the gassing of the people Yeah And I would probably take the cake over bush wouldn't it? Who's that? It all fit there Oh no no you got one for the fall Henry made it's got 280 votes in his like way hit everybody else See it's my man. I should be reading the list. Okay He gassed all the people didn't it didn't he? Yeah, he did actually do it himself. He just helped come up with the idea He just said oh that's a splendid idea He said the Muslims would be very proud of that Who is the most despicable murderer of all time? See that's why they got the segment of these Reg heads who we like they holocaust deniers the revisions Because quite and I don't understand actually what they should do is just build them I monument to Hitler Right right Hitler's got 389 most despicable murderer of all time George W. Bush 239 Murderer Blood on his hands Nothing on his brain Blood on his hands Stalin It all jose of 79 911 Saudi hijacker 64 Susan Smith 41 Ground them kids And then laid them on some chocolate guy And non-existent Osama Imana 33 Timic rate she's always kidding you blame on some dark guy you know Or some dark guy done it. Oh sure we believe you look like in good fellas Especially in South Carolina. Yeah right Timic rate 27 and we each twenty two that bitch OJ 19 Bitch Paul pot 19 Jeffrey Domerate Lee Harvey Oswald and he Charles Manson eight Ted Bunny eight Jim Jones three And fact Ted Bunny eight for years you paid for it Jim Jones three John Wayne Gacy three Jack Ruby three Dutin William Callie me lie massacre two Leah Folded a low two General Sherman one one for Jack the representatives of Mangala He was just a hardworking doctor Eric Harrison Dillon three bold have only one You see the column by shooting the American people accepted and then we had like a whole rash of those copy catch shooting kids And all year well, you know kids will be kids Dennis Raider one James are a ray one David Berkowitz the son of Sam one None for Lizzie Gordon Charles whipping although I love his chocolates Charles Eng Alan Aline Warnos Albert de Salvo Edgien Marshall Apple White John Mohammed the Snacker the DC Snacker Don't be knockin Mohammed Richard Ramirez Eric allow me in this see never tries to go with demons with the z-jord Richard spec and Gary Gilmore and Sir answer hand with still other hypnosis have the big oh so far This is new Roger Now and two days is five sixty two I am fra iliana Rush laden and I like scrubbing my snake river house with soap night from jules And listening through the new roke of needs to hour See guys I've a day I've a morning board I don't feel the g-hats don't feel it Coming in for every single day to stay Cowboy and many rocky run I'll be stepping on my suicide bomb I'll get the rascal I'll get all the rascal Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh That's my beard and my long life's mask I'm going to the g-hats She died two sets of a mask for Get people is ready for a holy word But got two sets of martyrs three Come on and kiss them women and she'll be with me Don't go Play the other way to the dark We don't want to let go Get my long life's mask I'm going to the g-hats I've been lucky night in coming out of his cage Tell the bang monkey start to rest and raise Black male women begging in the crowd But he's only known ladies and gentlemen Mr. Rock Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Put on my bloody white sword Don't do the g-hats Quick mama, turn off CNN Let's just a metacun through position Going through the g-hats don't be late Coming in from every single terrorist case And the top for you and many rockierers I'll be strapping on my suicide bubble I'm going through Raise our lips, got me on my heart So my beard and my long life's mask I'm going through the g-hats Don't go to the g-hats She died two sets of a mask for Get people is ready for a holy word But got two sets of martyrs three I'm running killed from women and jimmy We're here at the door We're here at the door We're here at the door We got my beard and my long life's mask I'm going through the g-hats I'm going through the g-hats Bring back safe to the g-hats You're the only one Give them a hug Come on, three and five, sixty-one, a cure And let's say go, tell a few people for Christ Go for my hand, it's door for Jesus Or for l-m-sari, you're done the Abraham Let's kill a few folks for Abraham's Salmon What do you say? I think you got a head start on that Let's see, WWENK Who would my hand would kill? Five, six, seven, five, sixty Pound five, sixty in the Verizon Sing it a while, let's know We got about 50 different pools And I might can Melbourne, in fact, It's just me, what about the Uda Bomba So I'm putting that in my file, thanks Mike We got a huge pile of pools, baby WWEQAN, hello Hello Yes sir You A-F? QA-F, yes Oh, that's the night down here We've got the Rick's net, there's on the pole Yeah Ha ha ha ha That was funny, he mentioned it Cause actually, he saw Ricky taking Sanchez And accident last night, and that's why he changed the channel real fast I'm certainly not seeing news network And I flipped around on the channel, let's see what I thought Imagine every hero's again But I'm not in everybody can be a hero Right, and now maybe you can explain something to me But that's it Because I've watched him, we'll be three, well two and a half times now I watch it, and he's got all these scars from being beaten all the time Now we know that he's getting school, huh? Bruges isn't what not, right? Bruges isn't scars and marks, too Kidden school was beaten on him, right? And the brother too, right? Remember where the brother says, did I? We watched the way he's got a shorts on, he like, pulls him down A little bit, not too far now, ah, ah, email And to cover up the abuses, then the brother says, did I do that? And he nods like, yeah He's getting beaten up by everybody That's right Well, he's a little faggot, you know, that's what happens Get out of here, when that went How would you say that? You don't have like a little faggot now, he doesn't? Get out of here What are you checking in his mouth that looked off like a gay? That's the wrong movie He's just crying He's just being hit out of my head Yeah, well, you know that movie the John, you know? Yeah, yeah Yeah, he'll just leave the planet He'll just go into orbit He's not ready for that one No, seriously, he's just, he's, when the start-out Would you tell me his brother beat him up because he was a little faggot? Exactly No, he's brother with a little brother, he didn't be called He said there were a lot of pressure and daddy was a crazy person And he had a win in swimming medals in the adiada And his brother obviously had some issues And everybody in the family was on every kind of drug they could find The brother was a little whimp And I think the brother knew they at least did a implied That the brother knew that he was the child of another father Yeah, no, they didn't imply that, of course he knew it They all knew that he was the red head It's the child of somebody he didn't have red hair Well, thank God for that I wouldn't have never wanted to watch it the first time Five, six, seven, five, sixy Nothing worth some carrot top Town five, sixy, and the Verizon, so get a wireless line WDQA and pull central, huh? Yeah, I want to speak to Neil Speaking I know, I want to support the couple for the call Which pull is that The one for the movies Okay, yeah, the funny one is there They come on adventure the white castle Right? Terrible, they come on adventure It's a white castle The comedy And one, even though he doesn't admit it, he's gay And I don't know if you like him, but my nori report was What's the character you think is gay and we all think he's gay, huh? Tom Cruise Oh, that time cruise, he's... You're fair, no Yeah, that's a crazy Okay, pal If he comes there, the cause will get a lot more people to actually like the character Okay, thanks Tom Well, now I see trying to say the Tom Cruise is gay You're gay Oh, no He's in the closet with a lot of company, John for Volta's in there too Right? Not to mention our character What is going on? Pretty close Yeah Oh, man That was great Anybody who has that side pocket, so I'm so glad you sent that The explanation of Scientology, which a lot of people don't know Right Yeah, that one, and if they kept putting on a screen, and this is what Scientology actually believed it Because who would believe it? Unless you're like, what would it be like that exactly? It was a spaceship Oh, I'm sorry Yeah, he's out of this world, right? That Tommy Cruise just cruise out of Tom, you're not full of nobody You're fair, right? God WKOM, hello Hello, Neo Yes, sir I got one for your movie, Paul Okay Let's try the reservoir dog Doors keep telling me, don't see that I don't think you'd like it, but why don't you watch it and let me know if I'm right Okay Are you the better, Ish? Me, I'm one of the two Okay, thanks, Paul Ish, man, I'll never saw this real Reservoir Dogs Is that like Cobb's Hill and Rochester's at a reservoir? 560560 The lilac's ain't down yet, but the Scientology and we had a little bit of snow overnight and it's already gone, as you were trying to weather report No snow, had some snow overnight, a little bit maybe half an inch on gone Aren't you excited? No, aren't you happy for me? No snow, it's already the February the 7th There's no such thing as global warming, although it is like in the 20s Which will not be on the toasty side, you got rid of that Yeah, that's cool, that's nice Was it really nice? Yeah, open window Or baby WKOM, hello Yeah, I got one for the worst murder or list The worst murder, okay? It's all relative, how about a Harry Truman He killed a lot of people's men, what a Obama Two bomb up Okay So I guess I can't hear or show my baby Harry Truman But it says the most despic of a murder, I guess he would take the poll in Japan They'd probably say good old Harry Wouldn't they? I reckon Harry Truman Probably didn't cotton to that No In fact, maybe that woman from France, maybe she actually didn't have the operation Maybe she just can't Oh, can you please? What? I don't want to see her, I mean rule there I want to see her I'm not all I see Never the less I see, I realize that it was miraculous to give her a face And that was like, you know, speaking in French But the, but I got a little French I just, I can't handle a French, I'm sorry It's right You know something, that's not a bad idea Faceless French We, well, we could be improvement in Montreal I'll say that, being improvement Harry I'll say it's your opportunity, outside of Quebec That the most of the Canadians view, very happy They vote for that right away, faceless, uh, frogs Oh, it's bigger than it, don't forget Jacques Martat I'll be on with Curtis today, three Mark that down in the county, you're gonna be listening then I'm sure if you won't be Dominique, you know, I am, hello Hey, Neil Yes, sir You know, Godfather's the obvious one, but I find my friend That's why I said the other than the Godfather That's why I said beside Right, for a goal, every time a goal doesn't matter What part of that movie? You know, it's a kind of a label I agree I want to say one other thing I think I just say one thing Oh, yes Oh, he's a little joy, I kind of funny, he looks like And a QAM blew it by not putting Bob and Tom on Instead of messing with Howard, that would have been perfect Yeah, that's right, I kept telling him that And whatever I tell him they do the opposite, if they put him on And I'd always still be out after me and Hank would be in the afternoon And everything would be great, we'd be kicking ass But they still have about a morning show now because they don't know They won't listen anybody And you want to know why they don't want to put their monsters They don't do sports, you know, how are they New sports either, but they put him on in practically Lost the license, Bob and Tom would listen their license And Bob and Tom still do sports kind of a national level now And it's a shame because I get Bob and Tom Like north of commercial on a good day Right, but it's missing, I mean, it's a big great market Down there, you know Anyway, have a great day Next to my sense for us, Belly, have a great life 560560, pound 560 in the Verizon, Singular Wireless Line We, I pulls up the old Ying Ying Which of today's pop singers are groups is the worst I'm putting that one, we're not going to get much response on that Anyone on a line? What is our audience so about today's pop singers Right? Right, what goes this pop today, right? That's what I'm talking about about, you know, Buster rhymes and bust a move and bust his bling man And all the other crap, bust a East Coast rap is in the West Coast rap is in the candy rap is in all the other garbage Well, let's play that candy rap person All right, I'll cute right up. Okay But the one about the movies and again, I could watch the manager here Was every day and you're going to say, well, that's because Yeah, I just, I just like the whole story I just think it's, it's very emotional You know? Yeah, it's a good movie It's a great movie And the acting in there, I'm telling you she is Because I'm trying to think of another movie I saw Sigourney Weaver and we signed aliens That did you see aliens? Yeah, of course. In fact, I saw it in the theater when the first came out We know what you like about it I thought it was very, very tense, death and the maiden Yeah, where she did it for nominal job all the way through And the she sure said that if a nominal job in this movie She was just, she was great And in the honest, it's something interesting in that last scene I know you're going to say he's reading all this facts I've been able to get as they're walking home from the graduation ceremony Where he just played, he'd think of on the panel And his next door neighbor, his buddy, put his hand on the shoulder And said, let's go, he's something And the go off the launch and he'll notice in the back of the group There's a verne and the sister Okay? Right? Remember for the life of the sister Verne and like a poor desperate verne I wanted to kill them, saw Right? And then you see the next door neighbors That, you know, she had a big row with And then there's Amyl Hirsch and the guy And then there's mommy and daddy, see what I'm saying? Right? Right? Yeah. Everybody said it was a lead's girlfriend I don't love you any ran out of there I don't think it was just the bruises No, I don't think it was more to with the net, I agree 12 13 And in fact, maybe he thought that she had like an ugly bruise Well, she's not, but he is, I see When it comes to mattresses, there are a lot of gimmicks The latest are sweet numbers otherwise known as air mattresses They're only a more teetent full for two years They squeak, they pop, they can lose their setting during the night And they cost a fortune If you want a high quality brand name mattress That'll last for years and years in car, good friends It's a down a mattress and 1,800 mattress When you call that number, you'll get no run around No showrooms and addagons, just factory direct prices On the best ranch, you know, trust and love When you call 1,800 mattress, you'll choose And Florida's biggest inventory Out of biggest names, see me, sir The Simmons King Quill, tempered, it's just in fostering Hewitt, already for same day delivery of prices That are lower, much lower than the so-called big name chores Stores even during their big sales Call 1,800 mattress, you can have the baby Want to live in the daytime, you want it And they, to our delivery window I've been using them for years and even most of the QA numbers now are finally catching on This is a smart way to shop Call today 1,800 mattress Or log out of their website mattress.com They'll be knocking on you door, no time at all Whenever you want them to 1,800 MATTRES leave off that last As because of course it stands for savings This is a new Rogeris This is 5168 They are little company worse than new Rogeris Are you ready to order sir? Yes, I'll have the Shoot, shoot, shoot This man suffers from a rear form of Tourette syndrome Called G-rated Tourette Ah, that comes with a vegative old Troy Card card card Charge for symptoms of G-rated Tourette syndrome Include uncontrollable outbursts of euphemisms And for an appetizer, above all the shots Shucks, shocks, shrimp puppet Unfortunately, there is no cure for G-rated Tourette Would you care for Sally? Yes, the back, back, back How Sally, wait, you know what? Make a Sally dolly dolly gosh! Gosh, gosh, dear agree tole That's one yet Tourette gets to the Tourette Great Sally The good news is, G-rated Tourette Isn't as offensive as other forms of Tourette The bad news is, it's a lot more annoying And for dessert Oh, I'll have the bunch, bunch, bunch, bunch Well, 2018 in 560, I'll bet he will And anyway, here's the fact So that I've only had another page coming, but he never said it Don't wait when I think it's coming right now Is that the other page of this? You're getting something to date for me Here are the unlisted and order from Worses Now to Worses, I'm getting something It's not from you Come on Maybe it's one of them ads, one of them, facts machine Machines ads Let's see what it is Oh, it's from you, it's just for the movie pool And, uh, greatest scape in the natural You didn't tell me that? Yeah Well, then what does that mean? Were you getting a second page from? No, from the other one of our pale line up They're proposed line up Oh, I see And at the end of it, it says, here are the unlisted And order from Worses to not toward NMS That's at the time, yeah Well, he got so whipped up by into a frenzy Did he forgot a second page And of course it says from PES I think he left the T off at the end The natural, oh, that's not that awful A baseball movie is it? With Robert Redford, yeah Oh, well, why you didn't watch that, did you? I did And it was good And it was okay First sports movie That's a movie that you would like And over and over again No, no, I would not Oh my god, I said it was awesome Most sports movies are really bad Right, now what felt was the one Who's the kid that was in the Great Sanctini With Robert Duval, I geez And blooddanner, yeah, he played the son You know, I'm talking about that Yeah, but I'll never take it And he played a picture in Atlanta Braves, picture in some sports movie And he was married to this hot chick And they got divorced and they did this Remember that? How about you Josh saw that movie? Not by that description, can't, doesn't ring a bell Yeah, yeah, yeah, you see that So, most sports movies are crap Other than Bryan saw Now that was really a movie Now originally that was a TV movie, right? That's sure Bryan saw, which games con So I put up a great tanteenie so we can figure out That kid it Look at up, yeah, his name is Don't try to make it Michael Oki, that's a ring Well look at that, do Michael Oki, although I mean Why? I'm trying to get ready Well now that was a movie with the two two two two two two more Two more two two more is in trouble Remember that? No Hey, you do the black kid with a, you know, that molasses He had the molasses on that wagon And again, those red necks were beating up I've had this, you make me sick Don't you remember that red necks? Okay You don't remember that from the great tanteenie? Yeah, I remember it, I'm sorry I'm sorry, I'm sorry It's the money His buddy's name was Uh, uh, two more Hey, he was in Kati Shank Kati Shank, yeah, Michael Oki He's pretty good actor But that's not the movie I'm talking about What the fuck's the movie? I'm going through the list of the here Well, he should part of his own He's a great lady down Kati Shank Just sluggers wife There it is That's what it was called The sluggers wife It's a baseball movie A Neil Chinner That's never heard of it I'll be there And what do you want to see at the league man? Trust me There's too many bad sports movies Nate and Amy are really good sports movie Hell in the brand song Which we really wasn't a good movie He's a tear jerker But what was the great sports movie Shall we do it? Schallon Zucker Why? That's a comedy Charlie's comedy Sports movie Charlie's the one Amy are real serious How about that Jimmy Pierce all story That would Anthony Perkins Hey Tony You're fair What that was that called? I like I like Major League I like 61 61 The Roger Maristory Yeah The Roger Maristory Yeah Most of you I just guessed What about Rocky? Rocky? Rocky? I like the Rocky's Oh Well, I've never been out there They're nice Do you like the Rockies? That's because you like Burgess Meredith Because he was in Batman Of the movie Okay, the greatest game for the Rocks The really like Burgess Meredith on this show And he's dead, but that's too bad So anyway, do I want to read this other thing? I'll get to it About to line up Does anybody QAM? Hello Okay Tell me the QAM, Ola Hello Sound like he was in the middle lunch You know food yet for you guys? No, I think we're skipping it Much today I'm trying to make her yesterday And in 4,000 pounds of food You probably have like a Aneed Yeah, I'm visiting Pupic WQAM, hello Hey Hello Welcome WQAM, hello Hello, Neil Yes sir Uh, who do you like to watch all the time around here? Rounders Yeah, the poker movies That's the matter That's the matter Sounds like a very common song Okay That game in the network door And then on holiday time I always have to see a presentation Okay Thanks, Mike. I'm rounders, rounders I'm trying to run the Wii Man it goes round And I could have seen that So he said he could have Yeah But then again I wasn't some of Barbara Some guinea Barbara from Orbit Hills From Orbit Hills from Orbit Hills He's dead by the way And Bud Baby's still pissed off about it Fives to baby but babies is dead too I'm trying to think Didn't we have a thing with Bud Baby's died? Yeah, I don't know I hope it's not as true I think I'm all right I don't know Whatever The fact is FYI Joe Rose is really bashing 790's management And anyone can he can Well, I see this He wants out over there As well I'm hearing he hates them like poison He's embarrassed and humiliated to be out over there I think he would love to get fired So if you could woo him back Now that there's a new program dude There are no if not a new program We got a new GM Forget about the program Dude he's close He called me yesterday and said But I don't remember like that Just leave me alone Clara Okay, don't bother me no more Don't bother me no more Oh, he did take me after I am burst I mean it would take me for a Bealing the station out of that pool And making us look like a fantastic And make them look stupid across the street Very nice I'm serious here by the way Dude, I know what I was talking about What? That thing said here would be a perfect line of for QM says P-E-S-T 5-7-A-N The big Oh, he is tolerable at that time Slot In other words this guy gets up around 7-10 7-10-A-M The heroes of Vail will not keep the fat guy This is a switch to hang during Joe's commercials Oh, thank you so much 10-2 the gorilla of course with the sidekick George The other guy who works with it is too vanilla for me With that mean Josh Yeah I'll work on the coming chocolate Yeah, he had the chocolate ass He just doesn't see that side of it George at least stimulates to mine as cover at times Well, not at this particular time George, it's weird but before all the senses you'd be Yes, I could listen to your vote for a whole show But when you were fourth by the staff of the change I think you got a lot better And when he's step-or-long, I'm filled for entertainment I think that really was a positive I still let the bill Two to four has to be Curtis because Vail was too bland at this time I think he left off at any time 4-7-P-M, no brainer, mad Pedro Is that how you seen dog? Pedro Very good? Yeah, Pedro That's right Pedro You got to roll it Don't roll it, you're saying butt Or the mad butt 7-P-M for whatever football Anybody? Because I don't listen past that And then it says here the unlawful rules in order for more Says not, worse than you never said it You said it to me now? No No Oh, Riley, I'm not a son Sorry Now, that's it, you're done Ryan You're mean well, but you want to do the whole show It just wants to take the show over And again, the question is Other than Godfather, a movie you could watch a Zillion Time Not a list of movies Not the 50,000 movies that since you have no life You're going to sit and watch them all over Over again All I did was imagine every hero That's the only one I put on there Because I'm smitten with it Okay And just because you think Amy will hurt you Some little pansy He'll look like a pansy He looks, I don't know Kind of Gay Yeah, well You really think he looks like a pansy Amy will hurt Are you kidding? If he would have been in those two movies I know you know those rules Herty boys, but sometimes I wouldn't say he's a pretty boy That's the point He's a poephta I would not say he's a pretty boy That's the point He's a poofhta That's the point He's a poofhta I see Oh no What kind of body wash is he using these days Lie like that Lie like that Yeah First of all He's put up with his hands 20 20. Maybe his neighbor. 27 after one a QAM okay the eyes Valentine's Day is next Tuesday. The last thing you want to do is spend the weekend shopping. So here's what you do. Send a pajama grant. A pajama grant is the perfect way to support your wife or girlfriend or boyfriend and give them what they really want. She'll receive the best pajamas delivered in a hat box. She'll love along with a lavender sachet, a gift card and they do not disturb sign all free. Send a pajama grant willy takes minutes but she'll think you spent a month planning it. If online at pajamagram.com or call 1-800-GIVPJs, find all the top brands from comfy to sexy. Great path and body gifts to all the spots of it women just love. Plus the packaging is so amazing you'll even have to wrap it up. A pajama grant makes a perfect gift and best of all they'll think of you every time she sticks in mind. Women want to be pampered and as a gift that you'll both love. Don't forget Valentine's Day delivery is guaranteed so call right now 1-800-GIVPJs or visit pajamagram.com right now and tell them that ancient needle told you to call. pajamagram.com or on the phone it's 1-800-GIVPJs. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516th phase. You fail. It's not easy to true. Here's my story said but true. A better girl calls if I'm a soul. I have a fog and ran it around. Give it to every guy in town. Give it to every guy in town. Give it to every guy in town. Give it to every guy in town. Now I'm afraid of falling off his bones. I'm falling off his bones. You have a home where this fog gets closed. You. 23-D-O. I'll never talk with you. He's like poison. You don't want to ban. He's small potato. He did some day. Here's this patch again. This is a bottle of water. Why am I wasting some time? It's because to be honest with you, look at the header. It looks suspiciously like our friend Mark but I guess not. It wasn't me. Probably. Probably. He's like, yes. Some guys are learning this new thing. I must not be Mark because he knows his faxes. Here are the English symbols in order from worst as to not the worst. Gelty. Worst he says. Listening to nails on a chalkboard. I don't know what to say. Civic hit Rosenberg. Depot. Lobbastard. And a booster. So all these guys suck but go these like. Listen nails on a chalkboard. That's creepy. I'm going to have a voice. I can't like here. I'm going to encourage calls. That's the one. Let it ride with Richard Pryer. How's the Richard Pryer still dead? Yeah. Let it ride. Since Bill and Boca the best movie ever. Did you see that? I think that says. Richard Richard. Richard Pryer. Dreyfus. No matter which one was in it. I didn't see it anyway. So how to add a mono. Does he draft his dialect? He's spelling on it. Actually he made a spell to run but his deal looks like a P. As it does. I think he got a P. See if it is slightly the room. Huh? That's moving. I don't think so. First of all, Richard. Dreyfus was in it. It couldn't possibly. No can be jaws. Okay. Please. Don't give me no jaw. I agree with you about Richard. Oh, and then the worst movie he ever made. Worst encounters of the worst kind. But good bye girl. Oh yeah. Good bye. Yeah. Good. Good. Golly Miss Molly. Richard Graven. And how about Mr. Opus's weaness? It was okay. A little contrived. I didn't see it. I don't think I see it. I'm all right. I'm trying to figure out. You said you liked it. But you're like this. I like this. Howling's weaness. I think you said. Oh. Can't stand him. In fact, I put him on the same category with. What's his name? Robin Williams. Yeah. All Robin Williams, at least. You know, there's some redeeming value that about a hundred years ago. He was a funny stand up. I mean, what you got tired of the act. Right. Well, I'd like Steve Martin. Same thing. Like Jim Carrey, who was very funny for about three minutes until he made all the facial expressions he knows how to do. And then that was the end of it. Good Canadian boy by the way, Jim Carrey. So I can say form. Okay. Let's see. Alan and the Alz and River Genia. Jewish guy. Alan Friedman in Virginia. All I can say Alan is. Oh, I stand with Carrey. Especially watch out for them. Rayheads, man. We watch it below. He's pulp fiction. I don't know. Okay. I'll put it on there. I actually have tried to watch it. Well, I mean, I have seen a whole thing. And then I've tried to watch it on the time to see if I just like as much as I thought I did. And I did. And I don't know if Josh will agree or disagree with this. I thought pulp fiction relatively speaking was better than reservoir dogs. John. Yeah. Any comment? No, I like reservoir dogs. Well, don't be so vanilla about it now. Right. Mobbad. Well, what about if you didn't like pulp fiction, I can't imagine. I thought it was. George keeps some of you are more like reservoir dogs. I thought you would. I thought you would. Don't like pulp fiction. I should have like been trained spotting. I don't like them. Schmitty movies, man. Or there's no. There's no. There's no. There's no. There's no. There's no. There's no. There's no. There's no. There's no. There's no. There's no. There's no. There are. There's... There's no. There's no. There's no, there are. There is no. There's no, Mr. Mayor Wright Wright Wright Wright Wright Wright Wright Wright is. Schmaffer. Oh well, that's something you can write. What's the string? consec elementary? It's called the Royal Beach of Virginia. It says, yeah, it says. It says, the Royal Abandoning of theن peel Gay Orders. It says, yes, eupity, I am a very kind madam of. Usually it's called the Farmer 추천. the house. When you're a Jew and I was angry with Virginia, I'll leave the house. Allow San Diego, I guess, is like DC, right? And we're just going to be done in there right now unless you're right winged Jew, like a self-hating, a right winged Jew, like somebody's like misfudge and so on that crowd. Oh, brother. They just twist and turn my kissies, those right winged Jews. Oh, God. Like you got used to be one of my attorneys, but isn't anymore. Just for like, you know, pity stuff. That he's to forget every thing you're anyway. Tollywood detective and director for wiretabs. Celebrity's smooth attorney Anthony Pelacano once heard by some of the biggest names in Hollywood, which charged with illegally wiretapping. A lot of that illegal wiretapping on on these days and obtaining confidential records and performers, you're enlist and powerful executives and indictment on COD yesterday. Anthony Pelacano, but just this name itself. Well, what do you think of the menu here that name? I mean, I don't know. Yeah, I'm just saying this. Would you think of right? So you have to stereotype. It's a very ugly story. It's like saying that the Muslims a lot of more like ragheads. You know, that's bad. I mean, there might be some truth with me. I say that people in India are like, Korea. You know, smell, uh, oh, I don't know about you. Do you like Korea? No, not really. Drish. Curry sauce. I can eat on something. Oh, man. You know, everybody I know hates Korea. I don't know what that is. The only one I ever knew who like Korea was on our squeak. Among those who's privacy Pelacano was accused of reaching through wiretaps or illicit database searches were entertainers, sliced a little, and were you just talking about Rockies? Absolutely. I mean, Gary Sandling. Oh, God, there's another one. He gives me spilky. He's Gary Sandling. He just seemed and I got one of vomit. You know what I mean? Yeah. He's like a guy from sign film. I think he's too Jewish. No, I'm serious. He's just too like a nanny. Too Jewish. Oh, Kevin Neelon and Keith Keridine as well as former New York Times reporter Bernard Weinrab who sounds off of Jewish two and two partners of leading town from Creative Art of Stagency Kevin Huvane and Brian Lord. Other suspected Pelacano targets according to the indictment were real estate developer Robert McGuire. The late herbal life co-founder Mark Hughes by the products and five women who accused software engineer John Gordon Jones of raping them. Pelacano was 61 who's trying to include in top Hollywood entertainment lawyers and executives as well as celebrities including, wait to hear this list. Tom Cruz, John Trouble to and Michael Jackson. Please did not kill the Israeli yesterday. You see anything in promenade? You see a common thread? Yeah, dude. He was charged with six out of individuals now. Hundreds of town indictment returned by federal grant jury last Wednesday. Two days before Pelacano completed a 30 month prison sentence for federal firearms violations. This guy's got all kinds of stories. He was released last Friday from a federal prison to nobody West mortals. A US magistrate yesterday ordered Pelacano to be in hell without bond. If convicted, the former private aphases up to 20 years in prison on each of the racketeering charges against him. He's been quoted as a violent hilden and never betray a cipherfuck former clients. So the case has been closely in Hollywood for signs that more powerful people might be caught up in the investigation. Several shell business heavy-ways have answered questions from federal agents or a period before the grand jury conducting the probe. Among them, paramount pictures group, Chairman Brad Gray, universal president Ron Meyer and veteran entertainment lawyer Birdfields. What if he's came to peppy fields or toting fields or strawberry fields? One time, Disney executive Michael Ovis had found with the CAA who found himself at odds with the successes of the town agency. Also was questioned by investigators with the New York Department of State's Office. Anthony Pelacano, F. Lee I agent searching his West Hollywood office on computer files containing large volumes of Wired Tap notes and transcript as well as firearms grenades and explosives. Wow! Even a muslims are going to stay in hell away from him. The weapons discovered that his guilty plea on felony firearms charges in October 2003 and a two and a half year prison two. So can't us must talk to him. A. Abraham, Solomon, Jesus, Buddha, Joseph Smith, Joseph, you're ski. Why are they said, Jesus, just use Jesus. Don't be going around calling Jesus, you're ski. Why don't you drive a toy term and there's going to be a lot of really upset the goi. Marching out there and tearing on and waving stuff and burning buildings down. It's the robatory. So don't be telling yes. What does it mean? Jesus. Oh well, you're ski. Jesus is a fantastic. That's right. It's a sarcastic term. It's like talking about the Sylvia's glam. It's the same thing. Although glam by itself just means Gentiles. That's all. Then have to be the pilot. You mean the robatory? Yes. You're worse. Absolutely. I'm sorry. That's all. There you go. Hey, let's not pick on all of them. Okay. All the gits keys. The Jewish Gits keys. The Gits keys. The muslim gets you sleepy especially out of control over the top. Over the top boys. Okay. Cut the comedy. Cut the crap. Okay. It is contrived. I'll look at it to stir up the crap. Okay. This looking for another convenience used to act like a bunch of a violin animals like my grandmother used to say. The violin animals. Your behavior is vile. Okay. It's given me a pile. God. Well, what is this? They're still doing the funeral here for Christ's takes. Who did Moe? Rosa Parks, Pat Robertson, or a Corretiscott King. Huh? Well, I mean, how long is this going? I'm a study guy. Jesus Christ. I'm sorry. Yes, Christ. Yes. You're skew. What would you? What would you? What would you? What would you? What would you? What would you think? Okay. It's a look at this. We're way past the break. 17 to one. We got Curtis to two. Madbaga, full. Panther P. B. with six thirty. Panthers at the captain seven. Well, if they can't beat a girl's team and any kids in a class tonight, the same girl's team would be the least for one last Friday. Okay. Guys Valentine's Day is next Tuesday. The last thing you want to do is spend your week at the mall. I got three words for you. Vermont teddy bear. Call one of their bear counselors 1 800 829 bear and they'll help you choose the perfect bear for your wife or girlfriend or both. They'll deliver right on Valentine's Day with free chocolate and the gift card in their famous box. Ask about the love vented bear. The lover boy bear, the mad about you bear or the red red they brand new red hot redneck for about the price of a dozen roses that will be wilted and didn't just a couple of hours. You'll be giving her something she'll love forever. She'll be clean into it and the bear too. Vermont teddy bears are the old bears handmade in America and guaranteed for life and best of all so think of you every time she hugs her bear. Make this the best Valentine's Day ever with a gift you'll love it. Always remember call 1 800 829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear dot com today. Send the creative alternative to flowers Valentine's Day. Let me ask what on t. Be sure to tell that Neil told you call in shop online Vermont teddy bear dot com or bet we at call 1 800 829 B. E. A. R. This is Neil Roger. This is 516. It's not. Talk radio other heard in my life when W. I was on the train to all sexy. Oh, when the very love the late of the next day. I was on the train to all sexy. Oh, when the very love the late of the next day. to wait. Which he got as t. Be asked to buy with whole girl's sight. I was more than happy to. To know this more I've like to do. I'll wanna kiss her bud. Correct them! She won't let me I want to whisper So we've not been in her rear I want to hold her behind Close doors and more I want to kiss her but She won't let me When she returned She says she was an actress She showed me an album of pictures of her opening Which even says not She's saying the sweet she could be But I was clear less than She was the time in her soul And her soul then starts to stand right down Right now Correct them! I want to kiss her but She won't let me I'll brag I want to whisper Sweet nothings in her rear I want to hold her behind Close doors and more I want to kiss her but She won't let me Well, they've ever forget The dreamer stands up all season And we're shared as funny And we shared our tales But as long as our thoughts will be behind Regret our whole mind Close our eyes And touch it better In the end I want to kiss her but She won't let me I want to whisper Sweet nothings in her rear I want to hold her behind Close doors and more I want to kiss her but I want to kiss her but I want to kiss her but She won't let me Correct them! It's damn your kill me It's 11 before 11 at 5.60. You kill a man That's where you are baby You kill a man Mark it down on your arm on your eats cheek Correct them Wait till you hear this You're going to fall off your cheek Better strap it in Oh you would be surprised We got a Nazi government I think we're never quite a party What they have to do is take an hour Take two hours And by two hours of network time And have Howard Dean go on here And just scream and rattle and rattle Like Howard B. I'll chip it I mean the stuff that's going on now It's not just the ease dropping And the wire tapping And the opening of people's mail And the long litany of illegal things That they do in all the secrecy From the very beginning From the secret energy meetings with Kenny Boyle And everybody that they still won't tell us who that was in them President George W. Bush took a swipe And he took that big board in his own today Yesterday And he proposed flashing funds to public broadcasting By more than $150 million $150 million They can make flush that down the toilet About a half an hour on their pork barrel bull crap On pork And I got news for the orthodoxy to have you about it And neither are the Muslims And the president's 2007 But the citizen is still at the Jews for Christ's sake For your sake Just like they the Catholics solely Beenees Can't you guys come up with something original? We're not going to busy killing people Don't wait that both of these Let the Jews were killing people They came up with their own head gear And the president's 2007 budget request Funding for the corporation for public broadcasting Will be cut by a $5.5 million next year And $50 million more in 2008 No more Those cuts to reflect others Made in funding at the education and commerce department And the elimination of specific programs for digital TV Conversion and satellite delivery system Public broadcasting officials That's made the entire budget cuts Run 150 sub-migit over the two year period Asked with a grouch has been friendly Sesame Street characters and president Bush Who he chosen to make huge cuts to children's TV programs Said representative Edward Markey of Massachusetts In a world of fast and furious TV with ratings driven content The public broadcasting system represents the last Longhold of quality child-oriented programming We owe this to America's children he said The constant public broadcasting Our president is 10 by the way It has to reduce the country's red ink Oh yeah As the administration seeks more money for the military And seeks to make Bush's first term tax cuts permanent For the rich I mean you stop and think about this as you want to Swoon Can't afford the rich to be paying more taxes No more but we've got to cut money from a PBS Because it's a bunch of liberal bastards A temp spot conservative Republicans to cut Seat corporation for public broadcasting funds There are nothing new Many conservatives do the public broadcasting Is a bastion of liberalism While the benefits to make cuts the service has Why important Congress from Republicans and Democrats Who like its dedication to public affairs and educational programming Last year in overwhelming majority in Congress I decided to restore a cuts proposed by the administration This year those cuts could even deeper And it could be more difficult to win the fight in Congress John Lawson, President and CEO of the Association of Public Television We've dealt with cuts in this White House every year But these are the deputies ever presented Lawson said We see a clear and present danger here It took an advertising campaign from public TV To mobilize the services supporters Something that might not be as effective a second time around he said This is a tough environment in Washington right now We're competing with other priorities Lawson said If you don't make your case you lose We won't last year but only after we asked the station to go on You and tell the communities what was happening It's an effort we won't foreclose but if you do that every year It loses its effectiveness We're going to try to win this one on the ground How do you like that? They got them down on the ground Down on the heck of a job by the way Mickey Brown There's that allen T Brown I'm certain All the Browns all the time 56070560 do you have any idea what I was just talking about? No PBS baby, cuttin and slash him The only people who would be allowed to be on the air Is early animals and a danna and the Pat Robertson 247 The assassination of the hour Have they showed that cartoon? Remember that one yesterday they showed on the air Brad Robertson? Sure I don't see any of the even the fanatical southern factors I don't see them screaming They're not killing anybody yet Maybe if you abort it or not They're a wine in about it They're always wine Do they wine in about it? Yeah Yeah, that's fine You can wine all you want Yeah, something offensive Wine about it Yeah Yeah But don't throw it around burden places down And killing people Other than the excuse that you're offended Too freaking bad you're offended Okay I think someone needs to teach them The rag heads are lessen Right now You don't want to say it? Let's get somebody Let's get Harry Truman back He's not going to mess around Saying all our troops over there to give killed He'll just teach a quick lesson And then they'll say Oh yeah, let me put Truman on our pool Thought we did Yeah Harry and all of a sudden they'll be real Friendly and real subservience Harry Truman, is he got votes on there? I don't see him, he's got a vote Probably the guy called it in Probably some guy says, oh we should let all of his Americans be killed instead of you know, Bring those jacks to their knees You don't see that hero he don't Fading for a harbor anymore, do you? Or he lost? Yeah I mean just because they saw it all in Dan Cars Who is the most despicable murderer of all time? By the way, how's that the sales ticket coming to When I came into that day and gave me the big sound of Dan's But I beat but I don't remember that? Which one? I don't want to talk about it I don't know I had somebody to do with Cars Remember that? I was like, oh, I'm glad you're right And he's done on your wrist I didn't Is kind of a token momento Who is the most despicable murderer all time? Hitler 444 Lovely mustache And the world looked the other way Because the world didn't give a damn about the Jews And the gypsies and the fags or anybody else All they cared about was their own ass And when their own ass started getting like You know when he started bombing like London And when he went into Russia which was a bad mistake And then all of a sudden he decided to even Maybe you think about coming over here And we said, oh, we better not do that no more And so Roosevelt got the warning about Pearl Harbor And he kind of like, oh, that's convenience kind of like 9-11 You know? Sensing Verk in Vignan And so we said back and we left him a bomb Pearl Harbor And we said, oh, we're going to go to World War with him And at the same time because because it's convenient We'll go to World War Germany too How's that? Okay, we'll take it Worked out fine A lot of dead people though Hitler 444 George W. Bush too So he once figured out a lot of dead people All my god They're dying like it's more or more American soldiers today In our rack Every day They're just numbers out of sheet of paper And he had to even look hard not to find it Because immediately inside of well And they big news no more You know? Who cares? Swapatatus Stalin 93 And I love him Saudi High Jack or 75 Susan Smith 42 Oh, stop me, mama 39 Tim McVay 29 Oh, Jason 27 Paul Pot 26 Kill over a million people in Cambodia Over a million And he's only got 26 votes Piker What we don't care about them? Cambodians anyway, do we? No No And we ate 25 Jeffy Domernine The Harvey Oswald ate Charles Manson Heed Monday 8 Four for Jim Jones and his cool aid John Wayne Gacy 4 Or can you imagine that stench Thrus of Mangaloth 3 Jack Ruby 3 Lieutenant William Callie 2 Like we just to say Me lie Jack the Ripper 2 Leopold and Logue 2 One for Harry Truman, General Sherman Eric Harris and Bill and Clay are Clot Clebowl 1 Dennis Raider 1 Eric and Laman and his one Bad hairpiece James James Earl Ray Jones 1 David Berkowitz 1 Non-Phor Lizzy Borden Charles women Charles England, Eileen Warnos, Albert de Salvo Edguine, Marshall Apple White, John Mohammed the sniper guy Richard Ramirez, Richard Spect, Gary Gilmore and Sir Hands Sir Hands, out of 1134 votes You notice we got past 119 even mentioned in 1000 We got a big mole meant to be got now We got a mole going out baby I'm saying So who would you rather have back more Joe? Mo Joe? Can we have votes? Do we have a choose? Yeah When you're shopping for choose, Comfort and Venezuela is all about So head over to Brandy shoes To the most comfortable fit in your favorite style of shoes You're going to love Brandy, so we won't your shoes They're all the time Because they've got that unbeatable combination When it comes to comfort, style, fit and value price You're on beatable and Brandy isn't carry off brand shoes Either only the top brands, every major brand ever Inventants, some might have been invented yet They got them rock port, floor shine, echo, new balance But fistO SAS and lots more And the professional shoofitters including our friend Arnie Will make damn sure you get the perfect fit That's the right price when you take your feet to Brandy Brandy's even specializes in wide wits for those who Fat people out there with big wide fat ones Brandy's worth the trip from any place in town You'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Toppo Beach Brandy's open every single day Monday through Saturday till 9 And every Sunday till 5 And this week is a great time to buy SAS shoes At Brandy's They 20 to 40 bucks off the retail price of all great men's civil and styles So be sure to get your ass in the Brandy's this week Or you're shoe shopping, what on your ass there on their website At Brandy's shoes.com This is new Rogers This is 560 Okay I would be more clear about a half an hour So listen to First of all Nick Carter has more talent in his white coat than you will ever have And he's not a pineapple head you stupid fat faggot Oh for God's affection It's the water to our by the way And we forget to mention there He did that's the water to our These days Nice days These days Like verses but we Muff tell you We swear we're nothing If you were These past days To pass They both take your hand Let them be We swear We swear We look like a dine We sing like a bunch of dirty Widers I'll rest in our days And says we got to say We swear We're nothing Our biggest fans I'll smell your organs Who think we're as cute as we do As they get older They all figure out We're hiding our latest scene One thing Is for sure we get Man in your wings Man in your wings Wives across the delicate side Throwing off the two of us I should reach your final But the pain we think We're thinking we're dead to say We swear we're nothing You're fair I swear we're nothing On a little girl's man And we're young females From about like 10 to 50 10 to 10 All this falling in love But the run What it is It's kind of like a living Samuel syndrome Always wanting the un Abtenible 5 6 7 0 5 60 And I think we're going to do the movie thing tomorrow Okay I mean today for tomorrow I mean later on You're going to say like in the foreseeable future Of the godfather a movie that you could watch as it in times I'm talking about like no no matter when it comes on TV You can't turn it off and you just keep watching and watching You're watching but you just love it You're into it You're immersed in it And I'm really out of your presence again By the way with a photo of the day at the funeral I'm needed more than a safe home Oh god All you must be talking about them poor slivers from your allings again How them talk with people that have no home What a what a heartless miserable right wing fanges faster That's all I can say and that's the good stuff I can say about your president Okay Man Other than godfather movie could watch as it in times Here's what we have on list so far far go Imaginary heroes I think I'll watch you think I'm going to go out and give me a copy of it Imaginary heroes Fargo I got far go All syndrome engineer heroes back I can make a copy keep my copy and send you the original What do you send me back I never sent you I had Amazon.com sending to you Well that's what I mean Oh Okay I'd like to have my own copy so I'm like real nice and crisp and clear you know that's right Yeah The question where why do you say so is crappy you know you know Amy or her from Sunnyhurst I saw that much boy at least as much of it as I think Oh well that's a movie it's just a movie Is because he was right on the only thing about him person Well there you go Maybe he's getting more asked then you'll ever get Well I'm sorry Okay moving along Oh I sure fell into that one Oops Wouldn't be first hurt Heat Wizard of eyes Joe dirt Lacing settles my cousin Vinnie I mean I'm reading this list and out we know to which is on where I see your opinion Plane strains in automobiles was that says Steve Schmottich metric Steve Martin Doug Martin Yeah I saw it Yeah I saw that was okay West Side Story Minority Report Reservoir Dogs Or that reserve her dogs the rediscape the natural Oh Robert Redford movie Rounders Let her ride pull fiction or Roger Rabbit That was the guy's name it's at passion Roger Roger Yeah Yeah Remember that? Yes I'll think of his last name Evil evil one who was always going to email me this and email me They email you mama okay Roger whatever his name was you know what I mean Not Roger Thorp God an evil or another one in corporate Jackass is Time and Hollywood chronic haven't heard from time to long time okay Arrow America is currently running Al Franken and Jim Rown side of simultaneously And nobody is picking up the data Broward numbers for I and Z Just tear challenge trying your new format They still suck and so does the right love bills just time Let me see if I can read that again Arrow America is currently running Al Franken and Jim Rowns Rome simultaneously and nobody is picking up the data Broward numbers for I WI and Z Well what does that mean? I don't understand what that means What part? Oh in other words, I guess what he's saying is the colleague calling in Well what are you doing this is over there anyway Todd? Huh? Huh? Call in there trying to help them out don't call let them continue Maybe they try to identify if they figure they can combine those two shows They can get a number and get about a three double choice Al Franken can get about a point nine and roll them get about a one one Like I said get a two what's it two year five six seven oh five sixty I guarantee our frankendon takes stupid pulls on his show and he sure's hold on I have no audience here Come in the QA and hello. Hey Neil how are you all right got a couple for the two different polls Yep one is Spartacus okay and the martyr with Tony Curtis and the Yeah, I am Spartacus and the other would be aerial sharon for the murder Oh, good choice and by the way how's he doing lately he's a vegetable I hope it's kosher okay, thanks. Okay, oh, they're Colin kosher vegetables. Um, I don't think so Okay, trade trade vegetable. Oh, I would have bigger. I don't know. I know that borscht is good with horse radish shon Oh, you're re-borscht every horse radish actually is both the horse radish shon get filled to fish And don't be telling Josh not to eat kefil to fit although it's really you like to show it's kind of tasteless Well, what I told you guys are rolling on there, but but it is isn't interesting that we hear absolutely nothing Zero nothing nothing this guy could have been dead for the last month for all we know and possibly you know Todd you're like that I mean talk about conspicuous by his absence is a little bit business strike a little bit strange And on the first the first the first few days there after his second massive stroke or heard about a beep, but it was just like yes, you're on the far We weren't hearing anything at all he was dead. He wasn't dead all kinds of good looking reports all kinds of stories out there on the street And Clemens who in the sunny was saying who said that if we lose the old man who said that or that was Robert Dubal. Yeah, so that we lose the old man That's what George is saying to Josh all the time. We lose the old man word employed. Yeah, no, you we what you talking about your bell loves you He says you're adequate a I'll take it Which is an improvement over the previous stuff up the previous guy said you were on adequate, which isn't even the right grammar Does anybody Q a M hello? Hi, Neil. Yes, man Listen, did you hear the downstour side? Who downstour? He played my power Dance to her. Oh, don't sturd. Yeah, downstour. It made dance to her dance all we're fine. Wow, there's not a shame. You know, he's only 110 years old Maybe that's why he wasn't a power picnic this summer That's a bummer. Yeah Well, whatever happened to Philip that was supposed to be still alive. We're supposed to forget about it, huh? He refused to come back on the show. Was that what it was? Yep, well, are you kidding me? So another word they give us this funny story line and they set up this whole phony marriage between Beth and Alan based on Philip is going to give drawn out now. All the cities come back on the show. Well screw him Right, they thought they'd bring him back, but he was just a couple back He had the skin pulled over and they bones on his face. He was so gone. Okay. Thanks. All right, bye. Thanks for the bad news Don't sturd his daddy played my power in the guiding light for our mid years. In every year he come back on the show for like one day Christmas time You know, maybe pop a bar in the birdbour coming back to Remember all the powers Hank, power Johnny, power Steve on the shower Stephen Bauer Michelle Bauer from the Yeah, it was a baby bar my buddy. What was the movie he was in my tour to who's uh, what was that movie? Oh, you know, that's one he was just saw isn't it? What was he in sleepers? Which one the one he did sell when Edward Norton when I just sent you? Oh, he wasn't that. Yeah, he was kind of like he's a small time boy Primal fear he was in our TV bar right he's got he's pretty good actor. He's a good actor He's had his issues but then again who hasn't let's see dumb and dumber and Jurassic Park and jaws I would have just there's just too many movies on here, so I'm just so full playing away from iodine That's just like give us one maybe I'll get catch a little slack where burger flacking give you two, but not that a list of every movie that was ever made Jesus Christ I'm sorry I had to buy that they just aren't that many movies that I want to salmon in there a few But over and over I don't think they understand the magnitude of this like if imagine here was was on every night I watched it every day For a while and of course that's they're puking from it You understand? Yeah, well, you know you didn't like it quite that much. They're not quite but I just I don't know I just thought it was And you're always like I said you're always complaining about lousy endings and had a granted It was a therapy and you but an end re okay There are a different questions that we have there at least an I'm thinking about like maybe what I happen after that You know, or if that's so much our question is you just wanted to keep going Yeah, I sure do I want to see what's going where it goes. Yeah, yeah, I know exactly where that one's going where it's ending up It's coming after one night listen you're the guy that's sending me bareback cowboy And I can't wait talking to you. Okay, I don't know if I want to watch that. Oh, you have to you have to for the So it's a girl and I was in Donnie dark when he died in the end so to speak But it's what we said maybe I'll send you down to dark when I got it you want it. Yeah I'll strip it on to you. I got it right in the other room. I seen it as a great good movie Just because Josh is up there not a shit that it wouldn't be ending for everybody he dies I'm just isn't that what the whole movie is leading up to anyway that he's for a die I don't care that you really it's not no well he keeps thinking that though We don't want to let him down And Jake killing holes case maybe he should have died before he got to you know before he is queer kind of bottom doubt if he part that expression Right, though That's what the George told me again and that coin is supposed to see he's ledger to me I still say I don't get it. I don't know what to deal is I'm sure he's a good actor that what did I see him then I saw him somewhere Oh, she in oh Monsters ball ball. Yeah, he was fine And then he was fine Right, I mean they have like the major role in them will be but he was fine. He did okay But that's what that's what he impresses me as it is like not like a great leading actor So like that and they're making such a big fuss about him that should tell you there's a we need great birth of you know You got your Jude law and Who else I mean you know mad Damon hey Matt you fair and what else? Great things Like I said rest my case do not I beg you do not see I mean that will be got so much hype and I got all the awards the constant gardener You'll have a constant odds you got your puppet bullet when you see that I'll pass L pass. Oh believe me. He is just so boring 13 at 5 60 WQM. I've been telling you by dry concept for a very very long time And I've used to myself for over 20 years in a variety of joints and they're the best and right now I encourage you to take advantage of dry concepts maintenance contract that provide you with a 10% discount all dry concept services Including they're one of a kind carpet cleaning leather drape your rental work cleaning They also specialize in pet odor treatments ceramic tile and ground cleaning mattress cleaning the sick Advid those dust mites and lots more and during this month during February dry concepts have got a special offer for you on a post reclinning Don't replace your furniture just because it's soil Let dry concepts rejuvenate your furniture just a fraction of cost or replacing it or we're a post ring it All of our concepts that connections are especially trained They really know their stuff to give you the best possible service and they always give you written guarantee price up Front be four-day start to job no scams no repost no disappointment at the end of the job So don't be fooled by the emitators You made a big investment and would decorate your home now time to protect that investment call dry concepts today toll free and date route of the palm beaches 1-800-248-5071 and don't forget the February special a tool street cleaning 1-800-248-5071 around the worldwide wicked web log on to dryconcepts.com This is a new Roger S5-16 Jesus George Bush doesn't care about black people Don't you do it? If anybody has a opinion It's a sending from our way Your patient name and who does things now I tend to be obsessed Don't even have a two-quad This panel would don't pay Everybody's sending signs Passes to a stay It's the occupation There was a guard of you Everyone does a thing So but you This is a deportation And all you find is The deportation Passes to a stay There's gotta be those who Incident they borrow school They leave everything we can And the same run you Blood water for the total bread Will you rest on day? A roving chainy bushman Faces to escape We don't find to see our job Go Or buy the time at these pools Or pass a day goodbye chain Don't be so stupid Or thou want to see The pack of calories in vain At that of everybody's turn and fives Passes to a stay One minute to QAM I don't know why he sent me those iodine He sent me the iodine Because it burns man He burns my eyes What if it says indi? What if it says? I don't know what it says But they keep adding to the list Here's another day Whatever I'm dying for that I'm dying for that I'm dying for that I'm dying for that I'm dying for that I'm dying for that I'm dying for that I'm dying for that I'm dying for this Really I'm dying for that Are we dying of those rods What's the matter? Let me check the noise Be back calm, calm down, you maniacs! We're now facing a growing global crisis, Andres felt Ross Musinsid, it's now something else than drawings in Yolens' post-in. The islands post-in, and a Danish newspaper first published in drawings that as far as violent protested Muslim countries worldwide, they've since been reprinted meteoround to world, and the Muslims are just rattling their spirits and yank in their verphas. Thimmest Raiders in Afghanistan, that they excites with NATO forces and free protestes were killed. Now it's become an international political matter that I urge common steadiness. Outrage Muslim demonstrators who said incredibly Danish embassies in Syria and Lebanon have held chaotic protests elsewhere of the man of the Danish government of apologised for the cartoon, which Ireland's post-in printed way back in September. This is the middle of February already, and it just got around to stirring everybody up. But if all Ross Musinsid has indicated that Denmark is not kind of playing changing, it's strategy for responded to these sparkling tensions. Ross Musinsid has assisted the Denmark's press freedom culture means the government cannot apologize for what an independent newspaper does. In other words, they don't have government controlled newspapers. Unlike in the USA government controlled media, the newspapers apologize for any offense caused to Muslim, but as defendants, printing of the drawings has a legitimate exercise and freedom of expression. The drawings, including one depicting the problem wearing a turban shaped as a bomb, have touched Iran nerve in part because Islam is interpreted to forbid any illustrations of the private Mohammed for critically duality. Or is that adultery? We appeal the Muslims around the world to look beyond the headlines that the rhetoric for and Mr. Paris, dig more, said alongside Fog Ross Musinsid. Earlier the form ministry said that Danish embassies and jacquarded in the knees have been temporarily closed because the fears will be stormed in it. Niels Eric Anderson, what if he's going to hand-createn Anderson you think? I'll then march ambassador hands down, he gets the job, then march ambassador in to his head Muslims group started in Egypt and burning Danish flags and refugees have Fog Ross Musinsid. I don't even like that. You talk about making a big cemus, about nothing. Partumes came out of September that makes even more ludicrous. You know, I read that comment, remind me to read it again tomorrow. That's what the best things I've ever read in my life. And if you had told me I would be reading a Christian for Hitchens' call, huh? You and me both. The case for mocking religion, I just emailed it to Eric at two or Jacques whoever it's both. We ought to put that on here, keep it on there because, but for all of his other feelings, I believe he's got many of them. He makes me want to bore most of the time. But boy, you talk about somebody who came out and told it exactly like it is. All you have an I told you, that's what the world is all about today. It's religious and antics against the rest of us. Leave us alone, they won't do it. They're just dragging us down to the gutter of stupidity with them. While, of course, a whole bunch of other lunatics are busy trying like squeeze every dime I can out of our ass. But we're going to be exploring those alternative forms of energy. We're going to begin away from that dependence on Middle Eastern oil. Right. Right. Who the hell are you, kiddin? Band-aford easier so there'd be sold in stores. A new soda promising to sexually arise the person drinking it will soon be available in stores nationwide. The drink called turn on is made with Guarana, Jinsing and caffeine. The soda was banned in France and Denmark. See what a bunch of trouble makers there. But maybe it's insisted safe and horses and affordies, yeah. People will test it the soda. It says it tastes like cherry soda. Hmm. See a little something the sublittle there? I got it. We watched the film and then afterwards I felt like my senses were more like turned on. I thought we could feel more. I felt more on my skin a tester said. Maybe they got an ass. Maybe they got like rats or skatey. That could be it. Doctors have already warned that the drink is not for everybody. Children pregnant women and people with high blood pressure and diabetes should have avoided the drink quarterly for it. It's probably over to was sugar. A warning label on the can claims this beverage will arouse you. I think Tom Cruise has the same warning label on his can. Turn on the soda online for three and a half bucks a can. It'll soon be available in stores. Got it. I know I said turn on the washing for it. This like that jolt soda you know as they make the Rochester right across the lake. That's the stuff that it's was drink. Wasn't it? By the gallon. Sure. I wonder he's always whipped up. WDQA and hello. QAM. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Don't watch for us the large dog. It was okay. You're not going to like it. That's what George keeps telling me I would hate it. Yeah. If I never saw it, it would have you know a little bit. Okay. Isn't ironic that the people who are who as a sponsor for 9-11, which is the Bush administration, perhaps they'll be doing nothing when they had warnings that we were going to get attacked who's questioning you take pictures and above that average American citizens. And isn't it really interesting since the call is about the great war on terror that they're fighting that all these the rag hits from the who bomb the weather school just escaped in Yemen the other day. How do you like that? Oh, I want to out. All kinds of the way. Yeah. How did they let him out? How come they're still alive? They're good. I love them protecting us against these slime balls in the world. And they can't even keep behind bars for quite for your speech sake. Yeah, because they're all you know, they're all at it. Okay. They're all fed together, baby. It's one. Like like I totally like we're Josh's favorite movie, the world is a business Mr. Beal. Everybody should be forced to watch that seeing including Josh Kordes who just don't even understand what that seems all about when you make it a kind of money he has when he's stuck in into finance that's beyond his scope. He can't even afford a bottle of scope. Try that orange list of remands good stuff. You tell me using it? Yeah, the tendering. Well, that's the tendering for a real queen man. That is the best I've seen. Oh, man. It's a little on the mean side, but leave it to the story. No, seriously, you can't switch it around to him out too long. Can you? Yeah, I can. I'm used to it. Really? Yeah. He's an excellent boy. I'll tell you. I can get Jewish just wild now, but I'll pass. Andrew. 27. Well, I will. 27 after one of the five and six to W. K. Oh my god, Curtis for the slot for the most slot between two and full and shock martin, the coach of your Florida Panthers, that's re-acluck because it goes to the territory. We have to give them some time and you know, and they got the Panthers got some inventory. Remember the day that my photo set that got some inventory? Yeah. You know, when we start selling some real spots on the space net, it'll be really exciting. If you're going to get in job, if you're underpaid, if your new year's resolution to get out of that rut and you get to a new high pancreas, then make it a reality by actin now by picking up that phone and calling fast train to free at 1 866 fast train. They can get you a new high pancreas in just a few short months. They can give you a life. The demand for medical coding specialist and computer professionals right now as I speak is at an all-time high. And fast train offers convenient day evening weekend classes, job placement assistance financially for people to qualify. So pick up the phone right now and make a call that can really change your life. Call fast train at 866 fast train. They've placed over 100 people just like you in 2005. Check fast train on the web fast train dot com but be sure and do it fast because classes are filling up really quickly. So almost at the friend of opportunity this year, hop aboard and change your life with a real career and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it and got only knows what else. Make that new as resolution by making that one easy call. Be sure and tell them the Todd director to call. One 866 fast train. This is a new Roger. This is 566. Live in Chicago. Oh, bro. I've been in television since I was 19 years old and I have never been in this position. I don't do it. As you may have heard. Excuse me, oh, bro. Yes. Yeah. This is Stedman calling in on your show. Okay. From New York. And I wanted to tell you that I've liked you too. I know we've been together for several years but I'm actually married to somebody else. Oh no. I'm really sorry. But I gotta go. Oh my god. Oh, bro. I liked you too. Unbelievable. I know. Of all people you think you could trust your gynecologist. Why would you not open your van? Oh no. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, and you should kick a prostate check out. We'll write that. And the husband and the woman raised never has any any creature. Male female or indifferent made more money with less sound than that bitch. It just, it just, yeah, grinds my ass. I don't know if anybody, anybody, even Bill Gates down from people that we not know Steinburner. I don't be grudge. You know, I mean, I like someone else people but they made the money. Ted Turner, whatever. But in her case, I'm like an exception because she just she thinks her stuff don't stink man and the women that she's got brain washed. That's another one's like another religion. See, let me just say this about the Muslims. What they've done is they've taken the Catholics and they've multiplied times 100. In other words, they've done a much better job of brain washing their people. And the reason they can do it is because the Saudi invented and then packy continued madras or business where they take the end and you see them. You see the clips of the kids in those schools and they're sitting in their dobbling and they're put to be pitiful. And then that's all they all they long as all they learn is religious for that. This is when we hate to Jews and anybody west of India and that we don't like them either. And it says insanity, madness, brain washing and brain washing and these people are just full of a hate. And just like in the garden, remember he said they hit us, we got to hit it back. I see before they get us, we got to get them. That's all. Now that's what I'm thinking. First of all, a true woman we need them. So that's all this pussy foot in the round and I rack. People of our rack are not the enemy, okay? Although there's some of there that I now, thanks to was, thanks to your president. So hotbed for lunatics, just exactly like what was predicted in the Democrats and that Alzheimer's they got CA can be Alzheimer's and they went around and went and went it's pathetic. Even on the right wing websites they're talking about how pathetic it is. Like on his wiretapping business. And a couple, you know, there were a few people yesterday like they're digging at her baby will say he's junior there, Alberto V. O. Five. But I mean, and then what? Then what? What happens afterward? All the hearings, all the committees, all the time. It just likes an item 11 commission. And every every time we turn around the New Orleans commission, the Katrina Commission, the chocolate commission. And after this is all, then what happens? Anything? No. And then we move on to some other crap, like his business with the taken more funding away from PBS. They won't be happy until we have the Heinrich Himmler hour in Pat Robertson. Are the only shows we can watch 24 or seven with an occasion with a daily guest appearance, a photo while by your fewer. There ought to be a major fewer about it, you know? And there's not. But how about those tears? We won the Super Bowl there you go. Who is the most despicable murderer of all time? We got 1,21224 votes. Aren't you amazed at that? Amazing. Just kind of split right in there. We slud. Like this, you need to say we slud at a third. Here they're 474. No doubt. Well, maybe there is some doubt. Because Bush ain't just getting started now. George's deputy 299, a very respectable. I would say even Brock Solie. Second. Showing. Stalin 97, 911 Saudi hijacker 82. Susan Smith 46 or some of in law in 41, Paul Pot 31, who don't have a pot to a kiss in now. O. J. Intimic V. of each guy. And we're 85. Jeffrey Dhammer 9, Lee Harvey Oswald 9, Chuck Manson 8, Ted Monday 8, Joseph Mangala, 6, Jim Jones 4, John Wayne Gacy 4, Harry Truman 3, Jack the Ripper 3, Jack Ruby 3, Lieutenant William Cali 2, Dorothy Kilgallon did make list. Dennis Raider 2, Alie pulled and leave, low, but too, low. As an ear? Your low. Oh, look how he spelled aerial, sharon like a TV aerial. Well, okay, when you when you did it does make it a much how they split your name. I don't know if he's dead or alive. We get nothing. It's one of the great mysteries of all time. And this and with all the respect to Corbeta Scott King, this funeral, and then this has been going on for two solid days now. There must be nothing else going on in a world. You know, like those four dead soldiers in Iraq, they sure kills a lot of good times that they don't have to give us the kids a real bad news. There you got it. Yeah. Once with the animal sherman, Charles Whitman, what about Walt Whitman? Eric Harrison, Dylan Cleabel, Eric of L'Alman and this, James are already in David Birchwood's E. Chadassina. Only one for the Son of Sam. What are what that is? None for Lizzie Borden with her 40 wax, Charles Inne, Eileen Warnos, Albert de Salvo, the Boston Strangler, Edguine, Marshall Athelwhite, John Muhammad, Richard Ramirez, Richard Speck, Gary Gilmore, and Sir Hans Sir Han, who still trying to get out of that Tacoma, on on 1230. 1230, like W. J. Noah West Palm. 1975, I was W. J. Noah by the way, I'm going to call that after the show from your buddy. My buddy. I'm in Bastard. Oh, Harold. Right. What my 30th anniversary in the market is coming up like in 21 days, 22 whatever it is. It's a short month, 28 days as February and Mars nobody cares. And Mars first. Aren't you excited about it? The road to death. I'm not. 30. Like that's what the headline in the story should be, not that he writes the headline or that I should be telling a hero what to write about 30 man. Wouldn't that be great headline? That would have been a son several, of course, hasn't discovered it, because a little time he jack his busy getting wind and dines till I'm sure I'm not West Coast. And even if he weren't, you don't think that son several way anything about it anymore, do you? No, now with them. So leave it to our close personal, Francie. I guess Kevin Baxter is about the only first that they heard that isn't in the pocket of the people across the street. So if he writes, you know, we're in a nice piece or even an astronaut, he's piece about my 30 years on here in South Florida. That'll be like a little something, you know, something something? Which you sure more than the more assistance that we got from inside. We don't want to. But Clarence, now is the yesterday when I forced him to do it. Like I said, Francie, if I want you to know something, if I want you to know something, if I want you to know something, if I want you to know something, I'll be more than happy. The email you to call you to leave you a massage to do something. Don't bother me. Don't bug me, okay? Even if you want to talk to me, because I don't want to. You think he's got the message? No, I don't want him. Scientists tell discovery of hundreds of new species in Rotten, New Guinea. You see this story? No. Oh, this is exciting. All right. Wait on us. So if you let me forget to read that Christopher Hitchin story again tomorrow. I won't. I thought you were going to be going today. Tomorrow. All right. No, I want to take my time. I want to read a nice and slowly. I want to like nutsy it and elaborate and emancipate and evacuate and astonishing mistrouted lost world of previously unknown and wear animals and plants high in the mountain rainforest of New Guinea. Can we say that? I'm not sure we can even say that anymore. We can't say how about old Guinea. We said about old Guinea. New Wapa. Oh, I can't find that thing. Where is that thing where he says, I don't care. Oh, I see areas where he says, take, oh, guinea, what? Great. Oh, good. Come out of the wood. Garden of Eden. They're finding garden of Eden. Don't eat that fruit, man. What is reach? Eve is reaching for right now. I think she's going to eat it. In a jungle camp, sites are surrounded by giant flowers on own plants. The researches watch rare. Bauer birds see what we're just talking about. Mike Bauer and Papa Bauer and all them other Bauer Johnny Bauer. They watch rare Bauer birds perform elaborate courtship rituals. These surrounding forest was full of strange mammals such as tree kangaroos and spiny adeaters, which appeared totally on a freight, suggesting no previous contact with humans. Because if they had previous comment, they'd run like a contact, they'd run like hell. That's funny. Bruce Bealer of the American Group Conservation International who led the month-long expeditionized to member December said, it is as close to the garden of Eden as you're going to find on earth. We found dozens if not hundreds of new species and what is probably the most pristine ecosystem in the whole Asian Pacific region. Oh wait till a bush people find out about that. How many days before they destroy that? About 30, man. There were so many new things it was almost overwhelming. Can you believe it? All of these things. And there's only scratch the surface of what's there. The signs is hope to return this year. The area about 300,000 hectares. I have no idea how many acres that is in the hectares? No, I think that they'd mean acres when they said. I'm where I know. No, they don't mean that. Well, they don't. Hector is an acres. I don't think they're the same. What do you mean they mean? This is an operation dependent. Well, lies in the upper slopes of the Fuji Mountains in eastern most in least of four province of western New Guinea, which is part of Indonesia. The discoveries by the team from Conservation International and the Indonesian Institute of Sciences will enhance the island's reputation as one of the most biodeversant earth. The mountainous terrain is caused hundreds of distinct species to evolve. Often specific to small areas to evolve sounds like they're coming plug-in. Go tell us Jack Heson can't say about that. No. Evolution my ass. Wow. And then it's got a list here. Do I? I think I have some for student on you. Do we have it on our website? Josh? Pretty sure. Just end of science. It's held discovery. I'm sure I did. Because then it's got a list of all the new things they found birds. The red faced wild, honey eater. I got a red face bottle. And the breeding grounds of two birds have almost mythical fantasy golden-fronted bower bird and brollevishes six-wire bird are paradise long to believe they're a bit of disappeared. 40 species of males, mammals including six species of free kangaroos. The rare and almost unknown long-veaked kidney or spiny antider. Wow. All kinds of plants, butterflies, frogs, I don't forget John Martana 3. This is Neil Rosary. This is 5.62. You do not belong here damn craggy it. Go smell your craggy. Yes you've heard about the place of Jesus on a pacetose. The place on a bagel. Even on a potato chair. Now you can eat like the kangaroos with a new god of pockets. A little round taste treats with a blanket crust and the pipes from god or maybe with a house in owners. Just lay your hands on the bed pop them in the toe delving. And in just minutes they are hot as hell. Yeah, as you can have them for breakfast. Yeah, as have them for communion. All right, have them in that snack. Also available in kosher. When you smell the bird in bush, you know they go to pockets from the makers of Mohammed Bikes. Right next to the pot. I'm moved in the pre-sacetion. Say I mean. 144 goes to their 10k and the also the sceneable is going on forever. It's going to be pitiful but about. He sure attended plenty of those, you know. Yeah, either. In fact, right in the middle of this ulogy, what he ought to do is just you know, just throw the script away and start waiting and screaming about the anossies have taken over the country and stolen two elections. How fast do they keep you off the air? Remember when they came in there and dragged Howard Biel off the set? Right. Now let's see how old 2,035 is what? How many years from now? 29 years from now. I'm going to be a push-knock disease and George, you'll be around. Maybe possible. John, he'll definitely be around and let's see how he keeps eating all that bad stuff. How about I watch him underving news for you? I'm working as strong as predicted. The earth will experience a mini-icage in the middle of the century caused by low solar activity. In fact, he avoids from the sun that's saying cabbier bulldozer, adzumatah of the poltovo, a strong, an astronaut, a well, who is some Russian guy in St. Petersburg that's not Florida that's a Russia. Said yesterday that temperatures have begun falling six or seven years from now. When global warming caused by increased solar activity in the 20th century reaches its peak. The coldest period will occur 15 to 20 years after a major solar output decline between 2035 and 2045. Why see? Well, I might be sure for me, 15 to 20 years after that. I guess, see, might be safe. 2050? That's 44 years away. Josh, it's probably me around. Yeah. They hold nasty winds up of the bad case of some of the sexually transmitted. For matter changes, the earth surface temperatures are an ordinary phenomenon. I'm not anomaly, he said. And result from variations of the sun's energy output an ultraviolet radiation. The northern hemisphere is most recent cooled on period of curvy between 1645 and 1705. The resulting period known as the little ice age left canals in the Netherlands, frozen solid and force people in Greenland to abandon their houses to glaciers. I like that. So those canals in the Netherlands will be frozen solid brown. Heck of a job, Brownie. So that needs to be an extra slope all that much more go to just to stay warm over there. They're going to be robust. Bonfire is evident. Well, they can roll them up in them Danish newspapers. 567.05.60. Town, let's get to more movies for this cell. Oh, yeah, we're not cycle on till the night. So tomorrow have plenty of time to add more. Other than Godfather, a movie you could watch as it in times. Got it? Got it. WQA in. Hello. Okay. Well, they're thinking about it. WQA in. Hello. And they're thinking about it. It's my bag because I've been busy. But how come those lines are still ringing? See what I'm saying? There's play with this. Who on the usual? 567.05.60. Town 5.60. Leave a rise in singular wireless line. Be ashamed if we ran out of here at 2 o'clock and your very favorite was on the list. Wouldn't that be bad? That would be a shame. I'd be dry. Give us one or not. I can't if you like. Well, go right in and I don't see. I'll be vanilla like that. Like that. Thanks. I don't even know just jump right in there. Sing city. Sing city. Never seen it. You wouldn't like it. No, you wouldn't. I would like it. No, you wouldn't. Not. Or I would not like it. Why is that too much violence? Well, I could name any one of the stars that are in it. And okay, running. I'll take you. We're for proof of it. Tell me if you're. Tell me if you're. Hello. Hello. Yes. I wanted to talk to Neil Rogers. You speak into him. I just want to tell you how I enjoy your show. I've listened for many years. You start my day off with a laugh. I love your sense of humor. And when you're when you're serious, you are right on the target. That's what I always tell them. Well, thank you. And I just wanted to tell you that because I've been trying to call you for a long long time. I'm glad I got you today. That relates to never. Thanks a lot, sweetheart. Okay. Thank you. As you guys are nice lady. How do you like that? We had a lady. She was so nice. That's right. She was nice. She really met a dummy. You know, our new lady like that kissy kissy stuff. And that was this week. You know, that was a kissy kissy kissy because then they're like, Yeah, you know, I'm saying I did not go for their image. Do you want to Q a M? Hello. How about get sure? How about it? Or do you want to try? I ain't never seen it first time. So I don't know. Would you watch it twice? Yeah, it's really good. Okay. You would have sounded like him? That's a good way. I'm hello. Hey, man. I'd be the first to congratulate you for 30 years of being on the radio. Thank you so much. That's quite a milestone. I mean, to do 30 years of anything much less radio. Especially at this time. And this heartless, hateful time. Well, my, my, my, my, my addition to the movie thing is I don't know why it's so damn stupid, but every time I'm channel surfing, it becomes on, I just have to watch it is that the national Ampune vacation with Chevy Chase. Okay. I'm sorry. I would agree with you. I watched that several times on TV. I would never go and buy it or anything, but you know, when it comes on, I watch it exactly. Okay. Thanks, Sally. Okay. Now, there's all series of those. What are we national Ampune vacation? What are we seeing? That's it. They gave it the first. Okay. Because I know the one he's talking about is very funny. It's hysterical. In fact, that was when Chevy Chase was funny. Remember the last day? It's on time ago. Yeah. Come to QAM. Hello. QAM. How are you? Great. There's a couple of things for the movie. I don't know if you have it. I just put a little part in doing very Glenn Roth. Yeah. I don't know if I can. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I was in the first. Yeah. I didn't watch that. Maybe not every day, but I could watch it a lot. Neil, I wouldn't think it was a hearing. Did you see the things you can use? So they can't wouldn't swear in and go, was that he might lie for them. They would have to drop a view to him. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The monsters are going to start taking the same, same or cramp. It is incredible. Neil, I know our question. Now, maybe you need like that. There is, my brother's got a Corvette like you do. And I know he's all those cars. I don't understand it. I don't understand it. I don't understand it. I don't understand it. You can afford them. Why do you like to? Always do they have a spare? Okay. There are a lot of things in life like that. I was going to have a spare just in case the first one crafts out. Thanks, Neil. Thank you very much. That didn't listen to you for eight years. You were just great. Yes, I am. Thanks, pal. Not you. Okay. But I'm sure our kissing kissy kissy that which is great. We like that between now and the first of March. The second of March you go like that. Yeah, or you can do it anyway. Ted Kennedy says, together again. There you go. All right. Together again. Sounds like there's a preem, so that's someday we'll be together again. These supreme. Oh, speaking of the supreme, how's that to Nazi Samiah? A leader don't. We got 1261 votes on a poll that we're going to be close to 1300 today without even a whimper without saying like, I actually shocked. I bet you I bet you downtown Allen Brown is swimming at the mouth and you want to know why? Because the headweight even Daniel can read it. The handwriting is on the ball. Remember Daniel and the lines that don't you remember the handwriting on the wall? Yeah, that was the young in the whale. The owner was in the hell of a whale. All these spirit deals, all these bubble mice is all as soon as and in the beginning God said, let there be light and let the be blight and let the be a tiny source all this other crap. Well, standing away from the old age and pretend Kennedy. There you go. You go. Ten. So what if that bitch drown who cares? What is your latest trade? You idiot. Whoever told you that you could work with men. What's your hired for? Just a help us. Does that seem clear to you to help us? To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living. You're company man. You're fairie. This is New Rogers. This is 5.62. The longest rejoined in his day broadcast in my song, Clarence, you idiot. What if problems are as decordes if I go like five seconds over ten, fifteen. It's less meat black and blue. I'm hurt so bad. I'm coughing up blood. Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes? I'm dying on the hill. No. Why this happens? I took the close to the head. They took all. They were laughing. They left me here for death. I've got an ass. What they had on drugs? Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes? I'm lying. He can hardly move. They took those baseball bets and swam on like they grew. I can ask the parents why they raised their kids this way. I've got a present time. They'll be the price they paid for them in jail with all those other funds. I was I beaten by teenagers with clothes. I was I beaten by teenagers with clothes. What's all it? Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes? Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes? I hate to kill her. You look like a glory hole.