Happy ripping happy ripping Uncle Neil take care everybody The music press on the previous programs are those of the host guests guys were ready Have a tizer spray We're ready that was the breath of the scale air Have we got a zero admin it's Friday you first Your Stat Williams arrived- tiur look out at moment sweet bathing Man I'mукore singin' All That's Resh N PartRSi 같 dich Got a Mermot of J musstiers But you neveromer a kstoner Cool pussy. Come c'mon! Ali & Th Musk I've been hurt like brother, I've got her name on her! Oh! You know, I've seen somebody's play that a season of fantastic lawsuit in my mind. I think I might sue Joyce. What a good idea. Yeah. I mean, she's the corporate attorney. She's corporate legal as they used to car. And I think I've got to sue that bitch because I've found out from very good. I'm very good authority that she hates me like boys and hates these girls. There's no more people who do everything in her power to throw a load blocks in our way. That's right. That's right. That was still kick-off. Well, it's nothing more than for you to fail. Really? Well, I'm just, you know, making stuff up as I go along. Good. Just in fellowship. We're going to sue your ass, Joyce. How do you like that? It's our lawsuit. Don't tell Duff about it because I go out in a Hall-Stard. No. No. No. No. No. Anyway, I'd say the one thing Joyce. I can't go ass. That's right. Anyway, it's a 10.02 or 5.60WQ. That was quite a show ahead of this one. I don't know what it was. I did a certain lecture. Those guys just came in and beat Spropton in to meet and seemed like a very nice guy. Yeah, they're good. I mean, I have nothing against them. I've heard, you know, he's okay. And Alex Marfez, I don't know who he is when he or people. I'll look for a little bit of what he or people. Oh, is he Joyce? Oh, I don't know if he can do that. They've done something. They'll be joining us at 11 with our Kentucky Derby preview that we've been doing the Derby tomorrow. For the 800th year in a row, it's Uncle Neil and Dave Johnson, two old, towed, old trolls, and he'll be along at 11. Maybe we can give you some more losers. I don't know. We've been doing it for years. Okay, before anything else, here's the bad news from Iraq. The good news was, I want to profusely allow, I shouldn't probably do it. Maybe we have nothing to do with it. It was just a co-inque dinky do-is to me, to Randy, would say. The hugs are even pro-side. In fact, I'm sure I'm sure it's now because about an hour after two o'clock in the show yesterday, my right ear just popped open wide. Yeah, right! And then this morning when I was talking to you very early, about 835ish. You have to open open, but now it's decided to take another rest. That's how it goes when the head stuff holds flu, whatever. They will burn in the clothes, they give it a little tease. And then finally they open wide, you know, kind of like a screw in. Anyway, here's the bad news from Iraq. A roadside bomb killed three US soldiers today, south of Baghdad. Two US soldiers also died yesterday in a roadside blast in south central Baghdad. And, uh, let's see, it's been a bad week. 11 American troops have died this week, all but one in hostile action. The number of US military deaths in the Iraq war stands at 2415. Watch the south park episode that finally got here yesterday, the one with the Oprah. Yeah, sorry, I built it up so on. You know, it's going to be all, oh, this is going to make that Tom Krueger. I didn't know that. I had one in the one. You didn't know. He said this was like my ass off. Nothing is better than that science holiday. No, that was the best. That's what I used to case told me. Anyway, you know, I never realized that Oprah had talking body part that they were British Faggotless. British, he's always working talk. Yeah, that's right. Foodie, her ass and her. Now, can we say the M word on the ear? Probably may be well. It doesn't mean anything. Don't say, men's, what is wrong with you? Can't say that. How that comedy show, more can men's. I think, I think Joyce is going to come after your ass is one I'm thinking. Yeah, well, my ass talks. Yeah, talking ass. Like most of our colors talking ass or just talking crap. Okay, the way to this event is, here's a facts from Kim and yesterday at the end of the show, I guess. From Phil and Pam at a band in Paris, you. Thank you so much for helping out a band in Paris. We again this year. We've been seeing, and I can't get a number. I know it's an embarrassing number. The whatever money we raise with a little about three, which was a bad idea. At least we got some money for them. Did we get a number or not? Maybe. Should I just give up on that? I mean, just let me know. I'll tell you what, give up on it. That'll be a surprise when we do get a number. Yeah. I'll tell you what, when it gives me the number, then I'll start signing all those, CD things, those covers. They say, if you saw how many he said, you was soon. It's a whole crap load full. That's why my girl's packaged with so ample. It says we've been volunteers at the show for more than eight years. The show does come such a long way in both amenities and the vast number of animals that have been saved because of people like you and the volunteers instead. Again, thank you for the bottom of our hearts. See this facts comes as a result of your bitch and about the fact they shined you with that banquet. And I taught you, yeah, absolutely. This is what I talked about it on the year. This doesn't change anything. I didn't say it did change anything. I'm just saying it comes on the heels of my outing it on the year. The fact that we weren't all like crazy about raise money for charities because traditionally, they don't, I'll say to the ones that were really very nice to us with Planned Parenthood. And let's face it. That's a national organization. They probably need our help to lease of any that we've worked for. You know, but they were very nice. Yes, they were. They were not by just tons of condoms and all kinds of stuff. Look, Rich. Right. Oh, see, and it obtained police report. I represented Patrick Kennedy's crash. It was just a Kennedy effin' way. We leave him alone. He was on, you know, sleeping. He was on medication. Suffer from depression. And he had a little bit of a car crash, you know. And I don't think he was even a chick who died in the car. So what's the baby with that? It just goes with the territory. It's the Kennedy curse. Oh, hypocrite. That's good for the fool. Okay. We know a lot of those. Mostly right wingers is matter of fact, hypocrites. You're a, they're, you know, filling the black. You're a, and of course, then turns out to there. Whatever they're saying, you know. Yeah. Lots of skeletons in the closet. Well, let's see what happened with Patrick. And which is almost a household word. Well, if she whine here, what, huh? Nagging. I will take that back. Remember I said there's no Jews on CNN. She's more of him. Who? Without realizing what they're doing. Oh, I don't know. She's real. No, you're a Julie. Yeah, like so let's take a look at some of the side. I'm going to be a legal legal in the, you know, he's taking ambient. But I'm going to tell you something. I'm getting drowsy and nothing like that. And telling all, uh, shoulder or neck, whatever that stuff I took. Then I'm getting drowsy. Facta. Um. Yeah. Anyway, let's get down to business here. I didn't hear any of that, uh, fantasy show this morning. But I'm glad I fulfilled a life-thong dream for her. Was that Alex who was saying that? Yeah, that's right. Now, what did you ever say about Alex? He said he looked like, uh, I was going to say that. Oh, when people were the fat. I thought you meant gay like that. No, I don't. I don't gay people. Sunsemel. You better get with it. Uh, guilty to the foreganes staff. And I didn't know. Did he have those numbers from two to four, man? You, the audience, you better strapping yourselves in. Buckle your seatbelt, okay? It's going to be a rocky landing. Wait, when you hear, uh, neither hour, neither hour cracking a one share. I'm just formally great radio station. And then, of course, the articles by Barry Jackass and Jim Sarny, who's just a fat old you know, he's a big fat old boofo told who's in love with the Evan Cohen and the 760, but in Palm Beach, which nobody listens to 760 Palm Beach ESPN radio. Nobody even knows where to held his under dial 760. I thought 760 was WJR Detroit. Home of JPM McCarthy. And the Tigers for a long time, maybe even still, I don't know. And don't care. But boy, boy, and beneath the article, have fathers to mention, this show has got big, you know, we have big everything is being relative, you know? The new scheme of things. And we actually got a number three bonus to get a little bit of money there. In fact, George is he's going out right after the show now going nuts. That's right. I'm going to get that tire retreaded that I was going to talk about. Why should Taco Bell yesterday got me my burritos of prings with no beans. They didn't tell you about the other part of it. I put, because the one was enough for my pasta, for my room for your pasta. So that was my lunch. And then last night for dinner, I just, I heated up the other one and just took a fork and the inner. There's nothing wrong with Taco Bell if you just eat the fillings of everything. If you eat the tacos and the burritos and the flour based stuff, that's all carbs, man. It's going to kill you. That's why those Mexicans are so chummy. By the way, happy single-demio, okay? Well, it's crazy, but should play the Mexican natural anthem? Yeah, we can do that. We'll beat on a panjada. Yeah. Come on, man. Yeah. We can play that in a minute. Here's the polisel for me yesterday. Yeah, I'm serious. I feel like I'm like Patrick Kennedy. I feel like I'm going to snooze off here, man. Really? That was why I'd have waited before to show when I was talking to him. Maybe it was Mike and Alex put me to sleep. I don't know. Matt Dogga, the polisel for the seven three-solid hours of gym managed today. A rarity, a real tweet. I'll be out there with him. And Josh is going to be out there too. Looking for the free food and the hot chicks. Especially the free food. Marlins on deck at seven. Marlins who are red hot, man. What did I take? I told you they found a team they could beat. Why? They swept the series, man. They swept the series. Of course, the short series. Yeah. Probably just as well. They beat the nats again right there in Washington. They were at St. Louis, I guess, today, this weekend. 735 tonight. Marble. No, wait a minute. Is that at St. Louis? No, that's here. Oh, that's why I figured it was 735. I don't know any place where they start bogging in 635. But I was a short road trip then, wasn't it? Yes, it was. Kind of a schedule was this. As they say in Japan, it's a buck-cocked. It's far climped. Anyway, they're home against the Cardinals this weekend. 970, but if I've been any came from Vegas again, follows Marlin baseball. Somebody please tune in at midnight. Okay, say you're alarm. If you go to bed early, I'll let it go. It's Friday. 6-year alarm and tune in at midnight. Just so we have somebody listening. Because according to Arbor Traum, we have nobody listening from midnight to lunch, clock and a morning. We have a, oh, point. Oh, oh. I'm going to go through these numbers hour by hour, and there's that graph again. There's the chart of the QMM rating. Okay, hour by hour. And there's that big thumb, a big middle finger, sticking up there in here, and that's in the middle of the day. And the rest of it, I've played the far-side, but choice of course would nail my ass big time for that. Rest of the day, you don't want to know, but you will. I'll lay it all on you. And then we get the waxier by ours. Do they suck or what? Do you guys, you guys over there trying to rationalize, and of course, do gods is quoted in that one article too. Wow, a lot. Or a new station. They're not a new station. They've been on luck for year and a half now, almost two years. New station, my ass. They're old news, man. They're old. They're the crep of their bad. And I have to break the news to you, guys. You got too many blame on here. That's your real problem. 10 to O'Rumschfeld got heckledist. They've seen this 4,000 times. You knew where they were. Raymond covered. Nice job. They're ready for mercy. But then just like Blackite's where you said you knew where they were. You're tallprinted, your back head. And North East south in west of there. Those are your words. In my words. It gave me five words. You were in the ainda. Wait, wait a minute, let'm say one second. Just a second. This is America. Yeah. Few people will trust, slaughter your applause is opposed to all of these cases they had in there. As usual. It was close crowd. Previously had exactly like Amy, uh... you know right wing uh... studios like the operarians uh... uh... uh... bunch of mingids moved i did yeah that's right the stepper wives are and fourteen and five sixty w two of them if you think you might have termites in your home man they're gonna bug the crap out in the first are two in your house to bits and then you're gonna have a real mess do the smart thing you call rid it pest control day for a free termite inspection rid it pest control uses in a as an amazing or drew i shouldn't take a nose pills i'm telling it the great and is rid it pest control uses an amazing or intro treatment that kills termites and the rex on a percent on contact they're gone faster than you can say gary sarner a trif over the holidays if you have termites it's the best possible way to get rid of them you don't have to tend to your house and when people see a house with tending on a man they they run for the hills because they know that it's just infested with crap don't have to worry about poisonous gas no moving out of staying in hotels for days or even weeks at a time to eliminate all that crap no worrying about food or pets in your health at rid it they treat your home with a amazing orange or you don't have to leave at all in fact when they're treating your property doing something left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days it's absolutely true if you have a termite problem this is the smartest thing to do call rid it pest control right now find out about this amazing orange or treatment they kill termites and their eggs a hundred percent on contact no tending no BS no games no moving out no motels no kidding call right now for a free no obligation inspection call rid it pest control let's towards our ID i.t. got it not rid it one eight hundred four four seven forty three forty eight I don't know if they do boofo toes but probably one eight hundred four four seven forty three forty eight be sure and time that Gary Sarner forty to call rid it pest control one eight hundred four four seven forty three forty eight four six is Neil Rogers this is five sixty two eight he's gonna get ready to blow we went to Mexico on a honeymoon oh did you battle test the relationship the food you wait each other up i really good love yeah yeah you don't know what to say you know it you're just lying there and it's like whoa he's not it I'm going to leave burn and time can eighteen judges are said about his big bonus that we didn't expect we were getting that from this last reading book he's going on by some burning tires at two o'clock that's right although it won't be burning when i buy it but i'll set fire to a twelve hundred eighty six votes in the pulled from your state but we apologize for our website being out last time no time to go and down that's why we're starting out with such a small number of days pulled could and we probably have some difficulty making a thousand we only got what five ten five fifteen five fifteen a QM here's the mad dog what country should be banned from exporting any more immigrants to the u.s.a QA for hundred fifty two that's bad may he cause you have been forty two none let him all in 167 let him all come in from anywhere we'll take care of eighty one sixty four i hate his poll 82 to make a line twenty five see not too many they love the Jamaicans run on those the Jamaicans always point out where we find a good machine man Canada twenty two those dang Canadians with a dim curling and crap nicaragua eighteen and Columbia fourteen we don't want to stop them even if it's just like the Jamaicans they got to good cram that seems to be it whoever got to good drugs those are the ones that you first want to come out she's oh no what happened still i just now i just go into the whole bunch of old stories uh i have a single and all this time there is a story about the guy with a single remember mention that right this is all old stuff here's the thing about uh L metro radio show on w nma no more audience i'm sure i'm sure i'm sure i'm sure okay that took care of that but do kukik and tucky oh when we hear today's poll first and then we'll take about four hundred calls then we got Dave Johnson 11 o'clock and we got guilty of two when you hear the numbers that this radio station put in there between two and four and this is in the wake of our new general manager uh bozo the clown saying oh wow we're not in any hurry to uh we get a permanent guy in here from two to four all the waste chains in a tune on that now because uh you know how much lower can we go than mow with that one share an area on well had ones two months in a row two transit row had a one between two and four well guess what did we do lower than one yeah yeah both ours is matter of fact in fact the three to four hours should be transmitter maintenance nice going joe man you are doing it kill a mess five hundred and twenty votes on the poll what one word is the worst thing you can call someone oh i see no joys words right there was my old joys should be on there yeah joys you joys you bitch i tell you one thing joys and be ready for this that's right just get ready i'm gonna sue your rice joys now that i found out that you're you know it's a personal thing and she's interfering with the show who who hey that that's it's unresceptable it's unprofessional it's unacceptables what it is joys we took of all we just decided you are unacceptable bitch what one more to work thing you can call somebody no joys words a whole one away now see that's as close as we come to a joys work can't say it but power ninety eight fag sixty seven slot forty five we've started thirty seven more on twenty five bitch twenty one cow seventeen schmuck seventeen cheap skate seventeen pig fifteen tub ten pansy spelled with a zia have no idea why if i didn't spell that way pansy ten puts ten to let's go with a zi true nine hypocrite eight nice job we're called a fact that in gross four slob three and geek one loving called a faddles facts law so you see it nothing wrong with that don't bother me five twenty four i don't think we got any shot at that thousand a and that's because the site was down we know why does Eric uh... any message or letter fact i don't think he's in the little chat room yet he's out of the room oh maybe that's why the site was down maybe he was busy eating Mexican out of hell secret in my home he went to talk about maybe he made a taco bell run maybe he was eating you know that was my first visit taco bell in quite some time and i was just amazed the ones here now they got like Kentucky fry on one side you know how they have a lot of these places where there's two different like a food joint side by each yeah dunk in donuts and bastard robins seem to be very big on that that's good like uh right yeah you go into the place and it's like two different fast food joints interlocked together did they have those here too by the way mean they have taco bell kfc's and taco bell pizza understand that that's what i just saying why you're suggesting it say Toronto thing is that we've tried to talk that's what you were trying to say no that's not what i was saying at all i was just saying i haven't been here in a long time i wasn't aware that the kernel was sticking his nose and then maybe the kernel was Mexican but anyway uh the thing i was going to say is that the menu at taco bell sure expanded a whole lot for it i got their all kinds of crap i mean it's all basically the same stuff but it's just it's like chef boy rd how many times are i told you that it's basically the same slot and then they put in different different holders you know we all those tacos and timitangas and whatever else timitanga what if what is a timitanga by the way it's like a burrito that's been deep fried really no oh that's that's instant cancer yeah you can be a youtuber you just walk right to the hospital while you're eating it's good idea and and bring them some two by the way they're in that hospital food all it didn't jello oh haha there's one thing i will never eat again to make my acid a box it's jello so it really made out of horses what they say i think it is yeah ground up horse hooves had to cook a Kentucky a teacher in western Kentucky has been suspended and will not have her contract with an after administrative stanoxia pardon and adult moving more than a decade ago oh my god turquid die the yee die as in a science teacher in volleyball coach at readland high school and peduca for the last two years was suspended when they told you would not return the classroom in the fall your presence in the classroom would cause a disruption to the educational process a cracking county school superintendent timelor wrote in a letter to die i fear there would be less than a serious approach to schooling by students who viewed the video or knew about it that doesn't say oh she was also a volleyball coach she was a battenin die said she suffers from by polar disorder and agreed to appear in 1995 flip because she had no home or income and her disease wasn't being treated she says she spent one day in LA filming the movie did not even use a real name i absolutely hundred percent regret doing that she said i'm totally i've always tried to look ahead not focus on it but i wasn't diagnosed at the time die later joined the army and certain military police unit for it was washed and before going to college becoming a teacher some parents such as body chill code of readland supported die chill code took her daughter nicklee general out of school to attend and prompt her rally it went day for the suspended teacher she's not the person she was ten years ago chill code said we've all done things we were great except hers is on tape you see them will be no Mary black and chip a mary attorney heard by the Kentucky education association represented die said the supernint this is maybe challenge well good and i bet if she shows the movie in class she'll get a lot more a sugar a hundred percent attendance in class right so i'm with that real role what's not to like uh 32 a.m. hello hey nil yes sir how you doing hey yeah the toggle bell in the cash he and piece under all my pepsica right that's right yeah so that's all in there hey how about a word for your your poll uh see when you want no i think what he's saying is see you next time is what he's trying to say don't don't don't look it no joys words okay don't you get it don't you understand it sir no joys words don't be tried that dancing around the edges of a the answers absolutely positively no a whole which is leading by the way i'm sure the other ones would do very very well the last thing we need is to put joys words on another we know that she's trying to sabotage to show and stand back and the meantime just out of spite we still beat you know something what not only we beat all the other day parts by a mile but there's only one other hour in a whole day that's got more than a three share and that's five to six p.m. and we're doing all five's in sixes following a one six at nine o'clock in the morning a one point six share you could have the transmitter turned off and still do about that and it midnight a oh point let's see oh ha ha ha ha ha this is a good one somebody fetched her please add me public into the poll and is good talk about a low blow that's about as low as you can go you damn republican there's no there's all the baggage if there's along with it like fascist piece of crap turned fanatic all of this stuff we public and it's good okay welcome back i'm going to go through the hour by hour and read every number on all pages i'll take us till about 12 30 they've johnson leveled our Kentucky Dury preview this is a new Roger this is five sixteen two eight six crazy over the mighty morph in power Rangers movie starring the hippian warriors who use their incredible morphing skills of white for justice but if you think it's too violent for your kids now there's an alternative a new movie of our engines who use peaceful means to solve their problems how well my the news is going to be toxic chemicals from the river don't worry little boy he'll pay for the cvd who are you i'm a power Ranger wow are you gonna use your incredible morphing powers stop them no violent action against my relation i'm a member of the Church of Latter Day Saints whether you are mighty morphed power Ranger no i'm a mighty Mormon power Ranger but you say pay for his evil things and so he will ha ha judgment day i mean you're not gonna do anything well i'm going to do something cool what i'm going to Salt Lake City and take another wife 20 is entry class presents a mighty Mormon power Rangers there's not much they can do about i've been news with they do know danyaz been personally a mighty Mormon power Ranger Kevin said to with the internet near you 10 31 a Q a i'm gonna win struck my turn the saf new in the file a 10 million dollar loss of against the West bitch all right that is correct can i get another sure you like a he's hydrida you get a piece okay before getting to those numbers i want to delve into them deeply you know i mean really deeply but gay human rights group outraged has an a accused wrecky police of executing a 14 year old boy and the aldeur district of Baghdad in early April af med kalial was accused of corrupting community including a scandal because he had sex with men af med was in fact a victim of poverty he sold his body to get money and food to help his impoverished family survive said aliyah hilly and ex-algae Iraqi who's in at least a first book'sman now for the London base outrage according to a neighbor who witnessed af med's execution from his bedroom window four uniform police officers arrived af med's house in a four-wheel drive police pickup truck the neighbor saw the police dog the police rather drag af med are the house and shoot him at point like range pumping tubulous in his head and several more bullets in the rest of his body make sure i missed your hilly is also coordinator of the Iraqi LGBT UK group consisting more than 30 30 it said i've heard him in Iraqi gay ex-als in the UK they're in contact with underground network of gay people and Baghdad other cities he was given details of off med's execution by a friend in Baghdad including jay a university graduate and professional who lives in the al der area who is spoken to eyewitnesses and off med's neighbors according to our contacts in Baghdad the Iraqi police have been heavily infiltrated by the sheer parliamentary bothered corps mister hilly said they're seeking to impose a fundamentalism around in the people of rake by the way it gets to be a level of clock j eyes pickup uh... the bad line and put a bad hole because we'll probably be either in a break or play in a bit or do you know from you know and pretend they know who it is the murder of off med follows a pattern of bother executions of suspected gays and lesbians in our rack bother are using their members in the police when forced the violent homophobia of sharia law vodders policies to murder gay people prostitutes unveiled women sellers and consumers of alcohol and people with silly sounding names like a riggas inspired by the she a spiritual leader grant ayatola al-e al-sistani al-e who was issued a death fatlaw against the lesbians in fact gays bother is kidnapping and executing people's suspected of homosexuality even young kids our gay contacts in Baghdad condemned these sexual exploitation of young people they're working out for us continued his pressure into prostitution by their improper circumstances mister hilly said i like that i don't well that's that's the kind of great government that we have to set up their an i rack this is why all these twenty four hundred fifteen america's have died for so we can uh... try to civilize a bunch of barbarians of course remember that thing in the fair and high and eleven chop chop square there yet a chop the guys hit off these are the kind of stone age people that you're paying four bucks a gallon for gas pretty soon and in Brooklyn they should this morning on the certainly not news network for twenty nine a gallon yeah for high test so that we can support these don't age lunatics these crazy people these good friends of the bush family band our bush and have been lawdon family all these great close personal friends of uh... the whole bush family the got to miss for her who there two days after nine labor there on a white house on a porch whining and dining and smoking and big fat still eased in real really can be dangerous offensive line a guarantee that was no grandma boon five hundred seventy five ohs on a poll out on the vertical set where they get to a thousand now that eric taga what they'll happen with our website last night oh yeah that is the fact that the incident you will hear uh... the server locked up just after the i s p closed for the day so it took a while to get someone to go back and reload the bias and reset the machine reload the bias that's right or you like that kind of me because when i was born i was cut on a bias really that's a lot of you and and so what time did we get to the and team back on here because i always have when i went to bed around eleven eleven some this last night that uh... we couldn't even get on our website and i didn't bother him i was going to bother fats are because i went and a roughening meals okay i'm asking i'm not way way out of the audience is is emotionally uh... mature enough to handle these numbers were not i can handle them i see that i see that chart that graph that shows the uh... twenty four hours of the day and starts there midnight when we have a oh point zero we have average average person's average quarter all we have nobody listening and midnight zero nobody in other words not just a few not even across the street they got what they got what is everything they got uh... well you got a hundred point four so after midnight this forced uh... talk people are all your schloffin or something they're all gone man maybe they're at the sports bars you know the sports bars without microphones maybe they're there maybe they're just all hanging out together or yeah maybe they just all taken a shower together before they go to bed i don't know what to do but to fact is that for midnight to one o'clock in the morning is to win the in the winter reading book there are no sports nerds at midnight as a matter of fact from what it let's see one to five in the morning because the overnight is rid of the lump when we kick the rash there with forty news radio no less we got a two two it's one of our better hours a two two man and it looks lovely two and across the street they got a one five we got three hundred people as they got two hundred between one or five in a morning and then the big oh has one good hour in the after that oh wait to wait to hear these you are you people are going to be this is going to be the talk of the town all weekend long it's going to be a scandal and i realize that there were some ethic uh... waiting in some uh... bizarre things in the coast to number one and midday and man all these other bizarre this is the strangest reading book but that having been said and we will get to various common where no joe bill makes a lot of excuses uh... ha ha ha ha ha ha a barrier like me what do you say uh... buried at rhymes with you fairies but nevertheless oh my goodness service was in the this morning he admitted that the we suck he said boy my embarrassed to be a part of this piece of crap i said you know what clarins that's the most honestly you've ever said and thanks for making sure my checks show up on time and make sure another we found out that we got our third place bonus we're number three damn it yeah we'll take it yeah yeah you know something the way things we're going with this regime three yeah i think like that basically done all beautifully done brilliantly done if i say so i'm noting off not from the show but from the uh... don't ever let me do that again stop popping up and there's a very effective though they're very good maybe i'll get hooked on like what's his name on the gusts on the dining light but that's your so that really kind of pills for a talk of all day and why doesn't somebody kick uh... lizy in the uh... now say that m word now and some of just kick the crap out her all the time so tired these uh... plotting uh... evil uh... playing games of course that's women you know you heard better no most women are always game playing games and plotting evil things how they can screw up your life can like choice that's right kind of what choice is doing a me yeah how can she how can she hurt this show you see she's not doing all these things and making all these prohibitions because the FCC requires it because our licenses would be in jeopardy if we said anything on here you know she's doing it just to try to stick it to me and of course we don't even have a anybody imagine it'll stand up for that bit that's the problem oh yes choice oh yes yes so whatever you say sir and they do call her sir and rightfully so great what i hear like she's sir but no because you've got a beard and a must-have twenty to eleven a qm day down to eleven clock we would not spend a whole lot of time on the derby because let's face it i mean anybody in the audience care about horse racing not talking uh... curling not golf not how much she has not got those he's nice night eliminated the bull's man right there in uh... chicago kick their ass always at one thirty ninety eight of a little something like that you have something like that marla's one of your last day all heart we've blessed to be here in south for a few guys uh... are we blessed down here gym i'm not really sure which was the best call of all time that one are we blessed to be in uh... gym that was ever big you and and often when i'm saying we can which of course never happened again and then that's almost as good as thank you mr president for those low gas prices i'm not we're not sure which we do how to take a vote on that right for the best call of all time twenty to eleven a clock all you will horse racing fans and poker players poppo park racing and poker's got just a gambling action you be looking for and also is going to be featuring some of casting of the Kentucky derby tomorrow you don't have to waste any extra gas and revenue for the need to have to order watching wager on the run for the roses pomp and a park will feature early birdway during on the derby today starting at noon and then tomorrow seven eight main number six you can watch and wager on the dirt plus the last two races from church hold down i sure hope my photography is on i didn't call them at their anymore thank god for the lead for the lead he is so bad company part of the crowd is a room of the winter the first leg of the triple crown poppeter park will also have free pass performance pages for the Kentucky derby field look at it just a half mile for both on ninety five matern five pompart of bark is easy to get to invest of all they offer you free admission and free general parking every day what's not to like free live harness racing in the great small free poker room was open every Wednesday friday and saturday like this week in poker starts at noon it was until midnight and live racing is underway nightly at seven twenty five him Bruce Ranger is number two with u rds uh... ds rs in the country next one brucey that's just i mentioned that he very unsung hero man he is a sensational i mean he had no brand and given the clinic in who is also the miss out on dollar night Wednesdays that's when draft year so to stop talks and more just a bucket piece starting at six p.m. he's no brand creamer either so don't forget to come out Saturday may six tomorrow to watch and plunge your lungs on the Kentucky derby brother derby in front by five top of the park a black stuff at land of gold right in the park line road for the curracing schedule call nine five four nine seven two thousand run the wicked webbits pop at all park dot com this is meal runners this is five sixty two eight meals pull up that's it i didn't think my little guy was ever going to come just like make all the rise first word your mother's success well i make that mama feeds it right stay straight then a second word second word i guess that's the word he probably heard most is third word i was kind of hoping it would be that all right but it wasn't it's not like you will yeah but actually turned out with McDonald's you guys go to McDonald's mom and he's now you want to go there let i say like mom of six landmark me you know come on that has go to hearty's new monster fake burger with four strips of bacon three slices of cheese and two thirds of a pound of human flesh because McDonald's is great when you're satisfied a lot of kindness the government is registered for a market with Donald's cooperates ten forty six a few of my one part of that reminds me that nit-bitty scene where he saying you've missed with the primal forces of man mr. bill and you will repent but that's he yes the many sits down and the action ghost like look on how a bill's face and that bitty says the Americans really missed a beat uh... and will be so great and Josh is trying to tell us that it's sucks and put them to sleep you're just i just don't get it i do not get it i mean if you didn't tell me that uh... this will be the even of watch this weekend George if that puts you to sleep the last years the last days what's that called last days last days of uh... curcobane it will make you want to blow your brains up is horror acceptable somebody fax is in horror is sensational i think horror is fine with wrongly or you horror depends on other literature and slut and that affect i think we got that one drop in that covers most of it where it how does it uh... oh yeah you get you thought you were there you go and those are all three of mine are now people who are on right right here's how's how we're doing it so far six thirteen oh joys words but what other one word is the worst thing you can call somebody a whole one twenty seven uh... coward one oh three that's a whole joys i don't want to say ask coward one oh three fang seventy two slut fifty two slut retarded forty two and we're not talking about medley retired we're talking about we know everybody knows we're ready retarded like most of ourselves figured in our man's literally moan twenty eight there's nothing worse than a mo do do do do do do do do do run you've heard a run and run that's a good idea about run ideas in the moment okay for the moron show twenty eight for moron republican is moving up there real fast twenty seven with this comedy liberal pincco crowd we got bitch twenty three schmuck twenty hmuck hypocritic nineteen chiefscape nineteen i guess schmuck would be like the male kind of partermange cow eighteen pig fifteen puts it eleven tub ten what a tub tanzi with a zia why do we have tanzi with a zee will we get the differentiator from panzi like the flower uh... panzi spell with an s-eracle can jash can't correct yon etso and this is an eric thing what he's under lot of stress because the server uh... went out at eleven thirty eight he tells me oh troll ten gross four slob three geek one and horses went on here six hundred eighteen and i guess uh... oh air says that uh... feel free to call him when you notice something like that happening man i'm going to call you the lady it was a drunken boy don't want to call i don't want to hear well now air kiss rate he's always when he hears it to be on a phone is always very receptive and pretend he's happy here for me you know because you know when i call this and kind of a problem is all jesus here we go again you know so i think we'd like to find code you at home tell what the hell is he one what's your man one must be something big i mean how many times do i call you at home and all these years like five i think you're i think that's a little over the top i don't think that many anyway i guess let's do very jackass's conference Jim starry i wouldn't waste your time with his company the other uh... and you know something what remember what i told you about the sunset and the west side being screwed up not only can't i get any of the i can get finally get the page to come up the front page okay but then when you click on the story the story won't come on air or if you like and then if i if i do a search for like sir Jim starry i can get the page that's got his story such as they are but then if i try to click on one it won't it won't open up and i can't print them out so then when i had you print a couple out right including that one about the school teacher and uh... i don't know the one about the girl i want to sing the antipersong would get to that but anyway uh... the print every you know i'm sure you're paying that story from the sent down before it it doesn't even look like sent a little uh... print type you know i mean right so there there having some very serious issues over there and i don't care what your actually trying to tell me about how remember that the other day he's telling me well i get a right here yeah yeah good luck to you trying to say it was me it was a new rager's issue you're always feeding that a try to blend it off on my beautiful little studio it like here i just took on to it some sent a little there's the header of the page and the rest of its blank and i know if i wait and i wait and i wait you know after a long time the rest of the front page on air will finally come up but you know i think i'll do this thing here and then what maybe when i go back when i'm done with burry uh... maybe the rest of the page will be there and maybe not so you people have to say should it hold that to Alex and uh... what's his name mike birdie and when they left from a sentinel and they would they would go and hide uh... what i did it just popped up there just came all the high to like that no i hope it's just slow now i clicked on a story but if you click the stem the story to go try to get the whole story like the principal bar scrolls bring student from singing anti bush song and talent show and you click on it now ordinarily like all the other websites are still working just fine and the sentinel used to be just fine you know the story opens up and you can read it or print it out or scream about it or whatever you want to all hushes and i don't know you have the first shark by victim of the year who whatever happened with those uh... that's shooting executives do we ever heard more about that or is that just to kill some time to kill some people so i've clicked on this and what's going to happen will be a little you give you the uh... it didn't work thing you know this page can't be opened and uh... yeah there it is this page cannot be displayed this is i said it got i am i'm a sharp as a mossa ball man i'm good i read just ask man good anyway reading his drop hits both w qm and seven ninety the ticket rights bury the fairy hey bury you fair and guess what bury i think you have yeah that too you you're you're puzzling you put you little quizzing he you know he he uh... he used to call his calm the couch potato which is an insult to potatoes even the people in i'd have hard pretty pissed off about that but tomorrow think about it he's the definitive couch potato he's a lump he's a walking swapping lump but non he still makes those peanut butter in the baloney sandwiches every day for bury kind of sixty euros the winner ready to book his out very right and w you can i see this is the first we found out about some of the stuff until finally parents came in there gave us this stuff we're supposed to have yesterday but the fact that the fact that we uh... you know dragged it off till today it's good because it kills a good time right the winner ratings book is out and w qm can still most of the leader were twenty months old seven ninety the tickets and total is almost two years now twenty month but neither radio stations are all party the fact is the january through march numbers were down overall for both five sixty and seven ninety the ratings book that was skewed toward his fan extations no pia de pania kia kiam sorry it was a disappointing book for us but all the angle a.m. stations took a drop w qm general manager jowbell said but you talk about rationalizing is beating seven ninety any solace i'm worried about the stations above me but not the ones below me bell said uh ha ha but seriously we're winning winning pretty handling all the money day parts winning what well what what does that mean we're winning pretty handling all the money day parts like six a.m. to seven p winning is compared to across the street but that's why saying you know you got the better breath than uh somebody who lives in a uh dumpster john stubots weiner and boys he ever general manager of seven ninety the ticket yeah i read that and i just i can't read it with a straight post you know it's a silly maybe like saying Robert Greifer general manager of w qm it's a silly stuff responded by noting w qm has dropped in the ratings since we entered this market we're still ahead of where we thought we're going to flex away lat because we're relatively new station no you're not your old news and you've tried everything out of the senate including red coat tax and dandelive bastard pumping up phony poles and phony articles and the newspapers and get on tv there with Jimmy syphilis and he still haven't got any audience okay then it says munching on numbers which is sure a lot more advertising than munching on peanut butter and ballooning was very son of set it's good though it's kosher did you notice that he was in there this morning talking to me about that account and he actually this man is obsessed he's so Jewish it's just sitting he was talking about how he eats uh he won't eat butter on the uh stake with a butter hill at the market because market isn't it's not uh dairy that dairy that's not for a comment so otherwise it's not trade milky can play shiok yeah i guess what Gary sarnas been eating trapeze been eating bacon double cheeseburg is okay trapeze and you're going to burn in hell Gary on weekdays w qm had a 2.6 year among men 25 to 54 the key demographic for sports talk radio listeners that ranked 16th in the market 16 what kind of a bonus would you for that 790 was 22nd with a 1.7 and October 37 remains 2.340 and so on I did a 2.2 course that was during the adoptings WDQM dominated near Rogers times slot and that's all he says about it and of course sorry don't even mention mid days like well that's not a sports show but they're doing one over there once you talk about their 1.8 huh sarni you tub a crap and also few am one in morning and afternoon drive in the mail 24 55 54 from 7 to 10 a.m. hey go over you had a 2.1 year a 2.1 oh my god where are you mow compared to 0.7 from 4 to 17 Jim had to say 3.1 sure of course that's following 2 hours a bit air compared to a 1 9 for Dan LeBastard and Weener WDQM also one from 5 to 7 a with Orlando Elzacuaries 3.2 WDQM the 4th 1.6 rock solid in the key mail demographic here you go this is so choice in the key mail demographic group 790 to take it one in 2 slots 2 to 4 p.m. and 7 p.m. the midnight QM's audience in the afternoon slot has eroded since our David departure on January 13 as if he had one shares there to eroded since then he had a very such a such a suck up you such a fool you're so pathetic 790's boot shopby in syra fill in host had a 1.35 share between see 1.35 9 1.35 is that a put the 100 sign there with nobody does between 2 and 4 p.m compared to a 0.7 for alternating host on QM from 7 to midnight 790 had a 2 1 and QM had a 0.7 we're doing numbers that start with oh not a good sign this is feels virtual道 You're not here for getting more time told you to do it. You heard it. Come in. Okay. I know you only should be quiet. Uh-uh! I'm just worried. I can't shut up! Uh-uh! Uh-uh! Uh-uh! Uh-uh! Shut up! Uh-uh! Shut up! I just wanted to do this. Uh-uh! I can't shut up! Uh-uh! Uh-uh! Uh-uh! Uh-uh! She's being the out of this world that Katie made. She's something else. I'm under she's got the emitter hooked up to her thing. What is this? She's got her in 50 to it. Don't be using that word. I'm telling you, Joyce is going to start coming after your ass because you're associated with this show. As you learn it, you get to follow. You get to spill over and then you'll be going after your Josh pretty soon. Uh-uh! Uh-uh! Oh, yeah. She's going to have people stalking you pretty soon because she's out to do anything that destroy the emid-day to the Neal Rogers show. And I'm on the U-Joyce. Okay. I got that from very excellent authority. $500 million a lawsuit coming up against your ass, Joyce pitch. And I don't know what you've had, but- I think you're ass. I bet on top of it. Okay. Now, I don't see-and this is very unusual. Do this happen last year. I'm trying to think of the idea that it happened. I don't know. Let me just make sure that line is working real quick. Yeah, it's working. Okay. Because the bat-like, because they was usually like the atomic clock. I mean, you could set your life by, you know, right when the big hand it's a little hand. If he says he's going to call the level of the clock, he's there, you know? So maybe something happened there. Maybe he's busy punching his guts out on it. Really, way doing for tomorrow. Who to hell knows? He doesn't call in this segment I'll call him. Well, you got to number? What do you mean in this segment? Well, what's all this happening? I didn't call him right there. You told me to. You want? I will. You want to do that? Because I got all my Derby stuff. Nothing I know anything about it. All I did read the past performance charts for a couple of horses. I don't mind doing a lot of homework, because he's supposed to be the expert. What's the point of us having Dave on the ear if I know anything? I know nothing. Brother Derby, I'm begging for all of you. Oh, there was right now. I was just saying that, well, that Dave Johnson is sure very timely, man. That's what I was saying. I can do it. Pretty good. David, what's going on there? Ah, so, what wonderful weather it isn't Louisville. It is just spectacular. Just like Toronto, man. Is that where you are? Yes. Well, what the hell does that mean? That was bad. It was a shot. It's sunny going to be around 65 to 70. What's wrong with that? Listen, there's nothing wrong with it. I never know where you were. You're an Amsterdam or Miami or Toronto. I know, but you never show up at a racetrack. I spread it around that. That is incorrect. I mean, it would bind touching my guts out on the slots two, three times a week, man. Well, that's good. I haven't had any luck or you're doing good for Neil. Not too bad, as a matter of fact. Great. Not too good. I mean, I'm losing my ass, but only half. It only like a quarter of a cheek, so not too bad. So the weather is good for him. How's it looking for a fast track, Dave? Hey, yeah. It's supposed to be just spectacular. So we have a fast track and that's good because it'll be a fair race for everything. Right. Well, see now, but you say that, but you know, as well as I, we've discussed this many times in the 100 years that we've been doing these phone things. The Derby really isn't the fair race because you've got such a big field. There's plenty again. Are there any scratches? No scratches. Okay. Right now. So you know, you're right. That's too many horses. But what are you going to do? Yeah. It's like those British races. Those steeple-tastes races you and I've talked about. We're like, Dave, at the end of the race, they destroyed two or three horses. It's just a little bit too much for me. As a matter of fact, there's a that is the grand national. They better sell many will finish. Yeah. That's right. That's what I'm talking about. That kind of crap. Well, anyway, it's like it's insane. And that's why when you get out of the pre-nosed end of Belmont because the Belmont sometime you only have five or six starters, then it's a real test because then post-position doesn't make a lot of difference. Because there are so many people that just want to run in the Derby. You know, there was a horse that was on the top of the 20 list that died about a week ago. Right. That's correct. I think it was called with a city or something with it. Right. Speculation. We were thinking the other night at dinner. If those people really wanted that free box, they could have entered the dead horse. I got news for like I said, the hang day that it wouldn't be the first horse to die on the stretch. I'll get into that. Most of mine usually do. Thank you. Thank you. I did the Derby draw. He is such a good. I love work. He really is. He's a piece of work. That is for sure. That's true. Of course in this world, there's only room for one hang. But that's the number. Anyway, speaking of bad post-position, I'm going to give him my three picks. I'm going to not be around the bush. And I know nothing about it. You know, I'm a harness racing man. In fact, I remember you on, you and Stan Burstie. And I'm racing from Yonkers and Roosevelt. Is that why I hold I am 100. You know, really show us. Stan is still around. I thought you would. And he bail him all the time. Yeah. He may be the nicest man on the face of the plan. He's just such a great guy. You are absolutely and and and boy was he ahead of the curve in terms of betting on the computer and what the cybercasting was going to do. He is a visionary. A lot of people don't know that you called harness racing at the middlelands. Was that when they first opened? Um, I you know, I I get call harness racing there back in the 70s. Yeah. But I wasn't I wasn't the prime announcer. I just filled in when you know when somebody took a night off or whatever. I like harness. I called harness racing in the 60s at Sarah Park. Oh, my god. You're old. I was watching. I was watching on the my racing channel here to show from woodbind a few days ago. And they have a segment. I think it's on Sundays where people call and request the replay of their favorite race from years ago. And you were calling the race. It was from like, I don't know, 78 or 87. I don't remember the horse, but it was one of the big big races. It, uh, I don't know where the hell it was in. In fact, I seem to be flying pastures in that race. Oh, that was a thoroughbred race. She would be right. No, no, no. He's not harness racing. Well, flying pastures in spectacular bid ran against each other. It's Santa need a Santa need a derby. And, um, and if that was, that was a great rival route there. Those two horses. Yeah. And then, of course, spectacular bid had a lot of Ronnie Franklin. It was thought they were going to have a mile in. That was very sad. But we can't go back, you know. Anyway, here's my three pictures. My trifecta box. Now the post position and the, uh, wage re-numbers are going to be the same. Are they? Oh, yeah. They are the same. Oh, the decision and program are followed. Okay. Thank God for that. 717 and 18. Bob and John with Gary Gomez. It's Bob Baffardor's. Yeah. But not on top. That's for third. For second, I'm going with lawyer Ron. Who, and I don't know who John McKee is. I know my Jackie's pretty good. I don't know who that is. John is a 24 year old guy who is doing, who is one of the writing title at the church and he's already a real success story. His father was a jock. He David McKee and John weighs 95 pounds and is 4 foot 10. Right. And he says, he says, I don't have any trouble dieting. I can eat and drink anything. I want. I don't have plenty of energy. Very good. He doesn't have any trouble making a way. I'm pretty sure I'm on second. I believe his undefeated. Does he? Um, no, I think he's been defeated. But, uh, once before you, before you have slowly make it official, I heard this warning that OJ Simpson picked lawyer Ron. I said for second. No, no comment. I have used that with that. I'm going to start Howard Cossill's story as if you're there with that. No, I mean, I can't imagine and I shouldn't have even brought it up. But, uh, but if I could help care, school OJ Simpson once, I wish that, you know, that I would have been there. I would have said, he needs a lawyer because he killed Ron Goldman. Well, boy, you sure got a feather up here somewhere tonight. And to win it, I'm picking brother Derek and I know he's in post 18, which is tough, but I love Alex Solice. I looked at the chart. I actually did do my homework on that when I looked at the past performance shirts. And, and, and, and, he'll hang talk about him getting caught up in the speed. He's got to, he's got to leave out of there pretty good from the outside. But you know, he can come from off the pace. I look at his chart. He doesn't always have to barely leave. Yeah, um, boy, it's a tough field. Yeah, honestly, uh, I'm, I'll take three horses. I'll make it easy. I'll take the three, the three bat for horses. I think he's going to win it again. And I keep switching from day to day, whether it's going to be sinister minister or Bob and John, or probably if I had to make a number one pick it would be pointy term. But really, I think effort's going to win it. With Rafael Beherano is a hot jockey. He's very good. Very good. Well, I'll be damned. Now, let me just ask you this. I see Steve having to ask me some of the trainers got two horses in there. I've got a storm treasure and the private volumetric which are well, the private vows got a shot. But I said, I'm just going to ask you to hang the other morning. How Steve asked me, so this really must be related to cash as well as the right. It's a very unusual name. I think he is his older brother. Uh-huh. And, uh, you know, I got to, I got to tell you this quick, uh, personal story. Uh, I went down to do the all American Futurty Quarter Horse Race in 1977. It really goes to down. And I was introduced to this wonderful family. Marilyn was the trainer of the horses. Keith was the jockey. That's, that's the father and mother of Stephen Cash Asked me. And they, those kids grew up at the racetrack and they had the nicest family. And I mean, it was absolutely, you know, it was hard-warming to see what kind of really wonderful role there was there. And, uh, I'm a huge fan of, of their mother and father, Keith and Marilyn Asked me. And of course the kids are made of $1 million. So they're taking care of their mom and dad, which is good. Well, speaking about those old racing shows, you know, back when Frank Wright used to the late Frank Wright used to these shows on the Thurbrids. Yeah. And I remember the interviews with Steve Cough and and Cash Asked me some of the, they were both highs of pistol in New York. Yeah. Obviously both wound up leaving and Steve Cough, them went off to ride an England. And Cash went off to ride in France and both of the extremely well there. And when I bought my, when I had my satellite vision and to them, I remember them showing races with the, the two of them riding. And they were like, well, I think, well, I'm going to go to the old school. He got a lot of stuff. And I was like, you know, you know, Steve is back here in Kentucky. He's, he stopped riding and he has a family, you see his three, three girls now and he runs of a farm just outside of like things up. And speaking of those, you and I've talked about this before about the French Trotting under saddle races that I saw. If anybody isn't at the press mood, I have to do is take a look at that and you'll just see what I did. And I believe that that's got to be one of the most bizarre looking things. The Jockeys don't carry a whip. And the horses are trotting and the Jockeys are bouncing up and down and like trying to urge the horses on. It's a very funny thing to watch. It is. That then sends a, they do that. I don't know where, well, I've actually only placed a student in person, but, yeah, it's almost like they're getting ready to race, but they're really racing. Like they're warming up. When I had that satellite dish, boy, I saw racing from all over the, the Italian racing board. They go nuts over that, nearly two. And we go blind. What was the great, uh, for when? The great Italian champion, a couple of years ago? Yes. For people really go nuts. It's a real nationalistic thing that I'm over there. For anyone at the middlelands. He came over for, for big races to middle. And then he got beat in, they had, uh, Montreal, Jackie Moe took his horse and ran for any of the ground. He got him both beat. I saw that race on TV was pretty depressing. You know, who's your favorite driver? You know, uh, in the game all time. Well, I see I would give you a name and you wouldn't know who it was because his name was Francis O'Herry was 72 years old and Detroit. And I have one so much money on this old man. He didn't drive a lot on his own horses. Where was the RCR? He wasn't there. He RC and Hazel Park in Northfield, down to Man. This first old man, he was sensational. Probably nobody ever, he was from Flushing, Michigan and boy. He died seven years ago, but he was just great. He went to the Italian, Brian series is the greatest, anybody argues with me on this. I, I wouldn't even listen to him. Brian series right now. And of course, his dad, Jay Sears, uh, would never much of a driver, but a good horseman at Pompano Park. And then, of course, the grandfather, uh, Jean Sears, right in the Hall of Fame. grandfather was roll buck. Jean Sears. Come on. Don't start with a series in roll buck. You know, Jean Sears, come on. You hit a little hardest racing like you. I do. No, no, I, I've heard of them. I don't know them, but I did. I do. And I'm going to take a Brian who just, I don't know, he was at the meadow several years and he just beat the pants off of Dave Palo near. Who, of course, it is good as they come and many went on the meadow lands. He just, he's, I just looked it up before the show's a matter of fact, because I look at up there every day. I look up the driver's standing. Yeah. He's already got $3.2 million in earnings for the year, and it's only like the middle of May. The, the, the, the results every morning, uh, from meadow and he seems to win two or three every night. He, he's phenomenal. He, he's the best in the world. And just, uh, just a super guy, too. It was not that we put the audience in a coma with all the racing stuff. Because as you, as you know, in South Florida is a very limited, it's early bird dinners and free stuff. That's what they're still interested. And after all these years. Have a goal called of have a great call tomorrow. Thank you. And I'll talk to you before the, but your number one pick is Bob and John. No, no. That's number three. I'm going with brother Darryr. Lawyer runs second and Bob and John third. Okay. And I'll take, um, pointy term and against the brother Derek for our, uh, our horse to horse Okay. Thanks, David. See you in a couple weeks. Talk to you for the break this fight. Thank you. Bye bye. There you go. Dave Johnson, what we should win a little bit along with that was okay. And of course, I'm sure the audience say, what were they talking about? What is all this with Francis over here? Who? Exactly. You know, something your life is too limited. Man, you got to expand your horizon. Of course, if you had the money to bet on horses, then we'd be different story, which you don't. They pay all these in ways. I picked Barbara, just for fun. Yeah, there were Barbara's got to help us shop. Barbara's a good horse. I didn't get it. He picks his nose. I want to take a good name. Give me a good name. Sinister, minister. Yeah. That's what I asked good. Sinister minister was a great, uh, trained by Bob Barry. That's one of the ones they picked and Victor Espinoza named after the Pope. The sinister minister, they Nazi Pope. Okay. What how was Dave knocking there? He was ripping the hell out of somebody. Who was it? Okay. OJ. Yeah. That was choice. Nice going Dave. Always like that Dave Johnson always hated OJ like poison. 11. 15 already a QAM. I think I can go home now. I'm just about everybody in South Florida loves voting. Most people are a little bit nervous about buying a vote and with many good reasons. If you ever thought about buying a vote, you better stop and call our friends at Club Noticle instead at 1-800-BOT rent right now because it makes a lot more sense to rent because all the way around you wind up winning. Why pay the expenses of owning a vote when you can rent one totally hassle free? Uh, join the club Club Noticle. Call 1-800-BOT rent. You'll be amazed just how easy it is for you. They're no docking costs to pay. No expensive upkeep. No insurance. Certainly, no hurricane preparation. And when you rent a vote from Club Noticle, it's totally stress free and really affordable too. Call 1-800-BOT rent. No getting the vote ready? Club Noticle does it for you. And no cleaning up either. And Club Noticle just tap on your vote and go. When you've done putting the dock it off and leave it's that simple. Club Noticle call 1-800-BOT rent. From unlimited voting, the pays you go small votes to the actors. It's Club Noticle. Call 1-800-BOT rent and let Club Noticle tailor plan to fit your needs and budget. 1-800-BOT rent. Call and the Club Noticle get on the water today. 1-800-BOT rent. This is a new Roger. This is 5-6-2-8. It's Friday. You first all right. 1-800-BOT rent. The party, the party, the party. Oh, the party Jones. You lost the rest of your company unknown. The coup factory, the finest man in both, the party Jones. Can't believe that you took that deal. Now I'm broke, the party Jones. When you get the money, you're all alone. Oh, when you're not tripled, proud, put all my money down. You're going to get your money down. 11.19 at 5.60, we're less the only horse racing, but we got so I figured we were very timely wouldn't. Indeed. They kind of fit right in. Since 190 votes in there, I think we may have a outside shot at 700. I don't know. We had some downtime on there, and that kind of kept us at held us back. We had some real issues with that website, so as to resolve, we had like probably 40,000 people about it a vote on there, couldn't do it. Okay, here's the facts, it says. Last, and we'll get to those numbers here at a minute, but I'm killing some really good time with this. This is a good, nice teasing. Is it, I'm milking it, man. Talking about Oprah. What a cow. Do we, we got cow on our pool, right? Cow? Yeah, cow is, yeah, 18. How now? Brown cow. Oh, that was bad. That's not what a racial thing to me. Last night, it says, I listened to W.C.M. for the Marlins game. Or you went to one. Haha, well, somebody's got to. My question is, the person as the baseball game is at the same person as the hockey game for the Panthers, it's here to sound like the same voice, thanks, K.L., or K.L., whatever the T.C. I wonder how Kary, Harry K.C. is doing. Dude, what? Yeah, we know what he's doing. I'm sure this person must be talking about guilty and raxi. They both have that same kind of raxi. Why, so he's certainly not they've been boring, because Dave, the one thing I will say about him, he's got a great voice. He doesn't, he doesn't have that squeaky here. He's got a great, he doesn't have any idea how to use it, and somebody needs to give him some wake-up call, but he's got a great voice. Even Josh would agree with that. Definitely. Yeah, just has no clue how to broadcast the escorting event to boring. But, uh, Gelldy and Raxi are like, they're doing it. By saying, I think it's the same person. I wonder, is Raxi looking for it? Does he look at all like Gelldy, you know, with that beat? No, he actually, he really looks like a young kid. Well, what does that mean? He looks like he's trying to get his sounds like him. You know, young kids generally maybe is one nut didn't drop yet. He was like, you know, he's all new, I think he's like my age. Oh. So, in other words, you're trying to say he's not a bad looking guy. I don't know how you got that. What I just said is, by the way. Yeah. Oh, man, you are so easy. It's not even a challenge, you know? It was, it just very sad. Like, you're the one that said it not me, but I don't know what that really looks like. No, to my care when you come right down to it. Because I'm never going to see him anyway. I'm never going to see any of you guys again. Ever. You know, when we have our last show, it's not going to be like, he's going to be a big reunion. We're all going to meet you know, for a night. That's not going to get your picture here in the studio. Yeah, you got to picture in quite frankly, I look better now. They didn't have picture. I got better glasses and I got the nice short do, you know? You saw your pictures in that new times article. What was that? But the buzz. Oh, really? In fact, I might actually cut my hair on the ear. Although I don't think I needed two nice ago. I'm going to about like every three days. Keep it nice and short and comfortable. Especially now, it's getting above five degrees outside. They sound a little bit negative. In fact, that told him I was in Toronto. He seemed like, you know, I don't know what that was all about. Because he's already admitted that he was at, did some races at Woodbind a hundred years ago. Yeah, it's 50 years. I'll rate. It's going to be at 66 today. It's not too bad. I'll settle for that. Yesterday was 73. Man, it was toasty. See, if I never got, if I never get what, if I never get what I'm doing, I'll be at the same time. I'll admit that when it gets like in July and August, we have some days where it's like in the 80s and maybe close to 90. And it's small. That's the one thing you get in in desk or in large cities of north. That when it's real hot in the summer, like in Chicago, gets that small, easy, foggy kind of thing. Pretty good. And the air quality is in the minus column. Stuff like that. WCOM. Hello. George takes first. Okay, come on. We say. I just got one for you. I wonder what he looks like. Now, have you seen that? I'm sure of it. Are that you do? Yeah. The white shirt. You can go over the part of it. Big fat, dorky. Looking tub with food on his shirt. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Oh no. That sounded a little bit. If I didn't know better, I think you were talking about fat rich. Rest in peace. Don't think about fat rich, man. You always knew what he had for dinner or lunch, because he always wore it. They're expressing about wearing it. I knew she was wearing it on the front of his shirt. Just he looked at you. What was that? I remember the time we did that appearance of that cigar. No, actually, we're going to dinner. I believe it was that place where guilty. We do in the spots, which is why they're out of business now. That's the rest of the steak house, cigar, drum, and one of the cigar rooms were very big. And all the steak house right. It was up in poverty. I think you were there in Zoltan and his wife. Mm-hmm. Remember? Yep. And I think that was the one. Maybe not because I don't recall a fact which we didn't tell him. But with somewhere we were going to respond to a sponsored deal for a meal. And I walked in and he'd gotten there early, of course, to jump in the food before anybody got a hold of it. And he had half of his meal all over front of his shirt. So he went in the tea room to try to wash it off and it came out and looked like he had just taken a shower with his clothes on. I mean, he just doused it. Sure, you know, that big, those big guava, he was used to wear it. Yeah. He's tucked out, you know, because he weighed 800 per night. Those are very forgiving those shirts. Yeah. That is correct. Great guy, but a little bit of a sloth. And just like me, great guy, but a big sloth. And that's fine. I really don't care. The fact that there were socks is not particularly, you know, it's just goch, just firstly in the winter time. Yeah. No, it's just like, because, you know, it just doesn't look right. Yeah. I mean, you know, maybe I should have my pants like cuffed, I mean, lengthened about like some dragon on the floor a little bit. Cover up the fact that we're in any socks. I can't wear socks because they're too tight on my ankles. And I get the, the, the, the, the end of the taste. And you know, I'm talking about, because I'm here circulation. I think we're those little, footy socks. I'm not wearing footy on my feet. Okay. I'm not wearing footy. I think today is today, footy's last day. Bye, bye, footy. Okay. You turd. You loser. You turd. I mean, like Rick Shaw, and we have a fun relationship and there's a lot of other people that work at other stations over the years. But this guy, oh, you don't want to be like that in the garage. He's on professional. Yeah. You should be so on professional. Okay. You turd burger. You old troll that they're pushing out to put Obi and Anthony in there. Crem the rumors. And so Tom Jick or vice 15 columns about it. Like, like I really care. Okay. Right. Right. A few more time. He's alleging it is on mine. WQA and people line. Hello. You asked for a plan for the two four slot. Okay. You got it. Perfect. You sound okay to me. And he's sound alright. Sound a little red neck. But that's good in South Florida. And at least we didn't get that that sound. Oh, man. That piercing sound. Ooh. It's so shrill. It's just going right through you. A little dabble do you. A lot like that pull. We did a little go. A little go. A long way. Oh, I can think of a lot of things like that. A little goes a long way. By the way, I'm filing a $400 million lawsuit against your especially case you tune in late. We found out we got we got the goods and that bitch now. We found out that she's intentionally doing everything the harm they showed to try to hurt the show. That sounds to me like torsious interference and either a whole bunch of legal or a kind of legal ease. Talk to you at normal bottles. He'll tell you. We'll make a whole bunch of stuff up. That's right. And plus we're going to make a bunch of stuff up and let her disprove it. Okay. In fact, I heard that she squats on the radio between 10 and 2 every day and it releases An anxious gash just in the way of trying like poison the poison the air. It has a booted up. Right. In fact, you think Oprah was like out of controller and I've been at that. Oh boy. What a missed down there. It was always a mess. And he seemed pretty oblivious. I guess when you were that fat, you just not familiar with what's going on in other parts of your body. Especially when they're talking with a British accent. Twenty seven past eleven and five, sixty WQA and would lighten the agatolos numbers there after we've moved in for an hour and a half. All right. It's good. Very good. Jesuits like the old days. Milk it real real tight. With lightning crisp beans, the latest features and security. Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust. Dust in the wind. And today you can get on board for just nine ninety five a month for two months. With an always on connection speed of six megabytes. Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL one five up to a hundred times faster than dial up. Whether you're downloading music watching streaming video playing online games and just surfing your favorite sites. Comcast fast. Comcast reliable fast connection like I said means you'll be flying through the internet with the greatest of ease. Plus when you set up for Comcast high speed internet, you get instant access to features like the fan and video mail. Comcast radio plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few of them. Not only that, but you also get macrophies security tools included. So you can be assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure. So what you'd be waiting for is start doing a hell of a lot more a lot faster than you ever could be for. Son up for Comcast high speed internet today for just nine ninety five a month or two months. You wonder how it remains without it. In date call 305 Comcast, do you be all the sales or in Howard? Nine five four Comcast. This is new Roger. This is five sixteen two days. Please talk radio I've heard in my life with NWOD. My name is O.J. I know Spanish American. Oh, that's my favorite. You can be too cute, too cute, too cute, too cute. I'm playing Spanish. I'm playing with my own. I'm playing with my own. My yard. I like my day. Three times. And I'm rocked in the face. And so today, you keep holding. I have moved you. I'm here. And I'm playing with my own. I'm playing with my own. I'm playing with my own. I'm playing with my own. I'm playing with my own. I'm playing with my own. I have more coachnalypy. And street thunder by. It's great. It's a lot of serpents. The ending is as usual in his best. The ending is by far the best. 720 votes on the full. I think we got a shot at 800. We do 1000. I take a lot of things. I think we can do 1000. We can get something done on that 2 to horse line. And here's the deal. Here are these numbers. I know we'd probably get when the ratings come out. I get over the top and said, but you know what to bad. A lot of people in the business because their management won't tell them what really happened. So they depend on me. You know, really not me. Like Bill Widdish would say. And I'll actually wait. I'll say my shoulder and my neck feel fine. I'm going to tie a little shoulder neck and whatever crap. All old people's pills. And the effect also is worn off. You know, this is not like that. OPP. Old people's pills. When you get to be an old people, may you start popping a lot of pills. That's over. And he got off with a slap on a wrist. How about some oxies? You think they would help? You can really try. Although I could cut. I recommend say, hoarding of a nutty. We used a cinnamon. Richard Cady played by Ziny in their grandfather. Right? Maybe that's what they named those after. Oxie Coney. He was good actor. Richard Coney played in some. Was he in co-vadas or one of those Roman Emperor kind of movies? Richard Coney. The role him. C-O-N-T-E. Way way back when. He was very good. He played Luigi Vazini. Anyway, here's the graph. W-Q-M-M-25-54. They went a reading book that's January, February, March. In Eros, February, and Marzo. And W-Q-A-M. This goes through the entire day, hour by hour. And that would take a lot of time to do. And that's what I'm going to do it. And also we got the last few numbers across the street for the sports losers. Boy, you'll find, you know, you may talk of the gaming. You may try to ring poles and red-coaches blog and a hero. Yeah, yeah. And like I said, all along, you can't talk your way in the meaningful numbers. Your numbers suck. That's what they mean. They suck. Our sports numbers also suck, which I think basically, like I've been predicting for quite some time. This whole sports talk thing. How many points did Jack had last night, John? I thought, 30 minutes. I thought, you know, I mean, how many times can you say? I thought, I thought, you know, and try to pretend you care about something that you don't. You don't. You don't imagine you're like tomorrow. There'll be all these people that'll be whipped up about the Kentucky Derby. Even George has picked N. John, you both picked a winner now. For ordinarily, if we were talking about horse racing, and they'd be in a coma already. Oh, you don't really talk about horse racing. Oh, that's just a shot. That's just a shot. I thought, equally disinterested in all of them. Oh, man. Oh, my God. Louis, Louis, uh, Palucci, where are you when we need you? Louis, Palucci. WDQA, midnight to 1 o'clock in the morning. We got a, oh, and everything. We got a, how many people listening average quarter hour? No. I have a just share. Oh, point. Oh, from midnight to one. Nobody. Nobody seen. Nobody knows the trouble we've seen. I don't want to go down. Like overnight mean nothing anyway. You know, I mean, only in some of the acts are up and most of them are the age of 100. This is our desirable demo. 25 to 54. A lot of us think of them myself, men 18 to 24. And even more desirable, uh, demographic. But that's just a personal thing. Mornings. Here we go. You're ready. Strap yourselves in boys and girls. Now five to six a.m. The, uh, big o rock solid. It throws in a big number. They got a 570. Those only got a two nine's. Like double double. I mean, they still suck. And, and that 570 is the only outside of this show. It's the only number above a four the entire day on this station. Cross the street. The loser. You don't have a number above a three all day in men. This is their target demographic. And Barry writes, but I mean, but I'm open. The Stu got said, there's in Joe Bell. Said that. Barry, you wouldn't, you wouldn't know our rating book. If somebody, if somebody stuck your salami in the peanut butter sandwich in the middle of it. And glued it together. I say somebody stick the peanut butter on the toilet seat for Barry. Then who really wonder what he's sitting on. Okay. Anyway, Q a a morning six to seven a.m. Let's go to the big o. That's the big o. Two point four share. Now, for those of the uninitiated, well, what is that? Is that a good number? No, it sucks. That's bad. And I'll tell you right now, the moment. I don't think he ever in the morning show in Joe Rose on this station. Now, and the old worst team, they weren't doing numbers like these. Ever. Ever take sides against the family again. Ever. Two point four. And across the street, they got a one point two. Now, what time is Joe on? Is he to seven to ten? Yeah. Okay. Now, at seven o'clock, the humper holds the same two point four. But in fact, that's his biggest number. So we can thank, uh, rock solid. I guess for the big lead in. At seven o'clock, Joe Rose comes on and goes to a one point eight. Processed street. Eight o'clock, Hank goes down to a two one. And he's tied with the little dog with a two one. Although Hank has a hundred more people average quarter hour. So it's, it's tied. Nine o'clock. Oh, my God. I want to see what one of the more dangerous hours of the day is the five hour. Nine to ten a.m. Hank drops to a one point six. And the little dog drops to a one point. Oh, oh, my God. You put the numbers together and they still suck. Mm-hmm. Then a ten o'clock, keeping in mind that Hank had a one point six year at nine, we start with a six point one. Six point one. Oh, my God. From a one six, same number is just in different order. You know, decimal point in different place. So even though we're only number three and men in this book, which is the lowest we've been in, I don't know, what about a hundred years. Mm-hmm. You still have to take some solace from the fact that when we're surrounded by objects failure, I mean, just unbelievable. And your idea of my stopping across over with Hank on Monday is a bad idea, because then it's going to look to like everybody like I'm trying to like, get a scaven off my back, you know, a big fat scab. Josh, can you believe that he was suggesting that? I can't believe it. Well, I don't want to, you know, because I love Hank personally is a good friend and a good guy. And you know, I wish nothing but the best and I wish her. But they won't listen to me. You know, first of all, he didn't belong in the morning in the first place. It's not his bag. And number two, they keep putting all the same direct on here that they had in the afternoon, because they don't understand the difference between afternoon drive and morning drive. They don't understand morning drive in that's radio station. They don't get it. They do not get it. Anyway, so we got a six-month-in-a-10. Cross the street. They got a two-four. Whew. And a lot of the clock, we got a six-six. They got a two-eight, which is their biggest, one of their biggest hours that they had, a lot of an clock. Must be the, oh, man, it must be the hour that the juice really goes nuts. And who else I'm with him? Yes, Ali. Not asking Josh. Who's on with O.J. McTuffey on there? Um, sitting at the kid on with him or is he on after him? I believe he's on with him. Oh, really? So the kid will, I must be it. Two-four and a-two-eight. We got a six-six. And no one, we got a five-six. They grabbed way down to 1.5-share. At one clock, we got a five-point. Oh, and they got a one-one. Whew. Those are more like numbers than they have to know. And two-th...and here we go, the two-four hours. I bet you everybody in this audience is cranked the radio up as loud as it will go, and probably twist the knob around like double. You know what I mean? Even beyond where it stops, yeah, turn it to 11. Yeah, but we got to do the break first. This is Neil Roger. So my God. This is five, sixty, two, eight. We are at the thousands of immigrants have taken to the streets. We think that's wrong. We're up you, the United Protesters Union. Up you represents the millions of trained, qualified, American protesters who are losing their jobs to illegal demonstrators, willing to march for a fraction of the cost. These immigrants carry poorly crafted banners and signs with slogans that aren't even written in English. This nation was built on the backs of complaining, Americans, and the United Protesters Union believes it should stay that way. Every time an illegal alien marches in the protest line, an American marches to the unemployment line, please join up you and give these foreigners off our streets and back to taking some other Americans job. There you go. Yeah, I don't understand if you're like a slipper and you just haven't got two nickels to rub together. Hey, I have time to be taking days off or more. I mean, we can't afford to be taking days off or more. We're going to work with the 24-7, just like we got a meager income here, you know? In addition, the way to once a bunch of Puggy Mexicans run around, go, pick some grapes in Mexico and get away from us. They were good looking, they probably wouldn't be such big problems. They were good looking man. I'd be after marching with them. 700, well they're not. Did you see any good looking people in that crowd may of female or the third, no, no, no, no. 738 votes on a poll. I think we got a shot where we get closer toward 800 by the top of the star. But today's going to be a real test. This is going to be the real test of our greatness of our mediocrity, isn't this? Okay, here's the two and four hours that you've been waiting for. Man, whoo! Nice going Joe! I can't see the same Joe Belly, so I can't see any worse than those in that crowd. That's what Joe Bell said, those are the flowers. Guess what? We did. Guess what Joe, just when you thought they couldn't get any worse, it did. Two o'clock, WQAM, a 0.9, cross the street to a clock at 1.5. Almost double, we got it. That's the booster. Three o'clock, they got a 1.2. We have a tree o'clock at the end of the middle of the day when people are awake. When people are in their cars when our signals are almost audible in some parts of town, if you had the window open in the window and right direction, at three and a half and three to four, preceding the mad dog, how would you like to follow a 0.5? That's where you're clocked. You combine those two hours and we've got a 0.7. Yeah, that would make me cry. If I were on those hours, I'd be crying like crazy. The revolving door ain't working no more. It never did in the first place, okay? And the number is dropping like a bowling ball, he from the top of the series tower. Can't believe Dave said, Susan Robock, that was bad. When I said Brian's series. I guess he couldn't resist it. In fact, the series on the Eden Center where it has the big signs, the series that used to be Eden's departments for the outs series. Two summers ago that somebody crossed out on a science, said SARS Center, that was bad. That's not funny, and it was not a good idea. And they killed him, I think. Anyway, four and a half to do it. We got mad dog comes on, he goes from a 0.5 to a 2.9. It's pretty good increase, but 2.9 for the mad dog. That's not easy following transmitter maintenance. Cross the street, the Harley-10, now what time is the bastard on? John C. M. 4, 4 to 7. So what's on the tree? Still the booster? Yeah, he goes, well he goes till 3, I believe. And what sounds three to four? I have no idea. Oh, come on, maybe he goes to four. I don't know there is that schedule. You guys are so out of the loop, man. You're out of the fruit loop. Three to four, whatever it is, it sucks because they got a 1, 2, and we got a, no, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm doing this wrong. 4 to 7. You got Danny Borla, I'm actually against the mad dog. No contest. 4 to 2, 9, they got a 1, 3. 5 to 2, 3, 8 sets are our biggest hour outside of the show. And they got a 2, 3. 3, 2, 2, 3, and it's 6 to 2, just barely aging them about 2, 5 to 2, 3. But Danny Borla, bastard, boys got 3, sucky hours there. 1, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, those suck. Oh, he's so entertaining, and he's so, you know, he's young, and he's hit, and he's cool. Cool is an elephant's part, okay? He's about as cool as Joyce's underbelly. 7 o'clock at night. These numbers we got. Now, they got at night 7 o'clock at night. They got a 1, 7, a 2, 0, 2, 2, and then an 0, 0, 5. Our 7 o'clock at night. Our numbers accept 1 star with it. Oh man, setting panthers. We love the panther. So even as much as the Marlon numbers, they're going to be a big increase in there in the, uh, spring work. Which by the way, Booge is 1 to 4. I thought he was 1 to 3. Well, 3 to 4 he's doing a 1, 2. Well, there you go. Nothing great, but we got a 0, 5. We're going to have a look at the number of people. So basically Booge is 2nd window with there, but at least he needs to be following door 2 to 4, which is a horrendous idea. It's unacceptable. It's unprofessional. It's embarrassing. It's humiliating and degrading. But in that article with very chat and I wait, I think I skipped that. Let me go back to that again. How can I skip that? Uh, yeah. The downside for 790 is that having dolphin's rights did not give the states a significant carryover effect in 2006, and they still suck in a fall book too, by the way, very. Bell, that's Clara Bell, said W2M's 2 to 4 PM slab will be filled shortly. That, that moving managed by the crew is wrong. Awesome. Because Jim is demonstrate a real ability to hold Roger's audience. I like him to be on 2 to 7 PM. I don't think he'd agree that. He'll go ahead. Yeah. And that says we thought there would be a blizzard in South Florida before the day came. It made his start having guests and then he's going to have a leak course so on. Well, say, I have a few of them on, but not he definitely nothing have our winback on I hope. The day that mad dog has our winback, I'll be the day he loses my allegiance. He won't do it. So there they are. Redemined wheat, baby. Did I mention our nighttime? Seven midnight zero point six. One point three eight eight o'clock is 0.9 zero point seven and zero point three. So from 11 till what midnight till one to one we got a point three and a zero. Oh my god. I just want to kill somebody. Don't you? Well, yeah. Somebody. Couple of names. Joyce comes to mind. Yeah. I've got a fifty fifty trillion dollar lawsuit. I'm following the four o'clock this afternoon against her in court in Naples. And also having a hitman. I'd be real real cautious next time I started my car, Joyce. Yeah. It's not a threat. It's just I'm just thinking out loud. You know, I'll loud. I'll be real real nervous every time I got a car. I kind of like keep one light dangling outside the door. 750 six folks on our very very intellectual pool today. What one word is the worst thing you can call somebody. But we're not allowing any Joyce words like men. A whole 141. Coward 113. Fag 87. Republican 81. Slot 57 Joyce. Slot. We've turned in 46 Joyce. More on 30. More on's got 30. But 30 men. Joyce. Hippocrates 28. Bitch 28 Joyce. Schrock 23. Cow 19. I don't know if she's fat. Keeps gate 19. Pig 18. Pansy. And the nice going erick very straight. He turned the Z into an S. Fuck that. Handsy 13. Puts 12. Tug 11. Troll 11. What's wrong with troll now? What's wrong with being a mirror. Troll. Even old King Cole is a mirror. Troll wasn't it? Yeah. Who used to learn music by net King. Troll 10. Gross 4. Slot 3. And Geeks only got one. I mean, he or Geeks can probably know you were a geek. Were I agree with that? Sure. Like they can be tried by yesterday. If we were steaming to be. Huh? We were steaming to be. Yeah. Like all the other ones on our list. I haven't only. So there are your, you know, Now what did I do with these other things here? But coast in midday is got a 7.4 share. I'm president in history. In fact, you know, the interesting part of it in the morning. They obviously got some weird diaries all along this morning. They're all of a sudden time for six with a four three. But for some strange reason, they got this huge goose in midday is the coast. WFLC with a 7.4 share. Does any of it? Oh, and even see this two to four. They got a 6.9. They're number one. And then after you drive, they take a little dive. They go number four. So they got nothing but wired diaries over there. And the coast because nobody. Listen to the coast. Nobody except in offices, you know? Maybe they put all the diaries with people working like Dennis or a physicist. You think? Awesome. One good thing we got going for us is that we had the guy called yesterday. It's got, you know, what do you say got a family of 87 illegal aliens in they all got diaries and wreck an April? Maybe we would make a little bounce back an April with his help with his ass assistance. We could only hope. I'll sacrifice a chance. Come again. Tell me, he emailed me a picture of Rossi Bernstein, who looks extremely Jewish and extremely ugly and I emailed that back to McGowan. Right. Why are you in pain? Pretty sure. That's it. You know, you just, I think too much time in Brandon. Effective your brain. Like there was a doubt that he was Jewish with the name like well, you're like, I just saw a picture of it. Like how he's trained me to do it. Like my Jewish names. Like like an old kid like me doesn't know my Jewish names. Bernstein. We were just talking about Stan Bergstein and like I've had to stand as Jewish too. Like he and Spencer Rossi had, but during the George Leven Memorial pace and it were eating home and caution was rated for him time. And Stan said, you don't have to be Jewish to enjoy the Leven. They both cracked up and it just almost lost it. It was a great moment. Great racing moment. It was about race way. And here's a little piece of trivia for you. When I live in Pembroke Lakes, you know, the corner of Taft and Hightest there. Do it well. It's where I used to live and they got the tennis court there in a whole deal. Right. That's pretty good. My landlord in my apartment had nice two level, within the townhouse, but it was a nice place. And my landlord, the family owned the property that Roosevelt Raceway was on, said it were obviously had a few bucks. And then of course they tore the track down and built like their condominiums there. Or yeah, I think condos. Is that interesting, trivia? Okay. I mean, not real interesting, but like mildly, you know, something you didn't know before. Right. And it will hurt us, raising that'll take it. No, right after Roosevelt Raceway was harness racing only. It was a beautiful place. And the infield, they had a separate totboard for each horse. And other with each number one to head, it's own totboard. And with two of the minimum and maximum that the horse would pay the place and show before the ride. It was really an exactly what it would pay to win. It was a, of course, you know, he used to call a race. It was about raceway. No, who, Jackie Lee. Oh. Ha ha ha ha. Narodic Jackie Lee. Remember he was sending me those cars? That was the first back to IOD. No, I had the disclosure of meeting Jackie Lee at Tompano Park. A couple of times. I think he called on the air was to. Did he really have to defend himself? He, he was the more Howard David of a race calling. They make no mistake about it. Same person only with glasses. Big, Elton John like glasses. Jackie Lee. And he wanted me to help him get the job at Pompano calling the races. And I said, no way. Go away. No way. He really bugged me. He was a. I think we got somewhere to describe him on that pole today. We're taking. I don't want to say which one. I think it's toward the top. A 10 year old cross brings your will. Not be allowed to sing a controversial president bush flashing ballad at a high school talent show after her principal deemed it inappropriate into political. I think my maid. Oh, no. I can see something. Uh-oh. I don't understand. It's just like my mother. Why is it that people come into your home? And they move things around. You know, in other words, I have stuff where I want it. There's many ways why she had to move this damn lamp. Hey, I'm saying those letters. I'm going to go and blind here. I can't see it in an hour. We're always the lamp was over like off on the side there. What do you know about furniture or anything? Yeah, that's true. The song dear Mr. President, performed a curtain by the singer Pink, realizes the president for the war in Iraq and other policies, including his stance on gay rights. Parentanity's shool says her daughter Molly should be loaded for choosing the risk that are full of substance, rather than pop music fluff. He said the principal's vancens of bad message and violates her daughter's right to free speech. Just like Zoe Zazza, we ought to send somebody a message. If this was his student, say that's driven by Wally, Hennessy button. Joey Zazza. Right. There's a horse named Joey Zazza. Okay. He's a brave to news. He's a pretty good one. Who's man, if you're good, buddy. Hey, Wally, how's it going, hey? If this was his student, singing a pro administration, so nobody would cripple with a tool, said the principal's just running a scared and this one upset a parents. She has got her thumb right on her man. Right. The principal of Parsley's elementary, Camilla Pantillo, could not be reached for comment yesterday. And an email provided by the mother, Pantillo explained that the song Molly chose to sing his political song and does use the word Helen. Oh, oh, I wonder how fancy Joey's those this brought. A proud county school district official said the principal is everybody to determine what music or students should hear in a school function. A function that you're junction. This is a fifth grade student that lots of former song Phil Relerous about drug use, war abortion gay rights and profanity, said district spokeswoman Nadine Drew. This is an elementary school that includes kindergarteners and pre-case students. The song does not mention abortion and the profanity mentioned is the word that drug use refers to Bush's alleged comment before we came present. Some of the lyrics are, what kind of father would take his own daughters rights away, what kind of father might have, he does own daughter if she were gay. I go only imagine what the first lady has to say. You've come a long way from whiskey and cocaine. Another portion criticizes Bush for the war. How do you sleep while the rest of us cry? How do you dream when the mother has no chance to say goodbye? I think she ought to get a egg. And this is a 10 year old girl. Who's a go off with a egg? This is the original version. Oh, here it is. Oh, yes pink? Yeah, it is pink. You've seen it then, huh? I've seen a few and guess what? Most of them were fanfers. This is a real Roger's. This is a 516. This is Dick Cheney. I like to relax. I have a very magnanimous size. My balls are listening to the meal Rogers welcome on our beef. Okay. That's a looping. Can't believe a language I hear on TV. Every home of word is a book saying a teen. It gives the freedom of cable was a whole of verse. But now the networks let their act to its terms. Oh, my God. And the wind and sight to this extent of TV. All the dire knock and take for fairs of TV. It's where in like a trailer on a free day of past. Words all are worth that ask. That's a book. F-M-A-F-M-C-O-L-A-D-A-F-O-M-A-R-T-V. F-M-A-F-M-A-F-M-A-R-T-V. Rectom. Tell them. It's down there. Tell them. 12. 12. Yeah. They're in a trussity right there. It's going every time I see him. I say a few F-M-A-F-M. Anyway, just one final thought on these ratings. Yeah. In the morning, 5-7-8, and then men in our target den, what were number 12? 5-7. 7-10-A, and we're number 18. 7-10-A-M. The Humper. No. Number 18-O-2. That was for, oh. 10-2, and number 3. 2-4, we're number 28. Out of 30, four stations listed, we're number 28 between 2-4. Nice going, Joel. Baby, you came in there, man. Like a whirling dervish. Like a pile of elephant manure. 4-7, we dropped about where number 15. They had a little bit of a recurve there. 15. 12, 18, 28, and 15. And we're number 3. I'll take it, you know. Yeah, we'll take it. I mean, what do you guys say everybody doing real well? Because then we get to master bonus money. So it's not like an ego trip now. We need to find out from the audience about that crossover. 10, we take an appole on that. But of course, they just, they just case to ask when again on the pole, you know. Right. We need for them to analyze whether we should continue with that or take George's advice and get rid of it. Or it started at 10 till it ended at 10. Because their last break is always late because they got those important phone numbers. I would win mango and with the breaks can be whatever they want them to be. No, I'm at show. I'm this show, yes. I'm that show, no. I'm this show. We ended to a clock. You could set the atomic clock by when my last bit ends and what we say. Bye, bye, bye, am I right? Yeah. You can see the second hand coming up to the top of the hour. Maybe maybe maybe maybe five seconds could drop in something like. Or something like that, right? Something cute, like. Go to the hotel time. Yeah, we can tell time on this show. But the morning show, they always, in fact, back in the old days when the worst team was on, they almost never got out on time. And then suddenly Robert would come on in and, oh, they're going to be two minutes over there, they had a long interview. Yeah, the interview goes as long as the amount of time you've got. That's the way it works on a real radio station. Now, the real radio show, you know. I don't understand that concept. I'm not sure how it's spur, when you go on until midnight. Because your ego isn't, uh, fluffed up enough yet. And because they don't have to turn in $50 million worth yet. I don't know about that thousand votes on the poll. If we don't get it, I might not come back Monday. I'll say that. I might just lay out as a way of protest. Of course, I got a lot of legal work to do my $45 billion loss to the against Joyce. We got the 783. Well, that's close to 800, but boy, we, we need to get way, we need to get like $850 by, uh, nah, 900 by one of Flock. Don't we? Or it'll be on the safe side? Come on now. I need a little, all assistants here. I'm sorry. We'll get any help there. 783. Need a little enthusiastic support on that. Okay. To cross over or to cross stress, that's our on-year poll today. Five or thoughts. Five, six, seven. Of course, we do have some people that have a tattoo. So it's a big enough cross-dress. What's part of a name is that for a dog? Ha ha ha. Dr. Bishop Vezman, tattoo. He always just impressed me as kind of a silly guy. Yes. Oh, I like that. I like that outfit. He wears it. He reminds me of a dark-complicative Reverend Schuler there from the Crystal for Thedra. You know, Reverend Schuler. Yeah. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Town five, sixty on the Verizon and singular wireless lines. We got guilty of two. Mad dog from the court of that can summarize it for. And then the Marlin Crab. I mean, Marlins of the Cardinals. See why do we have to have a pregame show? Is that part of the package? Is that on the, it did be affiliate? Security, a pregame show, Josh? What do you mean? The other stations on the Marlin Radio Network. Do they carry the pregame show? I don't know. Well, that would be something interesting to find out. Because I think we need the pregame show like we need him or it's. Although probably the reason we do that is because it's half-heartedly getting six and more spots in there to try to defray all the money we're losing in the Marlins broadcast. Correct. There are many sponsors in the pregame. Right. So like I said, we're sure not going to drop that on. Because we got to get back some of that, the Zidians and what dollars we're losing. Although we're not losing nearly as much on that as they are across the street on the dolphin thing. Oh, man. It lost three and a half million dollars on the first year broadcast in the off of that. That's the kind of they're very own internal love people saying man. I've been on very good a theory. The same theory that by the way told me the joys is trying to sandbag this show. Bitch. FwAM hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Keep the cross on her and F-dose that cross from the edge. Okay. Very well saying. Touched all the bases there man. So homerun inside the park, but nevertheless. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, Verizon, singular wireless line. WQAM cross over line. Hello. Yes sir. This is the story. WQAM hello. You have a picture of me? Yeah, we got a picture. Yeah. And it looks like a craft looks like somebody must be a mess behind. QAM hello. Oh, no. Is that real? Yep. Yeah. I listen. I'd like to celebrate the fifth of May by seeing you meet that. You can have the last thing. Well, go ahead. By the way, speaking of that, I think a lot of the less people would have been pio to about that whole thing. The second is fancy if they would have kept the lyrics the same. It wasn't just the fact that we're singing the National Anthem in Espanol. But they changed the lyrics. They just kind of made up their own, say one. That's the ones that are great. Everyone's your own one. Vivo, Vivo, talk of Vivo, Lataka and Takahood, Takahood. I don't know what they were saying. I don't know what it was. But they changed the lyrics all around. It's not even the same song. Any language. So I think that's what's all the quite frankly. Most of the people are worried about stuff like that. They're just a bunch of bigots anyway. Sing it in English, right? Yeah. Yeah. This should be our biggest problem. Do like they do in Montreal. Maybe a single that, oh, Canada and a half in French and half in English and Tis everybody. We, we, we, we, we. Probably probably. Frog. Stubby, do you QAM? Hello. Yes. I love the crossover. Definitely keep the crossover. Okay. And call me upset, but I, I don't have the thoughts on that guy. I'm interested when you used to do heavy duty. Heavy duty? How well, I've made me do that. But you're not going to hear it. Listen, that, I got that one bit. In fact, I, I wish, I see. I can't play it. Even if you're suffering from much as you're going to revenge or Found out from too much case or death, if a new product that is right up Your A. Hold, if they acted as an opinion of fights like nobody's business. Yeah, next life. So if you listen, it's got, if there's not just farting sounds and it's got like, Like, hippo fart like, like, handwood fart, you know. I would, I would, that big. Well, loud. And in fact, I listen to, listen to, turn off your mic and listen to it And cue. Next, likes. Yeah, yeah. And come back and let us know when you're, no, no, I, I'm serious. You can't hear it, I'm a microphone. What? You know, seriously, I'm giving Josh a authority right now to shoot him. And it gets to about 1215, just blow his brain side if you can find him. He is just, just, hard ass. I told you that's the only one to describe him. He's just a hard ass, a little spick. Yeah, see is right. Hard ass. You need to hear him? He's going to open it at the wrong time and then you're going to jump in. Okay. Why got my hand on the button? Yeah, I bet you do. I said, I was told he, like, a 38 second bitter somehow. That's right. And I can hear it. I can hear it. Yeah. Those words. I talked about a blast from the past. Those are those sounds like when the air is letting out of a balloon. Yeah. That's all that. I'm a big balloon. I don't want to be a helium balloon. It's like a jelly. Talks through. Wow. I love to play that. And of course, we used to play that in the early time. There's a spot for some drugstore to have. If it's shoppers, drugmar, whatever. There's a TV spot here. And they say, do you want to buy your prescriptions at the same place where your by children's toys. They show a little doll on a boat. And the doll is a farting doll. And there is a fart sound. And it will be a spot where you don't have toys that make for a child's toys that make for a child's toys. But according to Joyce, who's tried to sabotage the show, I'm going to tell you right now, and you may think I'm joking about that $400 trillion lawsuit on her. But this was something I had to fan. Look, nothing else makes sense either. When you think like, because we've had this discussion about these words and how can anybody make such a rule right? Right. What words, the logic, what's the question? What's the question? What's the question? What's the question? What's the question? What's the question? What's the question? And they're done. All of the way weren't really all that fat, especially compared to the rest of this joint. But she's succeeding. And I think she needs to be sued either sued or fired at it or both. And if I had an agent, a lawyer that had any balls at all, instead of just a whining, well, Joyce, you know, instead of that, he would take some action about it. He would make some, he would rattle his spirit. I'm telling you who's, uh, agent we need to get in that's moe. Man, that guy, he'd been put up with any cramp. He damn you got your ass fired, so matter of fact. That's right. I'm serious. And what have you been abatting? He sure is held in the me. I mean, get that new part of yourself. Huh? He knew his stuff. Yeah, he knew his crap. I know how to get the rattle their cage real good. Twelve minutes past noon at five, 60, WDQM, the one-sgrade voice. The voice. You know the voice I'm talking about. That's the voice. And you'll be hearing it at two again. The revolving dough, two to four, with fractions. Listen, at three o'clock and the afternoon at a point five. I looked at that and I said here in a chair and I started to make the same sounds you just read on that mixed life. But oh, good God. My stomach was rumbling and grumbling in my armpits were like, Flap and I just can't believe it. How is it possible? It's one thing to have nobody listen to midnight. You know, if the dollar is in fog and right place and people would have better or whoever they are. But at three o'clock in the afternoon to be doing a toy five. That's enough to make a grown man cry. If you love voting, you run spend a ton of money and buy you a vote and then the headaches really start. Here's the smart thing to do. Call Club Notico instead at 1-800-Vote-Rent right now. By paying the incredible expenses of owning a vote and going through all the egg grief when you can rent one totally hassle free. Join the club today. Club Notico called 1-800-Vote-Rent. We've got to hold some or come up. You might as well be up there in a drawer. Join the weather and have a great time. But don't do it to stupid away by buying. Call 1-800-Vote-Rent to be surprised just how easy it is. No docking costs. No expensive upkeep. No insurance. No hurricane preparation. God forbid. With the welcome Club Notico it's totally stress free and truly affordable. Call 1-800-Vote-Rent. No getting the vote ready. Club Notico does it all for you. No cleaning up either they take care of that as well. A club Notico just hop on your boat. Go have a great time. And when you dump them with a dock it off in a hop away. It's that easy. Club Notico 1-800-Vote-Rent. They take care of all the grief and the work and the stuff. And you just have a great time. From unlimited voting to pays you go small boats all the way up to yacht charters. These are the folks you want to talk to. Club Notico. Call 1-800-Vote-Rent. Let's come notico take a reply and fit your knees and your budget whatever you be needing. Get on the water today with our friends at Club Notico by calling toll free. 1-800-Vote-Rent. This is Neil Rogers. You have this. Is 5-16-2-8-6. Why the are you? You first. Oh. We're all the kids. Hey. Every other every day, boy. To the out of business, I'm going to win this win this win this money. No matter, I work so hard. So we have to get to make tonight. That's a new story. Make me boil. One. Make me boil. Walk in at the corner where you need this one more. Make me boil. Make me boil. Make me boil. And never say that I'm a radio. Make it your focus contract. Never read it for you, sign. It shows we reserve the life and pay as little as we rise for. We'll be on the unemployment level. Sign on the line. Yeah, pretty good piece of life. Make me boil. One. Make me boil. Make up the order price you give one. Make me spend the agreement with my friends. Why? Make me boil. So 10-30 dollars lost in the behalf of the 4-P.N.S.F. Noon and court and Naples floating against Joyce the bitch. I just found out. About 17-5-60-2-2-2-2. So far we've had two calls. Keep the cross over you know. And that's it. And the phone is just dead as a gore now. I expected that. That's why I got a pretty good pile. Excellent. No, it's not excellent. I don't want to go through all the network. That one we're following a one-nine. You know a nine-clong. What is it? One-nine or one-six. Whatever it is. One-six. What that's right is one-six. It's easy to remember because we got a six-one and it was a one-six. Just turned the numbers around. I mean, we got numbers now. I wouldn't wish on Osama, Yama. I wouldn't wish him on the bush family. Or an clover. And that I think says it all. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60, leave a rise then. See, you're wireless line. You know, we're trying to tap your brain. But of course, a lot of people out there is. The search goes on. Oh, man. The brain drain and south Florida. It's just, uh, everything. So do you listen to that bit, right? Yes. Just balloons. They are being right out of the balloon. Is that what this human balloon is? That's right. I see. A lot of burst your bubble, but don't play it. No. W2, WM, hello. W2. Yeah. Sounds like you're a little bit. Very fresh for tea, is pal. W2, M, hello. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. Kind of grab a little ds, but I could. Just do that. Do it on what a song or day it was yesterday for America to meet in an icon like for a wood. And I picked that. I picked that. I picked your pardon and I toned like Earl Woods. Like Tiger Woods, Daddy. Yeah. How we love and to pop it off. We're putting the ball into a hell. Imagine how that day went. Yeah. Okay. I'm glad you got your priorities all straight now. Miguel, by the way, we come a little later on. Maybe you guys can go to dinner at La Carretta. 560, 560, pound 560, Verizon, SIGGET or wireless. I just don't have time for that crap in my life. That's one of the many reasons I'm out there and refuse to be. I just had no time for such garbage. 567, let's get these phones smoking, man. We're trying to get a little bit input from these bases. But we're like that. Like if you have a sales department. Yeah. Tell Chris, he's a nice guy. I'm tired of hearing about this one. Look, enough already. Bring in whoever you're going to bring in. Get your ducks in a row, which is a 400-tamer set out today. And do something already. Will you? He keeps telling me, well, there's more coming in. But it'll be better. But well, good. Just do it. Make something happen. Make it happen. You know, the other guy has been claimed to famously let Mo go early. January 13 was supposed to be a rental March something. A couple months early. Quite frankly, in retrospect, it was a bad move. At least we had, at least then we had Mo to kick around. You know, now, now what do we got? Now we got. Oh, oh, oh, oh. A kick and a lot of free bag. WDQAM. Hello. Hello. WDQAM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, he's on the heat. Who finally show up for work. Could you play that? Put the ball in the basket. And I'll think about it. Vory stuff. 567, 0560. I call up guilty and see if he'll play it. WDQAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. We got a couple of things. This is a little mundane. But young corporation owns KFC. Pizza Hut, Taco Bell, Long John Silver's and A&W. Not owned by Pepsi anymore. So you can eat them all, spring and up together. We actually have a NW here. I don't know if there's any in South Florida anymore. We've got to be there. We're on a lot of them are getting in with KFC and stuff that kind of been rejuvenated. But far as a cost over, folks struggled a little bit. And that I like to just go over and see your show and good stuff. And I could do without the 15 minutes or something. I want to see what we have to know with. Okay. Thanks. They're using a dollar for name dropping. Okay. I don't think the draft your pants is nothing to drop all those names. I don't know. I just, it's not that I don't enjoy the cross. So where I just think it's counterproductive. And you're just screaming like a child that it's just very negative to it. That our people want to know that they're good at it. And I think you got a good point. It's not my point. I tune it out anyway. So it's going to, you know. We don't care what you do. You don't care any dollar. Exactly, Mr. That's the point. George, don't get one. That's the bottom of the line. I don't care what you're going to listen to. We're going to get one. Exactly. They mean. Maybe even though that's what you always say. It is you. Isn't it, Henji? Yes, him. It's something you're going to say. Hello. Neil God. Yes, sir. On the cross over, I think it's usually good and sometimes it's great. It's really good. It's good to be on the hank in the first place. And, you know, George and Middiet. I mean, you know, you want to hear how we say to be picking on poor fat hank. You know, our kicking gollownies down when he's got crappy numbers. Yeah. We said that after the OK. Yeah. So I listened to NPR in the morning, but now I start listening to a little bit of hank, but if I hear George come on, sorry, I'll turn on the radio. Well, there you go. Keep it up. George, it's just, thank you so much. Oh, sorry. See you. I'll be sorry. I think we're pretty interlater people hate George like poor. Isn't it? We should something horrible would happen to him. First of all, we already have. We pick pick one. Five six. We got over 800 votes on the pool. I think we got a little bit of a shot now. I just, my, my ball is twitched. I'm not sure what that means. I sure will not like yesterday morning. Wow, that was, that was a defining moment in my life. Several moments. 833 votes. Now, what do you think? What do we need by the top of the hour? Nine something? I think we get to 900 by one o'clock. I think there's a, we got a good shot. Remember Jimmy Johnson said we got a shot. We couldn't have it with those teams, man. Did they suck or what? There's a guy, you know, like Wayne says, you know, I don't want to be a guy. This is one thing and all the crap. There's a guy to talk to big game and Schuillow was done and the game passed and buy and blah blah blah. And then they put him in there and he sucked wind man. You really sucked Jimmy. Just get, go back out of the keys. If back on your big expensive vote, with some sure he don't write that one, I'm sure he owns it. I just have a wonderful time and then go back to and I'll say, I don't like the old things and because I don't watch those anyway. He has a good look to appear. The guy's this is a take to do the pre-game and half time shows. How many is it take? I'm sorry, man. See, I just don't understand that. You know what? It reminds me of it's like the talking head shows on CNN, MSNBC, on my panel. I had it's like the Larry Kingman. Oh, and that was another great thing. I'm in South Park, if it's not only Harald, but Larry King. A bunch of back Larry with the suspenders and with the license. Oh, that was a beautiful thing. Oh, but it wasn't as fun as you said it one. Now, I will say this. Office of that when you watch last days, yeah, which I spent a ton of money to send to you. When you watch, I say, you'll say, oh, it is bad as Neil said. You'll say, well, it's absolutely lit up to its billing. Boy, I can't wait. No, I'm serious. You will watch it. And when you get to the scene where they show the still shot of the front of that house and through the window and you can just barely see he's walking back and forth inside. Who knows what the least, it makes no difference. And the scene goes on and then there's a scene that the leaves going in the wind. You know, it's just nothing happening. It's just, and you want to blow your brains on. Makes you relate to it. Pretty cool, Wayne. WDQ, I am, hello. Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. Yes, good afternoon. Good afternoon. I actually thought George had a good idea because I love the crossover. Yeah. You know, and I'm not like maybe I'm 15 years younger than the you guys combined. But first, you have to remember, right? Oh, come on. You know, I'm still in your demographic. Oh, John, thank you. And an extra one's got a diary. But the point is that if you started the 10 of 10, I know it's 10 minutes. But you're in the studio in Toronto. Well, I'm here at 830 in the morning. Exactly. So I think that George is pointing you do the crossover 10 or 10. How tuned in instead of listening to a week. And that's right. I think he's the one that needs the assistance of my big numbers. There are my audience tuning in the Humphrey. Yes, and in the all-in, you know, remember the other day, played a tape from Orlando's show and who else would that was from? I'd like somebody to bother listening to it, you know, because he had a catch a plane. Yeah. I think I love him. Yeah. But it, well, it is. You know, this is part of it. Well, I mean, I love him too, but that doesn't mean he doesn't do things that sometimes piss me off. Yeah. Like, I put a pretty dead air on for a 10 or for women's clothes. He's got a little here going. Yeah, you know, something. If he would have said, I got to leave. If they would have said to me, would he go on 10 minutes early? I would have rather done the 10 minutes myself, extra, at the same price as opposed to following the big old with some tape talk off from the really for, you know, yes. And I, you know, you're, you're home and employee. Why? I said that to stand out. It's called self preservation. I wasn't doing it for the station. I'm doing it for my own benefit, man. I don't want to follow dead air. Exactly. So if you want to go to that, fine. Let him go. He might be even court attorney. But he didn't want to go. I think it's a judge's idea. Ten, ten, and he's, he's right. Because I remember one first thing I was driving around and you had, the, the spring court tapes. And the very important, you know, the good court decisions. Yeah. Here's a good. So you won 40 minutes without a commercial. And I, you had you to make up those breaks along the way. Right. And if somebody's invested in radio stocks and done fairly well with them, I mean, it just logical. You were the most popular person in the market. I'm not saying that to kiss your butt. That's a little bit. That's right. And so why not just go 10 to 10 and then you go right through. Well, I think we're going to extend that olive branch to the, to his people. We'll have our people talk to his people and, uh, you're doing it. Every time show up on Monday at 2 to 3 to 4. That's something Norman Kent would do. Oh, no. It makes too much sense for him to do it. Thanks a lot, pal. Thank you. But by this guy's covered all the bases. That's a good guy. I got me. So, it's crap. You know what I'm serious. Even if he did sound in the back. Huh? He's a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little. But he did know what he was talking about. Why, why do you always have to do that? I mean, he's not a broadcast. There might be professional people we got. You know, what? I'm jealous. I wish I was drunk at 1230 in the afternoon. He didn't send. He sounds drunk to you, your, uh, Josh. Yeah, I mean, it's single to my. He's got an excuse. Hey, so, it's gonna be something else. You know, Mark Aureeda's man. Maybe if you, uh, Green Purple Lizards. Yeah. You know, if, you know, if, I've heard a Metro text, but next slide. And so, I think that's what you need. It's next, takes you. What you use the next slide. And then we had a big thing on CNN this morning about the Mexican food, the real Mexican food is a poor boy. But you won't find this a Taco Bell. There's not a damn thing wrong with Taco Bell. Okay. I like Taco Bell. I like Taco Bell. I like to have a 90-wind scared menu. Yeah, it was a Taco Bell. Yeah, that's correct. I like Taco Bell a lot. Yeah, that's what it says at the end of that disgusting bit. Hey, what's better than saying cool and comfortable, all summer long. How about getting instant $1,200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner, the five-star edition of the carrier and fit into the system? And the main thing's even better, you can get this fabulous system from Royce, Aaron Heat. These are people you want to do business with because they've been taking care of track County area families for three generations. People you know are going to do your super job. As a carrier factory authorized data, Royce guarantees your 100% satisfaction. And that guarantee is backed by a carrier that people who invented air conditioning and out from up with the carrier and fit into the system actually performs a daily bad-nostic check. And then it just itself, for maximum efficiency. And to maintain maximum efficiency on your courteor, conditioner, we want you to join the Royce Aaron Heat Comfort Club. Here's how that deal works twice a year. They come to your home and inspect and tune up your system. You'll enjoy if you have any kind of problems, you'll enjoy a priority same day service and 10% off a needed repairs to all of this. All of these things are just 110 bucks a year. So whether you choose the two-speed and fit into the system of pure on or make damn sure you have peace of mind all your long with the Comfort Club either way, make the smart choice to stay cool and comfortable the Royce choice. And one going to tell you man, it's already it's summer time in South Florida. I'm looking at those temperatures man and you just wait and wait and see nothing yet. Call Royce Aaron Heat toll free and tell me that old Neil told you to call 1-800-377-0075. 1-800-377-0075. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-16-16. And pay Jesus your son on 10-29-2833. 5-16-16-17 crane talk he brought today is a networking virus for using a human motorbikes sauce. The road凵 encroaching him and say to the image I have no other way to watch that thing, but I can see the people who are issuing me a check. No matter how I'm balancing I sound. Now, over the other, make this world world. I'll show you how it's worth. First thing we do, in turn you have a monitor piece of the focus. Only other thing that matters most important in life. For it, they won't only talk about Luca, but we're bombasting anybody in Nevada. Forering, let's talk about Facebook, Facebook, Facebook. Well, what a game! Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You're already ready. Yes, Mr. Wee. Oh, just call me Greg. Yeah, I'm just a consultant now. Okay, who are doing one? Why? I'm gonna do an important thing, Terry. And now look, why don't you lean on that call button? Hmm. So that's what I do that? Why sure. I'm consulting you. Okay. That's what it's like. That's what it's like. It's like everyone's life. Not that's what it's gay. If we define gayness, what did white the big of you and then the back of the Western club? When men went to see I don't fly. And then they're very, very quiet. I think they can't do it. But then they told me about Luca's question there. Well, I'm buying them my pie. Here. Yeah. Huh. Eh. Uh. What are you gonna do about it? They know I know they can't do that. Yeah. That's what I'm buying me. I can't. Come on. Let's do my business. Wait, who? I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. Why not let anybody set a pipe, huh? I think you're way. Right. So anyway, I'm changing the pool. I just thanks the new one to Eric. Okay. I know we've done this before and not that long ago either. But I just, I don't know. See these numbers come up and just, you know, it's called self preservation. What's your take on the Hank Neocross over a 10? That's the new pool. Here are the choices. Maybe I'll let something out. How about I hate this pool? What we can add on after Eric puts this in the baby. I'm sure I could let it up there fast and you can shake a lamb's tail. Get rid of it. I hate it. Love it. Don't stop. It's getting ponderous. Started at 9.50 until 10. It's okay. Or I don't listen to it. Those are mine. So throughout that I do pool man. That's what I heard. That's what I heard. That's what I heard. Expertise. I'm the pool man. Here here you don't tease either. Right. Speaking of pink. So anyway, that's the new pool. We're getting it. And now here's the last thing on the other one. 1843 votes. Southman. What one word is the worst thing you can call someone other than Joyce words. Okay. And of course we know the Joyce words like see you next time. Like that. That's bad. Enjoy. Or if you see K. A whole 152. Republican 121. Coward 119. Fag 96. Do Ferry. Float 59. Retarded 47. Hypocrat 32. More on 32. Bitch. Bitch. Saffroning is in. Bitch 28. Shock 25. Cow 28. Keeps K20. Poor 18. Pig 18. Pansy 13. Puzz 12. Tub 11. What a tub. 12. 11. Gross 4. Slav 3. And geek 2. What about a gross Slav geek? What about a gross Slav Pansy geek? Oh that's a word. See we put it in the mixed and man. That's what we put to that. I'm making a part in. Is that how you do it? So I'm sure that Eric is working on it right now. Let's see if he's got it or not. Yeah. Not quite. I don't think he'd be that fast. Or is I put some in there. So there's a fact that says I love your show and I like Hank show. I love your show and I like Hank show. See that? I know it's even the small v. My new show. Like Bob Rene is the only one who's worried about the my new show. But I find the cross over to be ponderous. Maybe we need to do a poll about people's opinion across the road. We did one some while. I'm not that long ago. But what's wrong with this? We keep it on our all weekend and Monday morning. We'll look at it and decide whether we want to do it anymore. I mean we don't want to like hurt Hank's feelings or something. But the bottom line is, you know, this is a business. This is not a fraternity. But that's where you're wrong. It's a sports bar with a microphone. I'm sorry. Like I said. So yeah, it would be one thing. You're taking a sparing first. Yeah, it's not personal business. But we'll see. We'll see what happens if and when Eric gets this. And when, of course, it's going to take a few minutes because I just, Just thanks to nothing. We'll take him a second or two. You know how fast he is. WDQAM. Hello. Yo, you got a good. Yes sir. For the poll. Creepy. Creepy. Yeah, I'll be like he's being called creepy. Oh, you mean for that? Well, that pulls over with. And now I don't understand. Do you understand? No. The other pull is done. I just got through reading the final result. I said we're putting up a new pull in his guy's calling it. I mean, I don't want to say, and you notice recently, one thing I've stopped doing, and I'm very proud of myself for doing it. I stopped doing the building pulls. I don't know. Oh, no, listen to me. Even the lunatics. I would rather hear than hear. Oh, I got one for the pull. No, no, no, you don't. I just, I can't handle it anymore. To me, that's not to an array of show. That's just, that's just crap. Pure on a delivery of crap is what it is. Hey, I mean, I got one here pull. I mean, I'm not saying, well, never do those again, but, you know, like when there will be pull or something, but I just, I don't like it. I don't want to study like it. No, I hate it. All right, because it's four hours of, I don't want to try to pull a lot of good. Okay, send us a telegram. Go to Western Union. Get lost. W2AM, hello. You're Western. Anybody, by the way, don't send telegrams anymore. They only you wire money now. Did you know that? I did not. Well, I didn't. You're right. What is it? It's all for me. It's what he said. Yes. I'm not going to ask you where it's from. I just made it from Tony's. It's okay. W2AM, hello. You know what's going on in? Yes, sir. Hey, I just get in a little while, guys. You kind of talk about the ratings being a little down this, this, whatever book. A little down. Well, listen, let me just tell you one thing, and there's a big problem. It has nothing to do with you or your, the programming. You're, I know you know that you're signal is so horrible. I work in bulk and now, unfortunately, and I can be driving down the road and the power line just make your station town horrible. And believe it or not, if I turn over to 790, it's all the sun that's like crystal clear. I mean, why, what is up with that station? I know you have no. Let me ask you this, if the signal is the difference, I mean, they did even worse than we did. I mean, they just sucked with it. They lied. I didn't hear their numbers, and I'm not saying, but their signal is so much better. It pisses me off because I listen to you for like 17 years now, and it's like, I don't understand what that station, what their problem is. I mean, they're in the department. I think it's on the same level that our sales department, you know, they can't complain about their job because they're not doing one. You know, of course they would say, oh, well, we got to fix kids, so we got to know, they just, they suck. The reason you're God is because I cannot understand how you've been putting up with this for seven for your whole career. Practically. Let me tell you this. Okay, can I answer your question? Yep. I'm serious. That's called the answer is the 10th and the 25th at very month. That's the bad. I hear you. And if I was in your opinion, a lot, a lot of money. I didn't even think that that the industry that you're in, it's like, then like, you have their whole career. You got to put up a frustration. Like, I would garbage with Mickey Mouse with amateur hour people. You're right. It is frustrating. But you know, I mean, money. I, I, I think they like you here. You bet honestly. I know you've five seven before they try like to hear that on the air. Yeah, evidently. All right, man. We'll take care. Thanks for the amendment. All right. Now, I'm in fun. Now, you know, I'm going to get a early tomorrow morning. Going out to a with buying and maybe lose a little bit. I'll be winning. You don't know. See, I don't go there to win. I go there hoping to win. But I go there just have some little bit of fun. You know, little diversion and perversion, whatever. That's all. It's a fun. It's a fun thing. I enjoy it. I'm not going to deny it. It's a fun hobby. I would all this troll partly crap. How much money have you lost in gambling? Yeah. It's on George's head. You were out of the room now this morning before the show. This is the new thing now. The, what was, which golf was it? It was a drunk. It was daily. Yeah. The drunk. Oh, yeah. John daily who's also got a drinking problem. What was it 12 to 20 million dollars? He was dead. 50 to 60 million. Well, was it 50 to 60? Well, that's what he said. He also said that. Right. And then the one of the surcharles was doing an interview or something. Said he had a gambling problem. He doesn't believe him. He said probably more like 20 million. Yeah. That was just before he spitting that little girl's face. He said that again. Charles Barkley. We'll class you guy. Well, you know, something, everything is relative. You know what I mean? I don't lose any money that in any way is going to change my life. You follow what I'm saying. And if I ever did, I would first of all assume I had a problem. And secondly, I would either go see a couple. I would just stop going. I don't do that. I do see many people out there that who have no business being there day after day. And they're losing a lot of money. I'm talking about slipper. People that look like, they make me look like a fashion plate. You know what I mean? People look like they've been sleeping in the dumpster and smell even worse. And that's sad. It's very sad. But you know what? That's, that's their problem. I'm not hearing the world to be for anybody who changed their life or like helped them out of their desperate plight. You know, I'm doing the best I can. That's all. And if my girls would ever open back up, see there's nothing worse than the big teasey year when you have this sort of congestion thing. And I'm pretty sure now it is allergies. You want to know why? Why? Because it comes in goes like that. With the flu or cold, you know, we've all been through it a million times. You don't want to start clearing up and there's a certain progression against you. Uh-huh. But when it's allergies, it just kind of like lingers and lingers and lingers. And of course next on Monday, they're finally going to get the AC on an isk building. I mean, it is so hot in here right now is boiling. And the only you say, well, I'm hoping to win though. The reason I want to open a window is I found when you open the windows, then all the crap, the bad air from outside comes in. It's worse. Right? You don't want to say it? I do. Because right now, up north, it's, uh, it's budding time. It's bud time. I'm sure Josh likes hearing it. All the leaves, the trees are budding and everything. And they're releasing all that crap. The allergy, I think I think it's birch and what's the other one? Birch and, uh, almas and, I don't know. Whatever the hell it is, it's very high now. Kind of like, uh, curtobin. Not quite that high, but it's very high. I think he's don't low. He's on the deal. What? I'm telling you, when you, when you see that, you're just, you're going to wonder, what is this? What? A little bit of weight. Late at night when I'm all blue, right? Then I'm going to get high as a kite. Then I'm going to watch it. Okay. That's the only way you're leaving enjoy it. And you can relate to it. 1243 a QAM. Hey, what's the worst thing you ever did growing up that you drove your mom nuts? Why don't make up for this mother's day? Let it know you turned out okay. And send her an original Vermont teddy bear. Should receive a beautiful bear made in Vermont. Liberty or Homer work with a free card and gourmet carmels in a colorful gift box. gourmet carmels. You can only work as a carmels. You can only get them by calling your friendly bear counselor toll free at 1-800-829. Or, by shopping online at Vermont teddy bear.com. Now, I hope you take a little bear just for your mom or wife like to nurse to teach you the businessman a gardening bear. So she'll know you put some real thought in your gift for least she'll think that. Anyway, they even have a fun new bear called the bear foot and pregnant bear for those moms to be. Check out the new all-American mom dressed in the patriotic centrist holding an apple pie. And in fact, maybe they even got one with a pucky pie. And for our new mom's boys at their send the mom's boys bear with a heart-shaped mom tad-two on his arm. And dads, it's your job to give you a wife a gift from the kids and the mother and come said is always a great idea for you. And as many crepes as needed to them, brought your kid's names right in the outfits. It's a cute thing to do. Or, tell your wife you think she's still a hottie and said the yummy mommy bear dressed in lingerie even if she smells like, you know what? Saying you're her mom teddy bear is so much more personal and fun than flowers and Vermont teddy bears are guaranteed for life. You can even deliver her apparently orifice if you can brag about you to her co-workers too and they'll think you're a real munch. We're like magic every time. Over night delivery to a home or work is guaranteed so call 1-800-829-bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. Mother's Day is a week from a Sunday. It's coming soon. Send a creative alternative to flowers from Mother's Day 1-800-829-B-E-A-R. Be sure to tell them that old meal totally decro. This is meal rotters. This is 5.16-8. America loves to watch boobs and butts and boi things. I hear the voices. I'm a small voice and still fighting. He's here. He killed all the homeless yet. We need their soul. Right now. Very well. We heard you were left with your dead back in. We're going to call for a regular R&B. Who's the best rider? I'm the best rider. R&B was the good, isn't he? Don R&B is doing a fine job. And a star like the idea of always a plot-facus. Yeah, that's a city in Sydney. And we're going to call for everyone who lives there just now. Hey, hot. Where's the Virgin Mary? Who's being born and said with some worried threat? She makes great sandwiches. She has a big God. She's been using three old and old in 38. It's not that nice. Fireballs. It's for a boy. Is that you? Very bold, really. That's a nice move. It looks like a dog today. Fireballs. These are a lot of different signs. I'm the designer. I'm the designer. I'm the designer. I'm the designer. I'm the designer. I'm the designer. I'm the designer. I'm the designer. I'm the designer. So 49. That's our specialty at QAM. Voices. Mostly bad ones. Anyway, I don't think Eric is either got the message or got my pull-migrant should face it to him again. Did he get any response? Any acknowledgment? Or maybe he's been eating four or five lunches now? You got nothing? No, look at that. There's nothing to switch on. I guess we caught him off guard, maybe. Because usually when I change like that, he gets it on their pronto man. Fasten, you can say drop the burrito. Well, it is lunchtime. You better send it. Is he in the chat room at least? I just chatted in there, too. Yeah. And tell him, switch the pole, damn it. Jesus. God, it's just like the guy said before. First rating. Angry conservatives are driving me approval ratings of President Bush in the GOP like Congress. The Dismal New Loads. Oh, that sounds like our numbers. According to an AP ifsos pulled out under scores by Republicans fear of election day massacre. Six months out, the intensity of opposition to Bush and Congress is risen sharply. A lot of the percentage of Americans believe the nation is on the wrong track man. We're supposed to be in a hazel park and we're at Northfield down. We're a Jackson looking for action in Jackson with parents, A.ought and Gerald Bansfield. The AP ifsos pull also suggest that Democratic voters are far more motivated than Republicans. Alexis and Whitey Anne Spaw. The Russians in the middle of a president's term traditionally favored the party whose court supporters had the most energized. This week survey of a thousand adults including the interim and 65 registered voters found. Just 33% of the public approves of Bush's job performance, the lowest of his presidency in this poll. Just the fourth of the public approves of the job Congress is doing a new low in AP ifsos pulling. And down five points since last month, a whopping 65% of conservatives conservatives disperber Congress. And majority of Americans say that Democrats instead of Republicans are going to hold Congress 51 to 34%. Even 31% of conservatives want to be Republicans out of power or her whole man. The sowing of the nation's mood is accelerated the past few months with the new percentage of people describing the nation on the wrong track rising. 12 points to know a new high of 73% six out of 10 conservatives say America is headed to wrong direction. And Republicans strategy said the party stands to lose control of Congress unless the environment changes unexpectedly. They're referring in election day massacre a blood band. I thought the blood mass was already going on in Iraq. So that's what was going on. The air if we respond to you as you call them off garden he's typing as you know is fingers on. I know Eric and believe me ordinarily if he was paying any attention to not this. That's right. That's just challenge out. Look at that. There it is. You're the best air if you you demand he's good. Why do you rip by George V. Good guy. Fat. But then the fat people are the good people and the fat people are the dead people. Oh no wait a minute. I thought he had it on there and I clicked it but he don't have it put together yet. So I'll just I'll wait. Oh I didn't think I don't know. But I know how that's going to work because I switched it and oh well he's going to have to do it. I don't know. I'll do something because I hit the button and nothing happened. It says there's no politics moments and it means it's in progress. I don't know how he does if I'm sure he's a one now. I mean I told him to switch it as soon as he's got it. I guess what you're whenever you're ready fat so I mean. Here's a fact that says that what is this. Elvis Durran. Oh my god. It's not open and Anthony at all. Elvis Durran that is 1100 mornings who are heading south. The morning anchor for clear channel mainstream top 40 WHTZ New York will begin Sinal casting on sister top 40 WHTZ New York. Who is retiring? In Miami the show will be called the Elvis Durran in the WHTZ New York. Featuring Carolina Bermuda is who was a cast member of Fully Show in 2004. Before she moved to Z100. Sheep channel regional advice president of programming. In Miami Dave Denver said to release Elvis is a legend in New York and we are excited to join us and bring Carolina back with him. Durran added New York and Miami the two most international cities in America. We're launching the show because many similarities in culture exist. We are both our Gantuan hubs for the entertainment industry and pop culture so as an natural fit. Durran and his Z100 team also comprising John Bell. Oh we got a bill. Then young or monaro and great tea the fret boy will frequently broadcast from the while 100 studios. What? There's no way we can open an Anthony. There's an opening for us man. We can open an Anthony. We can move the license by the first weekend. There's an opening for us. We can bring in the Vanjo figures. Vanjo boy group. Well from the West Coast. See I don't know what to do now. I told him to switch it when he's got it ready. And he said well you apparently when you tried to switch it and it wasn't. He wasn't. It's switched to you know it's said the question is there but the options are not. Well apparently you messed him up in the most severe way by doing that and now he's got to start over. Okay. 560. 560. 560. 560. The right thing in the Robocynce. He's not being quite a second because some people think when the other choice was on there I switched it. Because it looked like it was ready to go. Oh was it? It wasn't. It wasn't ready to go. But you know what to do. What do you do? Well that's what I was hoping for. I like to do that. It's always a lot of fun. How many QAM hello? Danielle. Yes sir. I'm sorry if I mentioned earlier I've been on the FSOA. Robert Sherry was on C-FAM the other day we haven't opened anybody's to the podium. No. They had a round table to get discussion about you know mission accomplished. And the funny thing about it he was talking about was they couldn't get any conservative columnist to get in on it. The year's fire that they would come along with it. Right. And they said that they don't even want to talk about it even. They are all running the other direction man. They're all running like there's a fire in the house. They're running like it was a fire in the house. And he's got a good point. Just plain victory and put your troops on a plane and leave. And because now the discussion is well how are you going to get out. Well that's it. 11 more dead American soldiers this week. 24 15 and the public is worried about you know. Right. And the reality and the reality. Okay. Thanks, Bally. And we love Robert. Our admin of his com said of course he was too liberal for the LA times so they can't Reset but now he shows up everywhere. Nice going Bobbie. Fan system, mark a man's really a very sad and sad situation. And then American dollar is dropped. I don't even want to look. I may have a relapse. And look and see how low it is. The euro keeps going up every single damn day now. 127 was 117 a few weeks ago. I'm just looking. I'm just looking yeah one twenty seven and a third now even a little bit more air every day it keeps going up the pound the British pound is one eighty six it was one seventy eight about two weeks ago and oh I feel not so good the Canadian Lune is now to ninety forty three ninety dollar ninety cent point forty three now almost ninety and a half oh man thank you Mr. President for the useless American dollar for those low gas prices for all those debt Americans in Iraq always that Iraq is an Iraq for all those gay kids are getting shot and filled in Iraq for everybody all the other for all your buddies van our bush for the great job you know some of your mama and uh... zarkawi who may be able to shoot straight pretty still alive and all the mobile Omar all the other uh... go and just uh... just pathetic take you to great job also in the world in zaptor Katrina fabulous job man heck of a job job shmucked okay so all in there is a totally just relax okay you get so man you never gonna make it to light the end of the year if you don't cut the crap near the day what's your take on the hanged the across over ten this is a repeat poll and it's just intermediate that we had almost done her votes in the first one of the let's see i don't know what to say how long would you start at nine fifty that i'm telling the not gonna do that we already got seventeen votes how to hold a dad happened Valentine's oth Every club this time promising hold and balance when it's your hour. The opinions expressed by the host guest or colors are not necessarily those of the host guest or colors. The thoughts of Bill one day, I wish I had a fancy silver-y ride, I'd rather have six days of night from down the grind, more gas, more tight, cross-eyed. I can't just get things in anymore, they'll have to fill the sink in my verse, that do raise extra cash, so my body or start feeling as shall go. And be care for moving to the bars and know the sourcing, girl shot at the bar, the top end on your must be Donald Trump. I wish I had a fancy silver-y ride, my past, oh, hey, stay still, the night is broke down, the grind, more cash, oh, try, drop down. A soda living hell, wish I had my whole life, as the girl took the road, gave me baby, auction, my children's party day, they have to sell my food, why are these bar, more things, oh, how stuff are, why these are all five times, because the reform, try to see it on gas. Rhymes with, right, one or two others that denabash, oh, I hate her, man. The trunk and head on CNN, I don't usually hate real loosely, but in her case, I'll make an exception. Boy, she just gives me, I think a lot of people on a can't stand. She's got that buggy guys from Mrs. Limbaugh to Phillips to Wolfless Creek to all of a sudden, go ahead, go ahead, 47 votes on a poll, I'm the new poll, I'm a crossover poll. And what can I ask you a question, why are they making such a big sum of about the pack for Kennedy traffic? I think does he that, can't it? Oh, do you really care about it? No, I mean, I don't care. I don't care. But he is so boring, man. He is so, he doesn't have, first of all, he even looked like a Kennedy, he's speaking to me, okay? Now, he don't talk like he, he's boring. 47 votes, what's your take on a crossover? I love it, don't stop 17, start at 9.30, do it until 10.14. It's just, just not going to happen, it's not the way they start, they can't take their breaks on time. They just don't do it. Get rid of it, I hate it. 6, it's okay, 5. I don't listen to it, 3, it's getting ponderous, solvented dose, do I? Cuban mafia leader, please, guilty during federal trial, cause in Miguel, battle senior, El Padrino of the Cuban, oh, El Padrino. Now, we've got an Italian, we've got El Padrino, which is in a random way, like, oh, I can't wait to stop again, and I love it. Boy, you're fair, you're fair, you're fair, you're fair, you're fair, you're fair, you're fair, you're fair, you're fair, you're fair, you're fair, you're fair, now, we've been through this before, I still say, I know it's not, but it sounds like when Anthony was singing in the mess song, and they were in the, but it's not. They were in that bar, or restaurant, whatever was in Italy, and Satelli, and he was singing to Michael, you know, he was playing the manduline, El manduline, Anthony Junior, Anthony, great, Anthony Junior, yeah, always the opera singer, yeah, well, he was playing the, worst of families. Let's see, he's playing guilty in the middle of his mind, we're racketeering crowd because of failing health, but it's definitely Cuban American godfather, why did no godfather? 706 will live long, and that's the serve anytime in prison. He's just very sick as it turned eject, and lumenfield said late yesterday, this way he can die at home instead of in jail. The elder battle, the babe pigs, better needs a wheelchair, and suffers from kidney and liver failure, die at BBs and cardiac problems. And it's trying he was the boss of the corporation, a Cuban American crams syndicate that stretch, from Florida to New York to Latin America. In a federal, conspiracy case, battle is done, Jose Miguel, battle Junior, our shit said when the day last, they should have said Joe Marston, damn it. And for other defendants, were accused of the five-permeditated murders for our son's tax resulting in eight deaths, and more than $1.5 billion collected from four decades of illicit activities, including drug trafficking, illegal bookmaking, and boy, the number is rackets. Battle who's still in custody of the Miami federal detention, said it will soon be released on million-dollar personal sure-ready bond. He thinks little thought of his brother's name, Miami area. His sentence could be held in late summer, depending on what time he lives that long. He faces from 20 years to life in prison, on the racketeering conspiracy conviction. Battle's organization began in the orphanage of the 60s, the illegal gambling, including the bullies, or little ball, lot of ways popular in Cuba, and they like little balls in Cuba. The corporation used arson and murdered to intimidate that fact, that's probably why alien is so popular. The corporation used arson and murdered to intimidate or eliminate rivals, and they put an end to the fact that he's not the threat such as witnesses winning the testifying against the organization, according to federal prosecutor Toni Gonzalez. 13 of battles accused of associates have already pleaded guilty. Six others were going to throw away the day. He's the Cuban Negod father. I prefer having rock myself. I thought he was brilliant. And the way he kept, what would he have as sound he made? That was his name, Lee Strasper, Strasper from the, it's at least Strasper's school of acting in the Europe, which goes to show you those who can they do it, and those who can't they teach. Or Jack or Kirsner by the way, was they'll profess the way I don't know you. And it just can't be accurate. I don't think I'd die. Why do you make that stuff up for you? You're in, you know, one of your mothers, why are you like, saying stuff when you don't know what the truth is. Well, what is the truth? Of course, as usual, that's pretty sure that's what happened. Why he died? That's what I heard, pretty sure. That's when you heard where. He died? But people who do have people who called up and said, hey, you know, and I told you that at the time, but I know that it seeps through your brain anymore. It's probably was all that good water that's so lay water, I used to bring him by the case. Probably. He loved it from a different point. And because those days man, whatever happened in that guy, used to bring us to so many, that was not a bad one. You're not here to drink it anymore. No, no, you forgot he, I know him, I'm not long before I went to the company in this net, but that's what it's about, is when you, uh, let's turn. Another one's he just want to give you a, I'm not going to, I'm going to, Partly to come and explore it on aAustralia channel, he took us and bring us a little like a little tiny square of ham with like a little thing on it and a bird egg. It's good to think it was at a lizard. And I know like that, but the little square of ham, we've like trying to chew a rubber band or you're impossible. I don't take rubber band man to get all that. I love that song. We took 73 votes. Wow, well wait till we get the, but let's see. So we did, let's say on the other one we did 80, I think was the final before Eric finally got around to catch an up with me. So that means, oh, well, we're going to have our 1000-day total during the show. We got to meet. See, this is a way to do it. Maybe we're getting bored with that other one about the allows nasty words and call people fat, slabs and stuff like that. Not a cone. We should have put that on there. Not a cone. It's probably we didn't. And boog out our own. That's really low. That's what Oprah said. That means you like boogers. Yeah. Five cents. Somebody spends a lot of time picking it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five, six in the Verizon Sigotterwattless line. WQAM. Hello. I didn't ask. Who gave you? WQAM. I'm going to mail. By the way, Mark that down. Kill Woody this year. Mark that down. Thanks to Duelist. QAM, yes. Happy Friday to you. Back to you. I'm the semi-chronic who will cost a little bit of a, of a rug just when I said that at least 40-50% of a meal, Rogers audience or who will you remember? Yeah. Okay. And I still hear you. It's not true. In fact, when more of the numbers come in from this last book, I may be the beginning of the week. We can get the, the ethnic breakdown. I don't, I don't believe it. It'll be a lot of it. A lot of these who lose is still in the closet. No, I know that. You know, if you're a son of a good, it's not cool to say you're living for liberal fairies. Thank you all around. Yeah, exactly. But I don't have much to say today, so I'm going to fit in perfectly with the rest of the college. But if you're not doing it, don't, don't, don't. Don't stir the pot anymore, man. George, if we weren't happy to smoke it for, but don't stir it for us. George was right. Leastrogs, straws were good. That is correct. That's how it went. Okay, thanks to me, girl. Who's much more stressed here? I'll stick here to me this and go away. Don't help me. Now, at least we know we're not so good. The last thing you said in the movie was, I'm dying on the hair. Wait, I can't. Just a retired investor living on a pension, okay? That's right. So why they kicked them out of Israel. That's why, uh, and the king. That's why they used to enjoy them on the beach all the time. It was walking his little dog and Colin Zavano. Wonder if he ever watched his little dog fight that houseboat where Andrew Koonan and finally met his last moments. DC, the baby. He followed that he's had. Yeah, it was on. That's right. That's right. We got an oxenet off on eBay that pillow that Andrew Koonan and shot himself through. Chut his face off with. That was pretty tough to find him, you know. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. That was some really good police work. They only used his real passport and his real name at the pawn shop. But it was difficult. And he was also walking around. Was it a, was it a subway? Was it a subway? Was some sandwich shop? Remember where the guy saw him? Yeah, I don't know what it was. Let's see, it wouldn't be as fresh in your mind because I saw the, I think I'm biography. I'd say that's a great channel. Mm-hmm. The biography channel. I mean, I guess, I think that's by our, you know, it's interesting. Even the Bobby, there are things which I, you know, I don't watch that many of them. But I thought I would not watch that one. And once they turned it on, I couldn't turn it on. It was pretty interesting. Especially finding out that Sandra D, she was the alcoholic, not Bobby Dern. It's always some bitch in the, you know, she always to ruin every guy's life. There's always some nasty bitch that comes on. I mean, that sounds like a very sexist thing. But you know, it's true. It comes along to destroy his life and make it a living hell. 83 votes. What's your, what's your, what's your take on the Hague Neocrot? And it's like, remember in Godfather 3, the line when, when, Who was it that brought the men? The body guards. Who was it? The drugs. Oh, Vincent. Okay. Vincent brought into the body guards. We're a good looking guy. And Connie looks at him and he introduces them and they walk out. And she says to Vincent, are they as good as they look? Oh, no. Now, what? Yeah, I don't remember that line. Yeah, I do. Well, I, now this can, I, this is a terrible thing to admit. But you're on a old tag and say, I walk at many times. Like I'm going to shopping more, I'm walking on the street. I yesterday was walking to the store to get my Taco Bell. And there's a young couple, like I would say, Tony isher and man. I mean, seriously, she was okay. She went bad luck. But he was a thousand times prettier in she was. He was a good looking guy. And I, I felt, I wanted to stop her in the street and say, Is he as good as he looks? But that would have been very bad. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's super, super note. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Is he as good as he looks and is he available this weekend? Be sure. Oh, any three votes. That's bad. But that, that's the kind of stuff that goes to your mind, of course. What is the, um, woman with another banner? The woman, and I heckling, um, rungs, though, that was she was good. I made two. You got another red one. You got another red one. You got another red one. You got another red one. You got a pretty, you'll go hunting and they dragged her out of there. Like some kind of a criminal, you know. Amy's being both. I love it that crossover don't stop. Twenty seven. Started at nine fifty dudes till 10, 20. It's okay. Fifty, sixteen. Get rid of it. I hated 10. And we'll listen to it six. It's getting ponderous for so far. Pretty overwhelming endorsement. They like it. So, instead of what you're doing. What's that? You tell me. Thank you for calling the Pyramania caught light. Oh, I don't know. I'm just getting all worked up here. Well, get ready for the weekend. I was thinking to get it by the sea as good as he looks. One fourteen, speaking of the weekend, by the way, I've said a great place to take everybody and that's the melting pot. They're all over town. And I can remember years and years ago, and I started talking about the melting pot. And it was very, very good. But they didn't have anywhere near the variety of great stuff they have right now. Find it was more than just a meal. It's a memorable, for course, dining experience at the melting pot. Where you can dip into some delicious and amazing things. Enjoy a variety of unique countries and special melting pot dipping sauces. It's like, not going out just out for a meal. It's like going out for an event. Like the Olympics. Imagine starting dinner with a melting pot. It's around cheese, fine do, served with three different breads. Granny Smith, apples and crisp veggies. And you're dipping and dunking and enjoying the stuff as dripping down your chin. Make even some of that pepperoni juice. Next, your choice is salads all at a melting pot so made dressings. I'm praising food lobster, filet mignon, shrimp, kajan season chicken pork, portable Oshroom is duck and lots more cooked in oil or broth. And the melting pot dipping sauces are really something to die for and for dessert. The chocolate fondue is unlike anything you've ever had in your life. If you're all your fruits in there, man, fresh strawberries, banana, pineapple, God. Cheesecake brownies topped off with tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed Oreos and grim crackers. See the thing about the melting pot is there's so many restaurants that are very much like, you know, cookie cutter restaurants. It's like all the other ones. Melting pot totally unique. And don't forget with Mother's Day come up a week from this Sunday. Be sure and take Mama to the melting pot because all the smart minds of the melting pot. So don't get left out, call and make your reservations for Mother's Day, May 14 at a melting pot near by you today. And really, sweet mom to a great feast. You find a melting pot in Fort Lauderdale, Pearl Springs, Book of Retone, Campbell, Cooper City and prestigious North Miami Beach. The beach of the sea is Neil Rogers. This is by 16 Tuesday. Go Roger, time. Just too young to go home. Ever made in no home. Up here is the feeding a strip of garden trouble with us all. Now they wish they were fallen. Watch an occurrence. I enter hills. We'll prove they're innocent. No, we're their lawyers probably will. They can never leave. Through the court roll now. They had a little more form than the campus will have. Just too young to go home. From the Duper Cross King. Make sure you got out of hand. Now all over the land. They got their place on TV. I guess that's out of good time for any dukes. You know, Duke University, Duke Cunningham, the Duke is dead. And he died with the 40 pounds of impacted wealth. Cops say Kennedy was under influence. I don't care about the story neither you. But everybody else is all they're going to do about it. Here's the official capital health police report on yesterday's early morning crash involving a destroyer and representative of Patrick Kennedy. According to the police, the Rhode Island Democrat in Son of Senator Ted Kennedy appeared on steady on his feet. Had red and watery eyes, had slightly slurred speech upon exibing his forward Mustang after crashing the vehicle into a barricade near Capitol Hill. The reporting officer checked off a box indicating that Kennedy was under the influence of alcohol and the public systems ability was impaired. Kennedy 39 is denied that alcohol was involved in the 245 AM accident. Cleming and said he was left a story and it's by react to the prescription drugs AB in a sleep aid and Fender John Fender Guy. I don't know what that is. And he hits to me. I think that's what I need. And he hits to me. You think? Or is some of the kind of an allergy, yall arrest, uh, something. Both drugs carry warnings that goose taking a conjunction with the medications of increased grabs innocent business following the accident, Kennedy was driven home by the police who denied a minister any field sobriety test of the extreme congressman. See that's bad. Yeah. And then who's a copy of the rest report that which still really seems much of anything. I'm looking for the box that they chew. Oh yeah. Is, uh, I don't see it. And I don't want to see it. So there you go. And look at the video. Here's a fact that's more important than that. It says it was Miami subs on Collins and the 50th. Thank you very much. It is absolutely correct. I remember it now. That was where Andrew Koonen was spotted at the Miami sub and they duck-complexed employee there said, that's a guy we seen on TV on America's most wanted. And that'sipped off the cops and that was one of the first sightings I guess from Miami because they were oblivious. And they said, hey, Johnny, are they? And they could have saved some lives there but then again I would have been too easy. Oh, they were just fake it anyway. Most of them. Nah, there you go. Johnny used to sit up there on the balcony up with the dimension there. Spodding different to height young numbers after in a beach and, you know, go get that one. Go get that. That's what they said anyway. Yeah. Johnny. That's what they say. I don't know my mother always say. They say so many things, you know. Just like Bobby Darren being a drunk. He went in a drunk yet a bad heart. See the poor guy loan comes from slack for a burger. 114 votes. Our goal is 115. Well, this is our second poll. Okay. So, second. 116. See that? They're coming in like a little chunks now. Oh, man. Tasty. That was a really good idea. I don't want to get in the habit of doing that though with the, I'm a Taco Bell on the, I don't know why. You should wear anything else. No, that's true. When I don't know where it out. Just like that crossover on the final nail biting day, this a bad news man on the final nail biting day. The lawn making session. Of thud. Marlins again are watching their dreams for state. plan gets battled back and forth and games are procedural one-upsmanship. It wasn't supposed to be this way, so Mark, Caputal, Emory, Alon, Clients, and the Aherald. After six years of fighting to win the subsidy, the Marlon Tobsville looked at unexpectedly Wednesday night when they three-by-me-day senators sprung to plans suddenly for the 60 minute out of tax steps to the underc allies. Imagine to collect enough votes to attack the planet away must pass bill for influential central Florida lawmakers who want the same subsidy for the Orlando Magic. Aha, that would be tragic if they didn't get it for the magic. But upon the struck back yesterday, Senator Mike Fassano of Tampa, Structi Orlando, Alon Magic, Subsyllian, his own bill, one that was millions to be served as several spring training facilities and passed it out of the Senate. That means the Magic Marlon's bill no longer has to pass to save the Magic Steel. So it's on the agenda today to last the 60 day law making session waiting for a vote. Over in the House, which is far more receptive to the Marlon's, members started reviewing ways to get the plan to the Senate or Senate President Tom Lee who killed the Senate he last year would have a harder time stopping it. We have 22 votes here and if the Senate President votes for it, we have 23. Senator LSD as the La Portia. Yeah, they La Portia. That name is just the, it's even longer than my last name. It's just too long. That is it, like, three words? Yes, see. Certainly this is the best shot for the Marlon's and that they've had in years. The measure needs 21 votes to pass to 40 members soon. I looked for it like an update and don't see it yet. You see what you see? They come running and say, Marlon's got the stadium. They got the money if they come in there. Oh, sorry. So see, that would be bad news because QA and we ought to be whole out of our how much longer our contract is with the Marlon organization, but they ought to be praying that they would leave tomorrow. Because then we would have to broadcast the games in where we save a lot of money. Then they can give you guys a really big race. Right. That's what they do. Lee who said the 10th of a lightning hockey team is now approached to get the subsidy. Wouldn't say much about the Marlon Planix, except they expressed some reservations. I heard some things that were a little disturbing to me that to maybe an effort to hold the screen training bill, which of course is very different than the Marlon's bill hostage. The house may put the Marlon's issue on the screen training bill, saying it back, respect the laughing that would be bad for him. He said, fat ass governor, jab bush, who's over the years, votes supported and killed the Marlon's pitch to win state money to build a retractable stadium in mind. He said he will keep an open mind as long as there is local financial support to make it happen. And he probably has some devious plans to screw it up no matter what happens. That's him. He's always got devious plans. One of the most low down obnoxious discussion surrounded by a bunch of low down obnoxious discussing the cretons. That's your fan as governor, who's still wildly popular in Florida though, which goes to show you what a bunch of mud ones we got. Oh, it's speaking to that. Where's that story I got in the family is scrubbing for Kirby Pucket's ashes by we see that to Jeff? No. He's scrubble about that. And Limbaude denies the rest on his video. Show was of course he was arrested. Ultra sound fan had been, see, I had all this important stuff here. Oh, here it is. Now even though we know the George Bush didn't win Florida in 2000, right? The Washington Post Richard Moran writes, we report you decide. Does President Bush always controversial win in 2000. The Fox cable television news? Yes. So, yes, they collected by two economists who found that the growth of Fox cable news that were in late 1990s may have significantly boosted the Republican Party share the vote in 2000 and delivered Florida to Bush. Our estimates imply that Fox news can mince three to eight percent of its audience to shift its vote and be here to the Republican Party. A size of all media persuasion efforts said, Stefan O'Dell of Vigna, for Santa Rosa, says, Stefan O'Dell of the J. Vigna, of the University of California, at Berkeley and Ethan Kaplan of Stockholm University. And Florida low, may estimate the Fox effect may produce more than 10,000 additional votes for Bush. Florida decides to back to the state he carried supposedly by fewer than 600 votes. How do you like that? We experiment you decide if people apply to look a litmus test to the news. Yes, it is to be sold to the ladies online experiment by the Washington Post. The test found Republicans prefer to get their news from Fox. Even when the news stories were about sub-dais far removed from politics as it supports a travel because their ideologues, man, they're one dimensional. They're like the Russia's man, the Dittohead, Samuel Crave, they just wanted to have the same garbage repeated over and over again. Just tell me what I want to hear. Just kind of like the occarbell man mentality. He'll tell you any crap you want to hear, like Howard Bill said. Remember that? But it's sad, it's very sad, but to weeks is all you have effected Josh didn't like that movie because it's so great and it's just undeniable. It's beyond belief, it's so good. Listen to me, television is not the truth. So turn off your television, and say, turn them off, right in the middle of the set. Ha ha ha ha ha. Well, he had some busy spells. Well, my ear just opened up again. Oh, I'm making me sure which one it is anymore. See, I think this means that this is waning. It's on the way out. Because that's why usually happens. They all right. And they close, they play with your mind. It's like the machines that the casino, you know? They give you the tea. Sometimes, and see, when they say that those are random, if they're random, how come sometimes they give you like three big teases in a row? Very often that will happen. You know what I mean? Oh, no. They'll give you like five times seven, and then the other five times in the upper. Then it'll come on triple bar, blank triple bar, and they are, it's possible for that to happen, you know, random, not over and over and over and over. And they play with your mind and so often it's like triple bar, triple bar, and then the wheel of force and then the other triple bar are, it's happened at bottom wheel and then the blank and the third slot. They play with your mind, man. And I keep telling people that. Oh, I can't so close. You didn't come close. Don't you understand you, you moron. There's no such thing as close. God, close is in horseshoes and quits. There's no other thing where close pays off. Okay, close only counts in quits, and I even know what quits is. At quits, when I was a kid, I was like, being in a rock, you know, rock, I remember quits, quits, quits, quits, every taking interest in rocks, like crack rocks, and yeah, there you go. Hey, here's a silly question of you try the pizza and pasta John the Bakers will anybody with any tastes is already said yes. Of course they've done it. They're going back again and again. Because John the Bakers, the best Italian restaurant bar none, the Saudi University drive. And our two great locations for you. There's the brand new John the Bakers in the Sterling town, Center on Sterling Road, just west of Pine Island in Cooper City. And the classic John the Bakers in Pember, finds this west of Flamingo in the Home Depot, Center on Pine's Boulevard. The food is great. They give you a big, gigantic person's wallet. You're favorite home made, the ten and style of lights. Let me say it again, home made. Nothing like, you know, mushy and pre-aheted. Plus with John the Bakers low low prices, you can take the whole family for lunch and didn't stay well within your budget. And some of the best pieces you've ever had in your life. Be sure to watch for the Neil Deal when you call a stop in Salar at 16 in Spitzer. Half a dozen garlic rolls and two fountain coats. All of these things. Only 14 75. Take out or die in tonight in Pember, Pine's calls John the Baker at 954. 4 3 1 4 3 15. Or in Cooper City, 954 2 5 2 0 0 91. Pizza pasta, veal chicken parmesan, sausage and peppers. All your favorite subs include that stoppy sausage. That you guys love. After I make her, you're going to try this weekend. It's the best in the city. This is Neil Roger. I'm a loser in the bra. This is 5. 16. 15. It's Friday. You best. If anybody has a pain, yeah. This is something from our way. We'll pay your name and to the sea. Stop. And in the me of the snake. Don't even talk to a quads. Stop. Just follow who's off. Hey. Everybody's planning on. Oh, I just knew it. Empty act of embracing. Little water garden view every one that God supports. John so but good reason. This job is for Pchaint, Chuck. I know your guys. I'm gonna win 40UU. dimension as if two love if that g arant that Palmer this has We love your husband, and we love your husband. A roving, tiny bush, baby. That's just who we're saying. Oh, what? We don't like to see our job, so. But that's an animal. We're not saying goodbye, baby. No, no, no, no, no. We're not saying goodbye, baby. But that's just how it can weigh. And everybody's turning fast. Let's ask you what today. Well, you're going to love this. The Hercules California City Council will consider whether to use eminent domain to rest a 17 acre property from Walmart's door sink. After the ration's largest retailer rejected a city offered to buy the site with use of San Pablo Bay City officials to sell the site yesterday. The Council asked that a resolution of necessity, we brought for it to the for discussion. Say, manager Mike Sakamoto said, the matter's been put on the client. I wonder if he's kind of who's a guy that's Suki Aki? Oh, he was Sakamoto. He was a Suki Aki. That wasn't Suki Aki. That wasn't the songs. That's the song. You got it. He was Sakamoto. Boy, am I on top of it? I don't know my Gems. Oh, and you're on top of it too, man, with us cap on the letters. So that's the local label. I remember what year? Uh, Suki Aki. Oh, she's, I don't have anything before 60. So that's it. Like I said, 57. The matter's been put on the Council's May 23rd agenda. While my brought about the property overlooking central Hercules November after another developer, we see City approval for a neighborhood shopping center. Well, that's good. They're grab-it, man. Oh, it's bigger than that eminent domain stuff. Yeah. You heard about this business about like, swatter-wise you heard that term correctly. Boca-brion uses it in that last bit. They're the anthem bit. The-yeah, I heard that. In Netherlands, I don't know about any other country that laws are but in the Netherlands. Like when I had my apartment, you know, used only like, you know, a couple months out of the year. And my funky land, or it's pretty interesting because being as cheap as he was, I'm surprised you wanted to spend the electric, the 10th cent a year. But they make sure that they have like a light on the time where that goes on. So it gives the appearance that there's somebody living in there because the law allows squatters. If you find an empty property that isn't in habit, you can go in and just take it over. Well, that's pretty stupid. I'm not serious. Oh, it is pretty stupid. I'm just telling you that it's the law. It's not law. Legal crackhouse. No, I just say they can just come in and everything and get it. It's what? And they can swipe. Kind of like Oprah, you know. She was squatting in shooting. Oh, man. Squat rhymes with, don't you get it, Gary. Squat rhymes with, I don't want to talk. What's your take on the Hank Neil Cross over at 10? Now that episode was very disappointing. You build up soda. Oh, you see that reason that it was built up so high because it took you so day and to get it. No, no, you actually didn't see that one. Of course. Yeah, I see that one. And you thought that was really that great? I thought it was very funny. It was okay. Well, you know, after you watched the Tom Cruise and John Trowold in the closet one, it's like, how far to be. Everything else fails in one single one against, yeah? This is a Tommy and John. You're fairie. Remember Tommy, John? In fact, I think I'm going to have Tommy and John surgery. Oh, there's a Kentucky and that's not it. That's the Santa Nevis. You watch your race. Oh, I see. I must be about the same. Yeah, man. What is that? I don't know what he did. It's the same about the Kentucky day and that. Oh. Well, I was like, setting. And of course, here's a promo for it. Well, for this, again, the situation room, the situation room. Man, I like to see somebody. I'd like to see Jack Cavity, of course, they're not in the same place, but maybe he'll visit one big storm into the studio and just punch him out. When you love that, I'd pay to watch that. I do a PPV on that, paper view. 150, I would do just a PP on it. What's your take on the crossover Neil and Hank at 10? 156 votes. I love it. Don't stop. 51. Start at 9. 50. Do it until 10. 35. That's the next lot of the idea. It's not going to happen. It is not. I'm telling you. I know the way they format that abort. These abortive shows. They can make anything happen. They're not good. No way, man. Wait a minute. I know what I said. They can make anything happen. See, these are the people. The same people had told Norma, can't they? Couldn't you have a point? They couldn't do the thing with your deal. And guess what? They've got to do it. But you don't want to do it. And of course, that's the joy, again. If Joyce doesn't get her thumb out of our ass, I'm going to tell you right now that there is going to be some real hell flying in the amongst the coming old seats, especially I've got low nails. I'm telling you right now, we want Joyce's thumb out of our collective ass on the show. Get that pitch out. She's got four thumbs. They got FCC attorneys in Washington who actually understand the laws, understandables it might be. And there are a lot more qualified than that pitch to be just to picking and choosing what we can say, what or if we can put our nose in it, and how would you, honey? You wouldn't know already if somebody stuck 4,000 of them up your ass. And then you know something, I think they ought to start right now. It's okay to cross over 31. Get rid of it. I hated 15. It's getting time to rest there, teen. I don't listen to it 11. So negative, you got like 24%. We said sounds like overwhelming we positive, but when it's negative 24%. That's 24% of our audience. See what I'm saying? Oh, I just did something. Yeah, I got my finger caught in that thing. No, you didn't see? I don't know. Maybe Hank and I will discuss it on Monday. Huh? Okay. Two old fad Jew friends talking crap. No, because I, you know, it doesn't appear that it's benefiting him in anyway, but then again it doesn't start. This starts almost in a clock. Right. Now, 9.50 maybe we would benefit from like maybe a tenth of a point. This is a new runner. This is 5.16. Oh, my cow. Neil Rogers is right. The cubs. I have strong confidence in non-runs. So I hear the voices, but I'm the decide. And I decide what is best and what best is we don't run spell through a man that's the secretary of defense. Well, I'm not going to dump him. I'm not sure what anyone says. I hate going to bump him. He wants me to act and for screwing up my rack. What I'm going to keep him for staying on my track. I know I've kept Janik who shoots his own buddies. I know that New Orleans is still pretty muddy. You say I'm a moron for a free Madonna, but I'm the commander. I do what I want. I'm the decideer. I don't have to think straight. It's all clear what you say. You're not going to stop me. I'm the decideer. I'm keeping rummage. I will decide and keep on defiding. The mind's a final decision. And Don Rumsfeld is doing a fine job. He's doing a baby. Make no mistake. About a 145 at 560 WQM. Representative Patrick Kennedy, hold a new conference. The three this afternoon. I'm sure we interrupting our programming for that. 170 votes on that cross over. We got our 1000 and some easy. No problem. Just keep that in mind guys. We're having trouble getting to the 1000. This seems to pull. Sure. And that amount together. Right. Well, what do you mean animal together? How else do you do it? It's a track. SMQV says we've reported yesterday that Senator Bill Fist is attending. He's going to bring back the House of Representatives version of the indesensible. The calls for major increases and finds against blood castes. First was reported attempting to report the attempting a hotline. A version of the indesensible legislation which is already approved by the House. We've tried to hotline it. Meaning the Senate would pass it quickly. However, it looks like his quest for a quick vote. My vote resistance from both Republicans and Democrats yesterday. Thanks God. There are multiple problems on both sides. Fresh folks from an Amy call told writers. He wanted to start the process of moving the bill forward. Call said lawmakers would not try to resolve the concerns that are holding up the vote. A parents watch the group earlier this week. Quiddleston Senate Commerce Committee chairman the anxious Ted Stevens, profiting to whack more quickly on the House bill, which had passed more than a year ago. What boosted indesensible, he finds as much as $500,000 of violation. Joyce. First move would bypass the committee for a Senate floor vote. Stevens had been holding off on legislation because he wanted to give the broadcasting industry a chance to police itself. Before passing more indesensible regulations, Stevens said he would not object to first move. He would have to build first what a following man. Not everybody's Tennessee, good to choose. Just like Al Gore's wife man, just like old typer. Boy, I think we ought to hook up typer with the Joyce. I bet you the two of them, which is good. Have a good time together. Oh, God. Can you just envision it right now? Makes me sick. Well, he's that stare about Kirby Pucket. Those closest to baseball Hall of Famer Kirby Pucket are involved in a dispute. A Rohushu keeps his cremated remains. He was fat. We're just split up. Split it up. There's a lot of people around you. Pucket 45 died, Mark 6, and a hospital Arizona after suffering a stroke. They earlier at his home in Scottsdale. His body was later cremated in Twin Cities's actions have been kept at local funeral home. Terties are trying to agree. Boy, I tell you one thing man. His ass must have weights 600 pounds. Terties are trying to agree. I'm whether the former Minnesota twins as you should be given to his two children or divided in another matter. Perhaps involving his fiance, Jody Olson, who was living with Pucket when he died. He probably was the root cause. Olson had said that he and Pucket planned to wed in June. Pucket got divorced several years ago from time to time. Pucket, the mother of his children, cats and a Kirby Jr. I used to sell Kirby back in theaters when I was in college. You really? How'd you do? Actually, I didn't sell him. I set up the appointments for the guy to go. I go door to door. He's been away like knives. Well, I had a Kirby salesman come to the house once. William, when are you turning away? I couldn't afford a Kirby vacuum. You don't have a bunch of things to sell? Yeah, I was a slipper. I was making five bucks an hour. Yeah, but that's the only thing about Kirby though. It sucks. It does. Really? I mean, nothing is powerful. But can put Joyce's leg just in one of those two. I was talking about for a few. A turnies for both sides met Wednesday and many apples on April to reach agreement. This is just unbelievable. They frustrated time to Pucket say, yes, they speak not to ever return to my kids. I've been through so much. Olson's brother and law Mike Jacobs said she has made me quite a portion of their mains. Yeah, I think Josh had his thumb in it. They can make everybody happy spread it around a little bit. Give some of the kids give it to a mommy give it to this one. The girlfriend, the XY. Why? Why? Jesus, you know, life is short enough as it is. Why waste your time and I get aggravated. Are you over who's ashes? You're going to get a huh? Well, what are they going to do with them? Maybe put them in a last tray. Put them in one of those urns on the mantle piece. Here's something like this. We're about their foreheads on Ash Wednesday. That's a good idea. I shamed Kirby Pucket and I forehand asked Wednesday. Now, how do I go to heaven? I said everybody else. People's shmuring. After all these years, I know how I've remiss that in the past. Because I know I've always called it as Wednesday. Maybe you just thought those people were hairy, Christians. No, I just can't believe that like I know that phonetic sketchies, they literally do anything you tell them. But like rational living and breathing people, of course they were rationally would be supporting this in madness in the first place. This whole business about democracy for Iraq. Those people over there, they're like 11th and another century. They're living like in the 12th century. BC. And we're going to try and like civilize them, you know? Speaking of uncivilized people, conservative King Rush Limbaugh, often his talk show Monday was an account of the Grimmany struck with prosecutors who was equipped with the Pontmic Peace County jail Friday. There was no arrest, there were no handcuffs, there was no perforth. There was no charge to live. He was ready to commit the message. Public relations, prose of telegraphs, and Friday that he was not arrested. But according to the agreement, sign and finalized Monday, there was of course a charge with holding information from a practitioner, Dr. Schopping, a felony hang no result. According to a jail official, Limbaugh surrender on a warrant and his booking of the jail certainly is an arrest. It's also a mayonnaise said, Captain Mark Chamberlain of jail supervisor, I wonder if he's kind of written chamberlain. Did you fairy? A jail supervisor about whether a person of surrender is going to be called arrested. But it's definitely going to count in our bookings to Tstix as an arresti said. Limbaugh's trip to the jail may also be remembered by local defense attorneys as a booking, booking lands, lands feed record. This is chopped off on the edge. Limbaugh by his own estimation was book printed and smiling for his mugshot all within half an hour. Standard rate time for anybody else, a class of attorney say at least six more like eight to ten hours. I like that. You'll quick in and out. Which I'm sure, you know, there and get used to that. 190 votes on the pool that cross over this and we're out of nowhere. How the George started this all up. All this becomes as right. I started it. That's the way. What are you talking about? I'm talking about the whole field of sports talk ratings are on my God. It's just yeah. Well, once the heat when the NBA championship, you know, once everybody gets really into what's we all start wearing that ICC leave in the IC patch. 183 votes on the pool on the second pool. That's pretty good. What time did we put that up there? I don't know. Lunish, noon 30. Newly as right. Eduardo, Newly as pretty good. Jackie. Oh, the CIA director resigned that. We were anticipating from the White House. We are learning that Puerto Rico Central Intelligence Agency Porter Doss is resigning before he took over as director of the CIA is a former congressman. He didn't even be for that. He poured our machine gas totally incompetent. In fact, remember he was the one who said he was not never wasn't confident enough to be directed. That's what I named him. He's moving out. What's your take on the Neo-Hate Cross over at 10 o'clock? 183 votes. I love it. Don't stop. 62 don't stop now. Started 950 until 1041. It's okay 35. Get rid of it. I hated 16. It's getting 1015. And I don't even listen to it 14. Be sure to in Monday and find out what we decide. So in fact, let's have a management near to what's have asked the program director. This is Neo Roger. It's just as it asked in the list. He's 516. Okay, that's the end of that. Almost the end of this. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. What a week. This has been pressure pack week. Thanks for those great ratings which are as one spectacular but we're proud to be number three. It's better number 18 and sure is how lot better number 28. Number 28 between two and four. That's the QM revolving door. Let's open every revolving door very slowly and see what kind of a sound comes out. Oh wow. Man, that's kind of like they movie boogieman. I was talking about. Right. But I called a very Watson yesterday say hey, let's boogieman and he just hung up the phone. I don't know what he meant by that. I thought I had to close that program already. It plays a more KC. Oh yeah, I'm your boogieman. Hey KC. You fair. That's okay. Totally was in my house there one time it was another looking uh and you didn't even get the autograph without a reason. No, I did not. Anyway, we got guilty coming up next and then we got mad dog and quarter that can summarize and then some Marlon crap. Bye bye.