And what he has appeared? But not the Lord, but the Lord, the Lord, the Lord I thought this thing and he was there, he came But the Lord, this thing was not for the earth. They had the thinking mentioned And the thinking was for the earth. But the things were for the earth. And I don't know anything when I was about to see. Oh, they were speaking in tongues. That's what they said, Me, I've been able to hear that. Who was the Lord? This kind of fun. Who was the Lord? This thing and I was the Lord. Who was the Lord? This thing and I was the Lord. They got me believe in the Lord. And we did from side to side. But the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord. The Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the glory of the night. The Lord, the Lord of the man, the reward among Braves, the high prait. Lord for now, and Brave, the high prait, now. I bet my country the beef to serve them. But whatever I do, will forgive me. Everything I think is special, That makes me a great reward. And just the God and the second but the God. I'm not playing around the time now. I'm not actually getting time. I'm not around the time. It's the ever real company of 6606. All is crap. Just like why you came out all the hype all the time, all the hysteria. All the hockest pocus, all the bubble mice is all the time. And the they put it on and see it in this morning. The 30 year mortgage rate is now 6.66%. Oh my god. I would get her out onto the bed from the boogeyman or go get a new mortgage. Or both. I think I have a good mortgage rate from the boogeyman. Mark from Hell and Dale Beach, you're wanted Sterling Hayden on today's listed The Actors and you got it Mark. Dead Hollywood people. I was very asked Hank all kinds of things, but I guess he van loose. There wasn't because of flight. He was afraid I was going to talk about Eric Greg being dead, fat, umpire. I thought he was going to ask him who's going to be on tomorrow morning since it was supposed to be. Dick's docked in Leslie Viser and now they've canceled. He did a bin cancel or they canceled out and we can't get any answers on these things. You know, probably because he said those terrible things about me. No, I did not. I said, Dick's time we agreed that the Dick's docked in least had a good sense of humor about how bad he is. But nevertheless they're not going to be there tomorrow morning. And as of this moment, we have no idea here on revolving door radio. Who's going to be doing the morning show? Because the hopper is just going to be in New York. He's got bigger fish to fry. He'll be on Thursday and then Friday we got, well, I was going to say it says how muscular. He's getting bumped tonight so God only knows what's going on. Anybody know what's going on? No. No. You want to know what's going on on Howard? Remember that? Oh yeah. Well, what the F is going on Howard? Yeah, yeah. I'm sure Joshua is asleep by that time and that work already so. He doesn't remember that part of the movie. Do we have? What part? So it's D day today and it's also 666. That's why I'm not wasting my time. This is the same punk that told us yesterday that the NBA finals start tonight. I thought they ate. Look. Well, they don't. It was a weekday with the tea. I thought it was. Yeah. Wow. Okay. You got two choices and I wouldn't go to the casino today if I were you. It's not your dance in Oldman. Definitely not your day. You had a 50-50 chance and you blew it. It's Thursday starts in the Dallas, no less. I wasn't Steve Nash playing for the Mavericks again now. Yeah. Just for the finals, I think. He's making it a comeback. Speaking of playoffs, I lied yesterday. I said I wasn't going to watch that game last night. But kind of hockey fan would not watch this day in the Cup finals. Or don't tell me I got a paper jam. I got jam on. One moment please. Oh no. I'm going to wait a second. So anyway, Ray Whitney did score here last night and what an unfortunate way to end a game. And a poor kid. Edmonton Goli gets injured. He's going to have to bring in this kid. It's not ready for prime time. Never played a playoff game in his life before. There's less than 40 seconds left in regulation. They're going to go to overtime. It's four or four. And he goes behind the net to stop a clear impasse. He's like kind of bobbles it away. And hands it right to run. Grindable with a white open net and bought a big Carolina score. That was bad. But a sighting game though. Carolina 5 Edmonton 4. Any interest. Oh. What's this fact you got here? The lead story. Oh no. Lead story on bangedup.com. Also, it says on a sad note, Bob Weaver's in the hospital. NBC sure screwed him over. Not letting say goodbye after all those years. Yes, they did. He's a great guy, Bob. Weaver in a good friend. I don't even know if I ever met Bob. But he's still a good friend. It's one of those people that you don't know like personal. But you know what I mean? Oh, here you go. A US jury found a Roman Catholic priest Goliath. A satanic ritual stalemate or a 71 year old nun, which went on sophomore than 25 years. We had talked about that before. And now they came in with a verdict. Well, that good. That was great. Father Gerald Robinson was immediately sentenced to a mandatory jail term and between 15 years and life and let away handcuffs. And it says, news edition, O60626. All right. Plad. I was just going to say how good that stuff. That Berkeley's, what is it called? Berkeley's. I don't know. Did they go out to college? No. No. I was going to say how to be a real interesting show. But does. No, I'm going to know sugar. No. I can't have a call because it infers with my drugs. I understand. Oh, man. Like I said, that's nothing worth a crap. Only when I start talking to that have this problem. Her. So you do the show. All right. There's a good thing I've done music. Former Empire, Eric Greg, dies at 55 after a massive stroke. Former Major League Empire, Eric Greg known for his big personality. He was fat man. He was huge. And Josh don't even know who that is. I thought you were a baseball guy. Yeah, I'll have to brush up on the Empire. No, who John McSherry was either. Well, I mean, I'm not saying that you have to have great expertise with the Empire, but you think you'd know the ones who were like famous for certain things like these huge and fat. Like John McSherry who had a big heart attack and died around the field after a couple years ago. I'm part of that. Famous, by the way, that's kind of like an oxymoron. No, it is not. No, it's because you have a weird memory. And you just remember. That is not true at all. Anybody who's a real baseball fan, or Eric Greg. He weighed at one time over 400 pounds or nearly 400 pounds. And he went on a diet. And he did lose a lot of weight at one time. I think you found it. That's pretty way. He told a family member, son of it. Son of a morning. And his home had an arduer period that he couldn't feel anything as left side. He was hospitalized and died at 6.45 last night. Man, I'm gagging today. He was among 22 umperors, a lost their jobs. And 99 when their labor plans of mass resignation backpired. Remember that? Yeah. I'm glad you remember something about baseball besides Dave Ann Boy, his wife and his bad hairpiece. You should have heard, uh, Josh this morning carrying out about that awful hairpiece. Oh, where did he hear more about his wife? No, you don't want to hear about that. He's hot. That's the rumor I'm hearing. Am I right about that at least? Yeah, she's giving her. Do go on. I'll see. Even you want to say hot. She's good one. She's hot, okay? How big are they? Oh, stop. I'm tired. I got, was I coughing before the show? No, no. And now, if it can be us, my allergies are in the heat. I don't want no tea. I don't want to keep coughing and gagging the whole for a courier. Then I'll be out sick and rest for the week. I mean, might as well be. We have no idea who's going to be on it. What time? Any other Kimbo camper tomorrow. What did I say to you before? Kimbo camper. That was my guess. When in doubt they always fall bad. They always fall back on bow. Well, he's been enough to fall back on. The whole army could fall back on his hair. That's right. He's a giant in the in the stiff rock casting in the school. Well, I'd be out of my morning. Today we got bow camper or two. I told you. And then mad dog at four. Curtis is in for guilty of seven. Whatever that means. Marlins, all the marlins had a nice game last night. They scored two in the giant scored 14. Don't say it loud. 14. What year when he gets six, six in the attitude of that. What do you got? 14. Oh, see? See how that works? It's all connected, man. The whole universe is connected. It's intergalactic inter, uh, all this memo. 13 every 83 votes on yesterday's pool. Which of these people are things that you most tried to hear in about Tom Cruise. He wins hands. Well, it was actually very tight. Very tight. Tom Cruise 29 before I was going to say hands down your pants. And maybe he might want to as a matter of fact. All the kind of what you look like. Oh, my god. Look at that. Man. There's some green ones in there. Tard green. Like Christmas green. Oh, nice. In fact, there's a couple of pine needles in there. And my right nostril. Tom Cruise 294, Brand Julina, 299. Natalie Holloway, 231, the Aruba, they chicken Aruba, who ran off with Tubby and his Cuba. American Idol, 13. That was the late edition, Bob. It moved up nicely in the fourth spot. Did you proud that? Oh, yeah, impressed. I still said we're going to buy W. K.A.T. And change the call letters to W.B.N.R. V.N. or 13. I like that. That's great. Now that we got this big Mexican, all the Mexicans are coming into the country. So my wife is stationed with them. Being in her 13, we get to Jingles, you know? Mm-hmm. Illegal aliens 85. Ah! Ricky William 79. I hate this poll 75. Iraq 74. 54. For Shack, who's just under Iraq. Joy 33. They can't hear enough about that bitch. The Duke of Crosstine, they're back 25. They're back. Brittany Spears 22. They want to hear a lot more about Brittany and how big they are in Supple and whatever. Oh, and I ran, only eight. So they want to hear a lot more about Iran. So it's a fine-sum Iran story. Okay, I don't think they're got any Iran stories to do. They got nooks or they're gonna. Now I'm on that. The big story that everybody's all whipped up about and all over CNN likes to think on a Greg. Not the Iraq Greg. That would be bad to say that. No, wouldn't it? Wouldn't that be in bad form? Who? To pick on the Iraq Greg. He just died yesterday. Oh, man. That's that Empire? They did fat black Empire. Everybody knows from it. Yeah, they do. Anybody who's a real baseball fan, those who are great was just make believe baseball fans like Josh Curtis. They don't know who that is. Yeah. And the excuse being, oh, nobody knows who the Empire is. Right. I think you got a little too much time on your hands. No, I don't. I don't watch baseball at all. I do watch the hockey game last night though, and it was very entertaining. Where are you sending game to? I mean, I happen to know that. I will be watching me and be a final game tonight that's not being played. That's the only one I'll be watching. No one isn't being played because it don't start till Thursday and Dallas. Josh Curtis gave us a mission from A to the yesterday. Oh, the high school criminology students are making a big deal of it. So for a lot of day, I'll have to send 10 times a second. We'll give them a minute. What are we just, they were just fun and you know, we just gave like a fuel truck. And they just found it at body. It's not unusual. But the stick. It's not unusual in the South Florida. Find it at body laying around. So I'm just a sport. He's dead bodies all over the place. Especially on 666. And to the world today, having a big round under the world, it's not going to be good. I need to have an end of the world sale. Right? Like at a cardio ratio. What a good thing. It's not real cheap because they got to drive wherever they go and enjoy their tickle little spin out there at about 150 mile an hour in their new Corvette. Because it meant they were all going to die anyway. See, end of the world. In fact, what movies they released today? The Orbman. Right? The Orbman. It's about me and Hank and Mo. And mad dog. He's getting a little longer than the tooth. And then I will, how would you say he is? I don't know. I'm a little bitty. 50 mile an hour. So you crazy? Yeah. What are you talking about? He was on the 72 and 73 teams. Am I right about that, Josh? Yes, you were. Well, even though. Okay. So that's 34 years ago, 72. He's got to be 55 plus. I don't want to pick a number, you know? Because he's a good guy. But I just, he's pushing 60 is what he is. Even though you don't think so. Much of looking up. I'm looking at that. No. My view by your Google. Orbordy. 7. Wow, almost. What a geaser. No, actually, 48. Yeah. He's almost 58. Next month. But I'd tell you guys, I was pushing 60. Did I know my crap or what? I think I could go walk. In fact, I'm full of it. 10 13 at 5 60 WQM if you love voting. Hey, don't go out there and spend a ton of money buying a boat. Too much smarter thing. A much less expensive thing. And a hassle for anything. And read a great boat from Club Noteco. Just call him at 1 800 boat rent right now. By pay all the expenses of owning a boat. When you can rent one totally hassle free. Join Club Noteco. That's the public in a problem. Call 1 800 boat rent. You'll be amazed just how easy it is. No docking costs. No expensive. Keep no insurance. And no hurricane preparation in the ester. Junior. There is a hurricane season. And we're in it now. With the boat from Club Noteco. It's totally stress free in affordable too. Call 1 800 boat rent. No getting the boat ready. Because Club Noteco doesn't free. And no cleaning up either because of Club Noteco. You just hop on your boat and go. When you don't pull him to the dock it off and leave. Just walk away. It's that easy. Come not to go far. I'm from unlimited boat into pay as you go from small boats to your charters. And everything in between Club Noteco. The folks you want to be talking to. Call 1 800 boat rent. And let Club Noteco take our planet fit. What you need and your budget as well. Get on the water of the smart. The inexpensive and hassle free way. Two day by calling Club Noteco. At that toll free number I keep giving you. 1 800 boat rent. This is me over. This is 5. 6. 2. 8. I know what. I know what. I know. I don't have a quote. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. I know what. David. David? Yeah they did. About eight miles west of Akuba. Ah infinity. Ah corny authorities ah. in black plastic bags and shoved into fruit boxes. There are identities cannot be immediately confirmed and they weren't saying nothing. It was the second sex discovery in four days. On Saturday eight other heads, I see they just had the story. I know it says they haven't got and they're not a head on the story. You know you're talking about the grateful dead yesterday and there are a bunch of dead heads. Yeah. On Saturday eight other heads were found in Hadid and there are also been stuffed into fruit boxes. Now you know what we got a plan out. Oh my god. He's a severed head. Yeah. That's in bad taste. I mean, it's about the recent miles north of Baghdad. Always in the Baghdad, I had. Also today, a roadside bomb exploded at a lobby bus station central Baghdad. Kelly a woman and moving a child. Three-quarter rounds landed at the not-how bus station central Baghdad late this morning. Killing two civilians and one of these seven others there. Gunman also shot and killed a Baghdad neighborhood council member and two of his body guards this morning. But other than that, everything is just all we're flying. It's just amazing. They're just chaos and bloodshed and people running away from their homes trying to find some place to like a perch. You know, it's just amazing. Well, we have rod. Can't imagine why the world hates America. Can you? They're jealous of our freedom. Yeah, where's that candy and flowers they promised us anyway, bad strides? How many QAM? Hello. Hey, guys, that's Neil. Speaking. Hey, Neil. I want to go over there. I'm not stopping. You know who he is. Isn't that embarrassing? Well, you know, every moment when it's quasi-morrowed, man God, but who he is because he coached the, he just will debunk our name as a gamer. He had the most strikeout in the national league championship. I like that. Even I didn't mean that. I'm never forgotten. They talked forever about our strikes poses. They could just be jealous. Right. So I think every moment I've got those ears. Well, anyway, yeah, I'm going to. John, can't be on your phone. John, can he should be on your good Canadian boy? Yeah, good Canadian boy. Thanks a lot, darling. Thanks, Nick. What about speaking to John, can you work about John Ballushi? Okay. I mean, there could be eight million people on this polling line. You know, you know, a little still went. Well, we got the green light on there. And, you know, he, thank you. We're streaming it. We are streaming it. We are streaming. Hopefully Bob Lassidy is streaming it this morning. Tell them what I mean by that. I'm sure you're not listening. I'll be streaming it. There's a kidney problem. You know, when he's every day, he's got to see if he can. It's just, you know, between him and now I got Bob Weaver in the hospital. It's just a lot of advanced stuff going on. And so I don't feel so bad with just a little head cold or whatever. No, you know, I would be. You're a great one. I mean, you're ahead of the pack by my, and I don't don't say it like that. You are kind of you are hard ass. You just brutal. No, you're you're about as sensitive as is a fruit fly. You're severed head of the pack. Yeah, while there you go, I'd like that severed head. I just like that beginning part. Yeah. Oh, my God. It's a severed head. I just take that off of there and just play it by so over and over again. About 17 times. So they found eight heads on Saturday and nine more heads this morning at 17 heads. You could start collecting all. Yeah. The shrunken head collection or the severed head collection. What's if this is going to make after one 15 anywhere when the world ends? That's right. Be sure and be tuned in at one 15. No, what the sound is going to be the signal the alert. Oh, that could be that old collar right alert or anything like that or that thing they keep interrupting our show with it. Or they call it the A. S. E. A. The E. S. was used to be the E. B. S. No, it's going to be like, okay. Yeah. When you hear that six times, so only did a five because I don't want to go to the party. Oh, go. But one 15. Don't let me forget. We'll turn it at six times. Don't let me. The end is coming. And guy, I got lose for it when you're working two way. You know the end is coming. You can smell it. Can't you smell the death in the hallway? I smell something. I go out there and poke a few bodies. I got to get to that story by the way. I keep showing those kids from saying, I'm not saying anything. Yeah, we will see it. It's been on the local news. And even in times already, I sure hope it hasn't been on WTVJ because they are their evil. If there is such a thing as the anti-Christ, he's a WTVJ. He's it is a call at NBC six. What is that NBC six? Did anybody call ABC 10? No. CBS 4. Uh-huh. PBS 2. Uh-huh. No speaking in glaze, he's a fancy trace. No. Hey, that has to let us ring to it. And has to ring to it. Put it to music, man. Let's get seen accrues to sing the theme song. Hey, let me see you right now. Oh, that was sound a good. At least I see. I told you to see it. Don't worry. Study on it. Oh, man. Oh, I knew it was going to be a tangent ring one. Man. You want to have a tangent ring in years? I haven't even seen a tangent ring. They're great. They're a lot less messy than oranges because they're the people. It's easier to peel the peel off and they're like the little sections, you know, right? And I think you can get tangent rings without any seeds. Can't you have to believe you can't. I mean, you can get oranges without seeds. But peel on oranges still a pain in the grass. That is correct. Well, we're going to be talking later about more fruits. But right now, well, as never they said they found the heads in fruit boxes. Maybe they were tangent rings in there. What? Brandy is where you want to take your feet. I'm just testing my a vocal cord to see if that stuff is something. I think it is. If I wouldn't have that stuff, you'd be doing the show right now. Oh, boy. And anytime you feel like taking over, just let me know. I'm okay. I'd brandy's to find all the major brands for your feet. Like floor shine, echo, Mfisto, rockport, hush puppies, new balons, all the other big names in all sizes for men and ladies. How you doing with the ladies? And they even carry wide widths and hard to find sizes. Isn't that amazing how he's dying on the vine across the street? I always assure you when you're on a losing team man. You hear that? I did. When you're on a losing team. Brandy's use is the largest in the Ben and Shrew retailer. I'll sell Florida when you see the great selection and the fantastic brandy they always offer you the brandies. You love to stand by for years. I've raped about how good they are because they are. Go see our good buddy Arnie and Arnie will make damn sure you get to ride fitting shoes for your feet at the right price. And of course, at Brandy's the only thing they do with shoes. You never have to worry about size, selection, and service because whatever you like, they got it. Brandy's use, you'll find a man 1290, the federal Highland, probably reach between Atlantic and Copa's on East Side, you can't miss it. But Monday through Saturday to line, some days till five. Oh god, look at the color that one. Oh my god, that's true. Brindle Brown. It's a great way to shop for fathers day of Brandy's. Save up to 40 bucks a pair on men's rockport floor, shaman, new balance and get a free gift with every purchase. So, you're interested in Brandy's this week or shop for your shoes on their website at Brandy's shoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560 QAZX. I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if the tongue was not right. We're giving him a case on the spot for a scene with the cracker, fouler, and apples, bees, back dead. And Martha Warren is one pack. We only have the gun back dead. The world was hard to know. I have a bag of these fried candy toasts to go. Just like with that cheese, the world board two, there was a hold on hard for the grass to boost back dead. Grab everything again back dead. They won't be doing that again back dead. They've been doing two wars and you know what the rattle are for. You watch some water. Well now it's hard. We sell the up or nominal charge back dead. We've got the stock in techs back dead. I ran this one and we did that. Now push his gun. Time's little boy gets anything he wants. Time's little boy gets anything he wants. Time's little boy gets anything he wants back dead. Can't throw you seven at five 60 WCM. We got Kim Bo Kamper to the second to the second to the second to the third. Jim managed follows that and we got Curtis seven at five tonight. Oh what a busted relief. No, that's the thing. Well you're probably under a lot of pressure after that. Tough opening, playoff came last night. I'll be watching the heat game tonight. The one that Curtis was telling us yesterday is going to be on tonight. I'll be watching that. I'll be glued to the screen. Yeah that was a Curtis told me that. Curtis told you that. What did I just say Curtis said yeah, blame it on him. Nearly 1400 rakey civilians died in a wave of targeted killings in Baghdad last month. 1400. Dang you know who's counting? The figure doesn't include civilians killed an surgeon bombings. Even so, however, the number is the highest monthly death toll in the Kampers since the war began three years ago. In May 13 1998 bodies were brought to the Baghdad morgue. All were killed in attacks. In most cases, and the bodies were found strewn across the alive. Oh, what he got. And it runs into my father's family. It's one of the curses, many curses that he left me post nasal drip. Oh, yeah. Yeah. No, he went to that. Absolutely. I hate that. And that's why when you're sitting up straight like this like I am now, maybe if I lay down on the floor, you go lay like on your stomach. So it drains. Oh, yeah. Yeah. How about like on my side? Okay. How about on my, uh, back home? All were killed in attacks. In most cases, the bodies were found strewn across the Racky Camporal Shot Execution Style. Oh, lovely. At least 400 of the bodies couldn't be identified. They'll be buried by the government in three weeks if they're not claimed. The number of Racky's were died in Baghdad alone. Just in that city alone, the first five months of this year, sends it 625 or more than 1200 a month according to CNN's calculation. And of course, those are the ones they found to hold body. I mean, we got like these regular heads and few heads. And that's only a Baghdad. It says if the monthly rate continues, 2006 would have seen last year with some 10,000, 150 bodies we see by the morgue as the deadliest year in the capital since the war began. I'll be sitting again. There is no war. The war requires two countries participating. There is no war. There was, and there was an invasion and there's an occupation. There is no war in a Rack. So again, the media feeding you a pile of crap. Palo Kalmanuart. Absolutely no war. There's a civil war. Yeah, well, I'll end going on. Today is the 60 second anniversary of D day. Any interest? No, I just mentioned it in passing. No, there are much more interested in 6606. That's right. Woo, let's sacrifice a goat. All the getchies all the time. Okay, let's get back to this. I keep threatening the story. Right. Some are school students learning the ins and outs. I'll have to say they're learning the ins and outs. All right. Processing crime scenes got a dose of the real thing this morning. They got a dose. Well, that's what happens when there's too much in and out. Right. You know, when they discovered a dead man during one of their classes, this is yesterday more. The criminology students from the same time as the Aquinas High School were at holiday parking for a lawyer deal, taking photos and notes, begging evidence, quote unquote. Oh, man. To think maybe the allergies are in this room. You think that's it? No, I couldn't get it. No, because before the show, I wasn't gagging and puking. Let me just to let you take to Q. I am. I think that's it. And trying to solve crimes at fake crime scene set up by their teacher for name is Sue Messenger. Don't play the message. Don't sue the messenger. The students were wandering around the park when they came across a man's body. Oh, my God. Neurofenced air conditioning unit on the side of overmore a lot of tourism. And first students began taking photos because they thought it was one of the crime scenes they were trying to process. I thought our teacher painted it there said Billy Spryzer 17 and incoming senior at the high school. What a clown Billy. But they began to suspect it was a real body and ran to find messenger who recognized the signs of rigor mortise. You know something and all my life that maybe one of the very few times I've ever seen that in print really. Rigger mortise. Have you ever seen that in print? Yeah. Very seldom. Rigger mortise come up a lot. I got it. No, it's kind of like our when you win a book comes out. The QM numbers. A student flag down for O.J. here. I like this. I like it. Like Eddie Arnold. I'll take it. Yeah. Kind of like Rick Rylews to do. Remember that? Uh-huh. A student flag down police who turned the scene to the man's death into a real crime investigation. Police said released any information yet about the man's death. Nothing amateur detectives on the scene. Leave it was a homeless man who likely had our natural causes. Maybe they're going to poke and probe his body a little bit. Kind of like the What's your name? The runaway bride. I am what time we play that real the first tapes a real tape right up for the rapture right? Oh, yeah, right after 1115 he was found laying on a cardboard bed next to defense around to buy many of his belongings. There was no obvious signs of trauma. I guess that's a pretty good sign. It was a homeless guy cardboard bed surrounded by his belongings. And that's usually pretty good evidence. You don't need the vassal raffle or charla com is to finger that out. Do you know. Hi, scol and kids. So how much better could you I guess they had to jackpot? That's right. Yeah, when you're not kind of a class you're looking for a rigor mortise You get something funny about the way that signs in our rigor mortise. You know it's temporary. I didn't know that until always What does that mean? I mean the you Well, what's the stage after rigor mortise? What doesn't happen rigor loses all you loosen back up Apparently you loosen back up. I thought that happens when you die you loosen up right and you turn into a stiff and then you loosen again In fact, I was thinking about that. I don't know why it's gross You remember we heard about tonight that fact rich Has to the other side of pumping apart right now if it's true that you lose all your I don't want oh, yeah You don't say I don't like other you're gonna be there. Oh boy. Don't you kill a him? Hello Neil yes sir You know there's a lot of complaining going on about what's going on in the rack But I just want to ask you where would our country be without all the free flow of oil So we've got coming out of there And that's right. Look at that little price of gas. That's right Not to mention the democratic example that we're setting for the rest of the Arab world. Yeah Excellent yeah How many Q.A.M. Hello? Hello, yes sir. Yeah, yeah So who was that woman they used to call the hanging judge Ellen de Generous. I mean More fun. Yes, right. She had a radio program. Yes, I think a hundred years ago Yes, he heard me the doctor. She had a doctor on one day who advocated swallowing that the disgusting flames The logic being that it contains a dead germs that would Emunize you also know is I keep spitting the flame out here well I should swallow with I don't swallow too. Don't do that What colors it is me You're older than what usually is right and Paul. Okay, so it would be puke it later I wouldn't mind living as long as he is he sounded like about a hundred and ten or no, but it takes forever to Tony is I mean what's that what you listen to with judge talking about some flint? What does a judge got to do with flint right? What does she know about it? cramp what are you saying? Look at that CNN has a sex with his high school body They're all over that like stink on Chris man Of course you can fill in any any Chris you want I'm not talking about Chris Jones. He's doing a fine job You get that memo good for Chris which one? Huh? Oh, see now I went by that. Oh, did so what about the great job that Chris is doing ourselves a permanent good job Like Chris see there. He goes he doesn't know Chris. Yeah. Well, I tried he doesn't even know you're a Greg We got the thousand votes lived today Here I thought that that stuff was actually was help because I'm been coughing like crazy that buckles don't ever you can't get it There anyway Probably order 851 votes by noon will be over 1000 aren't you impressed that's something you you almost think we had somebody still listen on this show I know patient. Yeah, what we do know better. We see in the numbers five six seven Oh five sixty so swallow the flim huh? Don't think it's a nasty well sometimes you do well. What do you mean? And obviously if you're somewhere, you know like yeah I've got the middle of a sentence. I'm not gonna reach over for my hanky here Right You know into the hanker gym just have a split two in years possibly depends on if it's sort of kind of like thin right Then you swallow it's like thick and goopy man You know when it does spit that baby out but you're waist-fast a writer on your lap and just hot right No, I don't think so now I got what I'm huh just grab a big mug That would be good. I was reading the thing on the internet about how to get rid of flim and the alien bed You get you get all this steam going and you lay in bed with your with your neck and head hanging over the edge You have somebody pounding on your back Okay, there's be sure to have a cup for the flim ready. Yeah, I don't know just spit it on the floor Just have a cup ready. I mean love and I have to tell you that have something ready to spit tune in in You know the internet's got some interesting information. It's a lot of crap But it's just generally speaking it puts it's juvenile garbage on it like they're talking to much of moron That's what you wanted to why they do that because they are this correct Just like all these schmothaids here to want it like You know we were and all you do understand that the three times of ammonia might wait that they thought they were buying or it was a sting It was no one in my trade it was like it was like cotton or something in those bad cotton batten Oh, there's one for the pull Joseph cotton Oh, see that get out of here. You know Joseph cotton. No fee You're starting to get like just quarters this fun in you no matter what name you pick out next We mentioned like Francis over here and you'll say who was he a vampire? He could sure drive one man I'll tell you that bucky day on the fourth race by 10 You're I've been telling you for years. I'm gonna start to read those names again and you're gonna be all confused I am Donnie Hall you know, donnie hall drug with pump and apart can't really couldn't see anymore love his carcrups I got some of the other rooms a matter fact super three That was right. You mentioned that during a break. I'm gonna go to go to some of the hall up You got holes right now Not to all and speaking a sorbet hall. Yeah, I don't know how to how I actually became across an article yesterday And it'll always looking up a flim and stuff and I was looking up that Cossier found taken and it had a thing on sorbet hall and I clicked the link on it and it said wild diarrhea And I thought yeah, yeah, wild diarrhea Right you got especially if you got a little touch of IVS don't touch it for years I've been telling you call 1-800 mattress whenever you need to bed when the old mattress is lumpy and soil and bumpy and I've seen They can deliver it with any two-hour window. They have knowledgeable bed and consultants and lots more and if you're not dining 1-800 mattress on the phone was easy check out their website Macros.com shop on the web any time they were night with product details prices and photos You can check out online or call a place your order and schedule delivery get factory direct prices lower than the change Dors even during the change door is so called big sales plus you get problems financing too. What's not to like? Dautama Fris has the complete line of all the top names in the mattress business ceiling CERDA King coil Simmons tempered experience in foster you it Wait, Dautama Fris has the complete line of all the top names in the mattress business ceiling CERDA King coil Simmons tempered experience in foster you it when you call 1-800 mattress You get low prices on a best price speaking a foster you will somebody give Bob Cole and her Anya or compass in a road map generally when the referee puts his arm up a mirror it means there's a penalty oh God are they lost? Dautama Fris is ranked number one in customer satisfaction everybody a QM including yours truly loves the service they've gotten Believe me I've used him for years and you love the easiest piece of shop and you love her doing your life Just make that one easy call. There'll be there will no time knocking on your dough call 1-800 mattress MATT RES Lea Rock Alastaz because it stands for Stoopimdus sensational saving Is the meal Roger This is 5-16 A This is the meal Roger show This is your brain Any questions There Is I believe in the Lord. We have no reason to live in driver cap to make the living part of the nation better than yours. And I believe in the Lord of the United States. I believe in the Lord of the United States. To Bahávoras, to people who slaughter pigs and dogs in both my religion's better than yours. I believe in the United States. I believe in the Lord of the United States. I believe in the Lord of the United States. We believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. The United States. I believe in the United States. I believe in the United States. You're a real idiot. Why are we with you better than you are? Damn god! We don't want to use our brains. We're mindless having overrated. Why are we making better than you are? You're fair. It's 11.04.05. 60. Do you know where your children are now? They're probably a church. Not mine. Oh yeah they are. I heard by friends. Chicas. Six. Six. Six. They're sacrificing chickens and hands at around the bottom. They're those who are not behind the big crucifix. You know I told you guys I saw the original Omen was on my cable. All the Omen are making a rounds again over the weekend. And there's a scene in there. You know the priest that keeps trying to warn Gregory Peck that Asana is the anti-Christ right? And you know for Tech his wife and butto-beat butto-boop. And he's talking about you know you have to accept Jesus. And it's one of those things where somebody actually articulate something that even a he didn't like me knows what it's all about like. You know you have to drink the blood of Christ and eat the body of Christ. Oh wait. The way he says it. You know it's one thing about the wine and the way For his knowledge of the crap which is more mumbo Joe Lone. I hope his focus which the Catholic Church has got everybody beat on that stuff. But when he actually you know I start thinking about Phil Henry and Macaron Jesus again. Right. We're Macaron Jesus. You understand that with all of the other religions. I mean how how sick and grow test can you give. You know eating Jesus body with the Catholics they don't believe that it's symbolic. They really believe that the reading blood and flesh and that the priest has the magical power. Return that stuff into that. Wow. Yeah. All the Protestants are just symbolism but not for the Catholics. That's what those altar boys are doing for the priest. Macon and Jesus. Well he's Macaron. But anyway. Macaron on the knife. Macaron Island. Holy Macaron. 869 votes on a poll will be out of 1000 by noon and I'd say that. Easy. Easy. What? The Holy Macaron. There's like we're off the the streets of Macaron. Nobody there is straight or mostly gay. Let's see. Boys you're a favorite dead actor actors. I'm amazed that we don't have more well of course we're not taking them many calls and rightfully so they're busy talking about flim. No. All right. Nothing. Oh, so anyway I went near the room. I got my Fisherman's Flynn. Oh good. Su-cross free of course. Yes. Cherry. Su-cross free. And these do not have. I don't think they have. They have no malt. So the call. So the tall. No. They got menthol. And I don't see any other ingredients on here. I see a lot of French words on here. Well, don't they have to or contains phenolalanine. Feet of what? Female aline. Oh. There are people who are addicted. That's what I have to put on the label. So if you die. Um. Look at where this is made for Truman's friend. Loth house a fleet would limited. Fleet would Lancashire England. I think I never knew that. No. Yeah. They sell this crap all over the world. Chris they sell all crap all over the world. You know all the American companies. They sell all their crap all over the world. Because the world is a business Mr. Bill. But if there's a saying about any other ingredients on ingredients. Uh huh. We got to admit this is a unique show. A unique show. A sound like a unique. A sound like a. A sound like a. Not too much a little like that on a memorable day. Maybe you're possessed by the devil and honor of the sex. Maybe I need a good exorcism or work. Maybe that's Pizzuzu trying to get out your throat. Yeah. Or maybe it's Belserbub. You think? The power of Christ compels you. The power of Christ compels you. The power of Christ compels you. The power of Christ compels you. Poor father of Marin. Think of those glasses father. We still like to live in the blur a lot. I'll tell you that right now. I don't care what anybody says. Even if you hold a ring screen for your finger. Well, I mean, it wasn't going to be me anyway. So he did. He's fine. Might as well be him. I'll tell you one thing. He wrote his own music even though you hated it. And number two, he played guitar as good as they come. They said he was a great guitarist. That's what they say. I just just because I didn't like his songs. That doesn't mean that I didn't like him. I like I'm fine. I thought he was a fart. And now he's old and grotesque. Who is your favorite dead actor actress? Well, these people are beyond bigger mortis. I guess we could say him. Marlon Brando, 162. Carol O'Connor, 128. Let's see. I'm trying to think of the common factors. You're like Eric Greg, the dead on par. He was huge. You ate almost 400 pounds at one point. Fat. Marlon Brando. Huge. Right. Fat. Carol O'Connor. Fat. John Wayne. Now the Duke wasn't fat in the 90 votes. But he did have, then they said, like 40 pounds of human instrument impacted in this colon. At the time of the Cuba conundra condom. What the hell was that? Radio Mombie. All the stories now on the CNN. First they started off this argument with that same Thomas Aquinas story in the body. They were obsessed with that. Search it. Freedom in America. And now they're sure to want to have a Cuban guys and a piece they're naked on. Really? I think they said good away. We don't want this guy. We want those other guys. The analyst went to the hospital. This guy came to the back where he came from. Win serves semi-perfection. Yeah, get him out of our way. We don't want no more ugly people. Jimmy Stewart 87. Well, he wasn't fat. He was just very old. George C. Scott 59. Not fat. Gregory Peck also not fat. Fifty-six. Guess who else died? Roe fat. Who? Roe fat. From a million. From Hawaii. Jack Lord. He's dead. William Holden 42. Right. Is that interesting. Gregory Peck was in the original woman. And you know who was in. Oh, man. William Holden. Right. Please brother. His brother who took over and inherited demon. Look at all the, there were like those nasty, like little. You're a peent. The key is that you want to see an Indian. Yeah. Yeah. I check on audio. Your favorite. Your talk show host Nino's. Oh, Nino's. Your favorite. He was for Cuba. Tell like a comedy to me. Marilyn Monroe 39. Jimmy Cagney 33. Betty Davis 26. Basil Rathbone 25. If there's anybody who wasn't fat. Sir Lawrence Olivia 18. He was not only not fat, but he was gay. Like, wasn't it was Danny Cay was supposed to be his buddy? That's what I heard. Then K rhymes with a gay. Okay. I get those all confused. Did we ever put Kerry Grant on there? No, we did not. Why not? I don't think Josh likes him. What is wrong with you, man? Kerry Grant. Do you know who that is even? It's some baseball empire, right? Do you know who Kerry Grant is? He's adding it right now. He's, uh, he's over there. I'm asking, does he know who he is? Come on Josh, answer the question. Uh, an actor? Uh, right. Yeah. Spencer Tracy 17. I'm ignoring you. Raymond verse 17. Grace Kelly 16. Orson Wells, I haven't talked about fat. Peter Finch 10. Did you know the story of what happened to Peter Finch? Are you aware of this? No. Then he was nominated for the Oscar for our network. And he was attending some kind of a Hollywood function there. And he was standing at some hotel. And on the way between rushing from the hotel to wherever this banquet was. To receive this honor. He had a heart attack. I guess what happened after that. He died. That's it. I did not know that. What a shame. Well, I just knew that Peter Finch. And of course he was a great actor long before that. You ever see Sunday, bloody Sunday? It's kind of a, yeah. It's very, okay. Oh, you ever see that? No. Good movie. Sunday, bloody Sunday. He was a great actor, Peter Finch. Yes, he was. But nobody in this country or in your country. And we know what you remember that. Phil, just remember. I was mad as hell. But I looked at his faces and he brought out. Howard Beal. Right. One of the great acting performances of all time. Uh, where does he want here? Well, we're not leave off. We're all the Monroe 39 Jimmy Cagney 30. I did these tonight. Basil Ratthon 25. Lord, so the V818 Spencer Tracy 17. I did these. Peter Finch 10. That's where I left Dr. John Boulushi. Eight. He just went on here. He'll Crawford eight. But not too much. He had those big shoulder pads. What a duke. Tony Perkins, a speaking of gay. Did he eat at Perkins? Thank you, House. Probably not enough though. He was also scrawny. John can be five. There's a guy that ate a couple of meals. Strowing Hayden for her. He played the McCloskey. He got father. He had his last dinner at the Louise in the Bronx. Try to feel as the best in the city. Jack Lemon 3. How come we didn't talk about Jack Lemon? I forgot. Came in during the break. I just had to shut it. Oh, just the one line on the fact. Now, what's the line we got in here? We have a few. No, the one at Jack Lemon says. We're telling you. We have a few. You always say somebody else says it. Oh, the push to button max. Yeah, keen and win. It is not keen. You idiot. You idiot. See you can even tell it, Jack Lemon. Even Joshua in those hands. He's putting a voice on. Audrey Hepburn 3. And Bank Rob to encourage Greg just went up there. He had none. His real name was like Percy Slager something. Very granular. Do a Google on him on IMDB. And see what his real name was. He had like a girly name. He's right after though. And I promise you that if they ever make that available again, North by Northwest, I will send you a copy. But I can't find it. I ordered it for him. The wrong got it. I appreciate it. I said, said, it's your dish. I don't want it all. It'll always be there. It'll just be hanging out there. Yeah, it'll work fine. North by good movie. And who else is in it even where you're saying for money, waterfront. Right? Remember even where you're saying? I sure do. It's pretty good. Finally. In all respects. 14 passed 11 a QAM. Finally, a TV experience like no other. Comcast digital cable with on demand is easy to use. Unless you take viewer control to a whole new level with Comcast on demand. TV is on your terms because you can choose a show on your schedule and possibly one whenever you want. And for a limited time, you can get connected to Comcast digital cable and HBO on demand for just 34.99 a month for your first three months. Why is TV so much better when you have on demand? For starters, you can watch over 3000 free movies and shows whenever you want. It's a revolutionary way to enjoy TV. On demand is what is struggling to say so. But programming including free movies, kids shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows, get tar lessons and so much more. All these things. You always tell somebody good to watch where when you want to watch it. You sure can't get all of these things with satellite. So this that dish today and give big savings of to $515 plus on demand so you can go to your own TV schedule. Best of all on demand is free with Comcast digital cable. So pick your showtime, sit back and you wonder however a man's to live without it. Call today order Comcast digital cable on HBO with a power bond demand for just 3, 4, 99 a month for your first three months. The day call 305 Comcast and in 954 Comcast calls today for full details certain restrictions of problems. This is Neil Roger. Solid. This is 5. 16. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 2. 3. 1. 3. 3. So keep listening to 2. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 5. 3. 3. 5. 3. 5. 3. 3. 3. 3. Steppin' to the confessional Billy. I don't know, Father. This makes the 47th time I've been in there this week. Oh Billy, I want to be a good Catholic don't you? Yeah, but just everybody kid is spanking. Father knows best. It's the Vatican's best-scap secret. And you've got a private sea for all the fun. Just answer the rectory from the reader. Alright, Billy boy, each time for your flute lesson. But Father, your flute has only one role and it doesn't make it a new one. Oh, it will, Billy. It will! Father knows best. What you've seen this news sit, um, you'll wonder why you've never heard about it. Let me introduce you to St. Peter. Father knows best. Going to church may not seem very entertaining. But there really is something funny going on here. All the guests he's all the time, maybe. Eat the body of Christ and drink the blood of Christ and all these sick twisted horrendous things. And all you kids out there, your parents lie to you because they're parents lie to them. You know, if not that their parents are evil, all they might be. Don't leave up the self-lage relation. Oh yeah, that too. By the way, yeah, I forgot about the thing you put around your waist. It's got all the hooks in it. That's right. Thank you, pardon? I was just going to say archivaled Alexander Leach. Leach got Terry Grinch. It's really loud. Look it up. Everybody's on that. I can't remember that. Oh, it's catching here that. Yeah. Holy moly man. And anyone in the line? It's contagious. It's 66. You're getting a 666. That's the first signal man. If the world is coming to an end when you're from. When you start talking like that, we didn't know the long time. I think we cut it from it. You notice he scratched off his schedule to the end where he is. He's in the show. He's got the big Tala sign, the payess, the taffillion, the sitz. That's my mole like working with the sit, he said, go to head, meet sitz. So I heard. Did we put in bankrupt on there? I guess we did, didn't we? Just want to make sure. Love and bankrupt. Hmm. She never was in fact. So do you know that she wrote it? That's right. I did. Oh, I'm glad. Did Josh ever see fatso? No, I didn't. You like that? You like that? You like that? I think you might. I think, oh, wait, we'll put it down on the list. Like a better and rear window. I'll change it then. Probably. You know, since you've never been like really poorly fat. I'll judge. I don't know. I never really poorly fat. Me? No, but I started to get fat. I totally totally fat. Plus you had all those fat friends who died. I had to cut the crap though. I could see I was well on my way. You know, fat people make me laugh though. That's really. Anybody in mind in particular? No, not really. Please say the yesterday that more arrest are likely and that alleged plot to bomb buildings in Canada, while intelligence officers shot ties between the 17 suspects in Islamic terisels in the US and five other nations. Do you know what the five of the nations are? No. Britain, okay. Bangladesh, Bosnia, Denmark and Sweden. Sweden, the old Swedes. Yeah, the whole day ever do that even. I don't know. The parliament of Canada in Ottawa was believed to be among targets the group discussed. Toronto mayor David Miller said CN Tower downtown landmark and the city subway were not targets has had been speculate local media, but declined to identify sites that were. Well, how do you like that? The seases building downtown is said was one of them. Seases. A Muslim prayer leader who knew the oldest suspect the oldest getch key. 43 year old, Kayum Abdul Jamal. I wonder if he's akin to Karim Abdul Jamar, or they all can't. Totally associated with fresh air today that Jamal's Germans at a storefront mosque were filled with hate against Canada. How can you hate Canada? Jesus, God. That's like hate in Denmark. Right. That's right. They got those cartoons. You know, they had panel discussion on CBC and one guy made a really good point. He said nobody ever was like riding and starting fires and burning British flags when Money Python made life a Brian, right? Which is a lot longer and more sac religious than us. Few stupid cartoons in some of Skirad Danish newspaper. He also made another good point. He says there are too many Middle Eastern countries where you find Danish newspapers laying around. But nevertheless, a third you said more or less were expected possibly this week. As Polis Prisulis about a group they say was inspired by violent ideology. They all cut a tear network. Much of punks, much of schmatha heads, much of lunatics. Just kill them all, man. Kill all the lunatics. You want to mess with us, but I've ain't. No trial. Unfortunately. You're rid of lunatics. I'm trying to kill all of us. Now, exactly. We get them before they get us. That's the idea. All there would be a terrorist out there. In fact, anybody at Lyslachatare is normal way. Well, I'd say it went in. There would be a lot of open space here, if you blew away everybody. Lyslachatare is. Oh, the Indonesia volcano is erupting. I forgot to mention that. Oh, all kinds of. And you want to know why? What day is it again today? Right. And the world. 6, 6, baby. The end of the world. That's one of the first signs. Where's that story now? Uh, here it is. 11,000 people are evacuated. Don't waste your time. See, end of the world anyway. The end of these officials evacuated 11,000 villagers from around the world. Mount Maripay volcano is lava and superheated clouds of gas. Purg repeatedly down on its upper slopes, officials said today. There's a story about that A whole Fred Phillips sued by Marine Killen Iraq. Father, the Marine Good. I got that story coming up. It'll lunatic. Yeah. It is. It is old family. Oh, look at that. God hates America. Look at that. See what I mean about the Getski's man. And then, if the same thing with his boistering and even the Republicans are saying, well, who the hell are you kidding? Political desperation, but his anti-game marriage, which has got no chance of passing. None. Even many of the moderate Republicans are going to vote against it. That is no way they're going to get like 60. It's got to get two thirds. No, don't change. Not even close. And Bush's friends say he doesn't even really care about the issue. It's not anything he really cares about. But the, you know, James Thompson and all the other good religion is done afar right. There are, you know, they're beaten a drum on us. You want us to come out and vote in November. You better start to live it up to what you promised. You know, all are good hate. And when you finish with the Gantic game marriage amendment, then the next one after that, good old Bill Fish is going to introduce the anti flag burning amendment. Now we talk. Oh, yeah. All of all are probably. These are the things the public is really with the above. Not. In fact, your boy, Lou Dobbs last night took a poll on CNN. The issues that people care about most. And of course, it was Iraq and illegal immigration stuff like that. You know, economy, jobs. One percent said game marriages. Yeah. One percent out of the 80 trillion votes that they got on CNN. Got a bunch of stories on 66. Even schools that our in session have security up today. They're running around poking dead bodies. You mean, you don't see the way all these things fit together? It's not a holiday. Because the Lord was the mysterious way, his man. And when you look up in a sky at about 15, you're going to see the sign, the sign of the beast. Was the beast there this morning? Yes, he was. What I tell is still is. This is the beast of fat. Jew. 26 past 11 at 5 60 WQA and we've got Kim Boe camp for it to this afternoon as the reviving dough from 2 to 4 continues. This is the real Roger. This is 5 16 2 a. New. God. No, from red and go records. The thing is maybe six five and a. All it kind to wrap our door up with it. I kill a rape! Aw, don't�ys baby, think I'm an in-diferv素. Is a sue you know You say It's love a 31 from a Ron Popeel I bet I think he's the anti-Christ don't you? Absolutely. Oh I mean I think when you crank up your Vegematic I think Ron Popeel's head pops out of it and that the good part is it slices it right off that's where you get that 7th It's Tuesday's date 666 merely a curious number or could it mean our number is up oh my god There's a deliciously odd nexus of theology mathematics and commercialism on the sixth day of the sixth year It may just be the 60 of this millennium, but insisting on calling it 2006 takes the devil may care Fun out of calendar gazing something about the number 666 brings out the worry to hope even the humor in people said Reverend Felix Just or that you st Number any host no a professor of theology at the University of San Francisco third-based Washington senators a Jesuit priest just has taught both a pop up a pop up to theory and mathematics and maintains But I think the two of those go hand it hand. Okay, right and maintains a 666 numbers of the beast website that contains historyology math and precisely 66 one line jokes about 66 Nuck you that's you you can even make supportive of betting online whether the apocalypse will happen on that date the good news is that one online Osmickers made a the world a hundred thousand one Faber to survive today something that's just said is supported by theology. We're gonna make it through the day. Great Many people avoid the number. They're afraid of it all most in this absolutely no reason to be afraid of it He said it's not a pretty good future events. It is not supposed to be taken as a time table for when the world is gonna end What what what does that mean when the world is gonna end what what what when you stop coming out or what does that mean? Boy, you know, it's gonna end something it's gonna end you mean like when the sun burns out That's well, then sun's gonna expand and burn everything up. Yeah, oh, yeah, well, what's gonna happen all of a sudden That's a star's die out. You'll be able to see it coming. That's how it dies out. Oh That's how we're gonna say it burns That's gonna happen. We'll be dead by that. I get some extra sun tan lotion for that thing Call off Pat Robertson. Let's know what date is SPF 30 in fact. Maybe Rumshells got some stock in it. It all started with Revelation 13 18 in the Bible the good book This calls for wisdom. Let whom Hawaii is understanding record number of the beast for it is a human number It's number of 666 the number of the beast. Oh, that's his way the beast The beast is also known as the antichrist to kind of sum a pocket apocalyptic. I say that apocalyptic theories Many scholars such as just say the beast is really a coded reference using Hebrew letters for numbers For the Hispanic Roman Emperor Neuro and six one six appears instead of 666 and some ancient manuscripts when at the abitubagata raw number oh Oh my god, I get a dial in that the book of Revelation isn't prophesizing a specific end of times But is about the overall cosmic struggle of good versus evil he said oh I'd like to the devil's got his fine finger when it may be even his tail and it even couple of him horns But for some more apocalyptic the old theologians the end of times is coming even if not specifically today The evangelical rapture ready dot com website puts its rapture index at 1506 calling that fast near seatbelts time Fast near seatbelts folks the end is coming It's not the day tune 6 that's where it's in but the signs in our society of the approach of the 666 A6 Andy Crescent the insane Reverend Tim La He found out of the self name ministry and co-author of best selling left behind Two is a pop out technology novel. He's a crazy person just like what's his name James Dawson Oh, man, I'm Reverend James Kennedy And even though La He said today is the native of apocalypse because left behind website for most of the new book The rapture for the ominous O6 O6 O6 O6 will you be ready off to light the bite now? I would think would you unless you're gonna read fast right? So I'll buy it. I don't think that people understand that 666 is not a good time La He said he said he said he signs of an upcoming tribulation period It leads to the anti-Christurival and a movement toward one world government a single economic system And a single religion who's gonna be the head of that? I wonder Apocalyptic culture in theology especially those surrounding 666 is especially appealing for people in an underdog situation For a set used now they tell you how to pronounce it midway to the story. It says pronounced used What I tell you so far people have looked for and found 666 in all sorts of places believers in the power is number Have in the numbers power views biblical letter numeric code to convert names of countless political leaders Including many poops to come out 666 marking them as the generations anti-Christ Then includes Franklin Delamer Roosevelt John of Kennedy, Ron Marrigan and Bill Clinton It's a number that the Regans did one isn't addressed when they moved out of the White House in 89 to the LA neighborhood of Belair So they changed their address from a 666 and five road to 668 not that they were superstitious Are that Nancy did all those second crap? Yeah In 1980 a TV host another is rigged the number 60 6 to come up and have Pennsylvania lottery drawing and so number that's part of every UPC barcode on groceries a coincidence Quite the codes in better all You know that the mark of the beast oh my god, I would be surprised if the beast is right inside your box of Cheerios man With biblical coding 666 is also the number for the WWE W of the worldwide web Woo The math of 66666 is also open a biblical interpretation and manipulation Use points out that 666 is the sum of all the numbers any roulette wheel Do you know that no it didn't other oddities include variations on pie and products of prime number multiplication There's also something special about the number six which in the Bible stands for man Said Brian C Jones a religion professor at workburg College of Iowa People need to like enough about this Jones said he owed that two days a more neutral reputation of other days Like the dreaded Monday or bad luck Friday the 13th My god, but this Tuesday is a data cash in on the number associated with the apocalypse It'll mark the day debut for the remake of the classic 70s horror film the Ormond the publication of the hazene left behind book and an Colter polymer called god list the church of liberalism that bitch and for truly cashing in There's an unsick theory and online sports book Bad US dot com which gives earth a better then sporting chance at a hundred thousand one odds If you bet the maximum five hundred bucks the world will survive and it does you win half a penny if you've been a hundred bucks The amount of sand and it does you're in a cool 10 million, but the problem is who you're gonna collect it from and what are you gonna do with it? Wouldn't that be something you win 10 million bucks, but oh, see in the world you did? Yeah, still scared about the day 60 66 guess who has a piece of advice? I'll give you a clue you're fairie Jack or cum or the mommy space transit planetarium has a piece of advice if it really spruce you you can stand on your head It'll be 99 When we the first time Jack gets what I heard You know, it's hard time. I know well She's to be a guest on my show So if you're out of this world Anyway, we get close to that thousand votes on the floor one. I might sneak a few calls in here between on to you're gonna be doing the show from now on midnight Tell midnight. Yeah, till late kick you out nine thirty. Oh my god 930 vote. We'll be getting close now a thousand by noon, and I say that before Told you WKM hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing okay considering yeah, right? Listen, I'm up in a column now. I left about a year ago. Yeah, I down there and don't miss it at all What's up on my peers is the church every five feet? And I had you probably in probably a bar ready crosses street from it. Oh, you know that Yeah, you know that I had these I told the witness come over here about a month ago. Yeah, and I told my name You can get on outing here. You're barking up the wrong tree Yeah, boy, I just wrote riddling and then they ended up coming back and coming back again really and I tell my dears jokes Okay, I'll tell you I'll play the truth. Let me tell you the best remedy for those you'll always win this is when they knock on your door Now, I'll never come back. Mays taser stunga. Oh, no garden hose. No, this is the most permanent solution I'll never come back Don't come knocking on my door. I'll peddle on your religious crap. Okay, and that includes my neighbors by the way Stay now away with your mumbo jumbo, okay. I do like some chicken gumbo or some jumbo eye What is jumbo eye? I know it's annoying thing. What is right? It's like right with a whole bunch of stuff in it like I was like I like keep on stuff in the nation And this K-Journey Not bad at all really yeah The lion don't we have a song like that three dog night. No, I don't mean that I'm talking about do we have it? No, I thought there was a bit on it What's the one I'm thinking about? I don't know I know the one That's as close as we get. I'm under the age of a lion in a rubah. I know they chicken in rubah They chicks in a rubah. Oh the charse dude. Look at that the government and tune in this read don't support the recommendation to do what I'm Mercury don't worry about that. I read listen forget about mercury. I keep a lot more I keep mine Uranus Huh, right don't you think there's no question and one thing you better not ever do and that's good mercury in Uranus a This is the most disgusting programs I urge everyone to complain to this station new for Rin go record That's how it would chocol yeah Go. They make me sing Billy Joel. It's glorious now from here you go. They had to say Billy Joel on fire. Sounds like a plan to me, 1145 a QAM. Ah, why am I going to do a rid of this flamm. I thought that that other stuff. Maybe I could get a expected one. A T, a T. Hot T will do it. I don't think make it with a T. I'm tired of that. I got it. Ahhh! I got that room T. You know? you know the herb park. Carol County, Maryland. Today, June 6th, 2006, is a day somebody represents the symbol of evil. Ah! Maybe that's what's wrong with me. Maybe I, like, have been, my body's been taken over by a million, you're possessed, like Reagan, Reagan, by Pizzutative. And several local jurisdictions tend to increase police patrols of high schools as rumors of column bias style of tax flat cross the internet. So when you deal with crazy punk kids, all of you is just the slightest excuse. Yeah, all at 666, okay, let's kill a bunch of people. You know, stuff like like the riots or anything like that. Right, they're just like this crap here with these 17 ragheads, you know. Rumors of a mass killing plan for today, Liberty High School and Elders Bird, Maryland, began three weeks ago, resulting in police presence in each of Carol County's seven high schools. Said superintendents, Charles Ecker, we've taken every rumor, every accusation, every allegation seriously he'd be saying, we have our teachers administrators on the lookout for anything no matter how trivial. In other words, went and doubt overreact. Liberty Principal Florence Oliver said the rumors are baseless, but the school recently suspended a juvenile male student celebrity for 10 days, saying he was going to bring a gun to school on June 6th. Maybe for like self-defense, you think? Maybe. He made the statement more than once he said, serious threats of violence call for 10 days suspension. Oliver said she's allowed any students concerned about the incidents, and they say, home today. And already a few parents have said they don't want their children to attend. And our end of County Police officers said they'd plan to heighten patrols of local high schools while Baltimore County said to wear the threats and the monitor them. We're monitoring the situation. Howard County said at school resource officers have not heard the same threats and plan for business as usual, Carroll School officials said the specter of the 99 killings that fell upon high school and collar by the witch, most Americans don't care about by the way. Hear it out by two outcasts, students have made them take any rumors of violence amongst students more seriously. Somebody says I'm going to shoot somebody 10 years ago, we wouldn't have thought about it, that could say. Rumors about today June 6th, 2006, marking a day of evil and mass killings have spread throughout the country. As far west as California is for Northist Rhode Island School in police authorities have said, it rumors about a tax plan for today. This is not particularly a fiscal, all ever said, it's a national thing. It is truly happening all across the country. When you're not to worry about it, there are, because the kids are about to school, right? Even in date are they? Right. Well good. See you in after worry about 66. Unless of course your kid might be the antichrist in that case he's probably going to do his evil thing right there in a kitchen room. When you think, there's a doubt. 560, 560, pound 560 on the Verizon Seagular, wireless line. Kimbo, Kimbo, to talk to you about it. And then probably a little, WQAM, hello. QAM. Yeah, like I speak with us. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, listen to York, man, he's gone. Hey, what are you doing today? Okay, I listen to us. Who controls the sound effects, is that you were Jewish, because during that Ford commercial, and he is the only, I was drinking some juice, almost went across my windscreen. That was fine. That was for the Ford. Yeah. That's me. That's me. I'll take all the blame for that. There you go. Listen, it's gonna sound strange, but I am calling about hockey, because I know you are the first expert on hockey. Did you check out that game, did you say with that, but didn't Carolin? I watched it, yes. That was a real, I mean, I can't believe that they came back for it. And you were ready with me. I think you had two goals with it? That is correct. Yeah, he played really well. How do you think that's going to be? Okay, everyone, let me just play this again. Great. What's he has up here? There you go. There you go. Him and I'm running the more scored. The, Well, I'll bring them more just to, I mean, you know, you got handed to him there at the end. I was trying to always just say. Yeah, I feel so bad for that kid, because they don't let me. Yeah, I'm going to take it. I don't know who's that, well, you know, this fall to wise, it was Jason Smith, who's supposed to be such a great defenseman. He's supposed to cover up for that kid, going right there. He tosses him a little back pass. And he's supposed to at least, at least control it or block out, bring them more so they don't have the empty net. And instead, it just gets by him and by a big right in the open. I believe in the Smith, okay? Jack, I don't want to do two things on the, and he's, and he did the third thing, which is give up the goal. And I feel really bad, because I really think I'm must see Edmonton winning. You know, I was really, for them to, even though I'd like to see Ray Witton win a Stanley Cup, because he's my buddy, but not nevertheless, I'm Gordon Premon to next probably why they lost. Exactly. I mean, he didn't really, hopefully this goal we cannot get together, because Edmonton is a team. They're pretty strong mentally. Hopefully the goal we can get, I'm worried about the goal we will be. Okay, listen, don't, don't start with a hockey talk man. We'll be out of business. Okay, we're very close already. And you're going to put us right over the edge. How do you like that? There's a hockey guy. Mm-hmm. And even though a couple of names that are players there, I'll not actually, he didn't, he knew Bryndamor. Well, anybody even Josh knows why Bryndamor, don't you? No. I know that's not. You know Ray Witton, and he scored a pair last night. How do you like that? You see that? The wizard, where he's looking bad, poor Ray. Such a good kid. You know that in his wife, they've been dating since they were, he was 14 years old. That's terrible. He got a hold of him and she wouldn't let go. Or she has sweetheart. Actually, she, I think she's a bigger fan of mine than he is. Bridget, night, they got a little kid. They're not too happy. See, originally he was, when he was treated from Detroit to Carolina, he wasn't too happy about cause he hates Carolina. And I can understand that. But he might want to, I'm a Stanley Cup, I do like that. And I think back to that picture and the, and the Haroldo to some sense, Ray Whitney falls in game against the ranges. You know, what, and of course these people aren't even there anymore. You know, David J. Neale and the other Mike, that fat little puppy of Puggie, whatever his name was, if it's on Sennel, Mike Russo, they wrote the hockey columns, just a couple of shields for the organization. See, this is the problem in South Florida. You have so few people who have the balls to say anything. You know, yeah, once in a while they've hired or say something or Mike Mayo, Fred Grimm generally opens up a mouth. You know, Fred's okay. But other than that, it's just, you know, just a bunch of suck holes, like very jackass. And I, oh, you know, Jim Sarniman, you are, I think he could be the anti-Christ. I think he's got 666 on his, right, yes. Hey, don't forget to talk to Hink about it. Well, what of this morning, but the Humper, he bailed on us. He had to go catch that plane, yeah. If he's got anything else going on, he's got a root canal, he's got a plane to catch, he got a hot, the tip and got a call is booking, you know, and I don't play, but Mike, don't be grudge him at all. More power to him. I just got a most amusing email from your returning moment camp. Yes. Guess who he's meeting with, I'm Friday. Joe Bellman. And, choice. No. Claire. Right for his two letters. Joe Bellman. No. I give up. Clarence. Oh, I said Clarence. Oh, I didn't hear that. Yeah, he thinks that Norm needs to get to know Clarence better. But he can't. I don't think Norm wants to get to know Clarence better. But it was, maybe they have something to come in. I don't think so. They both like baseball, though they. I can assure you that Clarence a enormous type. Or my type or quite frankly, anybody's type. But nevertheless, I'm sure that'll kill some good time. Now, here's some great stories about that. At a boy, Joe, you just don't get to do you. You just don't get it. See, because the beeslaze, Clarence is evidently a snooker joy sent to think of anything. I know something about his business, which he does it. And so the beeslaze, they just obsessed with him. Joy's net cried over there in Naples. And so I guess Clarence is like the era parent. You know, he's going to be like the next Greg. And maybe he'll be the next Bill Drake at a radio business. I was watching at C.K.L.W. because I think he asked it in. I forgot to mention that. Bill Drake and Boss Radio. That's why I mentioned KHA and LA. 93 KHA. It's all used to say. And he had the same dynamic jingles from C.K.L.W. And then Paul Drew was the program director at C.K.L.W. at once upon a time. He had the big light in the student in the control room. How about you just tell you about that? Yes, he did. And if he could be a remote control, there's a true story. I don't know how that really did that, though. How do you do that? Especially back then. He could press a button. And if the big light went on in the control room, if you heard something you didn't like, then you better straighten up real fast. You're going to get fired. Really? Two story. It was a real Nazi, Paul Drew. But Bill Drake was the one who started that Boss Radio whole thing in KHA and C.K.L.W. at Center. I'm going to watch that again. And again, and again. 560, 0560, pound-five, 60, and he Verizon, singular, wireless line. It's a great 666 main. We're kicking ass. I think our own. How do you like to be a fly-in-a-wall for that meeting? I know. In 67 votes, man. We're going to be perilously close to a thousand. Any second now. I'm surprised we don't have like a thousand more names on your. Although, you know, I mean, there's a lot of dead actors, and actors is the only that we really like. They were really all that good, right? Right. W2AM, hello. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? OK, sir. I was the one that talked you last week about the panchangles and stuff, but I got to give you a quick report right now. I know it's not normal, but I got to do that. Well, why not? What do you mean, it's not normal? Well, because you don't often do big reports anymore. Well, we do whenever somebody calls when in. OK, so I will go. I'm going to start our pubic service, man. Right. Number five, that I'll be with there out of the panic. Yeah. That's me, you know. All. It is. All. Thank you. I'm a physician, Schuyler. No. It's not. No, it's not. No, it's not. Who is this, George? It's Boomer. Boomer. Boomer. You never remember me. We used to work together with that big bulge of past, or to say it before. Never heard you. Well, get so much for that. No big deal. What did you do there? How was on the air? Do it what? Wait, James, that's all bulgeer would give me. Oh, then how about I know who you are? Because you used to come in on the weekends and settle around. Yeah, I never found anybody to settle around with. There was one guy there back then. He always had somebody to do it around with. I've been not sit on here, but I may go ahead. So, Lingaro, northbound, just after Sheridan between Sheridan and Sterling. OK. OK. There's a feeding friend to go on on. There's about four or five of them out there. On their motorcycles. OK, thanks a lot, Boomer. Sheridan, you're on the bill. It's got a bill right. Do you know who that is? Yeah, that's a little bit cold. But you have? Yeah. And where? Doing what? Doing what? Doing what? I know that we worked in the same place as the never at the same time as far as he and I. Well, I'll be doing. But he knows a lot of the same people. Hey, sounds like Jim Scottler, don't they? No. You know, is not? He didn't sound like a crazy person. So I would say no. Why? You think Jim Scottler is a crazy person? I know that he is. No, why do you say that? I never heard you say that before. He is. I thought you knew. I thought you knew. Why would I have to say it? Have you ever actually, have you met Jim Scottler? Yes. Okay. Why would you say he's a crazy person? Because he is. Based on my experiences with him. I thought he was a good guy. In my mind, I don't know. He's a bad. He's a bad. He's a bad guy. Well, there's one thing to be as fast. Most people in this business are as fast. I wonder if you're not a but crazy person? Really? Farm-flopping lunatic. Wow. He fits right on with this. His new Roger is a good boy. This is 5.6. He's a... This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12th one hour on QATL. When some saw me outside the play, and said we have a lot of trouble, gaseous. I said they're right. I'm way down to the city. I'm going to get your hurt of my soul. This is our war and a nation. All this is a symbol of dollars. It's a game of $2. It's a lie. It's a lie. You're a game of $2. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a game of $2. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. You're right. You're a new cop. You're a rookie and broider. They go. It's a red gold. I wear a hairpinwear. I go around to other 80's. They don't know what to say. It's a game of $2. It's a game of $2. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a lie. The hole is on the head. The Joint Sur веч Jed, The Center Forphen? Get down. Fuck man. hatredLetTheoter The contromen! I'veimentied it. I am the most free of the years you are my life I am the most free of the years you are my life I am the most free of the years you are my life I am the most free of the years you are my life I am the most free of the years you are my life I am the most free of the years you are my life I am the most free of the years you are my life I am the most free of the years you are my life I am the most free of the years you are my life I am the most free of the years you are my life I am the most free of the years you are my life Well what you are doing is hard how many times you have left behind it is so hard to speak All right, right. Sure. He's been a pitting like his daughter all I'm much. And one of my very favorites, Lee J. Cobb. We got those on there now. We do know what if he was kind of Eddie Cobb? Lee J. Cobb. Remember that great line in the exercise? Answer the question, Father, Paranoia. That's right. I mean, it wasn't a great line, but it just sticks in my mind. I lied. It's for me. And for that, here's a fact of one of the most chronic factors my God. It says, have a QM listener and chronic facts. But that is absolutely correct. But how many, and why are they sending this to me? Why is this guy wasting his time with us? That'd be thanks for going to tell somebody about it. Oh, yeah. But how many times can we hear from Ira Windbag, Eric Reed, and Tony for Intino? Is it really becoming ponderous? No kidding QM chronic? What's all of I got through it? At least to kiss our ass on a radio that we don't put any of those people on here and never will. Ira Windbag or Eric Reed who talks to a team or Tony for Intino? The good news for you though is that they'll be on. Let's see, where they're going to be on somewhere was on here. Where I see it. Oh, on Friday, 7 o'clock. Curtis with Eric and Tony at the NBA file, it's like they're a regular part of the station now, you know, Eric Reed show and the Randy Fund, the the the the the show and he arrow, wind the the the bag show all the stuff. And that's because our program directors is sports nerd. Not a radio nerd who would know a radio from his ass, but a sports nerd, a overgrown child. President Bush and congressional Republicans are aming the political spotlight this week in an act of political desperation, which isn't full anybody, to ban gay marriage with the vented both ends of Pennsylvania, have an awful rate constitutional limit with a no, it says a scan chance, no chance of passage, but why do people among social conservatives, in other words, far business religious crazy people? Ages of experience of taught us that the commitment of a husband and wife to love and serve on another promotes the welfare of children of these stability of society Bush said in his weekly way, he would dress government by recognizing and protecting marriage serves the interests of all. Many Republicans support the measure because they say traditional marriage strength and society, others don't, but consider reality of election year politics. That's what it's all about. Judiciary Committee Chairman Arlan Spector of Pennsylvania said, he'll vote against it on the floor, but a lot of the survivors panel in part of the republicans did a bait party leaders believe will pay off on election day. Right, they got to pacify the hate mongers on the far right, James Thompson in that crowd, far business. Spector is chosen different battle with the Bush administration this week, a hearing the day on the ways that the FBI spies on journalists who published classified information. Is that hearing its underway to be on the marriage amendment? Will end at second day on the Senate floor? All but one of the Senate Democrats, the exception is Ben Nelson of Nebraska, not Dolal Snow Florida, Ben Nelson of Nebraska, opposed the measure and with moderate Republicans expected to block an upper down vote killing the measure for the year. Just another waste of time and yours tax dollars will award. Democrats said that it might be a divisive battle to religious conservatives and point out that it can flex with a geopolitical opposition to big government interference. A vote for this amendment is a vote for a bigotry, pure and simple said Ted Kennedy, where the state Supreme Court legalized gay mergers in 2003 and Massachusetts. Mayor Gavin Newsom of Fan Printisco, which in 2004 began issuing mergers licenses to gay couples, on Monday to announce Bush's move as predictable and still rhetoric aimed at rallying conservatives for this year's midterm elections. It's politics, it's pan-regain's, indicating a cork constituency, the evangelicals, Newsom said on ABC's Good Morning America. It's just a, and of course the flag wording amendment, everybody's whipped up about that, aren't they? Oh yeah. Things that nobody cares about. It's something much of right wing extremists. Another we're going to combine them into a flag burning amendment. Yeah, the fact it's not flag burning. It's flag burning. That's what it is that fire team at the state, right? You're already claiming so what's what it hurt. It's nothing like flaming a grievance state on a grill on a Bobby Coup. It's wrong with that. Don't. How many votes we got on there? 980's six. So we still need 14 for a thousand. Come on, let's get with it. But what's wrong with you folks? Are you liking in neutral now all of a sudden we were kicking ass here for a while? I think it's your fault. Other. Who is your favorite dead actor actress? Dead. Marlon Brando 178. Carol O'Connor 136. Pretty good now. Yeah, it's not that tight, but at least Carol's on his ass. John Wayne 98. Jimmy Stewart 92. George C. Scott 63. Gregory Schmack Peck 60. William Holden 43. Maryland on row 42. Is that a bottle of William's Holden? I could be. Jimmy Cagney 34. Betty Davis 27. Basil Rathbone. Is a kid I used to call him Rathbone. 28. 26. John candy 25. Spencer Tracy 19. Lawrence Olivier 19. Hey Larry. You're fairie. Raymond Verna 19. John Balucci 18. Grace Kelly 17. Jack Lennon 13. Orson Well 12. Peter Finz 10. John Crawford 8. By the way, carry grab was that only in North by North West. Also the case of thief. And I think Aubrey Hepburn was in it. Wouldn't you? Okay. I'll now get word for it. Orson Well 12. Peter Finz 10. John Crawford 8. Wither with us the shoulder pads. Tony Perkins stuck on a carry grand five. Sterling Heeden five. But crosskey. In bankrupt four. Audrey Hepburn four. Legia Cobb just went on her got one Henry fond. I don't have any it. That's because they hold the Jane thing against the woman. You think must be. 97. They're for you and by the ones now. Mm hmm. Better take a lot more calls. Okay. They're getting tired of my scratchy voice today. They're like getting burnout. Plus we haven't had Eric Reed on yet. Or 24 and 10. Who's yet a one? Oh, I remember him. Oh, fun. Yeah. Hey, Randy. Hey, Randy. Hey, Randy. We a lot of profond to have him on there. We could probably change the college. Is it the radio station with Randy for when you think? Maybe all the stress that it's the immediate. It's a big meeting on Friday. WKWM. WKWM. WKWM. WKWM. Hello. WKWM. Hello. WKWM. QAM. Yes, sir. I've been trying to get a hold of you for two weeks now. Well, here you go. Meals. You gotta do this for me. I called you a couple of weeks ago. Call me now, Sam. No, I called you. I called you a couple of weeks ago. Yes. First of all, you never put, you never play. Let me get my good point. You never play any afraid of it. I want it here. This is the fate of it. I want it here. When Michael walks. Well, we're the home. I'm going to sign that. But lift from giving you all this time. Listen. Yeah. When Michael walks into the place. I'm just going to sign. I'm just going to sign. I'm just going to sign. I want to sign. Okay. Okay, Jordan. How do you like that? Now, how do you do that, Neil? I'd love to do that. I mean, how do you like that? He's going to do that. He's going to do that. I know we like it. If he asked me to play that language, it's a look at Brots. He's leaving for the fish. Look at Brots. He's leaving for the fish. I can't believe he can do that. The man is magic. All those drops. I am the magic man. I'm just pulling right out of the way. I thought that that was a bill of Donald, a magic man. There you go. That's from my buddy Nick Fineberg at Pomp and O Park. See we start with those names again. And I never did find out how what Brandon given us a do. See he'll number one. That's what we all are. Very hard to get that news. I see Brad Kramer continues with a calm routine that he's all part. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and<|th|> 5, 60 need Verizon and SIGGETER RIVOSLINE. WCWAM. Hello. Who am? You know, Neil. WCWAM. Hello. That might have been a real call. I don't know. I just sounded lovely. Can you hear how are you? OK, sir. A little scrappy. I'm going to describe it. I'm going to describe it. This should be my worst problem. You sound great. Listen to me. I'm going to ask. Show how 40 the argument of this administration is. They did it. It was on the Patriot Act. Without NSA, were attacking. With NSA and they took them to a judge. You know? So everything they do is here is wrong. And they did it right. Without all the stuff that you know, the snooping and all the stuff. Right. That's it. Hello. Hey. Hey. I'm revered Erci. Hello. Hello. Joe Spadanya. Proceeds. Do we? I bet you they still have tools on the Thomas E. Do we? Through way. So I say do we to that or for we? I think what I really need to do is get like a condo in Niagara Falls, New York. OK. There you go. So my house in Florida. What? No, that's a good idea. Get a little condo down there. Because I don't want to make anybody like a step-tron. You know, right? And then just get a little pad in Niagara Falls, New York. And it like every few weekends. Hello. I don't know how much of a hassle it is across the border. Now. Hello. I'm like a terrorist. You do. At least I got one of Paso Borta. I got a meal Paso Borta. So you just have to get examined every once in a while when you go across the border. What do you mean by that? Well, you know, they take that flashlight. You know, where they stick it though. Oh, I know they're looking at your window. Yeah, to see behind any like weapons of only nitrate. You should say, hey, how many motors up there in your window? Yeah. I mean, like a pipe bomb. When a bomb agrande in my fat ass. I don't think so. Although it's worth the other way around though. I've dropped many with a bomb agrande from that fan. But that's another story. I don't want to give you that. That's especially the middle lunch hour. And Joyce and Clarence both get grossed out by that fart talk, you know. I don't think Clarence has ever farted. You. I don't think he has enough emotion in his pathetic, scrawny body to fart. You know, I mean, he just, he's like, you know, in fact, one of the most nauseating things. The last time I was down there, it's why I stopped coming back there. The last time I was there, he came in the studio and started adjusting his package. You remember that? No, I don't. Oh, you remember when you talking about it, but I know. Oh, I wanted to run out of there. I thought it was like a message who was sending me, you know. Believe me, you're barking up the wrong tree, sweetie. Stick with Robert, okay. 1213 and 560 WQA, and if you're a cigar smoke, risk-speaking of low-one smoke. And you like to kick back with a good-preamable, Mr. Stowee, then. But he is cigar as Vitaly Barhani is exactly what you'd be looking for. These hard-to-find stoves are made with first-way tobacco, processed and aged up to 10 years. But he is a real motix cigar maker, and they specialize in small batch hard-to-find tobacco. But he had gold-to-fly extra-blind, and he had a 91 rating by a cigar-fist and other cigar-in-ceter, and 9.1 by smoke magazine. This rich flavory well-balanced full-body nickel-rock wind cigars. That earthly hints of dark roast coffee, chocolate, spice and pepper flavors. Also, be sure and try to be here to say, it's the hottest release of our last ten months. It's so hot, it'll probably bring your guts out. It gets a higher rating of 91 by a cigar-fist and other cigar-in-ceter. It's a powerful cigar, like I said. To your kishki's to pieces, with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. The finish is long and full-body, but the initial spice and an order to try wood. And if you want to say of a ton of cash, you want to say 40% off of all your be-heist cigars. When you call just mention the arrogers, and body, it'll be mighty in price and save you a lot of cash. 40%. Call them toll-free, and let up your stories pretty soon. Call 1-800-35-the-here. That's 1-800-35-B-A-H-I-A. This is a new Roger's. Look at the little-a-space 5.16-2-A-S. Oh, let's abuse some more craziness. Make it and scream nice and loud. Oh, you're getting me some words and a fat shriek hat. Oh, I don't care if they hate from my ratchets. You'd use you to the torture because they're just playing their game in the past. If had to be worse with Sir Dhamm who's saved. Oh, I know some is hiding among those. They say they're weapons. The master's drugs are a world. I say we're saved. A couple megatars. Darmary around. Oh! In the gold war, they're in the half of the world. I've been his time to give his world a world. Rectown. So it's time to throw those demons up. Oh, I'm here. Oh, I'm here. Oh, I'm here. Until there's nothing left to see. Oh, I'm here. Until seven-six feet deep. Oh, I'm here. Oh, I'm here. Oh, I'm here. Oh, I'm here. Oh, I'm here. And there's a day in the sun. And heaven goes the day. And he might know the rough ones' colours. You're pretty rare in the fair. We're gonna be with you. We're gonna be with you. Oh, I'm here. Oh, I'm here. And there's a day in the half of the world. Oh, I'm here. Oh, I'm here. Oh, I'm here. Oh, I'm here. Oh, I'm here. Oh, I'm here. Oh, I'm here. Oh, I'm here. Oh, well. Oh, let's kick it out. 6, 6, 5. If we go 6 out, hit it. If you want the answer. Oh, I hear you. ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox, CNN, and MSNBC. What are the walk-to-beeeslys, fishes in there? Oh, there's another category by themselves. They're up on the tree. That's the evil sixth 거기, right there. There's a bunch of responsible for all the bad stuff that's been a lot of going in the world. or even like the religion crap, you know, you know, how they jump all of that, the Vinci code, like Stink on Krayer. Wow. All of that followers of superstition, where you have two days, look at the synonymous with the devil. The synonymous. How about Pondris? Kind of a voice is that. Yeah, absolutely. All right. So, a new mother, a Kary McFarlane, had her labor induced last Sunday. Oh, Oh, Kailer, not have the devilish birthday. We weren't completely concerned that the Vinci son of her name do slave it to make sure when we were in the day. Good moods sweetheart, because we'd come here and we'd kill like him. When you? Yes, we would. Any baby that's for today, we're killing it. No, I mean, no, no, I don't want to carry to an extreme, but we will if we have to. So, either like, you should have induced labor ahead of time earlier. It's too late now, or like postponing until like after midnight. I'm going to song after midnight. Who did that? Or a captain? Oh, I air captain to that's right. You know what else air captain did? All right. Oh, no. Let's not lose touch with the audience again. We can't afford to lose touch now. We don't have much audience left. No, no, don't play that again. You got that interview. I got that. I guess I got it. Now what's the story on this latest discount again? When's that coming? You should have right to the air tomorrow. Wow, that'll have the seven of these collections. Oh, my God. And the stick in my iPod. And then I probably just got the other one of this. That'll begin in my black thing, my docking station. That's right. Do it your black back. Yeah, I got my dockers for also. Cockers. My pants that I wear for the guy that's worried about my wardrobe. And then I'm going to get my docking station. You can't get much younger than him. That's right. Each of your hard-out to handle bad suit. Oh, but they're younger and hip-robeder. Yeah. Yeah. They've been telling us. Yeah, they got a younger and hip-robeder one year. You know, I mean, who? I get choked up thinking about it. How stupid it is. They keep trying to talk, you know, talk to the top. And they can't walk the walk. You know, anybody can talk to talk. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. You know what I like that. It's crap. Speaking of crap. Oh, that coffin thing starting again. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Now I know how Linda Blirfeld. Wait till a piece of soup starts come up. Oh, oh. Or his last to do it with say, wait till a good piece. Oh, it's coming. I hope so for your blubber. I'm hoping for it. A package of incentives presented today to a ran. It includes a provision for the U.S. Supply Care ran with some nuclear technology that stops their routine uranium. A major concern about Washington. How do you like that? I don't. Oh, well, you're supposed to fill their wrong gagging and choke. Oh, I'm sorry, I did really well. Well, I shut the mic off. It used to mean, and tried into the mic by go. Oh, why not? The offer was part of the series of rewards offered to Ta-Ran by European Union for policy chief, Havier Solana, a court in the diplomats who are familiar with proposals and spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity, comes with a disposing confidential details that they'd often like to stay alive. The package was agreed on last week. See, I was just talking about parents in his package, which is a frightening thought. The package was agreed on last week by the West Britain, France, China, and Russia. The five veto-weilding members of the UN Security Council plus Germany in the Middle East, and it would resolve the nuclear standoff with Iran. Why not why they had to include Germany? Why not? Why not? Why not? That's why, I forgot. So there we go. We're trying to pacify those damn schmacht fans over there in Iran. They're not smith down the jar. Why, where is the name is? How do you say, is name? Alina. Ostulever. Leave her brothers. Do you hate them, too? What do you think I think I have something to do with crap? I think that they are unileverers for a Dutch. Unileverers, Dutch. What do they make? Don't know what's over there. Unilever? Get out of here. Google it, man. It may products they use in every minute. It probably even makes them an adieu. We can say that all by itself. We can say do's just don't say it. Tennessee quarterback Jim Bavak, I can't know. I don't know if we can say his name. Tennessee quarterback Jim Bob Couture was suspended indefinitely. I always played that Couture hunter bit, but I better not. Was suspended indefinitely after campus police raised in him on a drunken driving charge. How do you like that? Tennessee. Coach Philip Fulmer said Couture will miss the opener September 2 against California under going out call eyed valuation before it can reach her. I say it. Drunken quarterback in Tennessee. I got news for a few were in Tennessee. You might have drunk too. Oh, what a place. And thanks to a refactist in by the way. Another cry. But thanks anyway. No charges expected to be followed against the Pompaho Beach mother of a six year old boy who was left at Chuck E. Cheese's restaurant west of Boca after his birthday party on Saturday. Palm Beach County Sheriff's office be seen. Locada Monroe 23th of a son Michael Emanuel was going to sleep at a relative's house. Unrodened immediately realized he was left behind and the restaurant investigators said the child was not harmed. Bob, what was he going to do? He's going to drive over there like hitch hike. I mean, I don't get it. The voice meant the night of the care of child welfare workers. First of all, anybody that takes their kid to Chuck E. Cheese should be like the kids should be taken away right off the bed anyway. It's not run. They could play. Get out of here. You have a beer. Chuck E. Cheese, my ass. Get a lot of cheese. The boy or man in the care of F. the F. E. C. F. Florida Department of Children's Family. Still chop predictive hearing is conducted today in Brewer County and official decided to give me to her home with Locada. Just be over taking him to know Chuck E. Cheese leaving him behind again. Locada. My God. Or we're going to like Locke up with Baretta. And by the way, Baretta into kind of guy who want to be like Locked up to close with. You know what I'm saying? Well, he's got a tempered Abra Redda. Well, I'm not going to try to try to try to Try to try to with pregnancy, so I think I'm safe. We got way over a thousand votes. I forgot to mention that we got a thousand twenty three silver Seaf. For another day. It's not even twelve thirty yet. We got over a thousand votes. Aren't you impressed tremendously? Immediately. I mentioned this as a dynamic impact. And you guys next preacher. By the way, pay days this Friday. I just thought I mentioned as the ninth Saturdays on the Tensopadies this Friday. Freddie, but who's listening? People are not speaking to. I just passed out along the dead in County. Because we're not speaking to the other ones. I sure hope Norma has a good time. You know what's how he kind of like does his own thing? Norma? No, he sets up these meetings. I have no idea what that's all about. You know what? You know, he's going in your arm. He's got the land munition because he doesn't speak to me. I don't want to talk to him anyway. Go pick up some more runaways, Norma. Okay, bring them to the meeting. Speaking of that, speaking of runaways. If you think you have termites in your home, infesting and infecting. Call our good friends at Witted Pest Control. They can get you a free termite inspection. Before they start through the damage and tune your house to bits. Ritted Pest Control uses that amazing orange oral treatment that kills termites and termites out on contact. They're going fresh and you even say that current is a dufus. If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them. You don't have to tend your house to make you a neighborhood in a neighborhood in a neighborhood in a neighborhood in a neighborhood in a neighborhood in a neighborhood. It's gross. Don't have to worry about poison as gas. No moving out or staying in hotels or motels. No worry about your food. It hurts your health. Because the folks at Ritted Pest Control treats your home with this amazing orange oral. You don't have to leave it all. In fact, when they're on treating your property, the only thing they leave behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days and a termite free situation. It's true if you have a termite problem called the folks at Ritted Pest Control right now and find out about their amazing orange oral. In fact, what they just said, your house yesterday? Yes, they were. And what do they do? They didn't inspection and said, oh, you got sourced. Did they? Yeah. So we're going to have to just set your house on fire and forget about it. Are they going to smear it? They're going to do something. Oh, no. Find out about the amazing orange oral treatment that kills termites and the raise out of percent on contact. No, 10 E. Nobody has no kidding. Call right now for a free no obligation, especially right now at the beginning of termite and hurricane season called 1-800-447-4348. No obligation 1-800-447-4348. When he called me, Shren Tom Todd Rectordic, Arnold, Senator Serge Party 1-800-447-4348. This is a new Roger. I saw it. This is 5-16. Call the crappy Killing Rat. All the slime all the time. What the fuck? I'm not a coldhead. I'm not the one who rated him in a mo-ha-letting day. But he's a good and a my ass variations. I don't even know how you have children. They're a bar alone. I want your take on J.P. No. J.P. Is it great, Codabak? Can I good you? I like J.P. Well, in that dimension, he's got extraordinarily smooth. But that's not a good thing. He's smooth. But that's not a good thing. Oh yeah. He's got to be careful with his A-heat. Oh, keep the tank your mom. No, no, no wait a minute. Oh, go. Nothing else to say. How about this? How's the weather down there in the mirror, mom? I'm right down the street from you. I am. I have to go. Oh, wait. By the way, no, no. I have to go. I told you what. I'll hold you over the break. How's that, man? I'll give you one of my old tentatia. How's that? No way. That was the only call that we had. If they was on your nose, it's blowing again. Oh, no, no, no, no. It's blowing. It's blowing. It's blowing. It's blowing. It's blowing. It's blowing. It's blowing. It's blowing. It's blowing. Wow. That's great. We can say. I can't hold it. I can't hold it. It's blowing. And around those nose and people. You walk around. I walk around. And you go. I'm in that miracle field. A road map of New Zealand. Yes, yes, yes, yes. And we saw a place where it's my child. I know it's blowing. I know it's blowing. Something's dangerous. Almost every day I die. And my veins suddenly start at the moment. My eyes are going to go. Yes, I'm blowing. I can't hold it. And because I'm in front of the old line, I know it's not strong. With people, they... And with people, they... And with people, they... And with people, they... And they, and they, and they, and they, and they... And with people, they... And they... And they... And they... And they... Well 35 at 5. 6,000. And we got both campers coming up into a clock. And we got mad dog, 4-7. 3-0 hours, and I know more than you can to see how the moon is there played an ending in a west coast. It better be better in the last night, or it's going to be embarrassing. Now, the very hit one last night or not, this way. He hit one last night. 7-16. I thought it was 7-17. 16. I don't know. Well, you keep in track? He'll never make 7-55. No chance. You think he's going to make 7-55? I think he's going to live that long. I think if he goes to the AL, to come to the DH, you can. Oh, and in other words, another way to get around. Another way for a phony record is that which we're seeing. Yeah, I think that's the thing about the... Because it goes right with a territory. Henry Iron was never in the American League. You know what I'm going on the... Was it a design editor? Do you know that? I do. What does that mean, though, is that it just means he didn't have to like, phony up a record? When the babe played, obviously, was no DH. Oh, so the DH, if you're a DH, and you put up those numbers, it's phones. It's just another way to get in the line up against a bunch of little pictures in the American League. That's all. Against like Kansas City. Oh, my... Kansas City's worse than the Marlins or Pittsburgh, which is saying live. How about those Carolina Hurricanes? Pretty depressing. They last Google. Why does this? That just turned my life upside down inside out. I was not too happy with that. I mean, you know, like 40 seconds away from overtime, and you give up a greasy golety into the game and lose it, and watch an L.A. Meahoo's, and no one's picking red necks in his stands and Carolina. Well, I made me sick. God, you think South Florida is really a bad sports time. I mean, by the way, I started to mention before about Jim Sarny, and I wouldn't talk about the humper, but he's long gone. Don't let me forget tomorrow if we do a crossover. If that works from the Belmont. Oh, please. But the Sarny column, I've had somebody said that in the yesterday, because even though the Sun's and said, I started to work a little bit better for me if you want to get to a certain article. It's like there's a website to it all messed up. And he writes this stupid ass article about basically trying to say what a great sports area South Florida is. And he's talking about stuff from the distant past, like the dolphins for Super Bowl. First of all, the dolphins didn't win for Super Bowl. They won two of them back to back. 72 and 73 of my correct about that. Yes, you are. Yes. Well, that's like 30 some years ago. You know, that'd be like everybody saying, hey, how about the leaf organization? Well, last time they won a Stanley Cup was like in 1967 before Moses was a baby. That's like almost 40 years ago. The organization sucks. And then he goes on about the Panthers in there, Stanley Cup. I'm going to let us 10 years ago, 10 years ago with a rat. And not because the heat finally made it to the finals for the first time in history of the franchise. Now right away, South Florida is a great sports time. You're so full of it, Sarny. This is the same dolphin team that has to get one of the TV channels to light the tickets. So that's somebody regular season games don't get blocked out. Am I right about that? Yes. Yes. I just mentioned that in passing. That's what a great sports sound is. The same place where the OE and the Marlins did win a World Series twice. Yes. And then both times right after they won a World Series, they had like a fire sale. And they just they just spat right in the fan space. And I think they did different owners, but same results, same spittle. So Sarny, you need some serious mental health man. You're living in a dream world. And I hope that you and Evan Kron have a wonderful life together. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, and leave a rise in singular whatever it is, wireless life. WQAM, hello. Hello? Yes sir. Who's this? Niel? Speaking. Niel. Well, Frank, to say Hank Aaron, this way in the American League as a DA for the Milwaukee Groer. That's correct. Okay. That's all. Okay. Thank you. Alright. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. He asked me one thing. He paid no pay, Ruth. He's right. He paid for the Milwaukee Brewer's The End of a Screws of DA. That's cheating. What it is. They Ruth never did no DA. Although he was a pitcher for a great pitcher too. You didn't know that. Yeah, I did know that. For the red sauce. Yeah, definitely didn't know that. Well, there you go. How many games did Barry Barnes win? What? Did you see Barry Barnes? Why? I'm not. Let's not. I can see Barry Barnes pitching because he couldn't get his arm over his ass because his ass weighs about 600 pounds because he's a big tub of steroid driven lard is what he is. It makes me sick. I would go along with you if I thought, you know, I'm not necessarily jumping on the bandwagon, but in this case, I'll make an exception. Roger Marist on there was a guy, Roger. And you know something the fans hated him too. You want to watch because they were jealous. I love Mickey Mantle as a kid growing up. He was my hero or one of them all. My favorite Yankee player was Hank Bauer, the Marine man. He was great. But Mickey Mantle was great. And they resented the fact that Roger Marist hit the 61 home runs. Yes, they did. They hated that. They hated 61. Huh? Did you ever see 61? I heard it on the radio. No, I mean heard movie. Oh no. But I actually heard it live on the radio when he hit it. See, before you were born by many years. Yeah, I'm sure. And Red Barbers said, it's in. Why? What does that mean, Red? You check as you will fool you. It's in. And then Resudo was called you on the radio. And of course he went ballistic. You know, the scooter. There's another crap announcer for it. The scooter he could announce is right about paper sack. Car put the copy out. I'm coming home. Good. Leave now. Phil. It's only the second thing we can leave now. Just get out. What's the situation they had. Mel Allen Red Barber and Jim Woods. That may have been the greatest treason broadcasting, a sporting event in history of sports. And CBS bought the team in 1963 and eight. They fired everybody. And they put on Jerry Coleman, Phil Rosubo and Joe Dodgiora. Three dumb ex-docs. Well, the greatest crisis in history. Can you believe it? Yeah. And at that point in my life, I said, I've been a Yankee fan all my childhood. I said, you can take your Yankee's and you show them. The only time I ever would have been against them was in 60 when a Paris beat in the world serious because I was also a Paris fan in the National League. And the Yankee's a one-sum-made world serious as I thought, well, I'm going to root for the pirates and luckily, Maserowski, if I'm running the bomb at the same thing, which I'm sure you know in Forbes field and the Yankee and the Pirateful on the Series. Remember that? Yes. Tell Smith that that pinched free run homer to put the Pirate's head to seven to six and then I think, I don't forget the Yankee side of the seven seven. And the bottom of the tent that in Chuck Thompson was doing a game on TV, who was a great man. And the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, the guy, he, the guy, you, who, he, you, you, you, he, okay, I, he he h? Who's always taking all the juice? Who's always acting so elusive? Who's stronger for us to remove? Very... Who, me? Yeah, you. Very bomb. Very bomb. What's going on? With very bombs. From sport to a street. Ratch to the tableau. Why does everybody say an I-take noise? Let's see, I'm looking at Baby Roots so like time starts. He's the first few homeruns who is clear with a Boston Red Sox. I feel like that when he was also pitching. What happened to Josh? Oh, I'm right here. No. Four homer's in 15. She over's 1916. And then I'm not there. 11 in 1918. And a whopping 29 in 1919. I got straight to the Yankees. The last year of his career with a Boston Braves of the Nationally. He had six. But of course not as the DH because there was no DH. He was great. And I'm very important. He was great man. His second best ever. Henry Aaron in 1975. He had 12 homers for the Milwaukee Brewers. In 1976, it had 10. I did all my research my homework during the break. So that means he had 22 tainted homeruns as a DH. So it's 10. 755. It's 7.33 years and I'm a very zonedby. But if he does go to the American League and become a DH. And we start subtracting instead of adding. See what I'm saying? Yeah. It's probably down like 600. I'm talking to a major league baseball tone that. I don't really get it. I don't really care. You think this is one of the pressing issues that my mind in my life is whether Barry Bonds had 756 homeruns, 899 homeruns, 55,000 homeruns. He's still full of crap. Now, here's a good guy. And you know something it doesn't. Let's see. Henry, I just got through Sanis. There's a fact. Hank, I did play with Milwaukee, originally in 1975 and 60 of the total twice. I know. I just said that before the facts came out. I did my homework, Mon, and you're right. Oh, Humphrey Boga, I kicked all assets. How come he ain't on our list? I'll be happy to have him home for Beauret in the African Queen, the Johnny Mathistory. Go on on that. Got it. Humphrey Boga. P.S. Love your CD. Oh, you're the one. Thank you very much. And thanks to the guy that's straighting me out on the Henry or with my end. You wanted those to get against the way he went back to Milwaukee and played with the brewers two seasons? Well, why not? Before the brewers went and landed where did they play? Milwaukee? Correct. See, but you know that, even Josh knew that Milwaukee Braves. Right. People feeding me lunch. Any Matthews and all these guys? Huh? So, I'd talk? Well, it's played for Milwaukee Braves. Henry, Aaron. I could just sit. Well, that's bad that I can't think back to a delkrandel was the catcher. Wow, what a memory. Holy cow. Who were the empires back then? Al Barlic. Now, he was the American League. Tracy, when I was a kid, when I really was following baseball, who all the empires were? Well, why is that such a big deal to you? I just, I don't know. I mean, I worked with the marlins for four years. I could probably name you two on pires. It's just not really something, you know? Well, that's pretty sad. You can see that. You know, Joe West? Yeah. Joe West young man. I know, last Diaz. I don't know who that is. See, that's the best deal. The empires is because it's all watered down. You know, all he'd done it's Ellie? I don't? No. He's dead. Jocco-common, dead. Can I get on with his, uh, nobody cares about this crap? Here's a good, and there's no name on this. It's on the, um, CNN website, why mess with the omen? This is great. All we make are needless, but this updated the omen is especially so it says. I'm going to save you folks a money again. Now, when it was there, nothing wrong with the 76th horror class in which the anti-Christ weeks have a connerth. And as an innocent looking five-year-old boy, but the original stands is one of the most frightening movies ever. It's so ingrained in our pop culture. All you have to do is say the name Damien, and everyone in some rows you're talking about a demonic child. Watch Pharaoh say why the omen is better than the original. So I, uh, a thing on here. I'll link. So why mess with it? Thirty years later. Pop to the man. The makers of the omen barely have. They're exceedingly faithful to the original too much actually, including having omen screenwriter David Seltzer returned to Twink his own script. David Seltzer, like his brother Alka, Nelke, and what if he's kind of Elke summer? It's not a shot for a shot we make like Gusman's Ends Pointless Psycho from 98, but it's close. The structure of character setting events giant chunks of dialogue all the same. Uh, what can only assume the intention was to appease the pierist, but in doing so, John Moore has read no new life in the material. Tiny changes here and there inevitably contenturized the film. It takes place in the modern day so the characters have cell phones. Oh, God. What would Jesus do if he had a cell phone? Probably call somebody. When Julia Styles fell in for Lee Remick, his name is unsuspecting mother. The answer is something wrong with a child. You immediately go into therapy and leave Shriver standing in for Gregory Peck as the father was surrogate Titiously brings the demon spun into their lives. Cries way more than Peck ever would have dreamed. Peck's Robert Thurung choked up a little way and earned his wife had died, but mostly he held it together. Here is trouble's Mount Shriver's wife, and he's wiping away tears half the time. It's the sensitive man we make of the omen. But in the most feeble effort in modernizing the material, this omen vaguely attempts to be politically relevant. Among Tage of Photos that the start suggests that the devil is everywhere all the time. On 9-11 at Abu Ghrat, Abu Ghrat, and we just don't know it. Well, if God can be everywhere, we're like, can't the devil be everywhere, right? It makes this as much sense to me. It's just a stupid. The visit to an ancient biblical city toward the end of the film features slices of flags both Israeli and Palestinian, such references feel tossed in. More importantly, though, it isn't even scary. It's so similar to the original that we all know what's coming. Because it here is so close, it only serves as a reminder of the superiority of Richard Daenerys original, and don't forget, but it's in an ambulance. But it's in Daenerys, but it's a great. How about Raal Daer? You don't know what you got to do. Raal brought an ambassador in Rome agrees to take a newborn whose mother is died during childbirth because his own newborn is dead. Unbeknownst to wife Kate, Kathy. The unjustifies the names he tells herself and decides, when you've got it. Kate is taking a boy instantly. Raal Daenerys dead. Slash forward to five years as Robert Moose's family to London, so that the nanny hangs herself in front of the dozen of shot guests to Damian's birthday party, and even says the same thing beforehand as the nanny in the original. A creepy priest, Pete Possulf wait. Stoss Robert would warn he's at the voice that he'll have a son and talk of Armageddon. In photographer David Thelwathuveli, Thuveli, Thuveli, notices Erie Shadows and the series of pictures and the pink pressure. You know, the one thing about that is, where did the photographer, how did he ever get like hooked up with that priest? Why was he following him around? Oh, he never done. And from there you know the rest of the story. As Paul Harvey would say, the rest of the story, depth, destruction mayhem, all of which Damian delivers with a gleam and Zionist model in his post. No offense to young, Shama Stevi Fitzpatrick in his first film role, the original name and Harvey Steviens accomplished more with less to say. Having said all that, there are some talent performances here. Shriver is his versus Thomas Steviens, the actors you could wish for. He certainly carries himself enough grab a toss for the role. Stoss me while always exudes him maturity, be a hundred or a year, but looks too young here. The thirteen year age difference between her and Shriver feels more like a chasm. Thank heaven for me, a ferro, the Rosemary Babystar return to supernatural territory is the satanic disabled sense of a detective in by posing as a replacement nanny. This is a very instance of the new woman improving on the old one. I don't know how to believe that. You can't improve on the old one. Instead of oozing medicine, doing from the second few peers on the screen as a predecessor did, ferro's all-fair heard sweetness in life with that girlish voice and angelic friend. That's that what you want. It's the scariest part of the whole movie it says. The old man of twenty-centrey five release rate in R for disturbing. R for disturbing that they we made it. That's disturbing. Talk about disturbing. And the next step is for the house and the senate to reconcile as difference. Yeah, there you go. That's disturbing. Okay, take a look at him. I've got my gun. I get this, Derb. Just see in him on there. Makes me wonder, you know something, all you people that voted for him, you all all arrested the world and apology, not just me, and not the Director of America, you're the whole world and apology. The free world and not so free world and everybody else, including all the dead people. You're an apology, right? Absolutely. I mean, absolutely. Christ. And those of you that still support this butcher, this lunatic, this demonic lunatic here on six, six, six, six, you people ought to be like, a pardon feathered is what you ought to be because you're dangerous. You're like him, D.D. W.D. Dumb and dangerous. How many votes we got on the poll, by the way? 1100, you think? 1077, we'll make it well. Top 1100, easy. Easy. Who is your favorite dead or actor actress? Marlon Brando, one of the five-carello kind of 143, John Wayne, 103, Jimmy Stewart, 95, and small potatoes after that. I don't want to read the whole list. Top 57 at five, 60, W.D. W.D. You have em, bowl on the on Kimbo camp, or two to the seven, and I'll revolving dough between two and four. It's the sixth inch y'all and we still got to revolving dough from two to four. This is a lot of the great scandals in history, you know, that's the key out of everything about the history of C.K.W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. Wo.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. W.D. What are the two kings of play? Skate Prince Wengeless 1945? zumindest of 3 Spring and Maybellians, Peter, the Hall puedessell commit a fucking prison camp.uy Youngstzech migration. Ho- stones on 16 are 32use, 51 5. Come- doubts on 28 are panels were 30 and 19 to 100 and 371? a few and Abdul Re 62. WS smashing HWst, Jr. W.D. Don't get DP. Yeah, 4, 1. Beads in the FBI. I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't know what I'm doing, but I don't look at what I'm doing? one of five sixty w planet is about a much-answer I would watch kitty correct doing the news is there would be a meeting about watching uh... jlano show none much has been my voting for can't wait that anyway if we got the close to eleven hundred nine a.m. a poll thousand eighty nine eleven over go home new evidence based in just have raps in two separate incidents of the center of a simmering scandal over racky civilian deaths of an american forces racky angri's percolating just like the coffee this morning is percolating over the incidents and over the investigation at thirty-west forces in a third case a brother of victim Hashim ibrahim al-wad abbas in al-hammed and uh... then you are at whatever that is to the bc news uh... yesterday the marines covers brother needlessly according to the victim's brother marines came to his family's village at two o'clock in the morning of forty five and rated a home where they discovered a shovel in a k forty seven they went to his brother's house dragon in the street arrested in a took away took away little while later a boss's brother heard gunfire outside the village waking up at the crack of dawn he rushed to the place of our new reporters rather missing a boss told abc news that the place in for a minute of body of the drop off earlier by the americans and that she to go have a look in the who was his brother later that day marines came to the family home and dropped off the incident report abc news obtained a copy of the death report which is written in Arabic on one side anguish on the other we spotted a man digging on the side of the road from our ambush to raise the statement i made the call and then gave it was pronounced dead at the scene with only a shovel and the AK forty seven court of the statement sergeant loritz Hutchins with a another marine acting is a witness signed the necessary for it eight marines could face murder charges in the death of a boss and other charges for possibly attempt to cover up the killing residents told abc news over the weekend that a marines sergeant had lied on the official report about the death of a civilian same amount of period of finding a bomb a several marines have confessed to drag you man from his house shooting and putting a shovel in weapon s was body to make it look like he was a terrorist and insurgent and evil to work like that your government and i should again baby sign america man you can have it the bush america something to make a one of the money coming back coming into our country cute yeah go go back to uh... whatever you came from okay go to what you're renaissance w jackass i get him and just a you know the fact that he still to elections and nobody is making a big sentence about that is about the community junior and he's busy trying to bail his uh... cousin out and that is kissing cousin as i would have driven huh that was their doing of course it's his cousin man if paper can be his head son right and no they were kiss and bobby can't even do your his bobby son and her cousin so it seemed to me well maybe they are maybe they're not on what they're doing who cares about pretty ugly thousand ninety three votes on a poll can't go camp or anything to know so he has sports pool into a clock he's going to be digging right on that check uh... stuff you know and the heat need the white heat white hot whatever it is i was gonna uh... but can i do that uh... the blue dot thing once i have said that you should i got a fine since i missed it last night i want to find that fully took on a show last night since you're uh... big blue dot fan now thanks to you here it is which of these uh... actual issues you believe is most pressing right now most important game marriage allegory migration war in Iraq border security public education or health care i'm gonna vote for war in Iraq even i already voted on the yesterday but just to get that number of all of it seventeen thousand fifty eighteen votes a little more and we got game marriage has got hundred ninety two votes one percent one percent yeah the president of the nation thirty three percent war in Iraq twenty nine percent those are one and two border security is thirty twenty four percent public education only two percent which is pretty embarrassing health care eleven percent and game marriage is last one percent that's why they're wasting all your tax dollars all the senate time debating about a uh... a constitutional limit that had no chance in the first place and it's never gonna pass anyway and then they'll do the thing on the flag burning and there will be a Hillary will be there joining in again try to be like a centrist whatever health she is phony baloney in fact here's the story present in post unexpectedly yank the press event on the federal marriage amendment from the White House rose garden and placed it inside the old executive office building without explanation seen in the forties today was supposed to be outside in the rose garden and he saw a burst by the uh... yanked and the uh... president too after giving a prepared statement the president did not take any question instead walked off the podium in other game marriage news MSNBC's conservative host Joe Scarborough i real bubble heads said Monday then most conservatives know that pushes pandering on game marriage the amendment doesn't have enough votes to pass the senate even close everybody knows from the left from the right from the middle from uh... your back home everywhere they all know political tangering and just stirring up the hate mongers on the far religious right and of course that all that's going to be this off more people these people have gone from being so politically uh... you know clever and uh... coily and uh... ceiling elections stuff like that to being so inept at everything they do but at least they're consistent you know everything they do is everything they touch is like the modest touching reverse turns to pure manure and there's nothing better than pure manure spell it but to now talking about your country trying to dictate to the rest of the world just like they're given tannit a crap about the marijuana laws you know and about everything else yeah this this is right in line it just like the Dutch they've always been given the medallence hard time about the well your wax laws on prostitution and uh... drugs and you know i say none yet you know none of your business that i would tell right my girl business take care of your own house united states war key ally germany yesterday that it should do more to stop a tide of sex workers arriving for this month soccer world cup and accused twelve nations of failing to do enough to stop the modern days slave trade in prostitutes child sex workers and forced laborers the u.s. government opposes prostitution which is legal in germany state report uh... state department for our global human trafficking said these activities are inherently harmful and the humanizing and it's got a picture here the red light district in humberg and says prostitution is legal in germany a u.s. congressman and other anti-trafficking advocates estimated thousands of foreign women many from eastern europe like romaine by the way before it's in the sex work during the four week term at the begins united and a briefing secretary state condo liza denounced the sorted trade in human banks and said the five if there's anything sorted she had looking at mirror like that she's a sorted looking is anything ever seen you know she said the fight against trafficking is a great moral calling of our time together we will stop at nothing to end the debasement of our fellow men she said i'll take she gives a crap about men if you have no kind of lesa the u.s. called germany a source transit and destination company for sex workers none of it is a nice quotation high ever the two thousand six trafficking in persons report gave your money is highest overall rating for compliance with efforts to stop trafficking and no to germany efforts to combat exploitation during the world cup how do you like that nonetheless of the sheer size of the event the potential for increased human trafficking during the games remains a concern report said as many as 800 thousand people are bought and sold across national borders annually or lured by the countries with false promises of worker of the benefits to state department said it's annual survey on international human trafficking most of women in chilins the report list iran and syria among the dozen nations that the u.s. said did not adequately address trafficking problems the state department said those countries should be submitted to sanctions apart from era of ally Saudi Arabia and the central american nation of beliefs the rest of list of violators read so i can tell how do you like that Saudi Arabia's on air we do anything uh... punished them no the rest of the list of violators reads like a catalog of nations that perpetual odds with the bush of administration my and maridots burma cuba iran louis North Korea Sudan Syria was back as they end and it's way like in the bobway i don't see a cost of reconnary where do no what about nexico don't see it see belees give us a crap about belees countries that failed to crack down can be sent to a variety of sanctions including with holding some kinds of u.s. fornate u.s. will not cut out trade and humanitarian aid the reports said countries that received no such assistance could be declared in hells of a take part in cultural and educational exchange programs two countries have been sanctioned since the report began equatorial guinea and Venezuela you're seeing equatorial guinea not lately pretty foul the German government while defending its policy of legalized prostitution and fatally denies that it condones human trafficking and says it's intensified efforts to combat it Germany's sex industry entrepreneurs have made no secret of the respectation of a bullme as hundreds of thousands of citizens of the visitors are at the world cup i'll be there for the world cup and i won't be doing no prostitutes at the forest or a forty-bedroom art our team is brothel which open in border nice fall manager eggbird kumash predicted business normally 130 clients today could double or triple during the thirty-two nation term prostitutes in his legal and germany with about 400 thousand registered sex workers who pay taxes and receive social benefits however the government says force prostitutes is not tolerated and an iceman's claim that's helping go brothels the German embassy in Washington said German federal officials are working closely with regional authority on the other so there we go again counter-rested of words can't do this in the candidate more rising for the rest of the world while we're booching innocent people and making our soldiers use them as like human sacrifice and drinking the blood of Christ in the eating the body of Christ i'll tell you one thing boy he must have been one bloody guy yeah tastes like chicken all these all these people drinking the blood of Christ all of these centuries now my god suddenly where where and what does he run out oh you know that tricky did with the bread and the fish should just make a new that's right never one's uh i wonder i wonder if it's like taste like grandma booned twelve minutes after one and five sixty all of the church said they liked it because it had a ripple effect whatever that meant twelve minutes after one a qa and we got bow camp or a two we got mad dog and four we got Curtis and seven i think god oh rest your ears baby kiss kiss the in fact you know something you wanted to why why to it's just all not me took me over three hours to figure this out you see it was been scratched off the schedule of the night yeah anybody want to know the true identity of the anti-Christ he's got other work to do got it got it only the anti-Christ could make a sound like that ah ha i know it if you love to get out there on a water and you'd like to go out and get you a boat don't buy a boat because man accustomed arm and six legs and boy that's the price is just where the problems begin because then you got all kind of maintenance and do all kinds of stuff with it if you want to get out of the water the smart way call our friends of cloud notico at one hundred boat rent right now why would you want to pay all the expensive owning the boat and go through all the grief when you can rent one totally hassle free this is for smart people join the club a cloud notico call one eight hundred boat rent will be amazed just how easy to make all these things for you no docking cost no expensive upheaval insurance no hurricane preparation with a boat from cloud notico it's totally stress free and truly affordable too so call one eight hundred boat right right after we're back in the boat ready because cloud notico does it for you no cleaning up either a cloud notico here's how the deal works he just call him ahead of time they get to boat already you just hop on your boat and go and have a fantastic time when you're done pulling the dock it off and just walk away it's that easy cloud notico call him toll free at one eight hundred boat rent from unlimited boat into pays you go from small boats to our charters and everything in between all these things it's cloud notico call one eight hundred boat rent a lot of cloud notico take our plan to fit your needs and your budget get out of the water today the smart the hassle free way with cloud notico call one eight hundred boat rent this is a new Roger it's based by sixteen two eight five you happen all the time I'm a cat well congratulations get a life here's your brand honey and again it's so crappy you know I'd give my immortal soul for a brand that tastes good I heard that the album more to the underworld what are you doing here I heard you're not even your fiber bob perhaps you'd like to try a new be Alza brand what's so great about the Alza brand well one ball of the Alza brand has all the fiber you'll need to keep regular but the best part is if tastes great wow besides if you don't need your fiber your bowels will call the 20 minutes and the test of the full stretch was too much and big for a full okay okay I get the points so all right my brain there's a good fellow thanks so definitely one no problem and now about your mortal soul bob the Alza brand because good health shouldn't cost you your soul and the one you get the bad blue and thicker red black gold ass man it was bad all they like those leave put some clothes on those things I wonder if I got bad balloons in the new um oh man like that you know it would be missing something if they didn't yeah that's quite a senior all the animals are freaking out even the as um giraffes right where she first drives in the park and there's two tall giraffes and like kind like two in their cut we kind of know that giraffes did that but there they're doing it yeah that and then all of a sudden they were like a son of a bitch when i see who's in the car oh i stay me and we better get out of here cliff rights a fact upon a cliff i really thought all these crazy Christians were just follow when they told me say would appear on six six six but then today i was pulled over by a white devil for going forty and thirty five now i'm a believer Jesus touched me said yeah Jesus is going to touch you but you better be careful because it might be near your back home i'd rather like a like hell i'm not gonna have some Jesus right now forty and a thirty five why what a speed demon however i would have to vote on the poll we're just rolling along the sickness song i think you know my made the bad mistake i shouldn't have taken at them Bentley's the cough stuff before the show really why no that's why i was copying and heckers you're just like the rating it and here you go what we expect to be any of that's right so what i'll do is i'll pick it like a two is what i'll do because i'm supposed to be like every five hours or six whatever i'm going to get a one I thought that would be a bad idea because you know it's now how that is kind of past all things must pass right like gas yeah when norma when norma gets us our fart sounds back that's what i like assuming he's earning his money you know otherwise why even waste the time meeting with his boat you know he's having a big meeting on Friday what are you gonna do norma what are you gonna do huh just rehash the same old crap about how Joe likes his city wants his two but we put it up and uh kiss up to uh Josh and we expect his tremendous talent whatever's all about we can talk you waste your time norma huh like a dog baseball yeah there you go talk about your uh fantasy baseball and your fantasy radio because that's what we're working at speaking a crazy people green belt Maryland the father of rain marine who's funeral was piqueted by anti-gave protestors from a fundamentalist can't have disturbed those are the crazy people father and based on privacy suit against administrators on monday it was believed to be the first lawsuit brought by servicemen family against westbroke back to the church of tpkakans is that's the lunatic credit films was members routinely demonstrated military funerals around the country Albert Snyder of europe Pennsylvania the father of lands purple maturation letter is seeking unspecified damages the younger senator twenty died march third after nexon of the and bar province of Iraq he was very in west minister Merlin we think it's a case we can win because anyone's funeral was private Albert Snyder's lawyer Sean summer said you don't have the right to interrupt somebody's private funeral after finding the suit Snyder said a new conference that he hoped they have the judgment would leave the church members unable to afford to travel for more protests I wanted to stop he said the protest I didn't know there were people in the world who did stuff like this in other words oh yeah who's being naive now okay members of westbroke said military debts in america god's punishment for america's tolerance of gays they typically carry signs with slogan such as god hates fags and thank god for i.e. these reference to the roadside bombs used by insurgents is lovely the churches inspired dozens of state laws banning funeral protests what are you doing oh meet and communion whippers oh are you in the body of christian siams Jesus Christ the churches inspired doesn't state laws banning funeral protests including america law that didn't go to affect till after standard memorial surely Phillips wrote for a spokesman for the small congregation of crazy people said it's the first time westbroke has been sued by soldiers family but long overdue by the way we're exercising our first member of rights we said yeah yeah that's right spreading hate is that what it says the first member go around and spreading hate and crown cousin more distress it's not bad enough that a family's got a very their kid you know they're 20 year old son who is set off to be human a slah sacrifice that's not bad enough that they got to put up with these crazy people from Kansas crazy what I tell you religious people when they come anywhere near you run like a set of a bit so carry when I really regret it slam that door slam that door in your face and go get a load it go call chocques that's put anywhere to get loaded peace and also it gets to meet spandex pants you know he makes me look like a snappy dress I think those were fairer action slacks that out that out that out that he's wearing at the bowling for column by nerdy and it's just it's just it's a five description in fact I think he's got spandex skin old chuck if he acts me but tell all that I know you son of a yeah all that I know I'm not one in gunnuts conservative favor purity over cancer vaccine to see this story nope late last month and FDA advisory panel unanimously recommended approval of vaccine for human patelomavirus HPV the vaccine appears to be a hundred percent effective a hundred percent effective at protecting against the most prevalent viruses that cause several cancer while public health professionals be the vaccine is miraculous many conservative organizations opposed it on the grounds that might encourage promiscuity among adolescent girls now it appears for a certain that the FDA will approve the vaccine conservatives are attempting to discourage his use these are the flat earth people man these are the flat earth crowd crazy people the anti science anti uh intellectual anti anything people there remind me the Christian science you know don't go to the doctor you don't get any antibiotics just just pray I'd a girl I'd a girl in school high school family was Christian science and the father got ill and it wouldn't uh it wouldn't go to the doctor and it wouldn't like you know and it was something that he could have been treated for two as a turns out no doctor and guess what he died good guess hey hurt no more the pharmaceutical giant merc produced a vaccine notice gardous ill it'll be nothing short of a lifesaver meant for many women cervical cancer the second most prevalent cancer killer my women in America struck in the early 14 thousand women each year although nearly 4,000 die annually poor women and women of color will benefit the most from the vaccine as Latino and black women have the highest rates of cervical cancer lower income up and typically lack the funds and health insurance necessary that regular screening for HPP. Oh look at that. Despite the benefit oh I gotta do it really. Oh hmm I want to all. Oh yucky despite the benefit of the vaccine conservative organizations began to rally against the last year one of the most vocal opponents are the crazy people of the family research council the council for mostly junior Christian world view as the basis for a just free and stable society last October the council's president Tony Perkins there is again spoke decidedly against the vaccine mr Perkins proclaimed our concern is that this vaccine will be marketed to a seven of the population and should be getting a message about abstinence it sends the wrong message even stated he would not vaccinate his 13 year old daughter and it goes on a son or website by ginced's rard from dissidant voice kind of like stem cell research everything might help people who are desperate who are dying or sick everything where there might be you know something scientifically that makes sense what do we do that right god wants you to suffer that's why I have to be well he works in a serious way that's an adult of nails doing the devil's work again yeah that belt of stuff man I never in my life I never saw that before well you were raised Catholic well thanks god for that so about the one thing I will say for my family I can't say too much police to or you know good heathens although my father of course was in a bad Zionist crap because he had no life I have no right right and his whole family were bunch of crazed Zionists didn't care about Judaism or about religion and a guncrap but the Israel Oye is the elicidia for his head oh oh this is good man see near you're having a very dangerous one serious little in calories and carbs that's right have a totally calorie and carb free snack what are the nutritional value of Jesus oh macadamies this I don't know let's call the acen center I wonder if it's carb free oh yeah they got the low carb Jesus you know something that's a good point how come we don't have low carb wait for us in the church you know you're I think people want to start demanding that that's a good point the people that have weight of yeah firstly for people who buy a baby yeah maybe a soy based way for right 20 and after one and what about that wine man oh god huh you don't tell all the ghost he said no no if you have a business to need to get customers away from the competition and here's the perfect business partner for you pub said pretty in design pub second design and put everything in your arsenal just look at the display booth they made about me on our website down at the bottom of the page and I see you'll see those big ugly glasses I used to wear you'll wonder what a geek but it's a great display or see more of their phenomenal work on their website pub said sf.com pub said can print everything from business cards to vendors posted to their specialties trade your boots in this place pub said design and putting the very best for 14 years and pub said can handle all in house call nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five ever frank house used to catch for the attackers nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five and they had alkaline in right field better yet see for yourself and pub said sf.com look you're best to get those new customers in your business and it's pub said business to make you look really great call them at nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five go to that website there's pub said sf.com don't forget to look for my grotesque gruesome picture on their building on dixie highway just north of commercial two is the very best pub said design and printing all nine five four seven seven two seventy two seventy five this is meal rangers solid this is five sixteen two eight four David's a bitch home watch a TV and join the peace and fire I really need but I know that it won't last forever the don't bell has to ring and my best ever was witness the things they want to save me things they want to save me and I am a little bit too big I will drag your hands and my whole job away back home if you still want to visit and I drag your ass away I'll get it up us I'll tell you how to sail on my kill and kill with the face so don't you come up back in yeah the significance of that of course even though he's not your hope as witness Tony Orlando is a board again for that if you do know that I do he found Jesus you know what's his record stopped on and he found Jesus and the music by audience lost him he was on at tql wp's he was talking about how he was friends with rosemary whatever name was the pd rosy he was that he was rather big lupers and shakers in the music business so they wanted to record play down sick out of the head of go through her some italiana and then i figured what to last him no actually that's wrong she was a french Canadian her yeah like true genre some frog like that but anyway she had the power man speak of having a power up close to show you when you go to an instant you guys you're going to be amazed at the although you won't probably won't find these people there are any tiny minority but people in the world will you listen to this a Netherlands based evangelical organization has called on christians in twenty-month countries old a twenty-four-hour prayer vigil against satanic forces tomorrow so called devil's day i hope they're busy because it's already like 735 a night over there somewhere the date 666-0606 which fall today signify 666 the biblical number of the devil the beast and washer and calamities need to be into the world of course you got that volcano going off there right in somewhere where was it somewhere in the knees uh yeah i'm not sure what those i'm gonna say i'm hell Michigan is on see it and right now he wants to ice cream mine how it means to play and uh so we put together a little bit of celebration so tell us what happened over there uh we haven't had a freeze in the last year and a half that's when we hold our elections but health freeze is over thank you to you tell people to go to hell on a regular basis i'm sorry to get that you tell people to go to hell on a regular basis i mean you're the unofficial mayor you know we here we can get away the more people told you to come to our town and anywhere on earth so how did hell get its name now we already been through that we all want to say it's a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit anyway the dust based organization ambassadors ministries called it's twenty-four-hour prayer vigil from six p.m. Monday yesterday saying hope some two thousand Dutch christians mainly Protestants would take part as probably as many as they've gotten a whole country because you know what's right there by the old church though who will have is the red light district lost prostitute us we believe that the pansy enemy hands for this day two and sixty thousand six lead destroy through violent worship and praise violent worship well what is violent worship he's written on so much relations we're inviting the entire world of the part of this huge unity project it says on its website m and baseman dot org a m b a s m i n and baseman dot org the forces of evil are using this day m a th i p t of the organization told a f p through our ashwood want to stop them from achieving their goal the figure sixty six is named the number of the beast in the closing chapter of the bible the book of revelations otherwise known as the apocalypse of john chapter thirteen verse eighteen the book of the zipper reference to the coming of the devil i think we just seen them on tv little while ago he was saying things like that right never done any he'd be out of giving me haircut has long puzzled scars and demonologists demonologists what do you do for the m a demonologist and fed the fantasies of conspiracy theorists and writers of ghost stories i'm a demonologist i trade when i be fun that would be it's a christ demon christ is the holy pad robberts and has his own protein drink there is a video of him claiming that his protein drink that he sells in g and c give me a ability to uh oh yeah i've seen the thing on ad to press two thousand pounds this way the six hundred pounds more than the world record can be said not that he's a crazy person or lies a lot religious people would never lie to you a can be seen on the seven heart club site says i apologize for all the way where where where they know i i haven't uh i'm specifically made a word of the shape i did see him like a bench pressing like four pounds to the other thing something like that actually was listening like a tea bag or something i'm speaking of uh yeah you said you had to be drinking tea i didn't yeah you should no instead i got my fisherman's friend little late now but that's all how do you know that well let me know make a silver that i'm gonna have a lot of huh to get you the spot coffee this is going i'm not coughing what you just heard was just uh fake an illusion okay let's take a whole bunch of calls between now and two o'clock okay okay we already done our duty on the pool we got probably close to 12 we got 11 37 rhymes with heaven and seven come 11 i like seven 11 lopter and i like six six six 11 13 seven both and i still got my lucky urinals by the way uh wood vine lucky urinals two of them well one in the back depending on where i'm part of the place i'm planning and then one up from the front the one in the middle do they ever pay off yeah and every now and then you'll be in there like flush out about 500 bucks incredible five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon singular wireless nine factor a couple of machines i'd like to take a leak uh i'm not even mentioning or maybe just a slight hammer would be good somebody q a m hello hello kneel yes hey an honor of a 66 uh how about a little all you can even get a possibility co-same good time yeah i was about paid a tell from your time for you guys excellent thought thank you sir now pray for you a pray for your heath and soul okay you heath and fast you're gonna rot in hell unless you get yourself right with the lord i you know i just i don't know how i've tolerated that all my life you know not that have been around that many of those people but i just it just makes me furious what you have to they touch such cocka man i touch such foolishness and then and then like when the pope come to these different places like what he was in cologne Germany which is such a hip city man so many young people and beautiful people and like um people living in the present day as opposed to the stone age and the pope comes in line like what he was here a couple years ago the previous pope the fat one the stye by the stye by the stye by the slab by the slab and these uh thousands and hundreds of thousands of young people come and schlep it around to see this a little man in the dress what are you people thinking about what are you thinking about there are the people i needed to see that show that i made you watch your last week that's right illuminating angels and demons that they're the ones that need to be forced by the sea that all the corruption in the bs and they all was a book that nobody's allowed to look at yeah it would back in banking scan all this uh garbage the world's largest closet man how about our guarantee if john provolta wants to find a forget about scienceology he wants to find a place to hide along with the uh tummy crew is just head for the Vatican no problem at all never be seen again come to qa m hello yes sir uh to paraphrase the bridge tender follow me on this this where you should know your baseball you got that trivia wrong i'm don't matter if he's home run yeah art bit martinac give up the home run i'm gonna say a rav Terry gave up the home rav said that Chuck Thompson called a wrong he said art did martrose no he was in the bullpen art did marty saying art did martrose in the banking bullpen when Terry threw the picture as rav he hit it it was in mid sentence that's why all i see why never to this day i never knew that i thought he made a mistake and i thought it was great and that's the thing they did the commercial about that one of the beer companies and uh and well and they did something about the interview dark did mart and he said they got it all worn i was in the bullpen right well parians dead now he goes he goes he said my name because i was warm up in the bullpen and he came to the down to the river he was about to say art did martrose in the bullpen for the bank he said right here and i'm i don't say that you you have just added five minutes to my life well what can i say he was warm up in a pate to call empty was coming up and he was going to bring it down here you do under your understanding for the uninitiated the rest of the people who didn't know the difference that a lot of people thought it was our dead mart throwing the pitch because of the way it was interrupted Chuck Thompson was great he never would have made that mistake yeah okay you got it by my eyes pali and that's good see i told you listen to me that's an important call in my all these years that's forty six years i've been on the missing interpretation and i've said it on the air a few times i've talked about that not that anybody cares but this guy had to write in focie that's two mistakes in one day first of all johns says that Henry or never was in a play for the moly he'd worse and was never a deal and you say that why said that i know so i made the listen we make so many mistakes on his show it's in what about that pain with cancer inherited here about that all my about it how to go to you talk about hunky dumpedy you talk about q a m one forty two older g name is her what if the federal measure was going to rate to interest rate that name is always is bugged a happy she's okay he never stole a freighting with g name is sir uh come up with the name is a pretty much believe i'd like gini uh my hamad off made the abdule uh shorts exotic a mimey beaches of fun exciting venue for the public to purchase the hottest new products and services from the adult industry all of these things right oh my god meat adults are including jana jamesson and the club jana girls to rapatric and others take pictures you can brag about for years pretend something you're starting happened chaffers something sexy cd lord is punching me right now chaffers something sexy and largest in all market place on these coast enjoy entertainment on stage with x-ranging from the comedic stylings of runger me wow the human furball to a 15 person male and female group a performance at a group group probably enjoy hours of entertainment for less hot body context lots more what whatever way to start to celebrate your sexiness enjoy it with exotic at the mimey convention center promises to be a memorable experience go to exotica mimey dot com that's with three exes triple x exotic mimey dot com by tickets check out who's coming and get in full nightly after parties uh well right uh pilot and it closed in the dark sounded by the exotic mimey dot com friday june night that's just friday to sunday do a lot of this weekend and mimey beach convention center must be 18 year old valed by the being horny couldn't hurt exotic mimey beach a celebration of sexy is a meal ruggers mix is five sixty two eight uh oh baby how many of you who did a you believe we have been a group star beach we are having a sale on camera our baby we am hot about many flavors we pray that is not each of our scene directors we but You're fair. It's 147 at 5.60 WCM. Don't forget, religion is the source of all evil. Not money, there's nothing wrong with having a lot of money depending on what you do with it. But as far as all other history mankind, it's right there. It's like an open book man. Not the good book, the landmark, the evil book. Pick your poison. Whichever book you like, how about then tablets, man? It's Joseph Smith had him tell my or New York, where they have for medicine. Yeah, as a matter of fact, if you were in Palma, I would probably want to drop a few tablets too. Maybe some acid. I've been hurt. The Board of Governors at American Bar Association voted unanimously yesterday to investigate whether President Bush has exceeded this constitutional authority and reserving the rights of a normal than 750 laws that had been enacted since he took office. Meeting in New Orleans, oh man, the top with town. The Board of Governors of the World's largest association of legal professionals of the proof of creation of an all-star legal panel, with an number of members from both political parties. The All-Star Legal Panel. What's that you're going to be on? They include a former federal appeals court chief judge, a former FBI director, and several prominent scars to evaluate Bush's assertions that he has the power to ignore laws that can put with his interpretation of the Constitution. That sounds like a dictator to me. This was up as he goes along as if we didn't know that. Bush has appended statements to new laws of the law. The law is Bush has challenged by the ban on church-winged detainees over-site provisions in the USA. Patriot Act and whistle-law protection for federal employees. The challenges of also included safeguards against political interference in taxpayer funder research, Bush has challenged more laws than all previous presidents combined. That's the opposite of the Board. All previous presidents put together. Got it? Got it? That was just very important, but brief facts. Oh, here's one for the poll water math. I thought it him before I forgot to say it. All right. So thanks, H. W. For us any minute in water math. I'm sure we've asked a lot of really great people off of the country. People, huh? I'm sure we did, but you know, these people, they though, very fortunately, and luckily for then they haven't called said, I got one for the poll. And I don't think anybody has said that all day had they. No. Finally, training them. We're just taking only how many years now. Twenty-three men in the slow and pond-risk way. But that's all right. Better late than never. A catch an on. That one fell on. That's all right. And tomorrow we're going to do a more dead people. Now what inspired me on this day? I was the dead, uh, grateful dead guy. Right. The keyboardist, the keyboard guy for the grateful dead that died over the weekend. And then, of course, we got all the dead heads called and he asked, oh, you're wrong about that. And he, oh, they were one of the greatest touring bands. Yeah, the problem was their music sucked. That's a problem. Other than that, they were great. They may have put on a really wild show and people have an really great time. And, you know, we live in the 60s again. We live in their hippy hood and all of the crap, which is basically what that's all about. No, no, no. He's like they're frozen in time. Kind of like our man is me. You know, the like and suspended animation. They can't move. And they're just living their whole life. It's like the latter day hippies. You know, our good friend, uh, Woody Grayber. Good guy, but he's stuck in the 60s. Of course, even if he did get a haircut, he wouldn't look like much anyway. But nevertheless, good guy, what are you just, uh, you're in a wrong decade. You're living in a past. You know, it's like a side or a scrub, you know, living like in, uh, in centuries, like hundreds, thousands of years ago, dark eighties. Right, that's correct. Here's that pull results so far. I hope we do we pull water math on our. We did, we did. Who is your favorite dead actor or actress? I know we've done this before, but they forgot. 1150 votes. That's not too bad. 1150. Let's see. What was that stage? Was that, uh, I think 1130 was WBT and Charlotte North Carolina. I think 1150 was KMLX. Can we Google it real fast? I'm going to do it. KMLX, look at that. What Capitia? What is that? KMLX news? I don't want KMLX news. Oh, it's 1120. Uh, uh, another mistake. I told you the anti-Christ was on the list. That's like three major mistakes I've made today. Oh, God. Four. I actually came in here. KMLX is 1120. Now what about WBT and Charlotte, without redeeming it for was 1130? I don't know. Well, honestly, when you, when you Google it, it takes you right to their website these stations. WBT USA and that's something else. I want to do the here. 1110. What did I say was 1130? I was close. Huh? And 1110 is right next to 1120. Next to, um, KMLX. So they're like side by each, is they say? Huh? And 1110 is right next to 1120. Next to, um, KMLX. So they're like side by each, is they say side by each? They're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like that. They're like Santa ahead. The coolget isfully suspicious. And bankrupt 9, 100 Bogue Art Bogies on a guide 8. Audrey Hepburn 5, Sterling Hayden 5, Water Maths, Alcillament 8 Dose, and Legia Cabern Henry Fonda only have Uruwapis. This is Neal Roger actually impressive. This is 5.62. A rock. For a soccer Catholic, questioning your faith? Feel you need divine intervention or at least divine counsel? Well now there's a hotline just for you. You have reached the Vatican today's moral issue, a portion if you are a pro-choice. First one. Thank you. You are going straight to hell. Find out where the church stands on today's issues. And where you stand with the church. Today's moral issue, Earth Control. If you use contraceptives, first one. Thank you. You are going straight to hell. Get this straight food from the bottom. 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Call 1-900. Hey, Pope! Today's moral issue. Pre-marital sex. If you engage in pre-marital sex, press 1. Ah, thank you. Have fun while you can. Because you are going straight to hell. Call 1-900. Hey, Pope. That's 1-900. H-Y-V-O-V-E. Just 50 cents a minute. Remember, you can pay now. Or pay later. Bye-bye!