The music's pressed on the previous programs are those of the host. Hey, guess somebody Christmas party's not coming up. Go get it. Go get it. Oh, we've been going on zero. The biggest name is the best talent. Guess how many Hanukkah party's are going to come out. Oh, that's it. Who's that? More sucking. Where you've done it up with her. When Jim Bush and its Flavio lettuce later, put her feeding to back for another lifeless decade in a hopeless vegetative coma. Now, it just won't be the media explaining to every child with you here. Every child sing the holiday glassing. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Look there. Oh, that was. on behalf of the journalist everywhere. So how much somebody stepped on her? She wrote there at the answer and well anyway. Well, let's see her now. 10.02. 5.16. How happy Tuesday. December 12th. Oh, man. Is this the best time of the year or what? It's the worst. This is the worst time of the year. Yeah. And of course, this is basically a time where like most holidays, but this more than any other. Where people use this as an excuse to get drunk. Okay. No, that's what it's all about. People use this time of the year as an excuse to go out and put all these Christmas parties and get just absolutely plastered. And that's what it's all about. And overeating. Don't forget overeating. Overreading in a force feeling compelled to give gifts to people. I really couldn't give her crap less and spending a lot of money they can't afford to spend. But other than that, it's swell. It's the best. So Merry Christmas happy Hanukkah and happy quads all the other. Cocker Iron Man at a great time. More than 60 day laborers killed by suicide bombs in Baghdad today. The Iraqis mostly poor Shiites according to new reports were lured close to Bomblay and vehicles by suicide bombers claiming they had worked for them and do the fatality County still. They're still counting the bodies in the body parts and all of this stuff. All of these things. So do they count like ears or you know, how do they even, you know, Rears, they count Rears. Because you know, when you have multiple body parts like eyes and fingers and toes and stuff like that. But when it comes to, uh, Rectom ass generally speaking most people have only one. And some people are all ass as you were well aware. Oh yeah. Some people are like from head to toe from the top of their head to the bottom of their head to toe. They're all Rectom ass, but nevertheless, or speaking of all ass, that includes somebody who over that was the fact didn't for mining that fact yesterday, which everyone on the year giving me a lecture about the show last Friday. You know, one thing I do want to say, I have no regrets one none zero of doing that show last Thursday. And then of course there were a lot of people that didn't hear it and wanted to hear more in Friday. Although that's the, uh, I have nothing more to say about that. But I do have some to say about all these mavens out there who are experts on my life for the kind of first time, they're, uh, I doubt that there's anybody I know. Maybe one or two people are friends of mine, but other than that, there's nobody listening right now who knows me. This is a radio show. This is a voice that comes over your radio and has for almost 31 years now in his God forsaken outdoor septic tank of a place. So you don't know squat about me or where I'm coming from or what I'm all about. But of course we have all these experts out there to want to give you an interpret and let me say this to interpret whatever you want, whatever makes you happy, whatever makes you feel good, you are the experts. I'm just a schmuck on a radio making a couple of bucks. You are the experts. Oh, that is neither Georgian Gibbs which we're going to get to her in a second. No, it's another another that you have to pay. If you don't get it, no, not right. Oh yeah. Oh no. Nobody knew him either. What's that, uh, what was that mean? Oh, we knew him. Oh, that's that's that's it. You don't know me. Oh, I see. I thought maybe there was something deeper in darker. He didn't see that movie and of course the Jamie Foxy can really belt out a tune, can he? No, but that was a good movie nevertheless. Well, I'm happy to hear it. I'm not, I mean, I like Rachel's music, okay. He was just fine. But it's not, I mean, if it was the fast download story which he's still alive, he survived nollene's. He survived Katrina. But if it was that, I'd go see it because I'm a big fast download fan. You know, it's crazy. But Ray, I wouldn't go see now. We're not wasting my time. Go see it. But I'm, I'll take youward for that was great movie. And you interrupted when I was read on a bird you're chewing out whoever sent that in Sip it, idea. Oh, it's the other fun about that facts. And then this, this is, here's the message about South Florida. This is the kind of people I speak to every day and half for all these years and you know something. Uh, I'm making some pretty good bucks doing it. So who cares? But just listen to these calls which of course is what the audience wanted. They wanted a lot of calls and far beyond from us to deny him. And that's what you need to know about South Florida. But that facts was it said, there's a first time that eight years I had a tour of you off because it was Bad radio, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And of course it didn't just mention the thing on the, on the Myspace. Also about Tom Brady and Brady Quinn. Well, let me just again remind you five days from now, Beat December 17th. That'll be 30 years. December 17th that I came out of the closet on the air that I read that prepared statement that, you know, whatever. I'm not going to go through the whole thing again. I have no regrets about doing that. And here we are all these years later and it's still the, that's the one thing that's the one deal I got. There, there are a tack. You're fat. Yeah. And so what about it? Now I'd like to know, you know, all the times that you guys talk about Jessica Alba or whoever the Scarlet Johansson. Sure. I don't see anyone say, oh, when you head a road stop talking about all these hot chicks, you know, it's really disgusting. I mean, well, what do I care? I think it's great. I think it's great. We all have our fantasies. We all have that little thing inside of us that's cranking our thing. And if we don't have that, we might as well be dead. Sometimes it's not so little. Well, sometimes it's a big thing that's cranking whatever it is. Whatever. So all of this business, all of the sudden I don't know where. Well, you and Tom Brady are pretty cool. Well, you know, after Sunday, who do I want to admit, you know, who cares about Tom Brady? And number two, you know, I'll look at whoever I want to look at. And I'll admire whoever I want to look at. And I'll lust for whoever I want. And by the way, there ain't nobody on our mice face page or anywhere else connected with the internet that I'm Lusting for these days. Okay. Recently, lately or at this moment. But again, they know they got all the answers and they know where you're coming from. And nobody would be like that. And there's no, there's no generous, nice people out there. Okay, whatever you say, you are the experts. You owe me like the song says or you know, whatever it said because I'm on the air. Verse said, and it's like when they do these interviews with people are in soap operas, you know, and it's been a year for years and play evil characters, you know, and and people meet them like in and Shopping walls and in parking lots. You know, good runs. Yeah, and they start pitching them up because they hate to hear if you're they play in a soap opera. Same thing. Same thing. This is a radio show. And you know, just like that line in a Godfather, or done Coroleon is sitting out there by the tree and with Michael having that chat about he's warning him that they're going to come out, have the meeting and assassinate. Right. This is, I don't apologize for my life. Yeah, I made a living for my family. Whatever he says, I remember exactly what. This is something like that. But I wanted something better for you. Yeah, that's right. Set it according on whatever another peasant of auntie. Whatever it hell out. I mean, I still don't know what that means. Another peasant of auntie. I like the word though. I like that small tea of tine. Peasant of auntie. It's just something about all those words. It's something about being an Italy and hearing those words that are really like, especially the food, especially the food and those beautiful Italian people. Of which there are some, then there's some other ones. Many other, I totally this once before. When you go to Italy, there are all these different kinds of look. You know what I mean? Yeah. I might be on a describing that well. But it'll draw me a picture. Facts. No, you know what I'm saying. There's like the Roman nose, the big nose, the Roman fingers. Beautiful people over there too. But anyway, that's beside the point. Don't start with your perversion again on here. It's a holidays now, being very bad taste. But let's see this picture. So anyway, George already gave you the tea's on George. It's all I've been hearing before the show this morning. It's all these corny, Georgie Gibbs songs. And there's not anybody other than chicken, egg and this audience. It holds like me that even remembers George's Gibbs. How come we're not hearing any yet? Oh, because I have to import them. Well, come on, let's go. You should have known that we were going to get to this. I'm not going to spend the whole day chewing out people out there who send me stupid facts on the P.I. Call. There she is. He's dead. She was in the center. Oh. So, the note. I touched your lips and all it wants the spark. Or could she fell out of tune with all this rock? Yeah, she rocked like a... I know I see the danger still the flame grows higher. Piss off fire. George again. It's okay. That's enough. Baby. They certainly hang way. I'm right. To make a... Why should I open me again? You gotta dance with me, man. Oh, baby. I can't stand off. Come on. I've downloaded three. So, George it gives hits all the time. Or else I can hear the... He was playing with me. We can be glad she's dead now. Yeah. That's right. That's a good point after her knee songs. Be quiet. Be quiet. Be quiet. Be sure to do this. He's getting roll-bumping, getting more. That's correct. Can't stand out. Yes. Don't go away, George. Don't do. George did get me seven. A versatile, bold voice singer as you heard there. She could build out about a tenth of an ounce of... ...a sound. Old voice singer? You know what was out again the other night? I got... Standing in the shadows of Motown. You know, you know me lately I've been like... ...and a... ...abscessive... Obsessive personality. That's right. And I lost it again. I just... ...smitten with that movie, man. I just love that movie. Standing in the shadows of Motown. If you want to buy somebody something nifty for the holidays ...by the way in the DVD line, standing in the shadows of Motown If you want to buy somebody something nifty for the holidays ...by the way in the shadows of Motown. If you want to buy somebody something nifty for the holidays ...by the way in the shadows of Motown. I just play all the music from that today. But I doubt it. George. Oh god. Take this man and put him back on his rubber rack before he creates any word ...sourists for us. Old stuff on the grunt now. It's not...not very hard. Yeah. Yeah. Grunt on this. Yeah. Okay. Now that was...oh he's dead now. Yeah. That's sad. That's for you saying. What was his name? Don't tell me. Oh my god. I have to look it up. Yeah. You're gonna have to. Ah. You're useless. Not a rough in is it? What? A muffin? A muffin? A muffin? Oh that's a tough original one. Oh that was the original one. I was... ...Jerl L'Averte is the one who sang the song. Oh, yeah. But the original one was... ...and I can never figure out is a David Ruffin or Jimmy Ruffin. I'm not a David Ruffin. David Ruffin. Okay. Or maybe it's...I think Jimmy Ruffin did what becomes the broken heart and then Joan Osborne did that in the movie and I just love Joan Osborne. She is just... ...fabilose. Everybody in there was good except for that. The one who's got like all constants in her name, whatever her name is. Chuck a com. No. And Anne heard. Yeah. Yeah. That's Joan Osborne. Yeah. Okay. Let's get music intensive for the holidays. All right. Let's do it. Okay. So George gives us dead and she had... ...Mell...Mis gives along with Pat Boone, Patty Page, ...other white singers of the 50s. One more airplane TV is supposed to make the black artist of their who recorded the same songs. The Jim Crow policy isn't media outlets in the marketing power of major record labels. Limited of careers of black performers. Unable to sell as many records as their white counterparts. Mis gives it rest his controversy in later decades. Expressing some sympathy but mostly frustration and unfairly being single up is an artistic thief. She covered Le Verne Baker's trial a lot with Brown's mom, Bobavian, and Edad James Riske, Roll with me Henry, which was later changed to a Ms. Gibbs version of dance with me. Henry, not Roll with me. That sounds like... Hard to say. Yeah. You see, if you bitch. She was 87 and she died of leukemia. I think it's number nine, which was Saturday. She's dead. And believe me, none too soon. The biggest name so best challenge to the business. Will you rot your ass? Good. Absolutely. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. I think I forgot something. I'm not really sure. Wonder what is the same. How busy nothing under my dress. And the photographs all over the press. You have no common sense in always just so terribly made. I'm busy with you. Where's my underwear? I pull out a pair. No really, I swear. How busy, crazy, oh, don't play baseball. Don't think I'm a boar. I'm just an idiot. Where's my underwear? I'm not something I'm in. Please help me, Paris. How busy, crazy, oh, don't play baseball. All over the way. My comeback is dead. I'm such an idiot. I don't think I'm a boar. I think that a lot of common person written in all the press. I'm not that one. Go. It was really hot. And Paris is about as hot as Norris. But never was. I interrupted myself before I was making a point about that idiot. It's a fact I got yesterday. I gave me the lecture about the first time in eight years. What about those other eight years? How many facts did I get from that person saying? Well, I sure enjoy your show. And thanks for all the free great entertainment. Almost every day. Right. Right. Never got such a thing. You have to do the kind of show that they want. I read that. Of course. I'm doing the show just for that particular person. And if you only had a turn of off once in eight years, that's a pretty bad thing average. Right. Because you know, coming up with material every single day. You know, that's easy. But you can do that. So I've picked in the bananas off a ass. Pick and bogies. That's right. Anyway, here's the pull from yesterday. Which of these do you want to hear no more about? Paris Helton speak of the devil. Man, if she got talent, what? 405. She went pretty easy. Brittany and Kevin, three hundred and nineteen. A stellar second spot. And third place with a fairly strong showing meals, buddy Jacob, who's gone into his vanishing routine again quite frankly. Who cares? A branch of the 120 sports talk, one eleven. Well, that did better than we would have thought, you know? To what I vote. Guess because we don't do narrow casting on the show. We don't have what's his name. Harvey, Pat. Well, what's the guy's name? Who? To the guy in the house, bird? Not that guy. The other one. I don't know. Is Miguel there? He went and gave me a little bit of a way from the seat. But I forget his name. I'm talking about drick, street, dirt, whatever. A Brady Quinn 99. Well, guess what? If you're going to listen to the show, you'll hear all about Brady Quinn as much as I long talk about because I find him to be a lovely human big. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, man. Hey, Brady. See, now we're talking serious. Iraqi D2, politics sixty seven, Christmas fifty six. Oh, do I hate this time of the year or what? Absolutely. It is strictly for Graham. I hate this pool of fifty three and global warming only thirty four. That was our four this time. Okay, I'm sure that you probably just weren't sending to the faxes from that person every day saying, oh man, you're sure was so, you know, I thought I'm big in that ask is anything but right. It's interesting to me. This is the South Florida syndrome. The one time that you do something that they don't approve of, that they didn't like that. They thought was bad radio. Whatever the hell it was. It's like, oh, gee, well, you know, they'll certainly find the time, even if this busy time of the year they'll find the time to look how many posts we got already a thousand three votes. It's 1021, you know, where your children are and we got a thousand three votes already. Wow. I'll tell you what thing there must be somebody out there and spread that really bad show I did on Friday. It sounds like I'm lecturing your audience today. It's because I am. Because it just, yeah, it's just that time of the year when they need. And all you kids out there if there are any kids who are like, you know, playing hookier, the kids in school theater they are already. Still school. Oh, anybody that's playing hookier or just pass a message along to the kids. I do whatever year at this time and have for many, many years your parents lied to you kids. There's no Santa Claus. Oh, come on. There's no God. There's no Jesus. There's no Santa Claus. There's not even no Abraham or Solomon. There wasn't Abraham Solomon though. He was my grandpa. There wasn't Abraham Solomon. Or you've fasted this to me. Oh, it's already seen how come somebody didn't come in and tell me that this was okay to discuss on the year. I mean, they told me that was going to happen. I don't know. Well, that's what we got going on there. You know, the thing with the copy yesterday. I get a piece of copy yesterday for an account that has got no phone number on it. And the account that does all their business by telephone by the way, and there's no phone number on it. And then of course Hank Schmendrick Guerrero comes in at this morning. But it would be, but it would. Oh, brother. I think the audience should have been like a big flying wall. That's what he gave me. Fuck, that's what he told me. This one did this and this one didn't do that. Yeah, it's the usual screw up. Anyway, here's some sad news. And I'm, and again, it's just a cost cutting measure. They want to save the money. They're going to put some cheap crap on there, I guess. Yeah, evidently. Ed Caplin's light night program, the first sports talk show on WQN 20 years ago has been discontinued. And let me just say right now, I haven't seen it in a long time, but he is a great guy. I like him a lot. He's real niche. Yes, he is. And I remember back in the day when the Panthers were still playing in the old Miami arena, which I used to go to every home game almost never missed a one. And several times, you know, I'd be going to the game and he'd be waiting on the steps of the arena. And he would come over, hey, Ed, I'm, I need to, I'm Ed, kid, whatever my name is. I'm, I'm, I had Caplin, I always didn't reduce himself to me like I would know who he was, which I, I, I thought that to be a little strange, but I guess he figured you know, you're a big superstar, and you know, I'm just an aka. He's a good guy. We all like it aka. Nobody don't like it aka. Well, and I take that back, it's our photo. I'm sure we'd find plenty of people. I don't like whoever it is. You're right. Caplin's final 10 aim to 2 AM, uh, tempied to 2 AM program every December 22, I mean, Julia few days away. Caplin said he, uh, was told to move his solely for economic reasons. He's been offered an opportunity to end with a station as a fill-in host. He's still helping to find something full-time. He's been contact with the market's other sports station. Seven, 90 to take it, we actually wish him only the best. Even if he goes across the street. He's just, uh, good guy. QAIM was a golden old East station one, Caplin, who wrote this. Oh, Tom Jicker wrote this. Not an article about radio by Tom Jick and Ed of course is because Tom has been filling it on. Ed, he can show every now and then, Tom, the time. So that's why since Tom is involved in it, he writes about radio. WQAIM was a golden old East station one, Caplin, started with program in the fall of 1986. When the show generated a following, and I will say this again since I'm being so gay. These last couple of weeks, and it's the holidays. You're supposed to be jolly and happy and gay. I have mentioned this before that I did meet Tom Jicker's son one time. We were 20, early 20, and that was a very good looking young man, shocking to me. And I said that before. Yes. He was a fine-looking young man. Anyway, when the show, I don't know what that has to do with anything. But it just goes to show you the kind of things that I remember. Just like you guys, you remember those kinds of things, just like I do, and we all do. Those are the kind of things you remember. But of course, with the 99% of these straight people out there, always assume that all you fags, it's all you want to do is chase somebody down and hop on your body. Or whatever you say. Well, we'll just say we'll do it all. We'll just, huh? So I was great by the way to do it. Well, like I said yesterday, I mentioned that that I'm not going to be hand-shitting it. When the show generated a following, the station hired the late John Moynihan for early in the evening, creating a sports block that grew into WCU's all sports format. I never knew that. I've told right now. I never knew that. Till this moment, I thought it was a Virginia all along. I thought it was to tag me all along. The time he is a... Sorry. I hate that GD-Bodzini. Kaplan left QA in 1993 for WI and ZF to be has to preview his heat owners who wanted a sports program to air after the heat games when I and ZBK in the team's flagship station. He returned to QM96. Here comes the saddest part. WQM fans to fill Kaplan's spot with syndicated ESPN radio network shows, which opens up a pot, smoke it, open up a pot and just to put some syndicated crap on here. Well, that's cheap. But the way that means from 10 at night until 5 in a morning we're going to be putting that on here. You're close friend Barry Jackson also wrote an article. Did he really in the Harold? Well, I'll be sure and grab that right through. I'll grab right on with. 26 after 10 at 5.60. Let's get these holidays over with already. Okay, I've got one more major milestone, which I'm sure is going to turn to nothing anyway. It's just going to be... You know what? I'm already prepared for that. I'm not going to discuss it on the year. Even if it does happen, it's just one of those things. There are those people out there who are sincere and are worth, you know, worrying about them. There are people out there who are like... What is like butterflies, you know what I mean? It's a little team. It's like team. You're evasive and elusive. Remember that song by Bob Linde? Elusive butterfly, but you don't have that. If you got that, this audience will be swooning, especially if they hear any of it. It's enough to make me swoon. Elusive butterfly by Bob Linde. No, we can't. I'm relish into Paul by the way. Huh? I got it. Hang on. No, no! Oh my God. Elusive butterfly, we can't get in when you think you got it. I'll have to say that. Good to wear it. I got it. It's gone again. You might wake up. Oh, good song. Okay, that's enough. Oh, oh! That was a memory of his mission. And I'm sure you can see why. Oh, my how is this started repeater? It's making it come back. Oh, God, you're breath so beautiful. From the creators of ours comes yet another medical drama about a man who's arrogant. So I can't speak to me and the best damn doctor at county general. He's Dick MD. If it to me straight, Dr. Dick, am I gonna die? Well, we're all gonna die. Just that you're gonna do it a lot sooner than the rest of us. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It's nothing. So unconventional, his bit side man are unbelievable. Well, you can either go and die it through lose weight or let the maggots do it when you're six feet under. If you're in a way, you're gonna be skingier. Dick MD, no, it's not a doctor's job to make you feel better. Did Ralph make it for surgery, Dr. Dick? No, I don't know. I can't be. I'm not fall ready. He made it. Okay, Ralph made it. There you feel better. Chase, you tell people bad news. I got all said. Oh, can I see you? Sure, he's waiting for you in the morning. Oh, yeah. And he's attitude like his patience is sick. And over years ago, somebody I know told me he was going to be Dr. Dick, but the words weren't necessarily in that order. 1033, 27 before love. Let's take a look at that schedule for today. Mad Dog Jim Mandage at 2 o'clock. There's only one Jim Mandage. Somebody said it at the, maybe many mad dogs, but there's only one Jim Mandage. Then the power hour with Hank and a mad dog together at 4, 5 to 7. It's the Humper Solo. Working off some of those extra pounds. Come on. Burn off some calories. A panther people with seven panthers and the Anaheim mighty ducks at the Mcerwin at 7.30 tonight. And then Eddie K follows that. Well, not that many shows left for Eddie came. We're sad to see him go. He's a good guy. Great American and never stole a freight train. Thousands and 36 votes on the pool. What's going on here, man? What is going on here, rat man? What do you really want for Christmas, Hanukkah Kwanza, whatever your celebrate? And then somebody, uh, facts this in. This was a good fact. It was a good poll. I can share as opposed to the hostile facts about for the first time in eight years. I had a turn you up. But you know what screw you? How's that? I gave me eight free years of entertainment. Every day was a gem. Every day enhanced your life. I never charged you a penny. It was free. But then all of a sudden when something happened at the end, it was bad radio. Too bad. Screw you. 1,036 votes. And I see I need to butcher up. That's what I need to do instead of like all of a sudden in my late stages of my life training. Some kind of a wimp and emotional cripple. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. And if I am going to do it, I got news for you. And I case it is going to have to be for something tangible and real. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. As opposed to like being the godfather of the universe, the people I barely even know. You know what I'm saying? I do. If you're going to like demon and humiliate yourself, do it for somebody. That's really worth it. That's really worth it. That's really worth getting, which is a totally different category. 1,036 votes. What do you really want for the holidays? Will peace, which was lagging badly in the poll early, but suddenly it came rising on the top because these people want us to think that they're really, you know, they're really into a one in love and all out of the world piece, one fifty seven to be in the Hills will, one forty eight. And guess what? What chances there that any of you are going to be in my will? Uh, pretty slim. 148. Depending on who's listening. A three-sum would two good looking strangers, one twenty three. Well, that sounds pretty good. Yeah, almost voted for that. I've had that long time ago, as a matter of- It wouldn't exactly strangers, but yeah. Identical twins, but anyway, I don't want to go back to that. Well, I would like to go back to that right now as a matter of fact. I get that a lot of his room. Wish they were over there to write in the next room in my bed. Sex with a good looking stranger, one or one, that's what I voted for, but then again, I don't have to wait for the holidays for that, you know? No involvement. No, you want to know your name. Just what do you got and let's have a good time? For our meet-a-retire, meaning them, 98. Well, get to me. There's a few people want me to return to. And guess what? Hey, the right today is to you. No chance. I'm going to continue being here just every day. Just to educate those people want me to retire. Every day. And you know something that they, I do return. That's going to be for many of you out there of very sad day. What are you going to do then? Yeah, many, many. But anyway, for people to return, I think George voted for that. He'd like to retire for the holidays, 98. Can't afford to do it. Unfortunately, this is not a lot of you. Bring him a whole bunch of money. Please. Or, no. Either one. A new job, 88. One of the girls, Corvette 65. Right. A freesum with my spouse in the Govoking Stranger 50. A new car, 46. Like Rod Roddy used to say. A new car. A new car. How about an old car? Yeah, I just, I don't know. I do like that show in Bob Bark. I never did get that article about Bob Barker. Maybe dying. Of course, he's only 145. Maybe that's why he's returned. It took near death for him to finally hang it up. Nothing for the holidays, 43. I guess I should have voted for that. I don't want none. For my family not to spend my money, 26. Too late. Good. A good machine, man, 25. A good machine. I'm thinking maybe right now, I'll call it up during the next break. During this, come a break call. My camp guy and go out there and find a good machine today. What do you think? Okay. Well, it's easy. My mother says, my money that I might be losing my ass. What do you want to know about it? I don't. Because I was like something you want to do. So do it. I said, I'm thinking. I'm thinking how easy I am. I'm compulsive. I've got this obsessive behavior. First of all, okay. It's better to be wasting about going. I don't even know. I obsess about going to play in a royal fortune. Let's say anyway. Don't you die. You won't die. What do you mean by that? I could say if you went out and got some ice cream, which is the other thing that you. I'm not going to be doing that. I'm going to be doing that. One 89 and 08 or some of itself. It's still just hovering under way. Yeah, I'm doing okay. Even for the holidays because I don't celebrate the holidays. And I don't drink. So I can't drink even if I wanted to, which I don't. But that's where it is. Hey, look, here's the article from the Sun Sentinel by Tom Jacob about that. Captain, the one I just read on the screen. I can't say so much. I'll get to one by Barry Jackass momentarily or maybe not. A good machine, man. 25, I want a good machine. A big bag of weed. 23. If you can't bring George Banks full of money, bring him a big bag of weed. You'll take some of the green. I'll take some of the back yard. I hate this full 15 for Neil to retire. 14. Brady Quinn 12, but you can't have my got first dibs. And a good meal for. Out of 14, so. Yeah, a lot of low sun are considering it's the holidays and that. It must be because of those fabulous calls we had yesterday. And don't worry, don't you fret your brow, man. We'll have a lot more of those today. I mean, good not those, but I mean, probably those. Tons more calls today and all through the holidays because we're here to like give you a little, you know, tickle on a bottom of your foot. Or maybe on your back door wherever wherever you let us stick our finger. Wait till you hear this. You can speak in a speaking of that. I think this is a good segue. The founding pastor of a second Colorado Church has resigned over gay sex allegations. This week's after the evangelical community was shaken by the scandal surrounding Migrature's leader Ted Hagrid. Hagrid, a gay married deponited, admitted to one specified sexual immorality when he resigned last month as president of the National Association of Evangelicals and passed over the 14,000 member new life church in Colorado Springs. A male prostitute said, well, we know about the Hagrid thing. Here's the update on Sunday. Paul Barnes founding pastor of the 2100 member Grace Chapel in his Denver suburb of Angledwood, Colorado told his evangelical congregation and a videocative message he had had sexual relations with other men and he was stepping down. She is stepping down. They have Palmer associate pastor of Grace Chapel told the Denver Post at Barnes Confest to him after the church received a call last week. Ha ha ha ha. All right. The church board of elders accepted Barnes resignation on Thursday on the video. Taped the post was a lot of view. What post is this? I don't know what it is. Oh, Seattle post. Barnes told church members, I've struggled with homosexuality since I was a five year old boy. I can't think of the number of nights I've cried. Yeah, I don't even, I don't understand that. Five year old boy. The state of the homosexuality when you're five years. I've struggled with it. I can't think of the number of nights I cried myself to sleep begging God to take this away. Barnes 54 led Grace Chapel for 28 years. He and his wife had two adult children. Palmer said in the written statement that while we can't condol what he's done, we continue to support in love. Paul, we love him. We hate the sin. We love the sinner. Well, well, it doesn't say that, but that's what they're thinking. That's what they're trying to tell you. He's all I crap about that. Good Christian love. That good hateful love. And then Jay. Anybody that thing and all the hypocrites. Another hypocritical battle, which by the way, that's a good place for hypocrites. Place out there. Talk about right wing. Wow. It's really interesting. And you get to California finally. It's like somebody put up a roadblock, you know. You go out there and you mix the co and the Arizona. Wow. Arizona. We're behaving for right wing of Looney Tunis and Colorado. But then you get to California. It's like all the county thinkers took over out there in all the gay crowd. 19 before 11 at 5. 60 WQM. North. Neil. God. This holiday season. Fox British. You think it will be a real shock. How could I possibly have taken all of the toys from the whole girls and boys? With one sled and one time, your dog gets for postures. The bridge. If I stole Christmas here, how would happen? Please. I don't even own a sewing machine. I couldn't make a quick, sandy cloth. Had it a coat that I wanted to do. A cute, a gemerning the most hangest crime in Christmas history. The bridge tells his story. I took the last cat of who has. A pipe dooth even like who has. The bridge. If I stole Christmas here, how would happen? I'll tell you who committed the real crime. Jim Cary. A wrong how would. The dehumanization of a film completely missed the point. Only on Fox. It's 14 before Loaded 5.60 WQM. It's 2.80, December 12, man. It's a day that will live in infamy. I'm not going to be sure why. But it is. Don't they all? Yes. So a very jackass. Here's his day from the 80s situation. How many QM-560 is canceling at Kapplen's late night sports talk show, which has been a fixed year on the south of the airways for the past 20 years. Kapplen, the first sports talk show host hired by a QM-able to his final program in that time's life. Uh-oh, we have a concert time here. It says here December 29. Tommy Jim is said December 22. Oh boy. You beat me to it. I was going to play. That. But I wasn't fast enough. Kapplen's weeknight show, which usually follows live events in runs till 2 an AAM will be replaced by ESPN radio programming. QM is giving Kapplen the afternoon main part of time as the fill in host and as host from 7 to 10 PM on the station has no marlins, Panthers, a U.S. M Games. He's also been offered a baseball show before we can marlins games. That's because we don't have no crow, no mole. Crow had the little fall and out there. Ha ha ha ha ha. A little problem. So he's a marlin. A problem. Right. Anyway, so my anyway, Kapplen declined comment money hasn't given QM response yet. He's, yeah, he's going to do whatever's best for him. Right. Kapplen show was deemed expendable because late night hours don't generate big revenue for radio stations and WDQM prefers to allocate its resources toward more significant daytime programming. We picked up ESPN like what they do QM general, Nanger Joe Bell said. We can you better utilize it in prime day parts. I like it a lot in Hopey's day said Joe Bell. Is that where they have the abad onions? Yeah. I think it's a little bit more important to maintain an equalizer Joe Bell or Z. I think it's a little bit more important to maintain an equalizer Joe Bell or Z. In the most recent waiting book to tend to midnight portion of Kapplen show attracted a strong five points. We share the audience among Mayan ages 25 54 the key demographic group for sports talk stations. But the overall audience is small during that time. See, nighttime radio on in South Florida on AM, especially has gone in the tanks and somebody left it. Here's a go. Am I right? That sounds arrogant and you've contested it. But what's wrong with that happens to be true man. Number two in their man and W. snooze and I in Z big fat juicy numbers. But nevertheless a native of White Plains in York and graduate to the University of Michigan law school. I never knew that till this moment. Kapplen gave up a successful law practice in 84 after returning to dealing with complex real estate transactions and construction law cases. He then nearly not have erupted appendix during a Vegas vacation before returning to South Florida to pursue the new being becoming a sportscaster. Also never knew that. Nope. Well, this very jackass he is really informative, isn't she? Hey Barry. His first on air gig was at WKAT where he provided boxing analysis on Chris Myers. Talk show. He landed his first full time job on WGBS 85. So it's the trivia show. WDQM hired him to do a late night talk show in 96. But he took the program to 93. See, now that's also a mistake. In 86. He took the program in INC 93 when he changed five ship stations. INC drop capital in 96. But you hired him a few weeks later. So there's so many errors in his story, Barry. I'm that tender believe my buddy Tommy Jick a little bit more than very jackass. Anybody that brings steel below me saying we're just working old brown bag. I don't know. Can't trust him. Camplander and listeners the world he by staying on here to last West Coast games were final. Without camplander markets only locally originated late night sports talk show will be on 790 The ticket where host camp and Rogers stays on the air until midnight. Sounds like the wrong Rogers to me. You know what I'm saying? Maybe like Mimi Rogers would be okay. Or ginger Rogers. Uh-oh. Ha ha ha ha. Ginger Rogers. Wow. Those were the days. And by the way, I have a safe trip to Toronto. Can't you say. Yeah. You say. Thousands 79 votes on the pool. There was a god. I was going to say go ahead. But he won. There's a guy. Five six seven come on. Let's get this phone smoking out. Earlier in the show when I wasn't ready for any of these great calls and the continuation of the fabulous start of the holiday season we had yesterday. They were smoking baby and of course we'll probably hear the effects of whatever they were smoking. I'm still telling you of course your prejudice you won't be honest answer. But I think that people had smoked too much of the wacky weed. I think they tend to be a little on the flaky side. I couldn't even let you know what I think. I said you're wrong about that. I said that's not a fact. Well, there are. Consider it people that smoke and consider people that smoke and it doesn't waste you to the point where you become an consider person. What are you saying? WQAM. Hello. QAM. New God. Yes sir. Listen, I've listed last Thursday show. But I missed the part that everybody was ranging and raving about. There's there any possibility. Well, well, when you mean the part that everybody was ranting and raving about. What were they ranting and raving about? Well, not ranting and raving. I'm just trying to keep you from cut. Cut me off. Just talking about Jacob whatever was. I'm sorry. Yeah. Do you know Jacob? No, of course not. I'll tell you what. Here's an assignment to keep you busy. Oh, no. Listen to me. Maybe. No. I'm not being rude. I'm just telling you. You can go find him. No, I just know. Well, just can't you play a lot of other good stuff again. Maybe. I don't know. Have a good day. You too. Now, that was not a satisfactory call man. He is not a happy camper. I'm not going to apologize for it. Okay. He wants me to rehash that whole thing again. It isn't interesting that he remembers Jacob by name. Maybe that's one of Jacob's pals out there. He seems to have a lot of, I don't know. I'm not going to go through all of that again. I want to with. I have no regrets that I want to in the first place. Only for my own sanity. I don't enjoy being played by people. You know what I'm saying? I don't enjoy being played. And there's some people who really enjoy if you talk about him on the air and enjoy the limelight. It's like, you know, and then just not going to do it again. Yeah, but listen. Yeah. I know. You started that whole thing at 11 o'clock. It's almost 11 o'clock. Let's just put on the first place. You're the type again. Right. You're up to 11 o'clock and get the hell out of here. You have to take a three more hours of fame. I don't think I ought to choose to do that. Oh, yeah. See, I know what is in my mind. Let me just, no, I didn't want to expand on this, but this guy would leave me. Oh, let me play. No, no listen to me. All right. And you know this is true because I've heard of this off here too. I would have to be crazy and desperate to go on the air and to be seeking somebody off first of all online, somebody who's a listener of ours, which I don't do with our listeners. And number two to be going on here to try to like us to do somebody or like, uh, uh, that was the farthest thing from my mind or whatever. But there are a segment of people out there because of this, and I think that's the way that factor. They're never going to believe that because in their mind, every bag is out there like hop on the bones of every young decent looking young guy that you can find and it's set of what's on. So that must be my motivation because nobody does anything for purely friendship or altruistic reasons or because they like somebody or whatever. Then people just don't do that. That's right. In a place like South Florida, of course, where people are unfairly and suspicious and paranoid and actually bizarrely anyway. So so what did I expect that I expect somebody to respond in a rational, uh, reasonable, consider where way I want what I wish expect that from somebody who's in South Florida. You shouldn't. Okay. And I don't. Come to QA and hello. Yes sir. Okay. Come to QA and hello. Bonjour, no, no, no. From a story, no, say it, I'm a rich woman. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the horizon and singular wireless line. That's a book at home to use sir. Get it right. WQAM, hello. No, how are you doing buddy? Okay, sir. Greetings from Balochique. Oh. Yeah. No. Yeah. He's listening to the radio. No doubt. Yes sir. He's listening to the voice of the Z. Oh. Voices in your head guide into you again. Well, that's how the answer. Maybe that was, uh, what's his name? And then I was, uh, Ebenezer Scrooge. By the way, let's see, Ebenezer Scrooge in a Christmas car, which I'm sure this show an end again is here, which I enjoy along with, uh, Alistair Sim. What was his business partner's name? What was Scrooge in Marley? What was Marley's name? Uh, Pratch it. That's it. No, that was Bob Pratch it. What was Marley's first name? Bob Bob. No. Look at him. Who will it? Who will a Christmas Carol? WQAM, hello. Oh, not a good one. WQAM, hello. Yeah, hopefully, uh, couples those are not just stations. I've been night. You can hear it on the radio because QAM's, you know, the radio's terrible at midnight. You know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I think it's really sad that, I mean, the guys ratings are pretty, you know, he doesn't get a lot of colors anymore. No, it's ratings are pretty good. Yeah, but ratings are good. So that's the feedback theory. And the guy says he likes him. He hopes he stays. Yes, sure. There's no, there's no money at night. Don't tend to stand. There's no revenue coming. It's a financial thing. These people want to squeeze every dime they can out of the rest of us. And they don't want to pay him. What's the rainmaker going to do? Call him up. Call him up and find out. Scrooge's partner's name. Yes. Was Jacob. Mark. Yes. Just being cute. Okay. I never knew it. First call. Well, how you didn't. I did not. Well, since you have this chicken with session this week. Oh, yeah. Oh, it's just one of those things. It's just a bad luck, bad timing, bad karma. Whatever it is. It's just a story of my life. There are people that, you know, one at one, deal with your brain. 188 votes on the pool. Let's see how the babies come in so far. What do you want for the holidays? Really? What do you really want? World peace, baby. First good, world or men. And a good piece of a sum. World peace, 157. To be in heels will, 156. A threesome with two good of hand strangers, 149. Sex with a good looking stranger, 108. For me to retire 89, meaning the, uh, somewhere they are 99. To retire. They want to retire for the holidays. Go ahead. A new job. 89. One of the heels. Corvette 70. A threesome with my spouse in a good looking stranger. 52. A new car, 49. Nothing. 46. We like those. 46. I need 30. Big bag. We want 30 man. For my family, that's a spend my money. 26. A good my sheen mom, 26. I don't think I'm going there today. And I don't, I don't think so. I think I'm going to be sitting around expecting some very important phone calls. Ha ha. Well, make her to draw the shades and sit there in the dark to make her. Yeah. Make her to draw the shades and sit there in the dark to make her. I hate this pool 16. Well, I'm telling you. Yeah. I'm such a schmuck down. I have no investment. I have no investment. Anyway, because I work on his station. I'm just an idiot. Well, you're going to hit her for 15 for a knee over retire 14, hold your breath. Brady Quinn 12. I'll give me a little part anyway. Let me share. And a good meal for maybe Brady Quinn would make a good meal for the holidays. Sure would work for me. If I was 92 votes. How do you like that? Almost 1100 by 11. I am deeply impressed and moved and motivated to take and move out of way. Isn't it time Brady's deal the most voto spots? Sure. In fact, there's big billboards even here in this place with the Tom Brady's push on him from Ovado. I think you ought to stick to the wristwatch business because when a football business after Sunday I think he may be on a way out. This is the new Roger. This is the new Roger. This is the new Roger. No, no, no, no, no. Any questions? What? What? What? Just what the neck is boxing game. It's not drumming the USA. It can't ever make a big play, have it self-added. Why do they call me boxing game? What's boxing game? Ten, 10 lesson. Tennd, 10升. And 10升 to five升 from the key. And now the comenz is putting it in the back. That you'reми is closing the plane. We're gonna miss you, Gala. Well, look at that nice old kind of C2 and it is breathlessly showing us this small tiny little puddle jumper in the sky having trouble with Orlando gear and he's burning off fuel and we'll see the emergency landing again and everybody will go, oh G, we hope we crash as we have a big fire at center. It's only a little puddle jumper, you see it big Yep, I see it. Well, you know, it's something, you know, they've got to find something. We said lost puppies and kittens in the microwave 111 votes on the pool were kicking some big nasty hairy, smelly, grotesque ass this holiday season and proud of it. You believe it? Okay, sure 30s, three members have come. Sorry to strike the facts in you. I'm very good facts. That's his why about what? Oh, let's uh, let's not rule it now. Okay. It's just short and sweet and certainly the best facts today. Really? Yeah. Okay. You like it in other words. I do. And you're actually sending it to me. That's pretty nice. I am usually a statistic. I'm not taking into people who are sadists. You know, who like why don't we inflict punishment and pain like this to short to inflict. I'm not an inflicter, you know. 33 members of Congress have written a 30 general L Berto Vio 5 Gonzalez demanding that the FBI update lawmakers on the investigation into the text 5 years ago that paralyzed the nation with bioteiro fears. In software, the photo editor to Merck and media in Ken Boko. Dot. We know about that for crying out loud. Why do we have to go back about that? The bipartisan letter escalates efforts by Senator Charles Grassley of O'Iowa and representative Rush Hold of New Jersey. Uh, to get the FBI to tell lawmakers what it's learned to bring me five year case that remains on song. The FBI has refused setting concerns about possible leaks. The lawmakers said any leakers of prior information about the anthrac case inside the FBI Congress should be punished. But that tough concerns do not just about keeping information from the lawmakers so they can perform their required oversight of the FBI's performance. The case remains on song. Five years later, there's some people want to know who ate the kishka and there's some people want to know who sent the am sure. That's right. Okay, answer that. It's right. It's with facts. Here's this great fact we just tell me about. It says that these jack guys callers are so disc material about jake of over and over again. Why don't they just go to the archives as it's right there on the website. You have more on last Thursday show. I guess I shouldn't expect thinking because these are the same people who still have a realized you've been a screenless for practically seven years. You're right. It's an excellent fact. They got their thumb right on it. I thank you profusely. Okay. If you want to hear that show again and again, it was very unusual and hopefully we'll never happen again. And, you know, I just an outpouring of vise of human being. That's all of my feelings about the life and getting second into a bunch of crap. And it's interesting what I did that show all of a sudden there was this amazing response that they in the net following day on my email. Remember that? Yeah, since then, of course, it's again going silent because you know me, I expect too much. Although, you know, when people do spend an ordinary amount of time online, one would expect that maybe they are checking their emails. And if they were sincerely legitimate human beings, they would respond. But some people don't want to do that. They want to continue being the subject of the show. Maybe we should just do that all the rest of the next two years. All Jacob Radio. What do you say? Oh, great. I get a lot of work done. You know, I hope a lot of people listening at least all of his buddies anyway. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. And of course, all those my space people on there too. You know, I did this McGill here, you know. What? You're the one that started that thing. Was there any conversation and again, it's not your fault. You didn't, you know, you weren't responsible for anything and happened after that. But it's your fault. Okay, I think that you took like ten years to get a lot of work done. You know, you're the one that's picking and choosing who's pictures. You put them up position on there. And somebody I would see right there in the front, you know, all my guy's dead. So somebody knew was just, you know, whatever. Yeah, like I knew. Why do you, you could ask? You should have said, you know, this punk and I said, oh, yeah, that's my old body. Yeah, whatever. Who cares? You're all this forgiven. Okay, you got your other, you got life. Yeah. Yeah. W. W. Don't worry. You. You. You. I am. Hello. Thank you, sir. Nice to be with you. I'm much of a man. I am a self-hating caller. And I love your show and I listen religiously every day. You know, before I go to work and be late afternoon and I'm just a little disappointed with the bread and butter calls, you know, yeah. And I think that it needs to be checked for your call. I. Translate. Yeah. He's just being, you know, he's, he's very clever. He probably worked this material up for like about last five years. And, you know, give him a little hand. Okay, excellent job. Sir, excellent job. Okay. He said something about bread and butter. And what's that bid? Oh, it's, uh, can't, can't take too much butter. Isn't that it? That sounds right. I'm going to send him a check by the way. Or he'll be happy to hear that. Not immediately. But, I can't take too much butter. It shoots right out my ass. All right. And for a half ring up, moving to this can. I love that. I may actually play the whole thing later, but I doubt it. WDQAM Hello. Two AM. Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir, Mr. Collar. Hey, greetings from the watching Mr. Sippy. I don't know. What happened before? You called me before and I had you on the ear and you liked vanished. Of course, a lot of people been vanishing lately. I'm going through my computer to call you. So that it doesn't, sorry. Okay. No problem. I don't know if you remember me or not. I made that bench for you. Yes. So the guy that made me that great banset. I got in my bedroom and home. Yes. Thank you so much, sir. And I moved here to the Mississippi. And I need to send you a commission check. I was listening to you. I work as a casino as a poker dealer. And I've never played slot machines before. Yeah. And I've been listening to you talking about playing the slot for everything. So they have this Star Wars slot machine. And I put 20 bucks in it and hit it last night for $1,500. $2,500. 50. Yeah. First time I've ever played a slot machine in my life. Really? Yep. So I think I need a good machine, man. Let me tell you, let me give you a little advice. You know, which one is the good machine? The one that's paying at the time you sit down at it. That's the good machine. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. That would be true. But anyway, I just wanted to keep that. Well, you say, I do. And hope everything's going good. Well, congratulations for getting out of South Florida. So I'm sitting here in Toronto where it's colder and hell. And I'm happy as a pig and slop. And you're in Volecci and the boy we're all a better for it. And if it gets cold, it's the other night. It's okay. No problem. Anyway, happy holidays. You, George and all QAM staff there. I have a great life. I only think I did. I do. Oh. The guy he put the 20 bucks in the ad. I good my machine. I thought he was going to say, got like 30 grand or something. But 1500. That's not bad. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. Yeah. I walked in what the hell day was it was last. Whatever it was there last year would be when I walked in. I sat at a morning. And the place was damn near empty because I go early. I like to find you. And it was nobody playing wheel of fortune, which is very unusual. But it was I turned the corner to go to where that bank of machines are. And there's a bell on one of the two other machines was ringing, ringing like crazy. And there's a dark and plexiglyady senior with the machine. And I look and she's got 10 times 10 times silver seven. Then I looked on the glass to see how much she had won. And I thought she won 15 grand because silver seven is like 150. And of course, 100 times would be 15 grand. I thought that's pretty nice. Especially for the holidays. Then somebody later said she only played one coin. She only got 5 grand. I mean, which isn't bad. But that's not good. Yeah? to the megabucks machine and getting the three megabucks you know and only playing one coin or two coins and getting like I don't know how much you get like 5,600 instead of like 3.2 million. Not a good move, you know. Play the maximum amount, okay. That's my advice to all you slot people other. Play the maximum. Don't be trying to out see your playing against the computer for Christ's sex. Jesus God. Don't try to like outsmart it. Like the people play Wheel of Fortune. Well I'm only gonna play one or two because the spin, right spin this. See I got me started. I made doing this very fast to get on the phone to get my camp guy taking out to woodbind this afternoon. Find me a good machine. Oh, is it only that he asks him on the way? I will not be eating anything on the way. It's part of my woodbind diet man. It's insane. But it works like a charm. I don't eat there. And believe you me if you have to food there, you'd understand why. Yeah, I can eat for free all I want because I have my players card and I can eat for free in the willows restaurant. I wouldn't wish it if my dogs were still even now in their death. I wouldn't wish that food on them. I said you want to think I sure miss my dogs. Yeah. People, you know, people they come and go to good people and bad people are sincere people. And sincere people are really your friends. People are just full of crap. But dogs man when you got a great dog. I had to great dogs. You know, yes I did. Yeah, they were good. Well, they did. They were great. They were great. They were, I mean, you know, the little one tiny of course. And a good guy I probably call you. No, another Christmas will have time. Oh, I got something tiny for you, pal. Drudge back and. Oh. Absolutely. Back to him. When the antirus, when the antirus, once the pasta and the other and the earth, both of them were millions and this bandom on the on-brother, Jillian, and Paris, but the antirus, you would think that they would be embarrassed. Two birds of the feather, who cannot keep their legs together, try, try, try, try, to separate them, you just can't do it. When it comes to wearing underwear, they just say screw it, Britney and Paris, Britney and Paris, everybody knows these bras are hellers, ones and on-brother, don't get me started on the other. Oh, oh, on the 1905-60 WQM happy Thursday, the 12th of December man, El Dos de de Duce, they do she, bad news here, high school in Pennsylvania, North of Philadelphia, is currently in lockdown after an individual, reportedly brought a rifle to the school, and shot himself, so far, and other injuries are reported. The incidents taken place in Springfield, township in Montgomery County, this is a near-Philophia. The school district's website says we received a report that a student brought a rifle to the high school, shots were fired, some students like the building. What we know is that an unidentified student shot himself, nobody else has been injured. High school students have been moved to the middle school, parents of high school students may pick up their children only from middle school cafeteria, students have remained at the middle school, cause the high school should be directed to the administration building, parents, children at the middle and all, well, we don't, so there you go, that's more, more crazy people would gun in America, they love their guns, they love their peace. Now what do we guys say that's our burden, but are something like that? He was interesting guy, obviously cracking out of the stress of the holidays. 5,670,560, pound 560 in the Verizon SIG, a wireless line, WQAM line, hello, why say not line? I take it off, the net line is coming good for at least it's a predictably, the Robert Gleefer line, WQAM hello. I put a food up my rectum in please. Well good, I hope you enjoyed it. WQAM hello. I'm your prayer. WQAM hello. Okay, so like some of the same people from yesterday are still in, they've been holding on all the way through. That's a good part. Talk about loyal and dedicated. 5,670, pound 560 in the Verizon SIG, a wireless line. The world is sitting on the edge of their collective seats waiting to see if this audience can keep them mold the big mold from yesterday. If they're going to go, I don't think so, looks pretty slim and grim to me. Does it? Does it? Does it? Is it? Yes. You know what? The pitcher, you know that? You're going to come back and play for the heat? No, I don't. And guess what? What? I don't care either. 5,670560, call upon the stupid sports show. It'll help when you jackass you idiot? Shut that. You want to shake that you coming back? I don't know when big daddy's coming back. You smug? You idiot? You're a simple man. This is kind of people at this radio station 20 hours, it cares to people like that. When Shaxat, he's gonna come back and pray with the heed. Shaxat, slam a jam at the ball and my bum, my bum, my bum, you're like that. You can take that Mickey arena man, you can stick it with a Mundo, Shaxat. You can take that mayor whatever the hell his name was. Pinkest Piccass Piccass, whatever his name was. Hey, man Mickey Eris, and put him both on a cruise ship, and hopefully he'll allow that Oekolai and Pete there, Gusat, and dump all over each other for about a month would make me happy. But you're crap. Oops. Line 9 and line 1 by the way still doesn't work. I thought fix it would have that taken care of by now. I haven't lost it. Then what do you QA and hello? Neil, how are you doing today? OK, sir. Neil, did you see one William's kind of wasted on Fox News yesterday? I don't watch Fox News. No, I don't. I don't watch. I don't watch it. I saw it on Crooks and Liers, but he kind of told off Rich Human Bill Crystal, they sat there looking like someone had dumps coffee over their heads. Really? Yeah, but some Crooks and Liers, you can. Oh, I wouldn't if it's from Fox News, I wouldn't watch it if you paid me by the frame. I just happened to hear someone mention it on and I went and checked it out. It was kind of amusing. Yeah, well of course I'm Liers, that's another name for Fox News anyway. So thanks for having me. I'm not sure. I'm having a great holiday. You see it? I'm interested. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 7, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 7, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 6, 5, 5, 6 싶hardin and appetizant and越alian 17, 5, 6, 5, 7, 9, 6, 6, 6, 5, 6, 7, 7, 11, 9, 7, 6, 6, 6, 8, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 7, 8, 6, 7, 6, 6, 8, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 1, 2, 7, 7, 6, 6, 9, 7, 7, 7, 7, 6, 7, 8, 7, 7,熱, 9, 6, 7, 6, 7, 7, 8, 6, 7, 7, 7, 4, 6, 7, 9, 7, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6...… Legendary leading lady, Tori Spelling. When I decided to become an actress, I knew I had to go to Hollywood. So I mustered up the bravely to call Daddy so first, and together we need the 10 minutes ride from Beverly Hills. It's Tori, spelling out her own story in her autobiography, Butterface. Getting my first-aid role wasn't easy. I had to act my daddy, not one, but slight. For all you young actors out there, remember, persistence taves off. From her triumphs to her tragedies. It was the darkest period of my life. I felt completely and totally lost, but that would happen when you can't find your way around Daddy, a hundred-night to your mansion. Tori Spelling even reveals a shocking secret. I've never told anyone that before. In 1991, I had a good job. It's all in the pages of Tori Spelling's memoir, Butterface. It's a book story soon. Yeah, Butterface was an impediment. 27-25-16-WDQM on a fabulous Tuesday. I know there's just something in the ear. I don't know what it is. You know, almost smell it. Smell what? Which guitar cans is waiting here to assist you right up your alley, Sally? Which guitar man called 9-11 to be porty was a victim of an armed robbery, the theft? A pound of marijuana worth about $100. They've been trying to sell this home. The victim told police Thursday that a buyer had pulled out a saw-off shotgun and stole Police brought in a drug sniffing dog with a house and located warmer or one in drug paraphernalia. The victim was booked in the Sedgwick County jail and several charges, including possession with the intent to sell drugs. The thief hasn't been found. The victim was booked into, yeah, some victim. Well, maybe police got his pot, maybe that's it. I didn't play that yet. I keep reminding me, we'd have pleased maybe if you stayed off enough. All right. The angle old mind will recall, or maybe not. Hey, let's see, we got plenty of time and it's only the 12th. We got 13 days until Ex-Miss. WDQAM, hello. Jumbo. Like I said, we only got 13 days till Christmas, repeated again. 5-6705-60, pound 5-60 in the Verizon singular wireless line. WDQAM, hello. QAM. Can I get for that? Eh? Can I get for that? Eh? Eh? Okay, I think we're not our last call now before we go into my heavy duty of pile of stuff here. Maybe just play all those Christmas duties between now and two sounds good. I mean, we'll play that great show from my Thursday again for like, oh yeah, hours of it. Since all these people have rehash and, you know, it's one thing that we smoke a little hash, it's nothing to rehash. Hello, I do like hash rounds. I can't even know. But I do like my hash rounds. Yeah, I can't eat him anymore either. Why is that? My stomach. Oh, they tear your gun on. I was happening with that next year. Let's give them up there and that's just a break. Okay. It got my eating. Then what if my whole bill right isn't at the little purple pill? And I can eat stuff again. Although I don't want to go crazy. You know how that goes. Yeah. Don't be eating like, you know, hot to mollies. Don't know. No, like no, papi rune pizza man. Like, uh, the meat lover is papi rune. Has done it last night. Had a nice chicken salad instead. You know, grilled chicken salad. Oh, God, boring his right. I know. That is really pondress. Yeah, come and do something. WQ, who at the M, hello? Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. Don't worry. I'm not going to give you any trouble. Question I need to ask you. Um, uh, when you, when you're up in Canada, do you drive your bed up there? I don't have any car here. I don't, uh, need a car. I've got a great location. I have any car. Oh, of course. I wanted you to do with your, uh, I'm fixing the acre plate. Did you salt already? Oh, I got it. You still have it out here. Why, why would I want to sell it? Well, I don't. I know. I thought you want to become a, I don't, I wasn't aware of that. Okay. All right. I want to buy it. Looking for a house out there, area of the neighborhood or not. No, I'm not selling my house. That's not. I got a friend who lives there and I like that house and it got still got ashes from my dogs around the, I'm not selling it. Also, I'm going to, let's say they've ready to come down there every now and then and meet up with this, some of my witty close friends from the internet. Oh, there we go. There we go. And one of my face, right? Right. Yeah. Um, I also wanted to say that, um, that's Sunday, is a guy. Um, he, um, I'm sorry. I'm not too sure if you like him or not. If you do like him, okay. I was on a fan service game when they were just recently here a couple of weeks ago. Yeah. Maybe about a month ago or so. And I mean, a month ago when they actually won a game, right? Exactly. Well, and yeah, we were, um, I was brought my brother and well, my, my nephew, my nephew down to the game and, uh, I was right up against the ice on the, um, over on the, uh, over on the, on the, on the, on the Toronto Maple Leaf side. Right. And during the practice, I guess Matt, um, Matt saw him and he came over and there was a little hole there. I have to, the photographer's used to take a picture there and, uh, he came right over and he gave my nephew a fuck. Well, I was going to, I was going to, I was going to, the team sucks, but he's a good guy and thanks to for whatever you just said. Wow. That was really special. I wouldn't like the corn, you know, in deliverance. This corn true, especially in it. Oh, yeah. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Oh, you're not full of me. That thing wasn't filmed in entry. That was filmed in, uh, in David, I think. Definitely somewhere in South Florida. Maybe Nate water. Naples? Oh, yeah. The beeslies were definitely in the beesley clan was definitely in that. I know that Joyce was in there somewhere at that bitch. 560560, palm 560 and the happy holidays, all of our best to all of you, even if some of you don't return it. Okay, we, we understand, we're used to it. We're used to the fact that you people live in a festering outdoor swamp. We're even the intelligent people finally become rambling lunatics and are reduced to just, uh, little bit like that. WDQAM, hello. Neil, I love the most shot memories. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, woo. WDQAM, hello. Hey, Jack, I don't know what's wrong with. Not a spik show. If you're going to talk about short spots, let's talk about the Australian rules before I tell you. I promise. WDQAM, hello. We understand a sound. Yes. WDQ, how many? WDQ? How many? Okay, good. WDQAM, hello. The Chinese daughters have my baby's be. Yeah, you wish, you wish anybody be having your daughter. Okay. Talk about a fantasy life. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60, and be Verizon. See in other words, for somebody that have been having your daughter, proud you have to have the equipment. It doesn't work that way. You ain't got it. How many hosts we got? 12, oh, one. Look at that. They've been close to noon yet to noon years. And we already got 12, oh, one. Wow. What are how it, what are doing in this? Do you know who he is? He's a jockey. Mm-hmm. I know. I don't know where he's riding nowadays, and I really could care less. You know, which is one of those things. And we're just a little trivia. Some days, somebody might ask you that question. And you might win a million dollars from and say, gee, that was a good piece of knowledge you'll mind imparted on me. Or more likely you'll just forget about. I will. He'll be the right choice. I know. I know. I'll be the right choice. Yeah. WDQAM, hello. QAM. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, this is a rehash on that call. I was referring to the bread and butter call. All those fabulous call that you were ever again, unfortunately. Yeah. That's the dollar you're referring to. Oh, and this is your second call today. Well, that's a bad mistake, okay? In other words, it was confusing enough the first time, but don't compound it by doing it again. The biggest name. So best challenge for this is for you, Rogers. I'm with the Panthers already. When the hell those are baseballs these have begun anyway, huh? But at landing here, don't look for going that plane. Here goes. Here's the emergency landing. The batting hour old, on half a fuel left. So we were under the understanding that he would land in about a minute. So we're going to watch it very closely, but it's very close. So look for me like they just went in for the landing. We're not seeing anything. Now we're looking at the trees. So good job there on CNN. Once you're crammed. Oh, there it is. And other you have been following this before. See the way to landing here, like all flopping around like they're just a hanging loose. You don't think my hanging loose is picking the screen. Being in the screen, I think it may be coming in for a belly landing. Oh, no. All right. Was that the emergency landing? Yeah, right there. Oh, everybody's fine. It's just fine. Totally, they were just one belly flop in here. And it just came like bouncing through a hall. And it says underneath there, emergency landing. All right. Now everybody's been seeing back. And it's your doctor. Then you're going to get from now. Round back. And it's important. Our focus really caused it. And some killing both better move. Or what you're going to like it's right for Bush 2. With it on that strike this night. Don't make up. That's just the upon screw us again. It's 14. But when it's 5. 60, WQ, I can't believe you didn't send me the facts. I'm sure there must be a whole pile of them from that person. It sent me that hostile facts on Friday. Probably they were in a sour mood. Maybe somebody peed in their cornflakes or something about the, I've been listening for eight years. And they first had never had a turn off. I'm sure that they probably sent several Amelia rating facts as today to try to get a kiss and make up. Not. So there's the abouncy balance in a plain land. And then looks like they're fine. How did they do that? Boy, that landing gear was just flopping around. Wasn't it? Yes, it was. They could throw on, you know, slit on the belly there. They slid on their belly. Well, I'm sure they have a lot of practice doing that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm sure many of you have the same. And pound five, 60 of me, Verizon and singular wireless line. WQ, I am, hello. WQ, I am, hello. Neil God. Yes, sir, speaking. Neil, I was just wondering. Still microwaving the ice cream up there in Canada. Yeah, I'm still newking it, yeah. Oh, that's great. Could you, could I have a request? Ha ha ha ha. After that maturity, why don't we request? What's that, sir? What is on the he earned it? Yeah. It tastes like a penny to me. No, yeah, right. Fancy, man. Fancy. Fancy. I bet it does. Two is matter facts. Look, you know, that the long song we could pack everything up while it's playing. Get the hell out of here. Yeah, and probably what half do is matter. Oh, look at that. I got so excited about it. I knocked it out of the, to the audition line. Oh, right. Oh, there it is. That's much easier than you're going to hear that. 560, 560, 560, and leave a rise in singer. You're still newking the ice cream up there, yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Man, you know something, it's enough to make you want to sit down and just put your head in your hands and cry. And then you know what happens? What happens? Payday. And it changes your whole altitude. WQ, I am, hello. Okay, you know, wondering if you were able to catch the last episode of rectum records or analitrutors? Yeah, right up here, Ali. WQ, I am, hello. Nail. Yes, sir. I have a request. Yes. Please, um, mumbling OJ sounds like Shannon Sharp, isn't it? Yeah. Could you play? Is that a request or a question or a statement? Both. Oh, how about? Oh, man, everybody, everybody, everybody is not that something bad because you know, you know, I'm a little afraid about phone. You know, I did a lot of different things. I was like, I can look food, I love them. I tell him, I know crazy. We're so happy, really, really. I did do double with a knife, I wonder if I'd like to do double with a knife. I'm just a little bit like, listen, I'm a little bit like, I'm a little bit like, and he said, I don't want to be the one who knew. You know, I'm a little bit like, you know, bumming and saying, man, I don't want to love the real. I didn't do that, I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. Company's. Company's? Are you in a medium floor? Amazon. Amazon's. Amazon was coming out here in a few weeks. No! Idiot, man! I am back! Oh, God. We're help with sadness, where can we run? We can't cover the world, anywhere else than heaven or heaven? Oh hell, nothing happened, Everybody's burn, And our hearts in fight A song, Howาก are you still running Baby... Baby Never enough sun And no everyone will want But only they come and tell them they're down If they call it true, I'm a child I can't stand it, they're my daughter I won't be shed or searching for life I call it alone, no self-rightened sight Open and pray, someone who can't hide Always who will, and don't even know me When we come to the broken heart Who had a left to die for, I know I got so much Some got a fist on my head And I'm not being But I'm searching for life I don't see a fish But someone who is not going to be All his own, no need for me He's getting wet, but all his lips And all his happy days What we come, what the broken heart Who had a left to die for, I know I got so much Some got a left to die for, I know I got so much What we come, what the broken heart Help me Help me Help me Help me Help me Help me Help me Help me Help me Help me Help me Help me It was all my team So, well, the really neat things about watching that in movies that guide us conducting the orchestra, I don't know what that's all about. He's not any of the other songs. I don't know. He just didn't have anything else to do and he figured, well, I'm going to like pretend I'm conducting it. And actually, look like they're looking at him and paying attention to which is most amazing. I always wondered about that whole thing about conductors, you know, orchestras and people who are the musicians that they really pay on any attention. Yeah. They are. They have to. What do you mean they have to? How about what do you know about it? I use them kind of a, well, what instrument do you play? Don't ask me which one I play or a band. Never mind. I took lessons. I was in the orchestra there and it sucked and I hated it and I quit. It was a compliment. When I was a kid, they made me take violin lessons. Oh, I did it. I didn't. It made me take piano. It made me take trumpet. It was horrible. Chop it. Yeah. Not quite exactly like the trombone, but if you play it right. I was waiting for it. Well, she's great. That's a Jonas born. And again, let me say again for those serious people. If there were really some taste and enjoy something with some schmolts to with sanding and the shadows and all the time. That one, some kind of an award. Wouldn't it, wouldn't it? Grammy? Something? Okay. For the best documentary. I'm sure it did in 2002. I'm positive it did. Actually, it ended so as for us and we've had originally. And I watched that movie probably about 3rd of the man. At the age of time, I watched it. I just enjoyed them. I love her and I love been harpour and I love all the musicians and the Gantz and Mishbachaman, the whole thing. And it seems a detroit. And he tried used to be a great city about like 600 years ago. He's not even mentioned that. If this is the old Rogers. This is pretty quick. Whenever I shave my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 124 hours. OO! hjIPES! FACTing sound FACTING sound FACTING sound Happy Halloween Idol 楼里夏 subs FACTING sound FACTING sound Oh, Lisa got my gun. Oh, Lisa got my gun. But that's alright with me, because it was great with that and why. Oh, I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. Everyone who is looking all the if my eye. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas while we're smoking all of my. Police got my gun. Police got my gun. Police got my gun. Police got my gun. They couldn't escape it all like a. Police got my gun. Police got my gun. Police got my gun. They busted me in a parking lot. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas by the smoking all of my parents. Well, about two Merry Christmas. Happy to have you. Happy Cuanza. Happy Atheist. We don't care about new this crap day. All of us, though. Two, they December 12 already. Aren't you already? Factor's at the application next week. I'll be on vacation the week following me. Right. And then I got some pretty heavy duty plans there. We'll tell you right now. You believe me? No. Beginning next month, all air travelers from the US, Mexico, Canada and other Western hemisphere countries must have valid passports when a passaport to enter the US. A departure from a longstanding rule that allowed drivers licenses or a birth certificate is valid forms of IDA. The impending enforcement of the new regulation which officially begins January 23, prompt to the travel industry association in Meritoulombsay, New website, get a passport now.com. They launched that yesterday. It's designed a simple find for me to talk about the passport application process. I don't know if there's anybody who is too stupid, but we only get the, you can download the application right offline. And it's, you know, you go get your picture made and you send a check and that's it. I mean, it's very only lazy people don't get passports. We don't want anyone to be surprised by the new requirements that TI a president arrived to dial. No one's vacation or business trip should be ruined because they didn't know they needed a passport. What a passaport to all air travelers from the US, Mexico, Canada, other Western hemisphere countries got it like perigway, Peru, Bolivia, Argentina, Chile, etc. All of these, all of these countries. For Orlando, the rule which eventually will affect cruise in line travelers as well affects many of its visitors. In 2005 more than 600,000 Canadians visited that area by air or car figures were not available for visitors from Mexico. Orlando more than 600,000 Canadians fully mully rat man without they going there for I guess must be Mickey Mouse, but I'd better play that Eisener bit. The rule aimed at closing a security loophole as part of the Western hemisphere travel initiative mandated by Congress, isn't expected to have a major impact on airline bookings, TI a vice president request or said. I wonder if he's came to Benny the whipwebster or Mark Webster, ready to be their hardest racing Websters? Many airlines have been much of the past year trying to get the word out to customers, Delta for example, recently we are flying directly from Orlando to Mexico City. Delta spokeswoman Gina Locklin said the airline is promptly upcoming passport requirement on its website, doing the whole music and messages on its phone lines, and directly to its frequent flyers, scound miles members. The reason for concern among tourism operators, however, is that they for enacting the same passport rule for cruise and line travelers, moves closer. Earlier this year, the deadline for cruise and line travel was extended from January to 2009, but officials said Monday to rule will likely be enacted sometime in 2008. In the US just clumpy, I got to give it a little more credit. I've always got a wrong information. I thought it was like 10 or 20%. 27% of the population in the US estimate have valid passport and Canada, the figure is 40% a lot higher. Still large majority of the population doesn't have passports, Delta said. Well, if only 27% of the US have passedports and 40% in Canada, obviously a large majority don't have it. You jackass, you goofball. Starting January 23, travelers including US citizens returning to the US by air from throughout the Western hemisphere will be required to have passports. When I pass a port to a man, squeeze it, find the lid. This new requirement includes Americans, Canadians, others who have previously been exempt from having to carry a passport, to enter or be into the US. Certain alternatives will be acceptable for low risk and other eligible travelers. What does that mean low risk? You know, that's not terrorists. Hey, Sean said this in a bunch of polls. Thanks a lot, Sean. Thanks, sweetheart. That's good. If everybody need a bunch of some good polls, the federal government, let's see. I'm not going to go through it again. So you're forwarding this for our, okay, get a passport. And you know, there will be a lot of people say, well, do you not planning to go anywhere? Well, yeah, suppose somebody says, hey, this one, we'd like to take along the Paris or to Amsterdam. I think I got a call earlier and over the Dutch guy. If you don't have a passport, man, you're screwed. You lose. You snooze, you lose. So go on a cruise and puke your best out. As far as I'm concerned, anybody too lazy to get a passport deserves to go one of those stupid cruise ships and get really sick and puke and have wild diarrhea for days. And I reafford days and days and days. WQAM Hello. Yes, sir. I approve of the ground tile. You know, good. Have a good time. Have a good time. WQAM Hello. Birds of a feather. Like I said, birds of a feather. WQAM Hello. Why is this thing not changing? Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just want to speak to the deal about this fast forward issue. Yeah, I'm here speaking to them. Oh, I'll go to the little end man. I don't want to talk about the past. And we're meeting people coming back with, I don't mean that there's so stupid. Just not a lot of them back in the country. It's all the lot of problems, isn't it? Hmm. There's a guy who I think he knew what he was talking about. Stupid people sounded to me like he had some expertise in that area in order to say. WQAM Hello. Hey, Neil? Yes, sir. I have a question for you. Yes. Do you shoot your private place? No. WQAM Hello. Kriff, this time it's time for cheer, time for weed, and time for beer. Be your torch, make a leap. I don't even see weed. There's not even an arrow on this thing. I think this box is it's a broken something to go out with. Maybe. Look at that. I mean, punks just want to see if there's like even an arrow. Now, all the arrows coming up on that line. This thing is doing some strange stuff. You know, QAM Hello. You're just a audio name. No, Kacer. Cow Brady, Tom Brady, Brady, punch, you just want to find them all. Don't shove me too. It's like a flitting happy new year. Oh boy. Yeah. I took care of him. Very sad. But now, let's see. There's a blessing that we had that we had forgotten about. We've been a little quite a while. Long time at least for me anyway. Maybe you had some success with him this summer during your extensive summer. No, he saves all his love for you. Does he really know? Yeah. Good buddy. What do you want to say? I don't know this time and it won't the next time either. Crazy man. Crazy man. I never forget that day of packs and I'm driving out of there. I'm going home after one of these, uh, innovating shows and somebody comes, you know, how we had to drive out and make that left there and somebody's coming through going to that parking lot. And as he pulls up alongside of me, I'm waiting for the traffic clear. He rolls down his window. Hi, that's Woody. And you know what I thought? Oh, I would have heard. Oh, I didn't have my piece with me. Okay. I don't know if I would have something to think about. No, I didn't have my piece. Wow. Wow. It sounds to me like the two of them are like glued together like they're on each on each other. I would have. I believe that. Literally. I guess. Wow. They're all over the board. They're everywhere. WQAM hello. Yeah, new. Yes sir. Yeah, I need some advice. Yeah, but you do a sounds like it. Yeah. Listen, I stopped taking my blade. I'm taking my blood sugar. Why is that? Well, because you're so silo. Are you a crazy person? Are you diabetic? Well, I'm somewhat diabetic. I'm not. I'm just like being somewhat pregnant. Oh, fair. You diabetic or not. Don't give me this verbal, you know, BS. Are you diabetic? I'm averaging about 150. Why do you diabetic? And why did you stop taking your blood sugar? Because I eat what I want to eat anyways. Okay. Well, us in that case, we'll bring us some flowers. Okay. And that's sir, which would you prefer? And he's going to die a bit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that's just, although we do know somebody. I don't want my chain names, but you know, some people are dead. But if you don't take the blood sugar, but just don't seem to care, you know. And you know, you know, I was thinking about the other day about our gold friend Bill Cosford. We would see everyone show when you were doing it. I've never met him in person. I think he's been on the phone though. Well, why do you say it like that? Like he's still alive. I know he's not alive. No. But when he said it when he was, I think I spoke to him on the phone. Oh, but that's fine. It was a great guy. Bill Cosford. He wrote a lot of great glowing articles about me and kissy kissy kissy kissy. He just loved me and he showed me hand in the guess many times talking about the movie. We review is what everybody was talking about. And then he was died, but I couldn't take care of himself. And he died. You know, he's dead. And it seems to me that was I was that right about sunny sunny Hirsch also didn't have die. Maybe he's what seemed to me. He was a child. What have he had? Yeah. And died. Very young age, too. I remember how old sunny was when he died. It was a good couple man and other dead because they didn't take care of themselves. They won't listen to this old queen, but then again, they have a lot of company. They never did. What could I possibly know about it? And it'd be pleased that I have my sugar under very good control lately. Not prior to the last couple of weeks, but the last couple of weeks I finally got in right back around along with the rest of my life, man. I don't just sound to me to the to you today. Remaining you. Yeah. Finally I'm scrambling my brain and getting my life back. Whatever that means. Do you have any idea what that means? You need to do why. Just make it up. I am. But it kills some really good time and then there's always that low time man. I'm just going to play the little. Yeah. Place the mobile. Tell them some mole. How about some mole? We have a play and I have one day we play all the mobets. Everything the one of them. The ones we can still play of course. Right. And I think that around me, when I'm not too sure that's going to be about any time. On the last show. Yeah. Let's save up all the good ones. The holidays are right around the corner. They're here, baby. When the middle of it for over 20 years, Miguel and Caesar, my minigualers have been offering beautifully handcrafted. A lot of a kind designer jewelry, writing instruments and precision time pieces. When you're looking for a really sensational gift during this holiday season, make this statement with something special. From Miami Lakes, yours. And my minigualers, you'll find a tag injury from Marco Bachego and Damianni, designer jewelry from Kathy Ireland, Philippe Chariol, Leslie Green and one of a kind designs from Elizabeth Taylor's House of Taylor, jewelry. And, my minigualers features one of the largest questions of brightening time pieces anywhere, including the brightening for Bentley collection. Brightening has been creating precision time pieces since way back, even before I was born 1884, and I had the ideal time piece for you too. So, visit my minigualers at 6755 Main Street, my minigualers. Exit Northwest 67, with that off the palm metal, call them 305 3626446. 305 36264464, my minigualers. The biggest name, so best talent to be the basis for your rocker's life. The world is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world and is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world ruined that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world that is a world It had a small amount of stuff to it that I didn't hear too many, but it had a small amount of stuff. It had a small amount of stuff to it that I didn't hear too many, but it had a small amount of stuff. It had a small amount of stuff to it that I didn't hear too many, but it had a small amount of stuff. It had a small amount of stuff to it that I didn't hear too many, but it had a small amount of stuff. It had a small amount of stuff to it that I didn't hear too many, but it had a small amount of stuff. It had a small amount of stuff to it that I didn't hear too many, but it had a small amount of stuff to it. It had a small amount of stuff to it that I didn't hear too many, but it had a small amount of stuff to it. It had a small amount of stuff to it that I didn't hear too many, but it had a small amount of stuff to it. It had a small amount of stuff to it that I didn't hear too many, but it had a small amount of stuff to it. It had a small amount of stuff to it that I didn't hear too many, but it had a small amount of stuff to it. It had a small amount of stuff to it that I didn't hear too many, but it had a small amount of stuff to it that I didn't hear too many, but it had a small amount of stuff to it. It had a small amount of stuff to it that I didn't hear too many, but it had a small amount of stuff to it that I didn't hear too many, but it had a small amount of stuff to it. A good machine! About 30 people looking for a good machine. I had a good machine that I didn't want to wait for, but that pissed me off. I hate this pull of 20 for Neil to retire 17, ready Quinn 15 and a good meal 7. Keep your pause off, ready Quinn, the mighty Quinn. The mighty Quinn. 5, 6, 7, right, a roll with the, I got quite a pile here. I better mention this though. Poor little dentist, you know, you and George, he knows what I'm talking about. The little people are the ones nobody takes seriously. That's right. Got a stand on foam book. I'd jump up there. No, no, no, he takes a little guy seriously. I mean, Venice, because it's, oh, he's a little guy. I kind of funny look. Oh, I speak him then. I got a straight about fargo. What did I do with that? It's way down. I haven't made too much progress with my pull here. It's not even getting into the coal witty, which hopefully I won't. I mean, who the hell cares about that? Oh, before I even do Venice, because it's in a way to hear this. The Atkins diet is protected by the first amendment against the claims of a 53 year old Florida man who said the low carbohydrate made Neil time was dangerous, and a blame for his heart troubles a federal judge wrote yesterday. You asked this to a judge, Denny Chin, made the findings he tossed the lawsuit, which Jodie Gouranne of Del Rey Beach claimed his cholesterol level shot up from 146 months before he began the diet, to 230 leaving the chest pain and an angel plastic treatment. The judge said a book about the diet was not a, first of all, two 30 is not a dangerous cholesterol level, okay? The judge said a book about the diet was not an ant for products, but rather was a guy leading a controlled carbohydrate lifestyle. In his lawsuit, Dorian's sought unspecified damages accusing Ankins and Trishles Inc. And Paul D. Wolf co-executive of the estate of Dr. Robert Atkins, a product liability, negligent, misrepresentation and beceptive conduct. You know, now that I read this, I'm reading about the estate of Dr. Bob. Remember we did that thing if the sawgrass and the books amillian? Uh-huh. If I would have been thinking back then, because he would be like Neil I, personally autographed one of the books and we sold 700 reviews of books that day, and he was on the show, etc. and so on. I should have said, hey, Dr. Bob, how about leave me and your will? Boy am I am I a smoker or what, huh? When that thing good? Yeah, what a bit. He must have left millions old Dr. Bob. Must have, well that's a pretty sorry and sad state of affairs if you ask me for little I know. Maybe his wife would like to, you know, as a way of showing her appreciation for all I did. You think? Democratic, getting back to the little people, Democratic represented Dennis Cassinich, who once successfully ran from president in 2004, no kidding, said yesterday he's planning another good because his party isn't pushing hard enough to end the war in Iraq and he's right on. He was right on then, he's right on now, nobody takes some serious because he's a little teeny guy, he's got a bad hairpiece. Nobody takes people with bad hairpieces seriously. No, they did not. In a statement, Cassinich said he plans to formally announce his candidacy today at Cleveland City Hall where he served as mayor of his hometown, Phil the 70s. In the 70s. Well, whatever, the hell it was. The liberal anti-warra High of Congressman said he was inspired to run because he disagrees with the way some of his fellow Democrats are handling the war, including approval of a proposal to spend $160 million more on the conflict. Democrats were swept into power to remember seven because of widespread voter discontent with the war in Iraq State, Cassinu's 60, and said if heeding those concerns and responding with a strong immediate change in policies and direction, then Democratic Congressional leadership seems inclined to continue flooding the perpetuation of this lunacy. This madness, this butcher, this blood bath. The anti-war message was also the cornerstone of Cassinu's 2004 bid which drew support from some Hollywood celebrities. His previous presidential proposals also included a national peace department and a single-payer universal health care system. In 2004, Cassinu posted single digits in most primary elections including his home state of Ohio, any state in the race. He says all the right things he makes a lot of sense but he's a little guy with a bad hair piece and everybody looks at him and said, well, he's going to make a lot of sense and who we need to go to vote for though. You know, like that. Am I right? Right. I vote for him in a heartbeat. I vote for him right now. If we open up the polls, you'll see, I'll race to it to get their first. No chance, Dennis. No chance in your pants. 560560 pound 560 and leave arrived in singular wireless line. WQAM. Hello. Okay. Like I said, it's always so much easier. But they are really whipped up into a frenzy. I think you're right. They're inside each other. I think somebody got the crazy group of those two. They're naturally sticky. WQAM. Hello. Hey, you. Yes, sir. I got what I'm asking for you. Yeah. I'm an idiot. Oh, damn for lunch. Okay. Oh, we haven't played that in a long time. No, we have not. Wow. So this guy may think he's nitty, but quite frankly compared to what preceded him and the government has been around. The curve has been changed. Yeah, that's right. I don't see a old spam for lunch. Now, how's that possible? Oh, there it is. It's just a time. Oh. Where does he do tell? We're all standing for lunch. What's here on your offer, ladies? Yes. You really burst. You are trying to write a song. Try about my fingers. So I'll break. We're perfect, sir. Why? Oh, you can't hide. We've had all we could say. Oh, our journey is full. If most of us are brave, we will<|el|> 제대로 on"! We're here to kill ourselves forever! So much we are a rifleman! I'll ride see that guy said he was an idiot and he made one of the best requests. I wouldn't have played that in a moose's age To be very honest with it right we got all about it 26 past no in 5 60 W to kill we got the madball coming up in 2 o'clock and they don't forget tonight after the hump We got pants and people with 7 the Panthers host the anaheim lighty ducks at the macarina 7th of lighty Anybody any care very important no mighty just ducks. Oh, that's right. It says you ride even Miguel knows that I'm sitting here reading it see that's how easy I am because Clarence is a moron and he wrote it They're not the mighty ducks anymore Clarence use civil and they're just the anaheim ducks What a schmuck rhymes with duck and Clarence you suck Holy macarine this is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil Godweet I've read long stroke on TV. The beginning of this funny was on taxi. The beginning of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, The end of this video, That was George. George. Come here. Come here. See that girl. Yeah. That girl. See that girl. See that girl. See that girl. I can throw him. He can be dead. He can be dead. He must have felt like a ghost. See that girl. See that girl. See that girl. Back to life. See that girl. Black or white, I don't want to get a rope. One after the day. And he's a girl. Yeah. I think that's what happened to her. And I'm not far too many said all the right things. I think that his performance there at least eclipse it. So we're sensational. What do you say? Absolutely. Nice going Danny. See there's a little guy. Sure, a little guy. Maybe he missed him. But he's, you know, he's about to balls to tell you like it. That's right. Some people just don't have any balls, you know. 13 evidence and votes on the poll. That is really spectacular. What do you really want for the tall days season? World peace 204. That sounds like so what a beautiful thing that is isn't it? I love it. Yeah. World peace 204. To be in heels will won 77. Well, who the hell wouldn't? A freezing with two good looking strangers 155. Six with a good looking stranger 126. So many strangers out there, you know. So little time. To retire. Thanks for changing that. Eric Goodward. To retire 13. A new job 99. One of heels. Corvette's 82. Very low mileage, by the way. A threesome with my spouse in a good looking stranger 61. A bag of big bag of weeds 60. A new car 56. Nothing 54. For my family not to spend my money 31. A good machine man is still stuck on. Third man. Yeah. I hit this full 20 for Neil the retired 17. Ready quinn 650 in a good meal 7. Over 1300 votes and this is like the 12th of the world December already. Just 13 days away from my ex-miss day. WQIM. Hello. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QQAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. Q K sono�� pwing the trombona. QAM. QAM. QAM. QQAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. an Oscar stage away for his global warming a stage of web, what did I say stage of weight? For his global warming documentary while receiving talk that he's pursuing a bigger prize, the presidency. His recent atonatory has been the ultimate in the high profile. The former vice president made self-deprecating jokes on the financial with J. Leno offered ideas and preserving the environmental for win free at our daytime audience and parry questions on Iraq for Matt Law on the Vitaio. This Saturday, Gore's hosting the network of 1600 house parties across the country to watch and discuss his documentary and in convening in truth, with the Democrat claimed to address the gatherings by satellite hookup. The movie is on the short list of feature-length documentaries being considered for Oscar nominations. Chris crossing the country to promote the DVD version of the movie, just in time for the holiday gift giving Gore and says that he's not planning to return to politics, that means he is. He insisted that means he is. I'm not planning to run for president again Gore said last week, are you going to let us focus his raising public awareness about global warming and its narrow effects? Then he ate and I haven't completely ruled it out. Those words may grow the 800-pound non-candidate of the Democratic field, the possibility of another presidential bid to likes made Democrats still steamed over the disputed 2000 election in which they argue a few more votes, a state other than Florida and different Supreme Court could have put Gore not Bush in the White House. Oh, just imagine how many more people would still be alive today. Just not for think about it. If you think about nothing else, let's not think about all the thousands and thousands and thousands of innocent people who would still be alive today. Not to mention of course the billions and trillions of dollars that have been flushed down the turret, which will be so madness this lunacy. It's worth it. LA judge sides with verrat against the front boys. Let me tell you the front boys always be suspicious of people with that kind of mentality. I don't want to say. As the esteemed Kizak television journalist verrat, what does it say the of? It might say, high five, sexy time you lose. That's what he might say. I see. Two college fraternity buddies shown gusling alcohol and making racist remarks in the verrat movie have lost their bid for a court order to cut the scene they claim as tarnished their reputation as court papers will be the earliest of a. The student sued the movie distributor and producers last month saying filmmakers had dupped them into appearing in barat by getting them drunk and falsely promising the film would never be shown in the US. At the time the suit was filed, judge denied the press request for a temporary restraining order that would remove footage of them from the film, but the plaintiffs were given another chance to seek an injunction in a hearing last week. The South Carolina college students lost again when LA superior court judge Joseph Byterman ruled, they had failed to show reasonable probability of success on the merits of their case, or that money damages low will be insufficient to resolve their claims. The audience on the latest motion focused mainly on the future DVD released of the hit movie, borrott cultural about we know the movie. The fake documentary distributed by 20th century foxes already gross more than 120 million at the North American box office after just six weeks in theaters. How do you like that? Pretty heavy duty. That's funny. Nice. How are you ever going to send that here or not? Hold you. It's only what? It's not really out yet. It's only in theory. I'm talking about the movie. I'm talking about the drop in you. Oh, you don't have a. We only have those ones in the tunnel. That's okay. It's better than nothing. Okay. I'll take a little something. It's better than nothing. Thirty-and-a-re-12 hosts in the pool. Five six-seven. Are we going to get anything else at all besides the two looms? No. They're more than two now. They started a club. Oh yeah? Fat retarded faggots club and they found more. I see. Five six-seven. Well, let's see if we do or not. Between on two or club. We only got an hour and twenty-two minutes to kill, so you never know. And then there's always. Oh yeah. As always that. Five six-seven. Oh five sixty. Pound five. Sixty-and-a-leave horizon. Sigh, wireless line. Double to QAM. Wow. QAM. Hello. Pound. Pound. Pound. Pound. Pound. Pound. Pound. And the top of it all. This thing won't do a knot. This box is like, look at that. I'm trying to drop it. I'm trying to bounce. And it won't drop. Not very, it is finally after both the four. And guess what else? The dots just all went out. I think you're having some problems on that end as usual. Probably. No, they're fine. No, they're not fine here. You may say they're fine, but they're not fine here. Oh, they just came back. Maybe maybe your machine just said a little fart. Maybe not the fart. Maybe you have a bad machine, mine. WQM. Hello. Nailed. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. How about one for the poll? A three-some with my wife, sister, and my wife's best friend. No, okay. What if your wife says that? Oh yeah. How about several companies and rebounds? That's all. Yeah. WQM. Hello. I'd rather go. I'd rather go. Oh man, you're sure ride. You f***ing. Wow. Whoo. Heavy, do these queens, baby. 5. 6. 7. But you know something I can handle it. I can handle anything. I've got a resurgence as a human being this last 24 hours. You know what? You don't believe me, do you? Yeah, I believe you. You'll see. You'll see. I'm making an emotional, a mental, an emotional comeback. But for me once, shame on us and fool you, a twice and a pure. The biggest name, so best talent for this is we all rock. It's bread and f***ing cheese. Everybody loves doctors. This is classic tale about the grins. But what about the chosen people? Don't they deserve their own holiday special, too? And they see things so tune in tonight for how the grids don't hannicka. The who's called a rabbi, who knows shiny loafers. The best of most beasts. And ensure it was home. How the grids don't hannicka. Finally, a version of the holiday classic that knows from Anagas. It's not the best Cindy Lu. Ooh, as she's left in her cradle. And snatched up her oil base on the boogled cradle. How the grids don't hannicka. Joel Siegel raves for this we shouldn't stay home. Enjoy. Why? You got something better to do? It came without luck as... It came without horrors. It came without stars. It's a newbie manor is. How the grids don't hannicka. It's eight days of fun packed into one great half hour. And the who's us the grids. And he's said, without fail. I can get you all hannicka. And I can get it all sail. How the grids don't hannicka. Tonight on NBC. I am very so shit they're doing. She came out of the youth of the townside. Oh, I bet you wonder how I do. I'm so glad you can never do. It's a time I've heard. You're no football. But even you were my God. You know I love you both. It took me my surprise. I must say. When I was gone, I was just saying. You know that I'm hurt. You just said, fine. I'm not sure if you'll be mine. And I'm a true football. But I'm not sure if you'll be mine. I'm not sure if you'll be mine. I'm not sure if you'll be mine. But I'm not sure if you'll be mine. But I'm not afraid. It's a buzzer fly. What do you do here? I can't hold this line. It's a buzzer fly. My life is seen. You know you're being dead, but you're being. You're the turtle who's being on your own. But you know I love you both. But I'm not sure if you'll be mine. But I'm not sure if you'll be mine. And I'm a true football. And I'm not sure if you'll be mine. I'm not sure if you'll be mine. But I'm not sure if you'll be mine. But I'm not sure if you'll be mine. But I'm not sure if you'll be mine. But I'm not sure if you'll be mine. But I'm not sure if you'll be mine. But I'm not sure if you'll be mine. But I'm not sure if you'll be mine. But I'm not sure if you'll be mine. But I'm not sure if you'll be mine. But I'm not sure if you'll be mine. But I'm not sure if you'll be mine. But I'm not sure if you'll be mine. But I'm not sure if you'll be mine. But I can't hold this line. I'll feel me too. Who you'll be? Who's a lesson home? You can pull up other guy you love and home. I'll do the right thing to the press by. I'm not sure if you'll be mine. Hey, hey, hey. I'll do the press by. And I'm not sure if you'll be mine. But I'm not sure if you'll be mine. You'll be mine, man. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. You'll be mine. I want to do it. I want to make Marvin feel bad by saying that. Oh, he won't feel bad. He won't do it. By the way, we have 841 friends in our MySpace. Pretty impressive. When you say, well, we're yellow things. That's pretty impressive. How many did you think we had when you started that crap? My goal was a thousand. You're going to say a thousand for when? Like the next 500 years. How many did you think? How many did you think? How many did you think? Oh, it's 41. By the way, it's 840. There's one that you need to be moved from there while you're sitting on your ass. They're doing nothing else. Are you capable of doing that? Yeah, whatever. You know who it is. Oh, okay. Just remove it. Just remove any trace of this nonsense. 1250, 10 before one at 560, WQAM. Peace out to the Cindy Shea and the three other women were convicted of trespassing yesterday. For trying to deliver an anti-iract war opportunity, the US mission of the UN. It's got a picture of Cindy here. I don't want to say they want to make your look on, you know, an unflattering photo. She is a guy. I mean, I love her and everything she's done and what she stands for, she's gutsy and Ballsy. I think maybe Ballsy more literally than you might think. She doesn't have time for makeup. No, she looks like a guy. I know. In fact, you know, Barbara Starb that you're always saying that's Hank. I mean, hadn't criminal court judge sentenced them immediately to conditional discharge, which means they could face some form of penalty if they're arrested in the next six months. Order them to pay $95 in court surcharges. I'll pay it for you, Cindy. She and about 100 other members of a group called Global Exchange where we bought last March when they attempted to take a petition with some 70,000 signatures to the US mission headquarters across the street from the UN. After Monday sentencing, the woman returned to the mission this time, the petition was accepted. Prosecutors said they were arrested in March after ignoring police orders to disperse. The floor were acquitted of a disorderly conduct, resisting arrest and obstructing government administration. They faced up to a year in jail of convicted of all counts. We never should have been on trial in the first place. She and seven statements after the verdict. It's George Bush and his Crony so she should be on trial. Not peaceful, but when trying to stop this devastating war, this verdict, however, will not stop us from continuing to work tirelessly to bring our troops home. She said, you go, Cindy, even if you do look like an old guy. I mean, I look like an old guy, but then again, I am an old guy. It's just a way of go. Nicole Richie, I told you we'd eventually get to this. Was arrested early yesterday for investigation of driving out of the influence about call? California Highway Patrol officers took Richie 25 in the custody with an incident. After she failed a sobriety test. That's right. For Black Mercedes SUV, we'll stop in the carpool lane of state highway 134 in Burbank when officers arrive. A 30 said that we see 911, 911. They received a whole bunch of calls. They received some 911 calls about a car going the wrong way on the freeway in the car match the description of Richie's. According to the LA County Sheriff's Department report, Richie was said, free on $15,000 bail. A star of the simple life reality series in daughter-of-pafsinger, the anxious line of Richie was booked in Glendale, tested for drugs. They said the drug test had been determined. This is what they said. An officer Mark Gerrit told the LA Times that Richie admitted smoking weed and taking back it in before arrest. I'm going to say you're nothing right now. It's spoken too much wacky weed. I have no problem with weed people. Too much wacky weed. It makes you like, move it. Just like that. I'm telling you. I know that from recent encounters with people on this show. Makes you move it to like that. A little bit too much. Too many big fat ones, baby. I mean, there's nothing wrong with the big fat one, but it all depends on what it is. I say, and what it's rolled in. 1333, what a nifty number that is. What do you really want for the holidays, etc. World peace, 2011, to be in the Eelsville, 179, a three-sim would two good-looking strangers, 160, sex with a good-looking stranger, 127, to retire 115, a new job, 100, one of the Eels Corvettes 84, how about being in the Eelsville getting his Corvette and being a new job? How's that? A big bag of weed, 63, a three-sim with my spouse and a good-looking stranger, 63, a new car, 57, nothing, 54. That's what I like as people who want nothing. For my family not to spend my money, 31, a good-my-sheen is still stuck on the same number. I'm not going to go search for a good-my-sheen today, not a good idea. I hate this pool 20, for Neo-Britire, 17, likely story, Brady Quinn 15 and a good meal, 7 out of 1333. Did you accomplish that task, Leo? Well, I have 841 people to go through before I get there. What does that mean? They're not listed off medically. He's on it. You're on the case? Yeah, make all of that to disappear, okay? Make my life a senior and make all of that foolishness go away. And an unprecedented move at odds with 40 years of Gilbert and Big U.S. really Prime Minister A. Hood Olmer, appeared to admit yesterday, a peer-to-admid that Israel possesses nuclear weapons. When he included the country in the list of nuclear states, and any of you would Germany's sat one TV and excerpt of which is broadcast in Israel, the Prime Minister was asked whether Israel's nuclear are similar to which until now is never publicly admitted that having undermined the West objections to a nuclear Iran. Israel has a democracy. This isn't written anyone around, explicitly openly in publicly threnced to a businessmen's view off the map and agitated an armored reply. And that's right. He didn't do nothing unless it was being on. I was close to bombs and I was dead. People I was just, you know, that was self-defense, I think. What a, that's right. Like that. Can you say this is the same level where they're aspiring to have nuclear weapons as America France, Israel and Russia, he asked, and remarks immediately seized bomb by some Israeli commentators as being an admission at the Jewish State does have nuclear arsenal as if there was any doubt. Although long suspected of possessing nuclear weapons, Israel has never opened the confirmed those suspicions, saying only would not be the first power to introduce atomic weapons to the Middle East. Shortly after the Umar to the U.S. broadcast in Israel, state TV quoted officials in the Prime Minister's office saying that when he mentioned America France, his view of Russia was before he did democratic countries, not to nuclear ones. Right. A food likely story, Schmendrick. Our meat is brother, Schmendrick. No, not live in. So I'm at the track a week ago. We'll buy losing his ass. 20 at a bad machine, man. 1336 votes on the pool is where we're at. Yeah, I don't know. You think, well, I might take another call or two between two. What? It'll be the same people, but yeah. Get out of here. Why do you say that? Hello. Yes, sir. See? Have a suggestion for call. Yeah. No more Haitians. No, not necessarily same people, but the same result. Yes, sir. Same finger, same yellow button. Right. Same BS. Same, like I said, I am Schmendrick. The biggest name, so best challenge for the business is for your rock. Hey, I need to break the news. You've had a lot of legal ideas. I want to clock. Bye, bet. Do you have to play one of WQA and Miami for a lot of transactions? Oh, why did you do that? I don't know. Just one on. This is not a tumor. It's the ones to two hours. Luciano Poverotti. Now, the fattest of the three tenors is back. Stretching his vocal abilities in a way never intended by mother nature. In a new CD box set, Poverotti does Motown. If you thought he was good with an area, wait a few hear him work over the real classics. Poverotti does Motown. Give you the chance to listen to summer gold, and the new CD box set. And the new CD box set. And the new CD box set. And the new CD box set. Poverotti does Motown. Give you the chance to listen to summer gold tunes. Brought to life in a way you never hoped for. Okay, so technically that one wasn't Motown. But don't tell Luciano or Wilson Picking. So what are you waiting for? If you like this video, please subscribe to our channel. And click the bell icon to get notified when we're back. Okay, so technically that one wasn't Motown. But don't tell Luciano or Wilson Picking. So what are you waiting for? If you like ordering CDs that you can't get in stores, call now. Again a collection that will sit in your CD rack gathering dust for years to come. Poverotti does Motown. Get it while supplies last. By the way, supplies are not likely to run out anytime soon. I'm sure that. I can't wait to get mine for Exxonus Man. One or two, some nice job Miguel, let's take very long. You eliminated that cancer. I mean, that situation from our Myspace page. Okay. And there's 840 other people on there. I don't think contacting any of the Nam Miguel looks at every one of the, I guess you do. I don't know what you would, you know, how much you did with that page. I don't look at all of them. You know, when they come in for approval, I try to take a quick peek and see that. Right. Easy person or something. I see. But you never really can be too sure. I mean, right. Just go away. I didn't look like you crazy person were come to find out like, wouldn't it look like Wow. You know, don't go away, man. Jake, I'm just going to hell away. Okay. Just to get lost. I'll make it on air confession right now. Get that on my system and that'll be the end. Okay. So I don't get any more faxes from that idiot that faxon Friday. Who never by the way did fax back and say, oh, and by the way, thanks for the years of greater Tim, which I did like all the other shows. But it's just, you know, a moment of stupidity and it is see. And again, it's a good lesson. No. It's a really good lesson. Anybody who like find online, run the other way. It's probably a pretty good idea. Just run like a son of a bitch. Just walk away. That is correct. But you think it's a pretty good idea. Yeah. So yeah, we'd like to get to our thousand. In fact, we like 5,000 friends in the MySpace page and they can confagulate with each other. But don't blame me. And if you wind up with people that you eventually later on say, oh, gee, what are we Need this for? Just like me. What do I need that for? Well, I guess, you know, there are people out there overgrown children who want a lot of publicity and attention. They're talking about me again. They're squeezing each other and themselves and whatever. And good. Have a life. Not necessarily a great life just have a life and get out of mind. Cruise ships are getting a tidal wave of bad publicity from the neural virus, including back to back out breaks and voyages of world-career. We can see them in the seas. The world's largest cruise ship as we well know on the show because I've been giving that message for a long time. Stay off those friggin cruise ships. Found out in the recent spade about breaks is that the nasty stomach bug, George, is hitting hard on land these days too. It's probably on a door knob or a handrail near you or toilet seat or a pot on a board. Oh no. Once I'm in this one pot on a board, if there is George, be smoking it already. Five nursing homes in Dave County have had bouts of neural virus since the end of October according to Dave County Health Department. One swarrow as a regional environmental epidemiologist at the agency estimates that the average of 20 to 30, maybe 40, maybe 40, maybe 40, pitolated facility took ill. Broward Health officials say they have seen once suspected outbreak at nursing woman recent weeks. It's a best thing to do on this is at mother article about washing your hands, wash them and wash them and scrub them and wash them and clean them and you know. When the doubt washed it up, the Centers for Disease Control and Lines, say the neurovirus family of viruses seems to be on the rise lately, though it has data only for cruise ships and food worn out breaks. Cruise ships are required to log gastrointend intestinal incidents and the CDC gets involved on outbreak strike 2% of the past years are crew. The CDC is planning to go on and on and on and on. The dinosaur barbeque in Syracuse, New York at the popular bike bar in restaurant. Some 960 pay offings were hit during the busie Thanksgiving weekend with the neurovirus, the bug. The hangout was shut for four days while workers gave it a thorough washing. And because all these other examples of people, kitchen or guts, and wild, swimming diarrhea, all of these great things. All of these things. There are God's a gift to man, you know, partly a wonderful legacy of craft that he gave to us. 1345 votes. I think we got a real shot at 14 today and you know on like two weeks before Christmas even less I think that would be quite a feather in our crack cap that'd be something. Don't you? 1345 WQAM hello QAM Now that's probably one of the better ones we've had all day. Is this my favorite very quiet? useful Hello, no go. WQAM hello Yes Let's go Talk another thing that's got the holes in you know the part of the phone that you know you speak in Go ahead Go ahead and get yourself a real hole would be good. Okay, but Get a real phone to work. I thought we should have maybe had some of the say although I doubt it's you know very much It would be very out of character this you know this time of the year the land of loser is baby See I was stuff that you know when you conversed with people online L.O.L. met like laugh out loud No, it means it's coming from South Florida land of the losers. That's what it means That's the answer This a grotesque chapter of my life. He's nice to you know I apologize to myself not anybody else but to myself for being such an old smart What was the I don't even get it now? I can't even answer the question. What was the attraction? What was the big intimacy? You know you don't have to tell me well, I can't I don't I can't answer myself I guess said don't go away, man. Just go away. Okay great job Wonderful, you know, accomplishment there tremendous achievement and you can write it in your diary and then on your on your grave on your tombstone They can write he was a real nooage or or whatever whatever makes you happy What is Dennis Cassinich? I'll call it opposition to the way they said I'll call it he's got not just opposition to the war, but it's rock solid opposition. I'll position that he liked that Dennis Cassinich. I think he's you know, he's got a big pair for a little guy and he You know, he tells it like it is he's one of the few that had the balls to tell exactly what was going on years ago Oh, he's a little jica into funny looking. Oh, I do my story about Fargo. I got to find that. Oh, yeah It's important. I'm pretty good. I'm just for you. For you and me because I've been there you have been there. Oh, yeah, I got lost in Fargo. That's actually a little adventure And it'll the winner really freezing with an inappropriate jacket and I was gonna miss my bus and be stuck there with no money In Fargo, no, I'll probably get frozen in the middle of the street there. Wow I don't I don't I don't think I put it out. I'm maybe I put it on our website. That would be really bad That would be nasty, but nevertheless I love Francis me dormant and especially in that movie. All we love what he makes me see to an any movie Yes, guess what movie was on again the other night speaking to people that we like a lot I feel it's more hopping guess what it was owning a honey. Oh, okay good movie. It is a great movie And it was a film right here in Toronto and there's a true story about the biggest investment of funds in Canadian banking history and like he said he didn't have a gambling problem. He had a losing problem Yeah, and then there was another line he said I don't have a gambling problem. I have a financial problem Right, he is great. You know the only problem with him though is that in that movie It was almost the same character as he was in happiness, you know, yeah, and I was I was just expecting certain things like gluing the postcards on the wall You know, crazy crazy Yeah Human is a wild and the crazy kind of guy and then of course he was great in my daughter too Which you don't like that movie very much. I like the movie I don't want to hear any more about the end. I mean there are so many movies that have totally unsatisfactory endings They always Peter Graves That's the song on my birthday, but you know I still love it And you know what else you know you're good close by I know what I wanted to tell you last hour I don't know if you were listening because you probably know this into the spots there was a Jim Mandage spot for my close friends A dry concepts about Tyl about grout and cleaning and so on Where does he get in the copy? You might want to ask your good buddy Hank Guerrero that quiz like next time you encounter his a sorry ass pathetic God dear most My Man young old every child's dream and every parents nightmare Last smokes Congratulations! You're founding on eBay! And if you win now, I'm only $20,000 on $1,000! Oh, make that $27,000! And because we're seed, it's quite firm yellow, though. Okay, mom! Get ready to run! Let's see it in $560. We're ready for this. We're ready for anything now. Paul Cuckman and the New York Times rights. They told you so. Shortly after US forces marched into Baghdad in 2003, the Weekly Standard Policy Day, Gearing Article titled The Cassandra Chronicles, these two put into the of the anti-war doom-sairs. Among those the article, Mark was a war novelist named James Webb, who is now the Senator of Electron Virginia. The article's title was more revealing than its authors. New people forget the nature of Cassandra's curse, although nobody would believe her all her prophecies came true. And so it was with those who weren't against invading Iraq, and best they were ignored. A recent article in the Washington Post, roofly conceded, that the papers account of the debate in the House of Representatives over the resolution authorizingly rack war, a resolution imposed by a majority of the Democrats, gave no coverage at all to those anti-war arguments that now seem pressured. At worst, those who were skeptical about the case for war had their patriotism and or their sanity questioned. The new republic now says that it deeply regretts its early support for this war. Does it also deeply regret accusing those who opposed rushing into war of abdic pacifism? Now only a few neoconded ender still believe that this war was anything but a vast exercise in Folly, and those who prayed for local pressure and ridicule to oppose what Al Gore had rightly called the worst strategic mistake in the history of the US deserve some credit. Unlike the Weekly Standard, with single out those that thought it had been proved wrong, I'd like to offer some praise to those who got it right. Here's a partial honor roll, Paul says. Former President George Herbert Walker Bush and Brent Skowcroft explaining the idea why they did not go on to Baghdad 91. And we got the invasion route the US could conceivably still be neocopying power and a bitterly hostile land they said. And of course, Bush 41 was all choked up as he said it I'm sure. Representative ice-skillten, September 2002, I have no doubt that our military would decisively defeat the rights forces in a moose autumn, but likely proverbial dog chasing the war down the road we must consider what we would do after we caught it. Al Gore, September 2002, I'm deeply concerned that the course of action that we're presently embarking upon with respect to Iraq as the potential to seriously damage our ability to win the war against terrorism and to weaken our ability to lead the world in his new century. Barack Obama, now a US senator, September 2002, I don't oppose all wars when I'm opposed to was it dumb war. Well, I'm opposed to was a rash war. When I'm opposed to was the cynical attempt by Richard Pearl and Paul Wolfowitz and other armchair weekend warriors in this administration to shove their own ideological agenda down our throats irrespective of the cost and lives lost in hardships born. Representative John Spat, October 2002, the outcome after the conflict is actually going to be the hardest part and it is far less certain. Representative Nancy Pelosi, now the House Speaker of the Act, October 2002, when we go away in the occupation which is now being called the liberation could be interminable and the amount of money it cost could be unlimited. Senator Russ Fingold, October 2002, I'm increasingly troubled by the investigation for an invasion at this time. When the administration moves back and forth from one argument to another, I think it had a cost to credibility of the case in the belief in its urgency. I believe that this practice of shifting justification as much to do with the trevying phenomenon of many Americans questioning the administration's motives. Howard Dean, then a candidate for prison, and October the DNC February 2003. I firmly believe that the prison is focusing our diplomats, our military, our intelligence agencies and even our people on the wrong war at the time, Iraq is a divided country with Sunishia and Kurdish factions that's here both bitter while Buries and Exist large quantities of arms. Courtman says we should honor these people for the wisdom and courage. We should also ask why anyone who didn't raise questions about the war or at any rate anyone elected as a cheerleader for this march or folly should be taken seriously when he or she talks about matters of national security. Amen Paul, here's your cheer chair. Here's your cheer chair. And have another booze here. That's it. Ah, I'm here for us. Get all boozed up for the holidays, baby. Because that's what it's all about. And it, oh yeah, that's what it's all about. What are we going to do? You know, this could be a week ago. And I'm glad that we learned my lesson today because yesterday even though it was bizarre, they were able to keep it going to a clock today. It's down like the precious like you said the club. So I'm going to have like a heavy pile all the rest of the week. A big fat pile. We have a big fat pile all the time. 1371 votes on the pool so far. We got 1400 licks easy man. In fact, if we didn't push it, and McGell would have been pushed instead of the one on my space page. And by the way, you are, you know, you're a good guy, but you didn't do it intentionally, but you're responsible for dragging me into the world of this baby crap. And that's exactly what that all is. Baby crap. Better to all these infant. I can understand teenagers. Okay. That's basically what it's for. It's what it's about. Chocking to me. We got 840 people on it because that's not general. They are crowd. But these are the same people who get online. You're like, you know, like a these 18. Like we got on the phone. It would have a situation. And like eight or ten of them get online together. And that's a big club you've got. That is correct. A lot of juvenile crap, which is fine. You know, I don't begrudge anybody. Whatever good time they want to. Just don't drag me in the middle of it. Okay. Just don't lose me and this show and my livelihood and my sanity is some kind of an effing game. And that's all I suggest. So I really couldn't answer. If I had to start over again, which I don't want to do. But if I had to start over in an answer to the question of what that was really all about last week, I have gotten the idea. I don't know. We all go through our thinking life. We all have these periods of time when we're like, you know, we just, I don't know. I can't answer it. Strange bizarre. We go through bizarre things. What do you really want for Christmas? Whatever. This year, World Peace, 2019, to be in the Hillsville, 182, not in the that. And I can't really imagine the kind of crap behind my back I'm getting about that. Admittedly so was an absolute act of ultimate insanity lunacy, but I'm a crazy person. Yeah. To be in the Hillsville, 182, a three-sum with two good looking strangers, 164, sex with a good looking stranger, 133, sex with a real real hot good looking stranger. But anyway, through it's a great tire, one, 171, a new job, 105, one of the Hills Corvettes, 85. A freesum with my spouse and a good looking stranger, 67, a big bag of weed, 66, a new car, 58, nothing, 55. I like people who don't want anything. You know, they're very happy. Just like me, I don't want nothing for Christmas. You know what I want? I do want one thing. To be left alone. That's what I want. Just leave me alone. Have a wonderful life. I have great friends. Everything. I have no complaints. None. Zero. Zippity. Do that. Work for a bunch of lunatics. But that's a given when you work for other people. It's always going to be that. It always sucks. Working for other people blows. But those chest not only show up on time now, but by got them so potty friendly show up like days early now. Days early. Nice going Joe and even Clarence. 56 to one. Not for my family and not to spend any money. 31. A good machine. 31. I hate this pool 20. For Neil the retire. 17. Not a chance. I'm going to stay here until I drop right on the floor until I croak. In fact, you know, something even if I'm not working anymore, even if I'm not getting paid, I'll still stay here. And just keep talking every day. Even if it's not on the year. Yeah. Cause you know, as well as I do that when this whole deal is up. They're not going to go to the expense of coming up and getting this equipment. Do you know what I say? Oh, these money grippers get out and here. What are they going to do with this stuff? This stuff ain't worth 50 cent right now at this point. Anyway, we'll get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of good so in other words put out or get out that's my new philosophy somebody famous philosopher wants to pull me that course he was a but that's beside the point oh now let me ask you about hankerware because we have a situation here again we have another as a kimba would say a situation and it's just a make it up I mean I could go out to the mailbox and see if anybody's stuck anything in there lately or have a little go right now you could go out to the mailbox and see if we have like a real honesty on a piece of coffee no but the interest was that I never knew if I was you can do it yes it was not that I didn't we went and did wait for time and it's not a little bit okay so let me just say it officially again hankerware is a whole okay I want to let me try to put it in different way hankerware is an ass like that's why everybody you know the holidays have a part of time to control your weight that's what I come up with a way for you to shake your ball mama jelly with threaten to the carols you'll be crazy to the tuna you're not you'll be flicking your all as power getting to a witcher wonderland of that burning fun you'll be ho-ho holding in your stomach as unwrapping your thighs as you join me singing all the lot for this is such might be written to the carols are they the ones they're about to hold me 13-84 and pull maybe almost 14 every votes on the 12th of December what it is quite a major accomplishment when surprised me if they stopped the press of the prekenela times put it in there right in the front pay thank am i me man who investigators say had part of graphic videos featuring children as young as four years old on his computer has been arrested attorney general soon to be your next uh... governor Charlie christen on today linen Jose cario thirty how old is he got to the man he charged with luck out of promoting the essential performance of a child and five kinds of possession of child pornography all felony offenses if convicted he faces up to forty years in prison good investigators got wind first of korea cario is a leg activity when they spotted pornography posted on the internet like i said there's a lot of very strange people on the internet and i just get through say that limits ago yes straight people on the internet they then search his residence finding numerous videos on cario's computer which children being sexually abused authority said cario was arrested Friday okraio is only one hour so you'd you really are one is only one i don't think so it's like a mini roll like cario but i like to do it but i like to do it but i feel so much better absolutely you roll the tongue actually go cario oh i like that was arrested Friday's being held a day county jail admitted knowingly possessing the pornography the attorney general's orificid it's difficult to imagine the deficit the gravity that lead individuals to create industry with child pornography christen statement hey Charlie you're fairly it's encouraging know that our child predator cybercrime unit and local authorities continue to track these people down track their ass down baby and then find the rest of them too when you're ready as this is fact that actually coming here now it's been uh in the facts i don't expect much between now the other the other these people are shopping to the drop in their minds they're drunk they're uh i don't know they're just off their gourd and the fact says look at that oh my goodness the survey but then oh oh and i i can testify this is probably true but there's a lot of people from india up here you do know that you said of course you also know that i get around i do know that i will say this the indian people i'm talking about the ones from indian i've indian as native american or and i'm that's another subject well i want to get into it because then somebody will come and say don't play that drop in you can't get all up to again i know about them we uh these to compete against them in high school about who the american native american what do you mean you know about them what would all we would wind up having to uh shower afterwards after these sporting events yeah and and other doing just fine oh i can't believe that you noticed wow it's a difficult not to yeah it's difficult when it's like right in your face you know it's a short you know how that goes it's difficult when it's like as they walk by it's right in your face oh anyway a survey more than a thousand men and indias concluded that condoms made according to international sizes are too large for majority of indian men absolutely india these study father more than half the men measured had penises that were sure that international standards for combat there's another word and there's international standard believe me i'm not even and it close oh brother it is led to a call for condoms of mixed sizes to be made more widely available in india mixed sizes small much smaller and teeny we need the two the two we're starting with carried out but i still reading me these smart they teeny teeny we need the two let me go why you're at a delete he's at two and now why listen seriously i don't want to get back on it again but i'm so i'm so embarrassed with myself you know that's so out of a character for me i'm just i'm just not an emotional cripple you know why why didn't i have me you'll do that a long time ago i don't know let me just say this to you again and this is just generally speaking although it applies in this specific case if you follow if somebody gives you their phone number okay they're heart home phone or cell phone whatever they give you a number and you call them repeatedly and they not only don't pick up when they see this you but they don't return to calls that's not an active a friend okay then that's an active somebody that's a dillani anyway the two year study was carried out by the Indian council medical research over 1200 volunteers from the length and breadth of the country had their penises measured precisely down to the last millimeter oh boy the scientist even checked their sample was representative of India's a whole in terms of class religion and urban and rural dwellers they can include them all the scientific and never ever is that about six oh for sixty percent of Indian men had penises which are between three and five centimeters shorter than international standards used in quantum manufacture even that's why they make so many babies okay they try it in people in India yeah I think there's an habit in China right there's a third of the whole world's population is right there it was two freaking countries man and half of those people live in Toronto Canada and I mean the China and the India whatever it is doctor Chandler Prairie Prairie especially in the reproductive health of the Indian council medical research told the BBC there was an obvious need in India for custom-made condoms as most of those currently on sale are too large the issue is serious because about one and every five times the kind of misuse in India either falls off or tears and extremely high failure rate see I was like talking about that but there you go it either falls off or tear it that's why they had all those kids and not completely has the highest number of HIV infections of any nation oh mister Piri said that since Indians have been embarrassed about going to a chemist west for smaller condoms there should be vending machines dispensing different sizes all around the country medium small much much smaller and teeny teeny teeny weeny smaller condoms are in cylinder but there's a lack of awareness that different sizes are available there's anxiety top of the issue and normally one field try to go to a chemist chef and ask for a smaller size condom there needs to be an ad campaign but Indian men need not be considered about measuring up internationally to a soon-old mirror the former editor of the Indian version of the men's magazine maximum it's not size it's what you do with the matters he said original calm yeah yeah yeah just keep showing yourself that sand rationalization you know I knew a guy that had a twelve inch number but he didn't use it I know here we go again I just dumped that because we definitely can't discuss that okay we can discuss it in generic terms where we can't discuss uh they're just rambling off I don't care about right out there something about a foot and you see something about my left foot yeah something and what about nothing good on all right I'll tell you one thing man all of a sudden this is a new area of expertise for George sure I have a new one that's out you what I had a good line you didn't even hear it you stepped all over okay well go ahead I'm not gonna dump it you go ahead and say it I knew a good you can't say it all right because I knew a guy that had a twelve inch member but he didn't use it as a rule you know I was I was feeling so mentally liberated and emancipated and so happy about life and back then like almost a normal again and you just uh I don't know and you really thought that was a good line yeah always got lost well if it's a good line no I'll bullshit probably be in there any second and give you a rift snorting time 1394 on a poll we got 1400 elected a baby who says that we don't make an emotional and mental comeback on the show no matter how much they did with us they can it'll with us it'll make any difference man resilience that's what it's all about resilience the old bounce back the old fat fact bounces back I got a great story here you love it right in line with his said last story about the can thanks whoever facts that in my thought that was simulating is Danny Gallo and would say it was a simulating save and a simulating story this one I'll give you the headline before we do the break a little tease okay this is from the sun sent also it's like uh pretty amazing mental local local newspaper puts something like this in it as it turns out women know love stinks already what I think maybe it's actually three that they're smaller the biggest name so best talent to the business for you Rogers you got she was a community I got in a community that means and I got as far as I got tell she was the fantastic iconoplastic Celia crew and you who the record presents the dose it will if you were sounds of Celia crews he's dead you know she was so beautiful two new crew who sold her to you for you available now with the Tuesdays you see the employer okay 144 one look at the last break today look at what is it about an 85 spot 85 units in that break look at them wow pretty impressive and let me say it again if Hank aware what doesn't get off his ass on that thing you know I've been doing that spot for how many thousand years now I don't where and where does manage come up getting that other piece of copy and all of a sudden I can't get it and that's because this guy hasn't got a clue what's going on with his account Hank aware of that to be confused thank you one of the things you like a lot that's a fan bank that was and the other Hank is hopeless joe faxes and says and he's not just play that cdacruz he says reading from a long time list we will call you sure once I had a thing about the cdacruz music at the next year restaurant in Frederic's plan and I'm stood on cdacruz and I'm stood on how do you like that who totally that place is going to hell it says I heard your comments they immediately regarding cruise ships I'm 100% agreement with you with so many great places to visit why in the world with somebody get on a cruise ship because they're dumb d u m m dumb I consider cruise ships to be nothing more than floating toilets where you body gets sick from something go away to put it very delicate excellent joe it says I've come to the conclusion the only reason people get on them is because they're lazy or they want to spend a week stepping their faces with food or both you know what that reminds me of i'll get to in a second okay and also since i'm planning a visit to answer that next you will also visit viana saws burgund brussels take care and takes for all the entertainment well thanks for the nice fact you're which he's got a last name but i'm not gonna use it i mean anybody that's got ballsy enough to put their last name i respect that but you know why should i put his last name on you in right like take a walk i should do that 14 every seven boats on the full what i was gonna say about the people uh... stuffing their faces with food it's like the people in Vegas when you go to like k&g and whatever ksina you like to stay and you know they got the great buffet is well some of margarita than others of some of them are just slump but it's all you can eat baby it's a buffet and so these people who are there there gambling hundreds thousands whatever they're plunging you follow my logic here right but because of the fact that it's a low priced buffet they'll stand online for two and a half hours i mean seriously a good time son i'm you seen him have a good seen those lines and i'm thinking of myself i could understand if it's gonna be the most secular meal in the world i'm gonna get lobster and steak and i'm gonna get like uh... you know for me right but i mean to stand lying like that just because you're gonna save a few bucks on our on a good meal or you think what's gonna be for me why not go there's so many great restaurants in Vegas why not go to one of the really fabulous restaurants you get a great meal yeah i'm saying like the rosewood like the rosewood grill would be good or like the rhapsody used to be with jane thirna more because probably not enough people was very expensive it was in the uh... trampicana right i ate the rhapsody it was man great yeah what in fact i once had a rhapsody my pants from that plate of food was so good they had the best crime rule a man for dessert oh my god at their meal chop up you went to the rhapsody yeah had a uh... hook up in those days so uh... we got treated with me in those days and those days the olden days when we used to go to Vegas you know i i acquired a hook up from someone who is a travel agent who had connections over there and uh... hook up with the uh... with the rhapsody too but i you know had a couple of compliments not that i'm looking for comp meals i'm not one of the snores that runs around looking to impress anybody over getting a free meal here at or like you know mr. ego you know well come as to ego survive another burden jacks been close along maybe he's enjoying at par meson cheese on his peppercorns fourteen and written ten votes on a poll today boys been okay this is been a good day this has been a turning point in my life today i'm very i'm grateful i want to thank the lord they all good for being a turning point in my life this one i was on the road to self destruction whatever that means and again that's my girls fall for getting involved with a bunch of silly ass people who want to toy with my emotions and and toward my and i have no idea what it was even all about i don't even understand it now if you ask me to explain if my girls explain it to i don't know who knows you know i mean as you know i'm a sucker for a pretty face but that one even all that pretty and it just was pretty uh devastating and tell you buddy Joe by the way he's got crappy taste of neighbors okay Joe probably just like you know he like getting a big fat one every now and then too of course we don't know necessarily what that means i will be really no Joe i told you what that he would email every now and again and he came by a couple of appearances oh some other it's just another face and a crowd just yeah i keep saying that well he wear a face and a crowd okay we all learned a very difficult lesson this week in including the interrodians be aware of just another face and a crowd okay whether it's a marginal face a pretty face a suspicious face a devious face just be wear okay and stay off of those stupid and chat rooms and my space in your place i mean yeah if we get 15,000 people out of eventually that's fine with me and they can all deal with each other because obviously that's uh what it's all about and that was all about you put your left foot in you put your uh that's what Wayne said when you did the hokey pokey that time i'd like to see Wayne's ass in the pokey myself what do you really want for Christmas Hanika quads what do you want this solid a season 1412 votes and estimable number considering uh all the things we're up against when you say okay Chris it would have been 50 would have been pretty good too based on South Florida world peace has pulled away well thank god for that we got some people out there some spiritual people whatever that I mean there's still no one what that means some people with a soul some people with some rock mulless as they say in Sweden have been to Stockholm you'd like Stockholm to right here i think that's one of these and to go back to Joe's facemédia to go about people with a cruisers see a lot of people i mean i spend a fortune traveling and that's because I only go you know business class flying in the top five star hotels but a lot of people are spending all this money on cruisers and they could be fully going to Europe to great places to answer them to Rome to Berlin do Stockholm to Helsinki and really see what the world is really all about just have a fabulous time and great food and just you know the best possible time of their lives and and not be wasted in money getting sick that's what just puzzles me because as as i'm sure you also know they have like packaged deals you know remember what we knew you say we have packaged deals i think that was uncruish if so i'm sure was what i got packaged deal yeah miss old micro in your man there was a good guy miss understood just like me badly miss understood this audience thinks that i'm a hard bitten miserable nasty you know just a radio show that's all i'm a sweet old man i'm getting older by the minute not sweeter necessarily in fact this last 10 days so little on the sour side in fact maybe i could be some sweet and sour for lunch sounds pretty good anyway hot and sour okay sweet and sour you know the guy that called it about his blood sugar i remember that i was serious you just know the one of our looney tunes but that well what are you thinking about sir he's gonna eat whatever he wants and the disease not to measuring and that's it yeah i would say if it's still on there i go back to the bob last it or blog that he was running the on time before he finally died you know and think about that the foot amputated the hard they cut the car you will bash it or bottoms the matter kidneys going and all the stuff and then dying a horrible wicked death and knowing all along he was going to die poor blah blah and and i you know even though i was in touch with him a couple times and uh you know we exchange the few emails and talked about the phone a couple times i i don't know what you know he obviously let himself go and wasn't checking a blood sugar and you know it's the diabetes horrible thing but if you're just gonna try to ignore it and say well i'm gonna eat whatever i want i'm not gonna check it anymore you might as well just take a gun and go your brains out i just don't understand group balls like that well the eating yourself to death is slower and funer is that what it is ain't no fun i'll tell you that when you're working desperately to get your blood sugar back down we've had a really a bad day and ice cream day you know nothing that ice cream in the microwave like that jerk that called earlier about that how and i'm asked this for all these years how can there be so many stupid people in one place so many worthless useless creatures in one place gravity and you know the interesting part of it is that uh the people i talked to my friends in florida which you know some of them in some of your life but nevertheless they agree yeah agree i mean like uh you know how why am i still here what am i doing here how do i get out you know like how can there be so many retardos in one place anyway here's the idea what do we really want for all these world peace 231 to be on the hills well 186 it's closed the world is closed a threesome with two billion well i shouldn't say it's closed you never know all in counter you know never know it could be in how easy i am a threesome with two billion strangers one sixty eight six with a good of a stranger one thirty four as in right now right into a clock uh two retard one nineteen a new job one-on-one one of the old square vat eighty seven no chance a big bag of weeds seventy George will be right over with it uh a threesome with my spouse and a good of a stranger sixty nine a new car sixty nothing fifty seven god of those people easy huh nothing will make them happy you know what that's what we're gonna get them to nothing for my family not to spend my money thirty two a good machine mom thirty two i hate this full twenty two for a year old a retire seventeen ready quinn sixteen a good meal ten and why can't we kind of combine those last two the biggest name so best challenge to this is wheel rotters it's the nation's number one movie featuring the NFL's most animated quarterback Michael the ex-dysin happy thing you know man boom this boom it's you see this Michael book and run he can pass and he can fit I got you caught a back right right here number one six double arms the falcons say good bird Michael Dick and happy finger ladies and gentlemen bye bye bye