He's an angel. I don't judge like athletes by the people they are. How about you are just talking there today about what's his name there? The big unit in New York. What about what a jackass he is. He's a jackass. I see so you just got through to me. You like him? Randy Johnson? If yeah. As a martyr, April 3rd 2006 Josh Kordish finally admits he likes Randy Johnson. This is the real Roger. You're a fairer space by 162. This is the real Roger child. This is a great. Any questions? Who's a starring top of just that turn out to be a hypocrite? You're doing well. Who is the dude that gets mad when they put down something? Stop. Who's the cat that's making fun of every other really nice turn? Stop. Not only. This is shit. This one brainwashing mother. She's so mad. I heard about shit. He's a true baseball hard, but nobody understands him, but I'm a loser. Yes, who would have him? It's a lot of class anyway. I never gave it a big schedule. I know a lot of you will keep pranking these things. It's a cross-to-street. We got Kim Bo-Kamp, who's a new person. Good guy. Mad Dog, who's a dad like almost invisible. He's following two hours a day in the air every day. Mad Dog and cool-lines come out of the grill. 4-635 and another tough two and a half hour show. And then because we got a lot to stuff tonight, baby. Marlon's opening day game. Any interest? It's going to be a simple lady, man. This has very jackass. 635 is the pre-game show. Marlon's at Houston. There are a lot of people who are in Houston. They're playing the Astros at the 705. And that's not the Astros anymore because that's filled with it legally. Aliens. Whatever they are. What do they call them? What the park? No, what do they call the people that got less than the world exactly we were. That's the easiest. No, they didn't call them that. They were calling them something else. They should have been called the vacuum. They were called, um, I don't know, a bad name. What is it, com America park? The minute made. The minute made park. Yes. Oh, I'm wondering if the juice plays there. Uh, Panzer PN. And then we got that game going on on QAIM. But on, uh, say, I'm 1360 KAT, which is about a single I wouldn't wish on Hitler. Panzer PB was seven o'clock. Panthers have to lightning in 10th of May. The biggest game of the season. We got on KAT at 730. Eddie Kee follows Marlon's baseball on QAIM. You got that? Follow all that. Got no. Somebody says, Grin, I'm right, Ray, or 51. 451 by Ray Bradbury. I saw that it didn't see it. The movie was on for you. I should have watched it. Uh, you know what? It's better than reading the book. And watch the movie is better than reading the book because you both taste like Tom. I mean, they make good points. It's 1984, but it's much to do about nothing really. Sorry, well, Ray Bradbury is so probably as much to do about nothing. Oh, Jesus. I said, I just did. But let's get that on there. Fair and height 451. I mean, Fair and height 9, level 1 in the movie. Pull maybe for a night 451 can read the book. You think? Oh, doubt it. Let's see. Oh, no. Oh, the stuff that's coming in. This is why people don't read books. This other one. The book that Tom is a teenager. The thing for myself was at least shrugged by in-rand. Oh, I read what I mean. I read what I mean. I read what I mean. I read what I mean. I read what I mean. I read what I mean. I read what I've read books. I wish I could have a time back that I thought. Oh, my god. Talk about convoluted. Yeah. Self-hating woman. It's just the light. Sudo and a lot of school. I'm over that. Self-hating woman. Yeah. I think Brian Haaland did that. Right before a gypsy woman. By the way, all you gypsies out there. If you'd step carrying him little babies in the act and like a gypsy, maybe people wouldn't catch on so quick. The book is well as her philosophy in general, breaks down organized religion, politics, and even human nature for what they really are. It says, very liberating for a Catholic boy like me. And those principles have got to be through the years. Well, like I said, it was important for this person to read. Atlas shrugged. Unfortunately, radiology has been hijacked by African servitors, but anything of value is fair game to them. By the neo-cons. They put the cond and neo-con. Oh, speaking of time jobs, guess what time cruise says? Hey, Tommy. You're fairie. What are you going to do about it? You're fairie. Berlin. The American, I think it's a lot of time in Berlin. Hmm. So why is a matter of fact? I love Berlin. I spent a lot of time in Berlin. Tom Cruise spends a lot of time in Berlin. Start to see that picture? Hmm. You guys like each other? No. American actor Tom Cruise told Germany's leading tabloid in his Monday that he wanted to tie the knot this summer with Beyonce Katie Holmes after the birth of their baby in the upcoming release of his new film, Mission Impossible of Tird. Cruise was in Germany to plug the film on the country's property, Vettendoss, Al Bet, TV show, Vettendoss. He sent on the show Saturday that two pilots were at the ready to fly home should homes go into labor. If Katie calls, I'm gone through a sentence, he wanted to be present to the birth of their first child. What a hoot of debt he is. Cruise confirmed to build that he and Holmes planned to marry in the coming months. First the baby then the film he was quoted as saying then in summer we want to get married. I won't live this woman get away. That's what the Scientologist probably told him. Saying would like Lisa Marie Presley. Cruise is both starring in a co-producing the third and stop out of the Fission Impossible series filled in China Italy due to release on May 5th. Aren't you excited to get my Markter in your calendar? Next month baby only a month away from Fission Impossible. I'll be sure to miss that. No. He makes me gag. Oops. Here's another one for your poll. I see. The 911 Commission report on Missions and Distorsons by David Rage Griffin. Do you want to put all that on there? No. Actually I didn't want to put it on there but he keeps practicing. So I thought it has it along. Who does total guy's eye? Yes. This is iodine. Whatever they keep practicing. Hi, I'dine. And who do we figure out that iodine was? We figured out that. What is it? I don't know. Yeah, he's sitting in a cure-crum. I don't know. Put that on there or not. You leave it up to you. Leave it up to being how lazy a judge wants to be. Or not. Oh, I don't how lazy judge wants to be. Yeah. I'm thinking what he's saying probably is because nobody's reading those stories anymore. Just me sending a check on someone. Nobody will destroy it. This way? Yeah. That'd be great. Okay? You are such a punch. Lazy. Nobody knows me is reading them anymore. I'll note today, actually, we got 147. I'll spike them up. I'll just put them in. I'll just put them in. Where word porn is in that one story. Anything that's got porn or Schmidt or F. Those get tremendous amount of reads. Anything else? Forget about it. Now, let me take a look back and see. Because we see it like regularly four, five hundred minimum. Maybe I'll get some titles up a little bit with, uh, Yeah, just put the airport in everyone. Yeah, the F and Bush administration. Look at that Friday. Very weak. The jet may be 10 times faster than other planes. I mean, I read that story was okay, but 279. There was the tough. And that's because it's pace off coming up. The juicer aren't reading this stuff. It's against their religion. 402 votes on a poll today. We're not going to make like even 500. Talking about books. But listen, it beats heaven, Mike Keenan on. Oh, speak of the bad news from Iraq. It's just a little bit over the weekend. Just to minor things. And serves as a small Shiite mass northeast of Baghdad yesterday. While police reported that discovered nearly 40 bodies in several neighborhoods of the Iraqi capital. The US military reported the death of three American soldiers. And a US helicopter crash Saturday southwest of Baghdad, two more US soldiers died there. See, just two here or three over there. It's just a number. The violence came a secretary state condor, Leisure, and British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, made a surprise visit to press the Iraqi police and the speed of the formation of a government already. Would you please speed it up? Because it's starting to make us look really bad. In Bakuba, 35 miles northeast of Baghdad, I'm identified and planted explosives around the small. Globally she had mosque and blew that up. No casualties reported there. Three stressed something music see these are also bombed. Unabamba, the Kenya. And then like I'm seeing these guys. All I've western style music, you know, all those sea-to-cruise records. They would sure piss me off. Here is the worst news I have ever rated my life by far. The worst. Okay, you know, sorry, say it in just a second hour. Okay. Wait. Somebody is making... Smells like rotten meat or something. Or a barbecue. Or a barbecue. I have a barbecue lot today. Oh, that's what it is. Good. God, talk about a backup. And it does smell like rotten meat. Now the image is... Hmm. Now you're making meat sauce for that pasta? I have it all kinds of ways, but we have regulars spaghetti, but I like just a, you know, pasta with butter. Oh, spaghetti with butter. No, that butter man, the cholesterol is going to kill you. That's why you're here is great. Yeah, that's it. That's one. This is the worst story. You know, people with CBS and the wonder we see tears pouring from the CBS eye all the time. Wasn't bad enough, you shafted Dan Radar. That wasn't bad enough. And then Mike Wallace is going to hang it up now. You turn 110. That's just nice smell rotten meat. Oh, God. Maybe that's meat. A bit of a lot of candle. Totally cow. Katie Courage deal to move to Nakady Courage. I mean, I got news from another. Didn't Hank go once work with her or something. I got asked about that. That's hard. That's what's worked out her. Knife down. Katie Courage deal to move to CBS news is completed in principle. And announcement that she's maybe going to be seen by come as early as this week. This is from TV Week. That's the quiet buzz among sources from media with assorted moving parts. Connected moving parts. Maybe like her. Back to them. Ask. Connected to the deal of transform is correct from poanchor of the number one morning show today, which is a horrible show to anchor of the third place of a growing CBS evening news. Third place but growing. That's like that's like across the street. Yeah. In a 25th place but growing. To like time for 23rd. And taking on the CBS, you got Miss Kirk would be the first thing that was service to Lanker of a network flagship newscast. Oh. God. Look at that. Do you see the polls there in California? No. I can't wait. 1% of the Schwarzenegger. And another poll he should have said like 39% he's going to get his ass beat bad. And none too soon by the way. More on. The first announcement should be the Miss Kirk is leaving the peacock. Now working viewers have spent their mornings with Miss Kirk for 15 years. I feel real bad for those people. The official announcement of CBS's dream come true landing Miss Kirk is this evening star would follow perhaps next week. Miss Kirk's personal pubisist Matthew Hiltsick of Freud Communications, the time to comment on TV week last week as did representatives at NBC and CBS News. Miss Kirk's 65 million dollar contract under which NBC paid her more than 15 million year is not until the end of May. 15 million year for that bubble headed bitch. She's almost as bad as solely dead. She's like maybe half a step above solely dead. And hopefully she'll fall off. I wouldn't watch me do I'd rather watch Puddy Daddy Bob Schiefer and I wouldn't watch him if you paid me by the second on CBS. Okie Doke. Because Miss Kirk is the biggest star on the likes of biggest paycheck and TV news, there have been months of frenzied speculation and false rumors about every angle, including whether her ambition is sweet later become the first female man I wanted to settle was the top network anchor. With stronger than long friendship with Jeff Zucker, the former today executive producer is now the president of NBC Universal TV group. A source close to Miss Kirk said last week nothing is planned as of now. However both NBC and CBS need Miss Kirk to soon be an unsounder rather than later. Rather than later. See how they split in and that's key. Each network needs to make plans for long-term futures of its respective news programs and for the mid-May up-front extravagances of which news stars and programs for the two thousand six seven seasoner to attempt to kick off the preseason sales of the bulk of ad time. That's what it's all about is ad time. Not as somebody credible co-we're going to come on CBS and do the news. It is how many ads can they sell? How much revenue can they squeeze out of the attorney? NBC arguably has more stake than CBS in the situation. NBC can't afford to rob viewers by making the wrong choices of success and making the right choices of success. And then the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next week, the next. the next things will be much higher than before. But because, I've got a man watching it from Fraith Alpan. Well we know, Maxwell said that he is Saturday and commission 451. He makes things lower and lower than his Do you want me to warn Kentons? The answer is. Absolutely.coffrey sulates go over there. Do you want any guy that is nuts or nuts? such a cuckoo what's upon time when they've got a way in the chimper on their churse will be with a god on now that a kid and frank uh... what was in jackless school in frank what's his name with the news but that wasn't a frank blare what if he was kintoni blare he's dead they're all dead jackless school he's dead they've got a way that a bunch of the chimp is dead too i'd like that all the cast of the old today show they're all dead i got a great story by the way is my advice that says rock and a die a university of Texas professor says where what i'm just gonna tease says earthed me better off with ninety percent of human population dead and the good news is i'm gonna pick the ten percent of the state of the as good news for me actually use for you guys yeah uh... just gonna keep an up and under appropriate little eleven fifteen at five sixty w qm and the city of sound like an anti-woman's a.a. was here's the silly question we try to teach in passage on the baker's well hopefully you certainly have john the baker is the best to say in restaurant society university drive and i would two great locations brand new in the stewardling town center on stewardling road just less to find island kuper city and the classic john the baker and tempered puns just less to hold me on the home depot center on pines blare in fact it's so classic when you go in there and for coker coloclassic and the food is absolutely great huge forces of all your favorite home style of tending lights plus with john the baker's low low prices you can take the family for lunch at innermost day well within your budget you can go every day and go eight days a week and be sure to tell me the arrived at sent you please because does have an mental horny about this please say kneel send me say does sent me and okay the public kick your ass out mention your writers get a free half dozen john the baker's world famous girl curls at our so fantastic so huge so gigantic and just dripping with garlic you probably like to have girlic all of your pants take out our guy in tonight for take out in pemerpines called nine five four four three one forty three fifteen or in kuper city nine five four two five two oh oh nine one sensational pizza pasta meal chicken parmesan sausage and pepper that's a famous sloppy sausage seven lots more john the baker absolutely the best this is meal Rogers this is five sixteen meal this is then ready for macubious eating news anchor man and now a punchline my former networks inability to find a suitable replacement for me demonstrates my true genius and complete and total domination as an army air talking head but let her speak about some of the names who have been mentioned replacing first bob sheeper nice enough man but please he's got less hair than Madonna's armpits and everyone knows you can't conduct a train if you use roguine another name that has been banning about his john robber's who currently anchors the sunday cbs evening news there's a reason he's been on sunday's for so long plus he's Canadian and everyone knows when the camera light goes red can't be a host head then there's got plenty from sixty minutes he was the guy who helped me make up the story about president bush i think plus he's skinny or than Kelly riffler and everyone knows you have to have a meaty can if you want to be the man and let's go from the ridiculous to the sublime the front runner to succeed me seems to be current today show co-worker Katy Kirk when i first heard her name and the same sentence as mine i threw up in my mouth a little bit this person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight of each of jalo's butchiques or heads to small arise a two close together and she reeks of jene a tape when charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon it's important to remember you can't you can only hope to find someone who was involved Canadian skinny or so completely self-centered she thinks her name should be part of the pledge of allegiance for now this is Dan rather signing off and reminding you to blow a gong this to bang and Katy Kirk has about as much to offer the world as a fraud with pins and its extremities laying on a high school lab table this is Dan rather well said Danny boy 22 past eleven five sixy Katy Kirk my ass i hope they do put a line there hope she gets like a minus in front of whatever number she gets for nifty great that would be i mean you have to be a rocket scientist to see it's like our situation here you have to be a genius to figure out that if you don't put somebody on between two to four the people want to listen to and put them on like every stick in day that we're gonna have like minus numbers in there to be a genius to figure that out no you don't Joe you know you know who this is gonna be w qa and hello yes sir hey uh try one two you're full yes go right ahead um go ask Alice you ever hear them that book never hear them i heard Alice rentale no it's about the uh teenage girl she's like in the city underworld the drug world of 70s life scale is that sounds like a uh record that we want so somebody loved by the uh whatcha calls yeah you got it and um also we need to get rid of bush and is being a contra okay he talks a lot pali behocon it would yeah uh tons of a hang to do some uh NFL uh rapid it so many couple weeks away the NFL grant that's gonna save us and put us over the holidays and that's not for sure it is the behocons are like that how many qa and hello hey can you hear him yes sir hey heard you talking about uh the movie and stuff that's probably right great movie yes it is there's so many people i know that have never seen that and this that should be like a must be for everybody that that's seen where he's screaming about your auto order the whole fn systems out of order that is so great has made me one for chinos best of the nothing in roles a little tip it about that scene actually that was uh he did that all on one take really at first take you actually google the movie i think it actually even says that that's like one of the notable about the film my favorite thing is when it looks right there at the judge John Forsyth and says i don't care who you are do fairies that's one of the best righto thanks palie all right and justice for all the came in last i mean the people had believed in the jury system and the whole system we got now it sucks it's said it's corrupted doesn't work all know you're wrong meal yeah like the oj trail that worked really well that's just one example yes and the guys given a plaque power salute to jury at the end of the trial that really yeah yeah not that we'd play the racecard you want to stand but a crocker craft man hey oj we sure we're saying like you know he's always having these things in the car you know he's having these little fender benders and you know always after grabbing around what it was windows down the shades on you know he just got that luck yeah just got bad luck he was born under a dark cloud the ants me and sure like those hot blonde white chicks allowed to get that who doesn't yes he doesn't i would and that's the irony of this whole thing about the racecard he's had a blacker than i am for croix six this goes time magazine made him so black speaking of racism and bigots and idiots wait to wait to hear the seal that jackass michael savage who by the way wasn't related to bob savage my late dear friend for macoder and it's cherry cax circling the field on the outside and they along the rail how do you circle the field along the rail but anyway he was fun guy but now related to michael savage who's a real major a uh space hole spazzle during the march twenty seven edition of his nationally syndicated radio program michael savage you know and there was another one in the city tried for his under for about five minutes until he said the first racially grow testing whatever the canvas asked some Nazi crap during his march twenty seven edition of his nationally syndicated radio show michael savage repeatedly called an as to burn the Mexican flag in opposition to illegal immigrants savage claimed that the only way to combat the onslaught of illegal immigrants is through protest and in an asciss audience to burn a Mexican flag for america burn a Mexican flag for those who die they used to have a nationality and a sovereignty go out on the street and show you our man burn ten Mexican flags if i could recommend this put one in the window upside down tell them to go back where they came from home just to make you happy by the way tomorrow's poll about immigration i put only let in cubans and only deport cubans haha but most people have to have an outlet somewhere you know the hate crowd just like the anti-stan many semantics put one in the window upside down tell them to go back where they came from savage and then if i were more than one man and i'm not a money or radio host and i use that term loosely i would organize a march this week where we would burn Mexican flags in the street then i'd like to see our hardworking brethren would react our friends from the south let's see how they would react what a race baiting no good mother scratching figured into the core piece of turd savage also referred to the immigration promise invasion by any other name in which we the people are being displaced by the people of Mexico savage is a march in response to the recent massive rallies held in california during which seven state is marches opposition to proposal legislation that would impose new immigration restrictions as media matters for america is documented that's his website savage recently referred to the Iraq war as the white man's burden and referred to the award-winning movie broke back mountain as bearback mounting oh that's original ooh copycat from the march twenty seventh broadcast of radio uh... savage nation unless we say no to a legal aliens wave in the Mexican flag in the street by burning the Mexican flag in the street across america and that's right burn Mexican flag in your street corner show what you care about show you won't take it anymore show you a sick of everybody pushing us around like a pitiful helpless giant of a nation that's out of control because they have nothing but corruption and rot at highest level do that burn Mexican flag for america burn Mexican flag for those who die that you should have an action out the in a sovereignty go out on the street and show you a man burn text and we have an end goes on ask yourself why the races are rezenifobes of araza will not speak English in this country you'll find out what racism in xenophobia is about my friend this is michael savage by the way say all this crap he says if you study the history of human evolution and realizes it's quite a jump you'll see that throughout history there were various species that arrived on the planet earth predator homo sapiens current man modern man and his one group came along with this place the previous group we'd the people are being displaced by the people of Mexico this is an invasion by any other name everybody with a brain understands that everybody who understands reality understands everything pushed out of our own country like a pushy mob of the edge of a cliff wait a minute now is he saying that he is an evolutionist who believes in evolution 29% of all inmates in federal prisons are illegal aliens he says no Mr. Bush they don't all come here to work they come here to work the system sell drugs rape and kill on contact don't lie to us yada yada yada yada how about if we burn michael savage out on the street I'll do an after that meal Rogers this is the Mexican's was pretty good to me I'm a man out by no expectations I'm home to you what a being all that you can be no good then you have a metal to become a soldier in the new in rocky army ladies today we will learn the military hard so feel it mobilization and individual tactical deviation also known as my kids your pants and running away join now and begin nine weeks of basic training in sand ok where you'll learn the skills you'll need to be a Miyarakkees soldier all right soldier sound off actually in the new Iraqi army we surrender more before nine a.m. and most countries do all there is the time you became one of the few the proud the ill equipped this is my white flag there are many like it but this one is mine my white flag is my best friend without me my white flag is useless without my white flag I am useless the new Iraqi army we're looking for a few goat men but we'll take whatever happens to come along in sand now by the way you we burn our white flag 26 still new in a queue and we have bow uh bow kebou kebou kebou camp we're coming along with two and George wants to know where you can you get that not the book but where whatever grace was smoking that's right white rabbits and he's grace slick he's alive by the way yes yes what was the name of the after the jiffin airplane with the jiffin starship and I was the I think another one starship just just plain starship right and then there's a death somebody facts this in and it was so good that I looked it up and I put it on our website for tomorrow while those 400 stories the Josh is going to be put on that you won't read that you people won't read even always work in feverishly all those hours that he's busy putting these stories on here you could begin some ass but instead you know over a hot laptop right that's right he could be working over hot life but instead he's working over hot laptop because of this or doing some hot laps yeah look at that look what's number one so far battle bruises poor and losing the mainstream 171 more than double almost double the next story because of where poor isn't and I'm telling you that's right but the effort in the air well that's what this story is about the essay story that's sad yeah it's pathetic magic the big trouble of the sense of this is on the guardian website by Jeff Jarvis the US federal communications commission just declared that Schmidt and all his very inste including bullshit are not merely in decent which is where the lawsuit after the Supreme Court walked at seven dirty words out of comic George Carlin's mouth in 1978 but are now profane if broadcast that this is a profound distinction legally a profane word is certain of those personally revealing efforts in actually attending provoked violent resentment or denoting language so grossly offensive to members of the public who actually here at asked romanto a nuisance nuisance in this case is not a dog barking but the word the community cannot tolerate the FCC reserved that distinction for the most offensive words in English language the devil's dictionary has but two entries f condemned 2004 after Bono's your full audience of the adjective will form at the golden globes and now Schmidt notice what is not included no racial or religious effort that no hate speech thus the s word and the f word are worse than the inward in the care word even the FCC recognizes the uncomfortable and unpeasy irony that these evidence may constitute constitutionally protected political speech where boulschmid does not but boulschmid is political speech it's our single most precious means of expressing this pleasively political and powerful without the word we're left with far less satisfactory means of protest don't feed me the mothers were mind about swear words indicating a limited vocabulary boulschmid is the most expressive word we have to convey disapproval and his delightful treatis all on boulschmid heri g frank for comparison's equivalent it is more polite as well as less intents to say humbug than the same boulschmid so now imagine a protest or a televised rally railing this war is humbug doesn't cut it if instead she said boulschis were his boulschmid and if that were broadcast every station carrying it and the speaker herself could be find per utterance first station if theory this she sent it herself that's evidence of the chill the FCC's impode under political speech not even to mention Joyce and if because of that chill a station decided to time delay the news a journalistically repugnant for pragmatic necessity after Janet Jackson infamous in discretion it could dump her words for she's war is bleep but unquestionably that he tracks in the power of her statement and that's not only because the FCC's friend and spines presentably for use of the word when he ran for president 1992 senator Tom Harkin of Iowa's quota on TV news is saying George Bush and his fat cat Republican friends said they're building a conservative opportunity society I've got one word for boulschmid that is certainly political speech but today will be he would be censored or fine thus the FCC chills senses and penalizes political speech that I believe is a clear violation of our first amendment which decrees Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech or the press or the right of the people peacefully to assemble and to position the government for redress agreements is perhaps we have the basis for overturning the commission's dubious authority the censor got you FCC consider the experience of national public radio on the media show last week when it tried to report on the FCC and its volishment I listen to the show's podcast which doesn't sell the argument in the airways merely my ipon and so I heard co-host Bob Garfield said FCC commissioner Jonathan Ablestein I want to talk to you about the word broulschmid now this is commonly used to convey skepticism but the commission founded to be explicitly expriterate and therefore in decent whereas dehead is an insult is okay the right come from a boulschmid is pretty much kids stuff and dehead is pretty darn insulting so in other words we could actually say that one but not of the court of the FCC we could say the dehead word but Joyce would really be voiced would get hit on dehead yeah I see haha alright the commission asked whether they would edit out that out Garfield replied it depends are you and duty but as if they did listen to the broadcast her bold bleep and Garfield told me this was done on a fear of fines for the show's outlets states an executive dean to pedal I'm sure is not related to Dan Kempelow and I think there's an absolute chill in the air so here we have a case to demonstrate that chill got you again FCC Kempelow said the chill is felt most keenly in cultural programming and documentaries where expression is at the core indeed the FCC just penalized martenskorses he public TV documentary the blues godfather's and sons for its 70s language if the commission earlier managed exception for Steven Spielberg film saving private ryan and shinvers list so when black musicians say bad words it's a crime but when white people in war say them it's art and this the FCC not only enforce a cultural apartheid but also proxence self up as both America's nanny and it's official cultural critic they decide what has social artistic value what does not this love couldn't get any slip here got you again FCC pulling back from the politically absurdly culturally sublime it's also ridiculous for the FCC the claim it's protecting community standards when it's also all america cannot tolerate boulschment show me the man woman or yes child in a school yard who hasn't said boulschment search school and you'll find 30 million boulschments boulschment is part of our language culture and politics so the FCC is not enforcing our community standards it's enforcing the fetish of religious pressure groups got you one more time and a recent business conference i heard c. e.o.s. tc chairman kibbin martin to pay attention to the urgent business of preparing our telecommunications infrastructure for disaster or attack and to get America to broadband parity with korean even France instead i told him he was wasting his time finding farts and boulschment even commissioner a little seen it knows that the FCC over steps in these cases and the court knocks us down it would actually take a constitutional amendment of men in the first amendment to get the FCC authority back he said that sounds like an opportunity news make reason why to call boulschment and the journalists who ought to call boulschment in the broadcast to a significant stopping the matter for his boulschment should take on the FCC in the archaic and unconstitutional law that makes them think they should save us from a simple word indeed at this time to stand up in defense of boulschment all right how our bill would be proud this is a kneel Roger's that's a five sixty two eight six would the panthers are that it then the elbows obeyinkenf skincare You know that these didn't place for Mr. Abramoth. Yeah, that's right. Oh, how did it happen? The former starter of stage screen radio within it. Yeah, what do you know? What do you say? Keep a chief access through soon. It's a outstanding time. I ain't getting any older over here. Look at my group for you. I see it at Mr. Abramoth as a Indonesian milk. I'm taking his place. And I'll have you know that I'm here to collect the drink. The thing that's right for famous rich. What's the favor, but it's getting too quick, eh? Can I gel out that though, Sub? But it's all in this briefcase, right here. Me too. What's everything that is? We are too couple. Me too. And we get a kick out of you. Me too. No way to be a way to be a way of my ways. I'm a little bit hasty, it's up over here. Just wait man. Who's dumb, both? What do you remember, didn't you? Do we sniff or had we never had food? Ah, damn I did get them out. I'll see you. It's 145 at 5.CCWCM. We got Kimbo Campory 2 mad dog from Conan's Club Hospital at 4. And then you heard it. Marlon's opening night, the regular season game. Matt Houston, the on the QAmen, and the Panther game in Tampa is on 1360. Because we just don't care. And you like that. We don't care. 5.6.7.0.5.6. Let's take a 4.3 of call here. What do you say? Let's go there. Call and tense the segment going. Do it again. Yeah. Well, 5.6.0.5.6. You wait till at the late case in Mr. Wait. And pound 5.6.0. And he Verizon, S.G.T.R.R.S. And so will I. W.T.Q.A.M. Hello. 2.A.M. You got the Georgia like that? OK. I bet you were a nice party by that. I would tell you to go girl with razor blades. But sound like you beat me to it. Look at those phones just some moken baby. I told you we got pace off coming. Air v. Single year man. It's year. How many years have I told you that? About 30 minutes. Is like a death now. Where were they going? And I like buying my sir or something. What is that all about? Maybe that's the only hit like five views. Doesn't it anyway? I think it's that same thing. I'm changing. They don't know the shows on yet. Get out of here. I like the time scenes. I like it. Like time. We should have it all year long. OK. All year long. It's the changing. It's exactly make up your minds. Are we doing it? Make up your minds. Is it daylight time? Who did it? You can hear the daylight term. It's daylight time. Just leave it. Right. Who the farmers? Okay. How about farmers? Fanny farmer. We left off Dennis Roddenoff. The athletes that we inspired like poison. Yeah. People can present me about that. How could you leave off that? I saw some clip with him over the weekend. I thought to myself, how could we leave off that freak that could decide out of mind? Crap. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Channel 7 News in the morning with a looper term. Not coffee is the way to start today. Okay. WQAM. Hello. Hey, hello. I'm going to call out to the MCM today. Not the choppy. No. That was great. That was great. That was great. I love that. That would have been the best call all the time. But it's the way of boy. Ha ha ha ha ha. Exactly. That was a good. That was sensational. That was a good time. That was a good time. It was a good time. That was a good time. How about you? How about you, QAM? Hello. Hello. Good afternoon. Speaking. Neil. Yes. I want to ask you a question. I'm sure everybody did. Just to prove makes up your comedy skits. What would mean to myself, Archon? What does that mean? I'm sorry. What does that mean? Rumpel Stiltskin. Neil Rumpel Stiltskin. Would a banjo on his knee? Get out of here. 577-0560. It was a pick-up where we left off on Friday. Would everybody with a question? This isn't 20 questions. Okay. When for you to have something to say. We're waiting. 100 years of it waiting. Waiting for that day. Maybe Monday, April 3rd, 2006 is the day. You think? No. Doubted. Very seriously. Doubted. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. WQAM Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I thought great movie to speak. I don't know if it's right for your polo enough. It's worth checking out. Hold on. What's wrong with that? What's that? The tool is what book should be compulsory viewing. Oh, it's a book. The movie proves nice week. Sorry about that. This is a book. It's called What The Bleak To We Know. You got check it out. Okay. All right. Thanks. What the f*** do we know? Somebody was saying that. Nobody was saying that. No. I sure told I should. And what about that American? What's that new American? No one in American pie? No, not a man. The one that's out right now. That you told me was mediocre at best. American history X. No. Isn't that it? He went down to Vendetta? No, not people in American history X. That's out right now. Somebody told us it was a mediocre at best. Maybe it was a fact. Maybe it was a call. History X is old. And you saw it and liked it. That wasn't in one. There's some American that's something out right now. And that's not it. American Ninja. American Ninja. Yeah. Turtle. WDQAM. Hello. No turtles on the candy pool. Yes sir. Come on in a joke. WDQAM. Come down, Joe. We saw the numbers too. QAM. Five. The officer. How you doing? Good. Hey. Listen. I probably have week, but you didn't hear something. I like Carter Rejac because there's not that many ages over there. I can't read. Okay. WDQAM. Hello. Hey. This is the mirror. Yes. No. No. Wrong number. WDQAM. Yes. On VH on a mobile. On VH on a mobile. Sounds like Reverend Jones to me. Five six seven. Even the sound sounds too much like him. On VH on a mobile. It was. Of course it was. Tom and Taylor has he fact in the says. For anyone like Fox at O'Reilly who wind him up the US press and have it on properly low key to the bushmaster, they should listen to BBC. The interviewer for the word before on Saturday interrupted con de Liza and Jacks draw every time, often in mid sentence, and repeated the question until he had to run answer or left there be. S.S.B. for itself their volgement. Three of the press lives, but that's only on the BBC. For the poll, the powers that be by David Halberstein. Not your Dave Halberstein, but there are the author. Okay. The powers that be. And also, I was just listening to your Robert Kennedy in his time. That won't get any votes being moved on there. Okay. Tom and Taylor pass you. Thanks Tom. And. Look at where it's from. Tom evidently works in a bookstore. You see that on the top on the header. Can we say header out of here? No. No. Can't say the head for it. Scott rocking energy prices for the outside mobile corpse of the top of the 2006 Fortune 500 list and Concid wallmarked stores in. To the number two spot of the magazine's annual ranking of the nation's largest publicly traded companies. Fortune compiled its list based on company 2005 revenues. And this course coming at a time and they turned you got to be paying $3.20 for regular this summer. And for I'm let it probably $100 a gallon. Next on mobile right in 340 billion in revenue. At 36.1 billion in profits, the most by any US company in history. Oh yeah. That's your justifies those guys prices. Thank you again Mr. President. So much. Like a fine that kid that called and back back in the day when we march with 2003 and just kill him right on the year. Just just surgically remove every piece of his every organ from his body run on the year. I don't want to tell you starting where I have to see him first. Exxon mobile last appeared at number one in 2001. Only Walmart exxon mobile and general motorscorp have topped the list and it's starting 1954. How do you like that? GM is struggling. They're struggling. It's really how long number that we were afforded to fifth. Walmart had this on the kick vomit. Did you have your lunch yet? Yeah unfortunately. Would you have how is how is that? Trickett's was. Trickett's was one. Sandwich. Oh. Sandwich. It sounds like bread. Sounds like a big carber high grade laden rule to me. Wait for dream fields to come out with you know. Bread bread. They will. Walmart had 350 plus billion in revenue and I had for sending Chris from last year because of its pervasive US presence. The world's largest retailer of struggle sustained profit growth in the high teens as it had in previous years. All poor baby. They get over to Walmart and give a bunch of your money. Just take a bag of money over there and put it on the doorstep. Just open the door and throw it inside. Say here you go. Other all producers also rose in the rankings. Boasted by crude prices. They were crude all right. That top 70 bucks of barrel. I'll have schmothands over there. Good friends. The Saudis and all that a wreck were getting from that long queue. Are we in a wreck not. Prices that surpassed three bucks a gallon after Hurricane's better to Gulf Coast. Most Chevrolet on technical corp and conical fill-up saw the revenue is jumping increasing by 20 and 37 percent. Respectively. Chevrolet and climb two spots on the hit parade. Number four. All kind of college stuff. Six from number seven. Nice to the oil companies. Record profits while you're getting raked into the pump. You're pumping it and getting raked at the same time. How do you like that? Very jackass. I mentioned this with Hank. But it's just so it's so typical of South Florida. It's so typical of a hero. This is the kind of swell as opposed to having an opinion as opposed to saying rich wall really sucks. Or Dave Van Boring is a you can imagine with the old team at one two world series is how boring he was. Then you could imagine with a bunch of little children playing ball. How boring he's going to be now. That's a kind of thing somebody should have the ball's to write. But they don't cause it South Florida. These are the people that put the duh in South Florida. Pathetic. Dave Van Boring. The mountains just one the world series. And by the way, anybody got any coffee? How about some notos? He is swivel. And of course now Josh get admitted because he won't work on those games anymore. Could you admit it? What are you talking about? Talking about Dave Van Boring and how boring he is. I'm not listening. Okay. You know what you want to keep the door open. You might just want to go back. Did that what you're saying? He's just fine. Okay. He's not just fine. You did like him. There you go. You admitted that he was born at World Series. The Marlins of World Series. You admitted. You said you were embarrassed by it and humiliated and degraded have ever been in the same room with him. 550 votes on the police. See that? Why did I even do this? This is Shaw. I think Shaw is trying to say that. I'll sandbag a show now. You should know better. What? The people don't read anymore. Let's let them know that. That's why I put those alternatives on there. I hate this pool. Don't read books. Number two and three. Respectively. Respectively. 1984 what books should be compulsory reading. 169. I hate this pool 85 and I don't read books 70 and then the Bible 43. But farewell to God. Thanks God is ready to need the Bible with 40. Charles Templeton. Get a copy and read it out loud. Do a build tech and read it out loud. Follow the two colors. That's screaming out loud. Sure. All the gods. Hey God. Bye bye. Oh God. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I have only one thing to say about that. Wow. It's not. Yeah, man. Thanks a lot Marvin Rawman. Hope you and the Indians have a good time at Default's house. We're debuts to be. Very jackass writes, challenge for the voices of Marlin and by the way, Default, we don't watch our mistakes. We've got an opening to the floor. We don't watch our, a Joe Joe about home in it. Cornball. We don't want your Cornball crap on here. Default. Stay right over there across the street or you'll be safe. And by the way Joe Rose don't like getting worried. Not that he ever did. He blames now. Let's see. No Joe was the one who was the guilty. And that was his big ally. Right. It was always Joe and Kelly against depot back in the days of the worst team. Remember that? Right. But to show it, that Joe's not a total idiot when he got his own show on there for me to ten, what you did very well. That was sand, tanned the guilty, the sand's the squeaker. He didn't want any party in my there. Good thinking, Joe. And by the way, nice going with that one six. And this season that could test the patience of everyone involved in Marlin's of teams who faced a mighty difficult channel, challenge rights little Barry. Hey Barry. Huh? What an idiot. Not to my knowledge. Oh. How exactly do you keep the fans entertained when Marlin's are being dropped? Keep watching when Marlin's are 20 games below 500. See everybody is assuming they're going to suck and probably rightfully so. Because they clean house again. And another fire sale. How many seasons tickets do you think they got? About 30 man. And here's very great line. Nobody watches sports here, the announcer, but I'm more likely to stick with a life side of the game a bit longer. If there's a compelling animated dialogue, a compelling animated dialogue. What does that start? Keeping a broadcast high quality. Even if the team isn't going to be the mission for the Marlin's voices and what could be a long long season. So we want to hear that compelling animated dialogue. And then he says on QM broadcast, Dave Ann Horton, Rossi Bernstein would be wise to discuss meaty baseball issues. For live in the broadcasts, there was one nice and alive in the Marlins are losing meaty baseball issues. And then he goes on a bit of a ritual to actually talk to him. He talks about how he and Tommy Horton are going to have a great report and a great sense of humor. And it says, expect lots of storytelling, which is one of Walt's strengths. Oh my god. Remember what Jack Waltz woke up at at horses end his bed? That's what's in the oven of this guy. Which Waltz? He is prophetic. Even Josh and it's dead. He is the worst. He makes Dave Ann boring sound like male Allen. That's how bad Rich Welles is. He does the worst I have ever heard in my life. He makes only Johnson seem like a desirable. That's how bad he is. He makes Joseph Gackie seem like very curie. That's how bad you are. Rich you're pathetic. So this business about storytelling. We like to hear the story. How you got the job? This is a new Roger. Expect a mix. This is 516. This is a home-lans security top range. Inviting you to book tape on your radio when I raise the morning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. 516. W.U.A.A. Rezans, who did most with Mo? How do I have it? What happened to him? Who was it of me? I got unfinished business with that thing. I didn't know about it. I stand before you now. Which like previous David Pimboly and hand did it. There ain't no national guard in Iraq. See? National guard? I mean, I have no idea. I'm going to be in here. I can't go away. But I mean, I want to do my thing here. I'm going to be in there. I'm going to do it in there. I'm going to do it in there. I'm going to do it in there. I'm going to do it in there. No, it was. No idea. And another thing. Who's done for? For the war in Iraq. Chintupeca's there for us. But your current is in a pit helmet. Ah. Well, that's pit. Joyce has in the pit. Nobody knows what I said anyway. But don't stop me now. I'm not fired, Dad. Like scissy cats. Why I'm the scissiest. Yeah. Now I want to place it alone. This new life of leisure. In bed. Why I love you. No, I'm not a hot rob of skeletal women. By the pool. They like my nice back. I got a play in strip my eyes on. But I want to tell you. This bro's so kind. I'm so kind of like churrofen's right. I saw you. It's so kind of bad. But you wish I had me back. Well, not had you out of life. No, churrofen's. I'm a scissiest. Well, maybe. So what do you think? Will I bring more back? Or will we have to take a quick pull on that? All right. You don't think? For what? Daypart. Too to full. Ah, that doesn't look good. Or maybe a little more. Huh? I like the olden days, the molden days. Oh, the morning you mean five to seven in the day and before we are woke up. Yeah, I guess I'll do stuff right before you go on the air. Here's the facts from somebody who's being very defensive. You should never be very defensive. Okay. It's just a radio show. Just calm down. It says I'm not iodine man. I'm one of your greatest fans. I even like George's. I generally have nothing nice to say about who you are. Kind of the name of the G. So that's it. You know, it says name sounds really what I mean. It is, but not one of your people. Maybe it could be though. Who be? I guess I've missed this stuff on iodine man. So I've no idea what it refers to. But yes, it's an old in person. Good guess. I'm sure I've fact you twice today. I thought it was a great book. Maybe he didn't get the facts, but I've nothing to hide. And he's got his name and shoe size and his full number and facts number. And his address and his email and his email and his email and his oh. Thanks a lot, Herman. I mean German. Whatever your name is. Herman cruise. Yeah, definitely. But that's alright. I can too. He likes you even though he. I don't like who he is either, but I like him. I don't really know that many who he is. But I'd like to. Let us smile that you're a pro. Oh no. Oh no. This is the funniest thing I've ever seen. This is a job of the facts, especially no. It's funny. No, no, no. I know that book actually exists because he used to say that on the year. The Joey Reynolds story. Let us smile to you on Broadway. Don't get him out for the rain. Oh, still what is saying. Oh, unbelievable crappy line. I am that hemorrhag we know. By Joey Reynolds. Oh, 2495, a must read. Not. It says. Whoever facts this in, a must read. Not. Testomy review is 4.5. How to five. Look at that. Stars. That would have been by the board. That's Joey and Bill Marshall ready. Those reviews. A body year ago, I had the distinct pleasure of appearing on Joey. Show all I see. In other words, these are inside jobs. These are these review. Maybe the guy with the eyes wrote one. Joey Reynolds is a comic genius. It says. I have my nose up. Meals. That's it. His insights into the music business alive itself are profound. He delivers these with a deafness and gentleness of a man who's gained wisdom for all his experience. This is a man who's seen it all in the broadcasting business. The ego, the rival, is the greed. The disintegration of formats, the pitiness and sheer fear of driving programming today. Well, he's so far. I have to be a brown, I'm lying with him. Now comes the BS. Joey is that a rare type of entertainer. Oh, thank goodness. Who's remained true to himself. I others have chased fads. I understand he pioneered the kind of shock-shock a person is rampant now. Oh, yeah. When I heard him on the ear was always shocking to me that he still had a job. Shocked the hell out of me. Yeah. And the fact they heard him back at IOD, they can't get more shockingly than that. Never forget today, Boy, here he came to me. How much do you hate Joey Reynolds? W-I-O-D. Oh, I hate that station. I don't hate him at all. That was the wrong thing to say. And he brought it back. That's right. Not that there was ever any gratitude for that. See, that's the one thing. If you go to bed for people who suck on the ear and then they get hired. And then, you know, even if they get hired, you get a, and then when they get canned, do their own fingers, it's always your fault. You know, it's just like somebody I don't want to mention her name. Well, if you would have just gone to bed for me, I, oh, no. In other words, if one time I disagreed with something that I was a bad guy, no matter how much I was behind certain people getting put on the ear and how much I might have done or how much of their material they stole. You want to say, I want to say no names though. This is great. A university of Texas professors is the earth and we better off with 90% of the human population dead. Every one of you gets to survive has to very nine. Eric P. Anker, a question student said, is guess to say, Edward's university on Friday. P. Anker's words are part of what he calls doom is day talk, a 45 minute presentation outlining humanities ecological misdeeds, and P. Anker's predictions about how nature are perhaps humans themselves will exterminate all but a fraction of civilization. Well, that is true, except that Anker and Anker can quite as quick as he's thinking. Though a statement is a admittedly bold, he's not without his and abundant advocates. But what may see this revered biologist in part, misdeem a part from other doom day suit seers is that humanities collapses a notion he embraces. Indeed, his words deal very literally on a life in death scale, and he smiles and jokes candidly throughout the lecture. The submitting a message many would call morbid. P. Anker's warnings are centered upon awareness rather than fear. This is really an exciting time he said Friday with warnings of apocalypse, destruction, and disease. Only men's earlier he declared death. This is what awaits us all. Death. Sounds like an upload to the uplifting lecture. We're reflecting on the so-called ancient Chinese curse. May you live interesting times he wore surprisingly a smile. So what's the hard of Panker's claim? Six and a billion humans is too many. Well, of course it is, but the Pope likes it. And the Chinese like it and the engines. In his estimation, we've grown fat, apathetic, and miserable all while leaving the planet parsed, the solution A90% reduction. I was at trial outcomes, boy. The something, well, well, percent solution, the needal was it quickly? What was it? I forgot. Let me tell you. That's five point a billion lives he says are trained to plant in defat human biomass. He points to an 85% swell in the population in the last 25 years. And his system, lesions on the brick of its downfall, like it at the end of widespread disease. Disease will control the scourge of humanity, Panker said. We're looking forward to a huge collapse. We're looking forward to it. This is, but don't tell local citizen scientists that the first mimms to quietly sell up a swallow panker's called awareness. Mimms says it's an average death wish and content he has no choice but to take a stand. Mimms attend the educators' doomed representation at the Texas Academy Sciences annual meeting marks 2-2-4th. There are the organization on the Panker's. It's 2006 distinguished Texas scientists and other issue mimms vocally opposes. This guy is a loose cannon to believe that worldwide genocide is the only answer he said mimms who file two formal petitions with the Academy following the meeting. Joining his crusade James Pitts, who received the PhD in physics from UN University of Texas Austin, became the second development of the Chastise P. Anca when he filed a complaint Saturday with the UT Board of Regents in Sistice University is no place to disseminate such grotesque viewers, well too bad. Yeah, 90% non-valued, 10% it's still like 650 million people. That's still enough people for a pretty good party when you think. 50560, the call today has been since the leading response on our poll today week. It will be back tomorrow when we do that full on immigration. Because if everybody wants to jump on the old bandwagon. Oh, let's burn a Mexican flag for a Michael Savage. What do you say? Let's ask you to say, let's just burn Michael Savage. We could wrap a flag around him a Mexican flag. We could paint him the Mexican flag colors. That's right. That's a good idea. Tortilla. Ferti mana. 553 voices all we got. It's like afternoon. See what I'm saying? I told you earlier. I never put this pool on there. It's like a death wish. You know what, you know, when you're taking bookpoles and talking about books. It sounds awfully close to Oprah. No, we're not recommending any. Well, the audiences. It's actually what I voted for 1984 only because it was on there. Yeah, with pace off coming up, we as well just take a vacation. And next week we're going to do a great step toward that. Because we got Marlon's games on Wednesday and Thursday. Early games next week. 105, which I think means we bail at 1230. Am I right about that? Okay. And then the 19th, the following Wednesday, we got a game against the res, which is probably Cincinnati, it would take us at 1230. Means we're going to be off at noon at Wednesday. We feel really bad about that. Like we're cheating the audience. No way. We feel real bad. We apologize. Not. Come to QAM Hello. What does it mean? We're going to be on 30. QAM. What about the media talking about this pitch that was caused by the talk about the soldiers? Come to QAM. Hello. Hello. Yes. That WMBM is going. Oh, go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. Go away. That's a problem. He called on the anniversary show. He was like to him. You could give him a little bit of encouragement. There he is. All right. We're fine, Mike. Yeah. How about MBM? Nobody cares about WMBM. Nobody listens to WMBM. Go away. Now. And don't come back. And don't come any more of those damn, uh, picture and suitor. The dating show, picture, don't come back. WQAM Hello. QAM. Hey, Nio. I just want to tell you maybe the book poll would work better. We phrased it. What book do you remember liking in high school? They know some of those are required reading for high school, which is fine. They've got all people remember these days. Like Lady Charley's lover? I don't know. I don't know. And Peyton plays right? Right, right. 84, I guess it was. And Catherine Orion, all those standards. At least those would be great. Oh, God. Yeah. Catherine, I think, was the Johnny Benstory. Right. Make sure they open that property part, and we might actually learn something. Okay. Thank you. Alright. See if the library. 50, 70, 50, 60. We got Kim Bocaper, too. Don't forget, George, you same as that white flag like an Ed bit. I liked it. That was good. You're a rocky army. Because we wanted to extend that side of the window and wave it around on the flag, too. 12 minutes passed, no. They just showed Jack Straugh on CNN International now. We said, put not a couple hours of it either. Save some money on this crap that they got on us. They're all that they're leaders. They're working together to end a war that is on Charles Taylor. And he's, he might have to be executed for a bad drive in North Iolans in the fourth race last week. You know, being outdoors along, softfooty, really need comfortable shoes, man. Take good care of those tookces. The only place to take them is to brandy shoes and combat abeats. Because brandys got the unbeatable deal all the way around. Best prices, best selection best sales holes. Brandys carries major brands like floor shine, echo, muffisto, rock port, hush puppies, new balance, tons of other name brands and all sizes for men and women. They've been carried wide with and hard to find sizes. Brandys uses the largest independent true retailer in all South Florida. And when you see the selection and value get a brandys, you'll see what I've been waiting about them for years. Go talk to our good buddy Arnie at Brandys. I'm sure you get to write it in shoes for your feet at an unbeatable price every time. And unlike those department stores where you stand around seeing that for hours, waiting to get weighted on. And then finally, they'll tell you whatever style you picked up. They don't have in your size. The only thing they do do with brandys is shoes. So never fear because they'll always have what you're looking for. Never worry about size selection service or of course price. Brandys shoes will find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Palpatre Beach. Brandys is right between Atlantic and Coppans on the East Side. Can't miss it. Brandys open Monday through Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5. And this week is as to pennies time to buy essay issues this week at Brandys. So you've 20 to 40 bucks a pair and all great men's of women's essay estiles. So be sure to get in there and do your shopping this week or do your shoes shopping online at Brandysshoose.com. This is New Rogers. This is 5.62. You. What a couple of hundred. This. You got to see. Biggest person now. I'm going to watch. I'm going to watch. I'm going to take the tickets. I'll support you the five. Let's see. You ready? Yeah. I'm just using this because they're like becoming unused. You can't even use it. Okay. Just kill that hell. Okay. Nine and a clock on Sunday night. I'm going to watch. It's beautiful. I'm so tired of desperate housewives. We're just free in Carmel and Goal. I have had to wait for you. This is the junior H.A.M. I'm sick of getting screwed when I turn on the tool. And if I let them dead with showroom, Come back and buy. Come back and buy. I went into love for the subtle man. If I were gone on with this thing, I wanted to party and show the old. In the back room of the body. It's been so long since the last episode. There's so many things I forgot. It's Christopher Ontsman. Cause they'd be on a Godwagon. And the Tony still sails us who got us. Oh. So I took up the latest TV guide. And that's when I stopped getting fine. But God, it's because bringing starts to day goals. Even every Sunday at night. The boat breaks in time. Oh, no. Oh, no. What are you going to do? Nice college boy. They want to give me stuff in the family business. Now you want to go down a police cab for one. You're going to get a close like this. But a thing you brought at Brainsolobby and I cyber league suit. Come in. You're taking a story. Oh, my god. There are only emitators, man. There's only one god. Let me tell you right now. There ain't nothing like the godfather. Great. As a matter of fact, something that I let's put that on a pool. Because the book is much better than the movie. As ludicrous as that may sound, it is true. I'll take it with me for it. Now I'm sure you will. It's a very big book. Maybe he has somebody we need to. Maybe. Order? No. Okay. The godfather. I'm telling you right now, the book. And I saw it after the movie. It is a superior. It's sensational. From having someone to sleep. I'll start reading it. Marty says, must read all the president's men. See now George or this watch the movie again. It's easy to watch the movie like 1984 or I'll watch the movie for the first turn. So it's just a bit of much of a course to GOP is. At least I can system. Okay. At least they're consistent. At least they ain't taking them more of a Kunyu coast. 560560 were very cold intensive. I'll let him know for a little while probably not. I got some. I got another big pile here, you know. Okay. Wait for two o'clock and a good call from Joe Bell. I'm just sitting on the Asim I see. I don't want it. You know what? I got nothing to say. Do what? Talk to him. I'm not. I'm not offering any. I know. When people like nor you for eight years plus, no one listening to you have to say. All of a sudden this great. There's nothing to say. Do what for a guy. I'm here today. Grays is coming. Why? You could ask him how Josh is raises coming. And how your new contract is coming. Yeah. All of these are going to hear a Josh and George. He gives me. But yes. He gives me BS and he also gives me. I did. Okay. Joe Bell. Not so swell. Grimes with hell. It's just a small bullshit man. Speaking of that words, I'll crack. But I beat. But I beat. But if I just like going to Godfather again, you know. Remember that scene. But I beat. That game's come. And underrated. He was one of the greatest. There's a lot of me. Huh? I liked all his movies. In the first. And so even one more that chick was like stuck in the elevator. Right? That was great. He was very young man. And real slimy character. What was the name of that movie? And that's a good one. Girl, woman in the cage or something in the cage. Lady in the cage. Lady in the cage. That might be it. Well, that's a good movie. I was a very young. Oh. The little. You're being. Yeah. And well, the boss poor handicraft woman. She's got like their own elevator. And how so she can get from the downstairs to the upstairs and vicey Versy. And she gets stuck in the elevator. Who was that? Was it Charlie? What is was in that? I don't know if I could look it up. Well, Google. Man, lady in the cage. I believe that's what I saw that like maybe three or four times back. Oh yeah. That was making a monster like IFC and if in a film channel for a long time. That's a little bit of way to do it. That's a little bit of way to do it. Got it. And then the pan I have to see. It is actually. Well, that's why I just said it. Or you could just Google James Khan. That would be a lot easier than you can find the name of the movie. You can like Google a movie. See, that's the way to do it. That's the way we're going to. That's the way we're going to. Sorry. You can't. Oh, let's see. I  for, wait. Therefore. Come down. It may take a while. That's what I heard. It's actually a couple of weeks ago. Yeah. Scallionery Clooney. So are you listening to me? All right. More important. Rose Marie Clooney's sister Betty Clooney, who also had no talent. What she used to be like on, you know, today's show, different things. Because she was Rose Marie Clooney's sister. She was married to Puppy Campo, who was like some kind of a like a small time dizzy or an egg. Is that kind of a, yeah, well time. That's still a lot of the same important as the fact that Skatman Brothers was in that movie. I mean, if you can, if you can, well, see there you go, Puppy Campo is the same brand. Oh, fits in. Yeah, and all kind of a, the food fits where the deaf. Campaign staffers abandoned Harris, speaking of F. If her spending all Katie spent airbie last time, you bitch. And what could be the death now the Catholic Harris' US and the campaign all of her key staff members have quit. I almost just pulled the lamb shit off my lamp here. Several top campaignies, because I like hit the button like the flourish, and then like some of the follow-through, I almost pulled the lamb shit off my lamp. Several top campaignies that I'll be lecturing the past few weeks, but I'm Friday, the five remaining staff members, went and doubt they all walked out. Only their assistance and a few attempts to open a mail remain on board, according to one former staffer who didn't want to be identified for a further its life. The staff departs to skim at a time when she faces a daunting campaign, a one-seat Democratic US center Bill Nelson. She's got two chances, okay? Much much less than none, and much much much much about much less than none. Nelson both stayed double digitally in the polls and millions of dollars in the bank. And he's pretty weak. He's weak. He's boring. He's weak. But he isn't hurt, and that's why she's got no chance. And the email dispatched 5pm Saturday, Harris says he has relaunched her campaign with new employees. Right. We have lined up a core of season campaigners, and believe my candidacy or committed this campaign all should be committed by the way, and support the values of mainstream Florida citizens, Harris wrote, where strongers campaigned today, and we were yesterday. Right. More today than yesterday. Remember that song by the spiral staircase? Yeah. Have you got it? Oh, I know. Yeah. Dan, I'm more than any of you. She said the new house would be an answer this week, no one answered the phone if the campaign officer did that. Well, they all quit too. Here we go. The spiral staircase. I hate that song. So I like to play it. You just play it on your mind. That's in 68, 69. In fact, what is it? 69. I've got it. Oh, right. All right. See you. Part of the new episode of Joy's News. Let's start now, right? Let's say, for the poor, I do the words my country by Michael Moore on most read. Absolutely. Thanks, Maurice. Love you. It says Maurice. Dude, words my country. God, it has an excellent book. I have read it to the other room. Have you read it? Come on. Well, why not? Reading through the words my country. More. I'm standing. No, you rather go watch some movies. Because I think that this is back and be passive. That's right. Passive. Get by a new guy. Popcorn. And by the way, speaking of singing the suit, God's influences very word about who's writing the suit, God's. That's what I hear. I mean, what's the suit, God's got that he ain't gots. And I'll send it to the answer that. Rich Danny. 26. Passed noon is 5. 60. You asked the beasters to God's man or Joel Fiber. He doesn't like having a rich daddy. I'll trust you when I tell you. This has to be used. I've been a poor little rich kid, squirrel little rich Jewish kid from New England. Oh, brother. Unbelievable. Who, by the way, was writing out Robert Greeper last week. So this idea that there's some like cooperation there. Yeah, what you deal with the enthous. When you deal with bass favors, they backstab each other. They even want to backstab themselves. Okay. In the beast case, I'd sure like to see him try to do that. You know what I was thinking about yesterday? What? Speaking of the beast, and I was in Niagara Falls at the Acoustino. And I was thinking about, well, I was really thinking more like woodbind. Because Niagara Falls people generally tend to be more gentile and not like pushing each other around. But, um, you know how like, well, maybe you don't know. But, like in Vegas, it would be crowded by a bunch of machines. You know, maybe a carousel of wheel of fortune or poverty in my sheen. And people are kind of like pushing their way trying to like get in line so these, these sit right and stand right beside somebody who's getting rid of me and my sheen. Now, if you see the beast doing it, oh yeah. So, oh, back scammers, the old days. Let's hear it. Yeah. You do my work. I'll line up and whoever's first gets to stab OZ in the back. What are you saying? Oh, right. Several times. I'll bring my old day and shetting. Right. I think I just dumped it. I'll bring my old shoes. Oh, my god. I just did a good laugh of doing it for the good. I said, I was shetting is what I said. I didn't really see that. You thought it. That's almost good though. Yeah, I was thinking of machete and I said. Don't say it. On a seven after 12 at five, 60, WQM, roamed long sing in a song. Get through that. And you know another thing that's happening now is the snowboards are all on a way out. This is April, baby. This is the time when I say, you can tell it. You can just smell it. Hmm. That was the aroma I was small and earlier that riding meat. Maybe some of them left their bags behind. It would lightening quick speeds, the latest features and security, Comcans, Tysuite, Internet, leaves DSL in the bus. And by the way, before I forgot, I continued with the Comcans spot. You know, the next spot, there's a little bit of an issue there. Now has Troy the boy. Have you seen him? Have you smelled him? I'm going to ask the hour. Yeah. He's at the crew for a sound for while I was just, I'll just have to wing it on that. This is a man who wants to commission, doesn't want to do the job. That's Troy the boy. Troy's grandfather. I would take away all those accounts that he inherited. Those ones have been on for like 100 years before he blows him out of the water and give him like Ryan Schmutz. Give him the likes of real salespeople. Okay. Okay. Would lightning quiz speeds, latest features and security, Comcans Tysuite, the Internet leaves DSL in the bus. I think I just said that. And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month or two months. With an always on connection speed of 6 megabytes, Comcans Tysuite and Net is up to 4 times faster than DSL-15 and up to 100 times faster than dialogue. Whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video, playing online games, or just surfing your favorite sites, Comcans reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the Internet with a greatest device. Plus when he's sent up for Comcans Tysuite Internet, you can instantly access to feed features like the fan, video mail, Comcans Tysuite radio plus and up to 7 personally email accounts that's in the name of you. Not only that, but you can macophysic rooming tools too. So you can be assured that you're in that experience is always safe and secure. So what to be waiting for, start doing more a lot faster than every 4. Son up for Comcans Tysuite Internet today for only 9.95 month or two months and you wonder how you ever manage without it. In date call 305 Comcans to a and Broward Call today 9.54 Comcans. Wow! This is New Rosaries. This is 5662A. Those are those. Public baby. Only in Miami. Coming soon to Fox is the all new Beverly Hillbillies starring all your favorite characters. She's a very bright green green. Hi, hi. Jeff Roe. Oh, God. And Kelly Pickler. What's the sale? I don't tell you, she demonstrates what life is like without a brain. You want a pain with me? Hang on, but I don't even know how to dance. I think you turn the A to C, though. Um, A. Ah, I've had like done to deserve it. You know her and love her from American Idol. Now follow Kelly Pickler as she makes a startling discovery. She doesn't even care about California. But I'm going to this place called Homey Wood. And I don't see no churches at all. I know he's actually low. It's the all new Beverly Hillbillies starring Kelly Pickler. What the deal? Coming soon to Fox. You'll come back now here. I'll come back. Check back with us later. You might hear something like that. It's 12.32 and we got a big bowl coming along into a clock and we've all been in Gursland. I promise you that one of these days one of these months will have a staggering announcement and there'll be somebody I'd like permanent to to for. Deeper out of the or not. Maybe we're just going to do this forever. All I was we got going for days at all my god. You imagine a squeak level on that. Era of Pace off and we got guilty on every day. Man, that's the evil. Tom and tell I asked you to start to want to pass more than once but did. It's okay Tom as long as you got something to contribute as opposed to people who've been in stories like this morning before the show. Facts against stuff that I had unlike a week ago at least. What was that crap about? I forgot. Yeah, we have two stuff that we had on our website stuff that I read on the year and keep passing over and over. We already had that crap as we go. But I did some of you that we did. We did some stories today with special. What? Although I do think we're a fact to serve in the Guardian that I read that was excellent. Yes. About the effort. That's for NECC. I'm telling you the season is over. Such as it was. The season is over. You've been smelling. I sure hope we held up enough in March so that we wound up getting some bonus money and this winter book is be shredded and getting in the spring book. I guarantee that. No way. We want that bonus money. We want it now. Okay, you people are killing us. Joe Bell might not be too happy that he made that a cylinder. Call me here to you. You might not be too happy. I'm just, you know, go a sur. Huh? Be frank. No, I'll believe me. I was frank the last time I talked to him. I was calling me. I said, no, this is frank. Get off my phone. You come. That's what I said to him. And then I said, I don't care who you are. You fair. Yeah. That's what he said to me. Time and tell us is great change. Con will be thief. With Tuesday world, Robert Praske and Willie Nelson. Willie Nelson. He said, I don't care who you are. You fair. Yeah. Willie Nelson. He's an early Michael man movie. Huh? Is that as in Mr. Man? He's a big, that game. Mr. Man James Colin. That was a great movie too. Well, we're going to be a fancy base. Right. Was it misery? misery. misery. Love's company. That's why a lot of people come to South Florida man. misery loves company. And then once it starts going to be 100 degrees in the shade and starts poor like crazy every day. And the, uh, boop of, uh, told start crawling up and you're swimming pool. Everybody bailed out. That's like a right about now. So sorry. I did this fool about books. Bad idea, Sean. In fact, Sean is so desperate. He's going to worst in us. He's doing repeats now. I mean, it's one thing what we do repeats because I try to go back four or five years. Sean is like repeating the stuff that we had unlike last week. Like here's what he said on, uh, what's the date on this? But just the other day, Mark's still the one Friday. The most overrated anything. We've already done that a million times, right? And I like super bowl, pink Floyd. Then they're done that, Sean. I don't want to perche on your shroud, but you're, you demand. We count on you. All right. Future, where it depends on you, which tells you how shaky it is. What's the gas profession? How many times you done that? Well, just, the, well, not that long go either. Uh, let's see. We did do it with the most monster. That was a good one. And then the word, and what's the worst thing about your legislative bush? Oh, we don't have enough for that. Oh, for that. God, just no obligatory bush face. And that doesn't make no talent. The worst thing about George's W Bush is he just won't go away. That's the worst thing. Just go away. Don't go away, PO. Just go away. You failed. You flunked. You're out. WQA. Hello. You're out, Tom. Oh, that was the guard where you tried to cover up with something new original. I could recognize by the flummonestro. Can you tell it? Mm-hmm. Yeah, we did a little DNA on your flummo. We knew it was you. You're an idiot. You were a jackass. We hate you like poison. Hope you'll die. And child is what you are. A moron, a simple den. Probably got a smooth spot where you're a... Still just supposed to be. When surprised me. WQA, hello. Where do they keep all this time that they've been saving? They stay like time. Where do they help? How do you get idea? Right, Tom. That's a good idea for starters. 5 6 7 0 5 6 5 6 5 6 7. Maybe you'll get interst on it too. Like I said, I already say, interst. He had a lot of... he had great interst in what was happening in the Middle East. That's why he said is a secondary stage on flummonestro. The secondary stage on flummonestro is a really good school. WQA, hello. Yes, man. 2 days. It's not even a clock yet. I have the best book for your poll. Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to call on Friday when I had the best movie for your poll. What was that? It hasn't made it to Florida yet, but you have to see it when it gets there. It's called Why We Fight. It starts out with white eyes and howers fare well. See, then I just got through a message and I just got through a message and I just got a second connection again. Oh my gosh. Well, anyway, you have to act for everyone who has to see that movie. Okay. That's for the book. Any goodman's the exception to the rulers, exposing oily politicians and war profiteers and the media that loves them. I just found out about it yesterday. I've ordered it today. Amy Goodman is the host of Democracy Now. I don't know. I'll definitely do wish to me. Was I supposed? Yeah. No, that is the point. It's almost pace off. That's important. It is important. It's funny. Exactly. But Michael Moore recommends this book. He says, take up this book. Shake your head and do this. What's your call to go on? Get it today, maybe. See, exception to the rulers. Okay. I like that. By Amy Goodman. I'm sorry. By whom? Amy Goodman. Oh, Amy Goodman. What's he probably kind of Amy, man? Or some man. Or for man. Maybe a rule. Amy Goodman. Okay. Thanks a lot, sweetheart. I'd have a seasoned face off. You too, Darwin. Bye-bye. So, he took much of that. I turned to a cardboard inside your kishpies, man. Oh, the food. The food. You know, I'm going to write a book. The food that you see. Okay. Now I'm serious. I've had a plain lot. Like, about a lot of fat people and digestive problems. I think, and obsession with bowel movements. Like, my mother had a whole her life. When you eat all of that stuff, they're like, just lazy. Like, a big lump in your kishpies, man. How are you going to get rid of it? Oh, I have to say. But we can't say blocking the exit, baby. Blocking the exits. Not good in case of fire. What's the product time? Could it make sure that it's like spicy Mexican food, which I'm sure is in now. Oh, or not. I think you're the one, sir, all this anti-Mexican hatred. What's wrong with you? I got nothing against Mexican. Rudy, how about you? It is. It is. Yeah. You don't like Mexican's legal or illegal. Or a moral. That's true. The Emperor wears no clothes by Jack Hurler or Hurler. Says Rudy. The Emperor wears no clothes. Got it? Got it. I mean, I'm not going to read anything. He's vocally there. When the Christmas of the ruler sounds to you, can I even go in? And then, of course, the very bonds steroids book. That is a must read. I'm going to go to the bookstore today. I'm going to get both of both of those. In fact, let me do this right now. I wrote down the six-minute. I wrote that one down. Oh. No, well, well, well, well, well, I got to put it. I'm sitting here my underwear. Don't tell me. Don't say that. Back to me. I'm going to, how the way I'll tell you why. I'll put it right next time I teach you. Okay. I'm actually what I'll do is during the break. I'll take it and stick it out there on my pants. Now, you know, twice right for that, you know, tomorrow I might do four hours on him. You know, I forget about the rest of the skills department. This man, it's this feeling of entitlement. You've heard about entitlement programs. We have certain people in our building who feel like entitled to suck the commission out of a council. I've had on the year for like 20, 30 years in some cases. And they just keep taking and taking and taking. And what they doing mature is basically, it's not complicated. It's simple. Nothing. Nothing. You know what I mean? What do you mean? I mean, when is he going to do something this man? He's just in part and I have to keep nudging him and nudging him. And it means time for whatever reason. I don't know what the reason is. I've been in fact these in X-Joc and used to play very quickly for the dolphins by the way as in once a week. And I'll see. During my, let me cross this out. Across this out. Cross that. I have to do it. I have to make it up as I go along. We're right. We're right. We're right. Well, I'm reading. Now it just pisses me off because drag concepts. And I will be for like over 20 years. Twenty one years I do believe at least I've been using in my home for 21 years. Two weeks ago today they were in my house. My beautiful Austin Plantation. It did my carpets again. And like I said, they've been doing them for years and years. And they made those carpets as the report I'm getting. Looks just like brand new. They always do they never let you down. There is nobody anywhere at any price that gives you a better deal and ride concept. It does a better job. So before you go out and spend thousands of free place that carpeting do the smart thing like I've been doing for all these years. Give drag concepts. You call little bring those carpets back to life. No matter how bad or hopeless they look right now when they get them with their job they leave your carpets vibrant and color. Softers are staying free and looking like you had brand new laid right on your floor and don't forget they do a lot of the great things for you too. They also specialize in drapery cleaning up. Pulse the reclinings deep cleaning your expensive of the furniture and lots more no rip off saw these carpet cleaning deals. At the end of the deal I say, oh, I guess what it's a lot more than we thought it was going to be because we had to do but a bit but when they tack onto the price, not a drag concepts. They always give you written guaranteed price up front view for they start the job. They always do a professional job and show up on time every time as well. Don't forget all of these things carpet cleaning water damage restoration pet order treatments, mattress cleaning the cigarette vitality dust mites and lots lots more. Call the best and trust the best like I do drag concepts. Call them tool free and they grab out on the palm beaches at 1-800-248-507-1. Tell them that trash dread for a totally fine on the floor. 1-800-248-507-1 run the web at stryeconcets.com This is Neil Ryex.com This is by you Jacket. This is by 62A. I was out in the other room putting everything on my pants. Florida sucks. This November, make your voice heard in a sitting and non-internative way. This November, softer off to the wall. I'm Phil Collins, today please join me in the other adult contemporary friends and self-rock of faux wauw in their art glorious. That's right Phil. I'm Gloria Estesson. Get on your feet, come on and make it happen. Register the soft rocks of our today. If you stopped paying attention to the issues about the same time and stopped paying attention to the music, then you adjust the type we need to soft rock the ball. Sir, my dairy's rock is the booty in the blowfish. Remember me? Yeah, it doesn't matter. As long as you remember the soft rock of faux. Don't you agree Michael? Hey, I'm Michael Bolton. And if there's one thing a man loves more than a woman, it's his right to express political opinions. Outdated is his taste in music. So whether you're the damaged self-as an elevator that's super market-oriented for it, grandma's house, get down. But not too loudly or whipped me away. And register to soft rock the booty. Alright, call 45. Yeah, it was not there putting that list of books. And I got to add to it. Bush's brain. Oh, that's right. Which is it? I don't know that. Did you really? Very good, movie actually. In fact, I'm on a website right now to cut the by the DVD. It's the Bush's brain website. Yeah, we great. The book was made into a documentary. You've seen it? It's not one and a half times it was on. I think I have seen since he just mentioned it. Really, Bush's brain? It was great. With early footage of Carl Rove, like when he had it. Who's every random country that's a picture of Carl Rove that beat my eye to faggot. Oh, God. Look at him. That piece of the... No, these little guys are crap. I don't want to. I'm going to make it my post, later on. The white guy is the... I dreamt he was a post. Which nobody notices trying. And you know what that like you said, it's more for us. I've never been so astonished in my life. I mean, you know, lack of responses generally par for the course and stuff. Florida, but here's the most important thing I've ever discovered. If we just don't have any people with diabetes in the audience, maybe the world did. Like some horn yet, but we'll be free. Maybe you don't have any fat people in the audience. Right, that could be it. I've seen a crowd now. They look very slim and I am. Right. We're slim and trim. Yeah. Tall Crockman writes John and Jerry. Oh, this is so good. I saw a little bit. I was in the fall just a bit of my hotel room before I went back and served punching again. I saw a little bit of John McCain getting the soft balls. The soft ball toss from Tim Russet here on Eta Pres. What a funny man John McCain. Go get sucked in by this funny baloney. Tall Crockman writes, well, I'll be damned. At least that's what the Reverend Jerry Falwell says. Last month, Mr. Falwell issued a statement of saying that in his view, Jews can't go to heaven unless they converge across the entity. And what Mr. Falwell says matters. Maybe not in heaven, but here on Earth. After all, he's a kingmaker in today's Republican Party. Senator John McCain obviously believes that he can't get the Republican presidential nomination without Mr. Falwell's approval. During the 2000 campaign, Mr. McCain denounced Mr. Falwell on the Reverend Pai Robertson as agents of intolerance. The next month, Mr. McCain will be a commencement speaker at Liberty University, which Mr. Falwell founded. On Eta Pres. yesterday, Mr. McCain was asked to explain his apparent flip-flop. I believe he replied that the Christian Rhyme has a major role to play the Republican Party. One reason I believe is they're so active and their followers are. And I believe they have a right to be part of our party, he says now. So what's happened since the 2000 campaign, and Mr. McCain, that Mr. Falwell is not in fact an agent of intolerance? Maybe he was Mr. Falwell's TV appearance with Mr. Robertson on September 13, 2001, during which the two religious leaders argued that the terrorists attacked today's earlier would define punishment for American immorality. God continues to list the curtain and allow the enemies of America to give us probably what we deserve, said Mr. Falwell, who also declared, I really believe that the pagans and the abortionists and the feminists and the gays and lesbians are actively trying to make that an alternative lifestyle. The ACLU, people for the American way, all of them who've tried to secularize America, at the right point there, finger in their face and say, you help this happen. Or maybe Mr. Falwell's appearance on 60 minutes, October 2002, leading to clear it, I think my hand was a terrorist. My hand, he said, was a violent man. I like Mr. Falwell, I guess, who said a terrorist we should blow them all away in the name of the Lord. After each of these incidents, by the way, Mr. Falwell is sure what we just were described as apologies, but they weren't apologies, they were statements along the lines of, I'm sorry that some people were upset by what I said. It's clear that in each case, Mr. Falwell's offensive remarks were not a slip of the tongue, and reflected as deeply held beliefs, and that's why it's important to hold someone like Mr. McCain, who was still widely regarded as a moderate and spite of his extremely conservative voting record, accountable when he coeses up to Mr. Falwell. Nobody thinks the Mr. McCain sure is all a Mr. Falwell's views, but Mr. McCain said that the Christian right has a right to be part of the Republican party. It was an effect saying the Mr. Falwell statements are within the realm of acceptable political discourse. Just to be clear, this isn't a free country, Mr. Falwell has a right to say what he thinks, even if his views include the beliefs that other people by saying what they think brought down God's wrath on America, by the same token any political party has a right to include Mr. Falwell and his supporters, just as any politician has a right to make a political line so Mr. Falwell. But if he choose to make common cause with religious extremists, he receptings some responsibility for their extremism. Now, welcoming Mr. Falwell and people like him as members of their party, Republicans are saying that it's OK, and that's certainly correct, but OK to declare that Donald was a America's punishment for a tolerance of abortion and homosexuality that Islam is a terrorist religion, and that Jews can't go to heaven and vote for your judge of the Republican party accordingly. As for Mr. McCain, his denunciation of Mr. Falwell won Robertson six years ago, helped give him a reputation as a moderate on social issues. Now that he's made up with Mr. Falwell and endorsed South Dakota's ban on abortion, even in the case of great for incest, only two conclusions are possible. Either he isn't the social moderate after all, or he's a political aportonist. That's so lowly correct. That's cynical political aportonist. That's who that would. Yeah, that's my choice. That's my vote. And in fact, I vote for both of the vote. I'm golden as 700 votes on a poll. Pretty weak, yeah. Sorry for doing this poll today. Not sorry for you folks. Sorry for us. Six hundred thirty nine voices all we got. We might have to work hard to get 700 pretty sad. Oh well, what book? Maybe we just don't have the right book on there. How about the Quran? No. How about our chief archie comics? Yeah. Six hundred thirty nine vote. What book should we compulsory reading? 1984 to 01. I hate this poll 97. I don't read books 82. You put those together. You've got almost 30 percent right there between those two. But 30 minutes. The Bible 51. Well, for different reasons and some of you think I'm sure. Farewell to God 44 Charles Templeton. I'd go out there and get it today and I'd be headed out copies of it on street Corners via the time. Rise and follow the third right 40. Voice got to manual 23. Do your duty. And a lot of people wish they could. Mobile Dick 18, including Ma. But eventually code 17 for a night 451 15. You realize it's coming up on two years. You've been dead now, Ma. Yeah. You suppose say, over you really miss her bad. No, look at that. Oh. The DaVinci code 17 for an head 451 15. Ken's got a Bible 12. Doodeworth's my country. Michael Morris six excellent. Atlas shrug. Now, that's shrug. Shrugged. Oh, it's seized. Shrug on a rug, okay. What is wrong with this man? You know, John. What did you say? Shrug. Okay. I'll rewind. Shrug. Shrugged. Like mug. Which is what you're going to get in the minifio. Cut the crap. And by the way, that checked. I just put a $10 billion bill on below. Atlas shrugged. It's quite a sure what we didn't get dropped out. Drop the globe when he did that. Remember Charles, this is waiting for your time. I had those comic. But my muscle man shrubs out with that's right. That very muscular. No, nice. He's looking. He looked like Jack O'Lean looks like right now. Like a 95 year old man in a jumpsuit. Yeah, get rid of the Spandex pants, juicy man. Atlas shrugged. I'm sure that Eric will hop in on that. The truth about very bonds and steroids has got five. And would have a lot more of Josh wasn't suppressing the voice. Yeah, Josh is doing the George Bush diebel on the pool. The kind of money Chris go. Ha ha ha ha ha. Five. All the presidents went for. See the movie instead. The godfather for. That's good. See people actually read the book because there was even better than the movie. I know you don't believe me, but it's true. I believe you. It's actually even freighter was great in it. Alistair cooks America for Robert Kennedy is times two. Go ask Alistair. Smoke a big fat one when you read that. Let us from the earth two by Samuel Langhorn Twain. Bush's brain one. The emperor wears no clothes. The evcifton of the rulers and the powers that be all have got the big. A lot of six 46. We're going to be hard pressed to make 700. And then it can't be the 700 club without without Pat Robertson. Let's go kill a Hugo Chavez right on the ear here. What do you say? Or Michael Savage? Representative from queer channel CBS radio, Citadel and Entercom reportedly met this month with Alaska month. I'm sorry. April already. Calus April. Times of March and on man. Times of March and on. It's April the third. Reportedly met last month with FCC officials and discuss a possible settlement over payola allegations. Oh my god. Unnamed sources told writers on Friday that the four companies have been touched. The civil investigation into pay for play activity. See these people ought to be in jail for this. But what the FCC, all you got to do is give them some money. It's like blackmail. That's all. Just like all the indecency finds. While they came up with the final settlement number and they paid them off. And I was into that. Pay for play activity. The companies may be considering financial settlements with the US government to resolve the matter. Right or said, it's several sources have declined to be named. The FCC started looking to pay all allegations in August of last year after New York State Attorney General Elliott Spitzer, our next president began to look into the legislation of radio stations in the Empire State. I say Elliott Spitzer for president. He's great from the Empire State. What? I'm spit. Well that's right. He Jewish. Like I said, no chance. Once a resrolled writer settlement gossiped on a fast track but so down or recently it's been how about Elliott Spitzer when his running may rust fine gold. Would you leave her man for her cheerleader? Boy. Once a resrolled writer settlement gossiped on a fast track. But so down or recently because each of the radio companies requested to see the evidence obtained by Spitzer's office before proceeding with the FCC and see the people who put the F and FCC. Well, if you see the FCC, how do you like that? Once or a totally new organization the FCC initiated the settlement talks. Neither FCC representative nor company representative nor representative. Nobody in other words they're all among them. And I'm speaking. It's embarrassing. Payola. People like to jail for that. Peter Tripp, the curly-headed kid in the third row of WMGM in New York 1050, on Medell. Who cited it became WHN? What's a jail for that? Peter Tripp. And Alan Fried got just about a dip when he involved in it. Sure he was. Yeah. 6.5.6 on the pool. We got to get to 700. And then we can call it the 700 club. Now if we do that can we like start taking religious donations. Speaking of donations, how's that campaign for Manipera Rescue coming? I'm sorry I asked. You're going to say we got to 21,000 yet? I don't know. And don't care. What you're trying to say? Yes. Nice going there. Nice to your efforts. But as much time going up there is still in his ass off. Well I shouldn't have said that. Reck them to late. Hey listen. Never give it away because then you can't sell it. Nobody will pay for it. Then this is just as what Kathy will have said. What are you going to do about it? You're fairing. But anyway he's, you know, he got involved in that thing. And I think it would have to be a bigger bond than the Japanese saw at the Nagasaki. And we got like 21 grand or something like that. It ain't happened. Because you people, you know, you don't want this stuff. You don't want our goods. It's okay. We can handle it. Maybe we'd sell them our beds. Yeah. No, that's what I thought was on there. You don't want our goods. They're on our website. It's bigger than hell. Just like the thing with the pasta, the reemfields. Do not make it any money off of that. But boy, don't let that confuse them with the fact. Maybe they don't like it. It sure isn't disappearing off the public shows just by us. Most of somebody's buying it. Somebody's trying it. Maybe they all died from it. You think? We tell them. Maybe they're still right now in the throne for us. I'm gonna happen. Nah, it's got extra fiber. In case you haven't noticed, if you notice. Not yet. But you will. I didn't know. You will, Mr. It's got extra fiber. You're going to be having some moving experiences. Believe me. If you think you have turmerizing your home. You ought to call our friends at Riddet Peskantrol to the end. Get a free turmer at inspection before your home is long gone. Riddet Peskantrol uses an amazing orange or a treatment that kills turmerized and turmerize 100% of our contract. Contact. I mean, they're gone right now. Fashioned and you can say it's hard to react to an idiot. If you have turmerized it's the best possible way to get rid of them and they're saying goodbye forever. You don't have to tinge your house. But that's the way. It looks like a carval in the neighborhood every time I see one of those homes with all the tenting over the top ridiculous. You don't have to do that with these folks. No worrying about poisonous gas. No move out to her hotel stays. No worrying about food or pets in your health. They teach your home a disimazing orange oil. And you don't have to leave it all. In fact, when they're done treating your property. The only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. You'll be inhaling a lot. It's true if you have a turmerized problem called ridded pest control right now and find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that kills turmerized and their eggs 100% on contact. No tending. No kidding. Call right now for a free no obligation inspection. 1-800-447-4348. That's 1-800-447-4348. Be sure to tell me the top direct to the call 1-800-447-4348. If this is real rubbish, this is 5.16. 1-800-448. 1-800-448. This is not a tumour. It's the ones who do it. 1-800-448. What do you think? That very box. You see a map full of someone who's being put in the air? Well, everybody trying to drug kiss me. Who's always taking off the juice? Who's always acting so aloof? Who's drove your body through the roof? Very hungry? Yeah, you. Very hungry? Very hungry? What's going on? Right, don't. Very hungry? From sport to straightening, right to the tabloids? Well, everybody's saying I take roads. 101, who now gives a grab? Oh, look at this. Somebody says, for the pull, a must read, behold a pale horse. Behold a pale horse? A horse? And it's time to say, no, no. We know a faction by the name of Mr. Ono. No, but I know this header. They're chronic. Oh, see? They're there, all right. And they're fine to pale. What is it, a pale horse? A pale horse? Wait till you hear this. You better hang on real time because you're going to. You're going to vomit. They buckle up. Shocked. Howard Steer's. He's a very clearly news gun. You're right. You're a vis-life. You scared me. You shot me. Too little in your mouth. Yeah. I'm sure you got to scrub his life on a craze fan, spit in his girlfriend's face and threaten both of them and then an upper our west side street sources. Have you yesterday? But a frightened steer and quickly turned crime fighter, helping cobs nap these, screaming armwaving lunatic sources. Steer and who's regularly approached by friendly fans of the street was especially shaken by the deranged man's angry offburst, a surface of the radio host said. His nerves, however, were combat doesn't so cops who's fed of the scene. It was very upsetting and traumatic, but he was very pleasantly professionalism and responsiveness for the police or a said. The story was the privacy-loving, Jack Shaxach, me and ever talk about on his show, unfolded shortly after APM said her dynamic. As Steer and the liggae girlfriend, Beth Ostrasky, we're walking on Columbus Avenue, west 67 seconds three after dinner. Why not fan Gregory Forbes recognizer and confronted the long-haired satellite radio gave her screaming, Howard. Forbes, for the allegedly screamed and waved his arms threatening Steer and Ostrasky, getting right on their faces, making them fear for their lives. The source has said. When the couple walked away and jumped into a cab, Forbes chased after them with his sister's raised in spit through the taxi's open window when Ostrasky's face, a court complaint charges. Will you do a mintheol again? Yeah, yeah. Steer managed to call cops, but by the time they arrived, Forbes was gone. Undoaded, Steer and hopped into an unmarked police car with anti-cramed cops hopped them scoured area for the weirdo. Blossom, way too to take a spotted man, fitting Forbes' description about a 50 PM, Steer and the safety of the unmarked police car identified Forbes' disuspect. Forbes lives in a boarding house in Hamilton Heights, was all of the 20th precinct station office on West 82nd Street, he was arraigned in Manhattan criminal court last night on charges of 30th of benesign and secondary harassment held in $500 bail. A representative for Steer and who lives with us, cross-game Manhattan couldn't be immediately reached for comment. The weekend menacing incident was on the first time violent fans of threatened Steer and ten years ago this month. A shotgun packing man was busted in the Midtown after lunch they running after Steer and Limazine as a pulled in with studio loading dock. In 99, a man who was pointed to Troy Gunner while rigging in the 70s was sentenced to two and a half years in prison for sending letters to Steer and threatening his life. The Saturday night confrontation was the latest Auditor for Steer and were recently complained that not enough of his fans of Father and Sincere Leftory radio for pay radio in January. I want to say to my audience, you haven't come with me yet how dare you rubbed her wild crazy stuff that you have never sounded better. The day you were not on the same weekly. How dare you. He's also battling his old bosses who claimed in lawsuit he in property club his new serious program on CBS's airways turns the lawsuit as fabulous even going on David Loderman. Which he's right about that. Problasts is an understand it. There you are. Yeah right. Shame on you. There haven't a however good time. Don't you want to have a good time? Don't want you to do a lot of paid listener radio. How would you? God. You even maybe 50 cent? You pay for it. For what? Not for radio though. No. What book should be compulsory reading? Let's see. I hate this full 101. I don't read any books eighty five. See what? I mean just sixty nine. Oh, we got a real uphill march to get the 700 by two o'clock. Don't we? Yes we do. We got a trudge. Sixty nine. And they're not even coming in by the ones who have the nuns. They all have that penguin off. They're coming in like with nuns. Don't forget the Panther game at half of the night. You're here at an AM 13 60 because. Oh, it just cause. President Marlon Conqueror acts is that. Uh, winner playing regular season games. They got to be on. They take precedents. The panthers take her back seat to everybody. And every respect. And that's because nobody cares about hockey and Florida because it's a bunch of mug lumps. Bunch of red next. Bunch of red next. They love their football. Baby, the. And this business that Hank keeps giving me all is all about the heat. Nobody cares about the heat. I don't care what you guys say, Josh. Nobody cares about nothing. Dolphins. That's it. That's the beginning. The. Enough said. Well, they. Is the hot ticket in town right now. Right right now as compared to what? As compared to the WMBA. What was it? Am I that teen? That lasted about five minutes. Like I told you. What was the name of that. Dike club. Oh my god. I don't even remember. See who that exactly. Who the hell would? Who would even know? But they're. Who? Who wants to see that crap. He said that much of other dikes. That's who went to the games. I know that. And that's who is playing in the games. Sure. Well, motorist opens fire on health angels' biker. The soul. It was the soul. Get out of here. Pretty sure. They might be soul. They put us on your whole. Yeah. Pretty sure. The soul in your bowl. Can't see. Put the soul in your whole. We'll be getting like Joyce on the phone. Any second. A motorist open fire on a group of health angels. He tells Angels Motorcycle, along Interstate 95, and West Haven, Connecticut yesterday, killing one and drinking another. But Connecticut, what a not a good place. You ever been there? No. Don't really? The bikers were traveling near, why not nothing there? We're traveling near, and I think it's close to New York. That's all. That's their claim to fame. They're close to New York and they got jewelry. I like nothing. The bikers were traveling near, West Haven, around 330, yes they have new one. They were shots and state police spokesman, Sergeant J. Paul Vans. They're probably kind of like advancing your pants and David Vans. Police were considering a number of possible orders including road raids and were searching for a sport you tell you vehicle with Florida license plates. Uh huh. Roger Mary Annie's 60 when a scrapford pulled over before realizing he'd been traveling the effort to or so. He later died and Yale knew heaven hospital. Paul Carroll 37 of Bridgeport was raised by a bullet, was treated at the hospital in the least. See that? And Connecticut, they're so pissed off. They're so big. They're so big. How can you explain them? Maybe they told they were from Mexico? Maybe there were like listers of what they've modeled for security? How can you be on the air? That's what I think. That's a good question. Why would anybody put his hands on the air? I'm not saying it is never right to say any crappy once, but how can he still like keep a yacht? He moves around more than for how? Which is saying everything? 677 before we got 23 votes to go until, well, they can even do that I hate this poll to a clock, right? That's how much they hate it. do it. I know that. They won't even do that. They don't want to be a touch in it. They don't want to be associated with it. Unclean. 560 560 pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line. W2QAN. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, listen up. So, what you've seen at the small website, often speaking of your voice up your watching issue, and now he's involved with another scandal. And it's what you're talking about very bonds book, it seems like there were tracing back restaurants actually started in baseball. And they say they said, how they can take a, when you went to the Texas Rangers, there you go. That's where he inject it. Ralph Bill, get some only Texas Rangers there. Good to be our coach. W. Good. I'll be there. Okay. Like we didn't know that. He took against. Right. He said that. Like that was a major revelation. They didn't like that. He wrote it. I've really got bigger revelations in that. Like it is written that this spoken that is a bunch of crap. I mean, you people are through this god thing. And we're praying to God. Oh, that's that's what they facts this morning. The story about how prayer doesn't work. We had that last week. Right. Was on our website. I read a story on the year, probably his reasons to try to prove a point. Oh, yeah. Will power prayer, the word saved me while all the other people died on that plane, but the Lord saved me. Yeah. Well, what, what a God. He's very selective. Maybe the Lord was willing to do some hanky spanky with him or something like that. Who else knows? Just nonsense. Just praying to God. There's six big and people crawling around in this planet like that. One guy wrote 90% too many. So for us. And we're, he's, he's, God must have a whole bunch of ears. You know what? He must he, his hearing must be better than like a woodpecker. Must be incredible. Hmm. Now if they said that birds have great hearing, birds and bats, right? And he would have been on to. Huh? Right. Anything with the be like Joe Bell. I bet he's got a good hearing. So with two of a fuck when I yell in the phone. Get on here. Go you know like that. I don't want. I got nothing to tell you. You know nothing to say. Say hi. How you do it? I see you. See you around. Good luck. Who wants you? How about good luck in your leave it? How's that? All right. They're sure taking their dance sweet time. The only thing that they did real fast is putting a bunch of little children play the lead. J. Kramer again, little children play Brad Kramer. See a little children again. One moment please. Yeah. Crazy Kramer. What's the crazy Kramer? No more. Remember him? Used to be on with Tanner and more. And 100. There's Billy J. Kramer. This would be the theme song. I mean, a seven-hence little children. See that you're making up for lost time. All of you that you didn't hear the song. What do we say? The year was 1963. 64. Correct. That's enough. How dare you? How dare you? How dare you? I'm not being able to find a way to take a call or took. How dare you was the sternist who said? I mean, what kind of attitude is it? How dare you not to buy our CD or anything? And how do I mean, if you wanted to find it, if not, if not, then I can do about it. You want to have to stop that straight. If not, we understand your cheap. We know that. Learn that over these many years. How dare you? Like, like, he's going to intimidate them in the pain for it. They don't want they don't want it. How do you like that? How a, they don't want it. They don't want to pay it. Listen to radio. Believe me that. That whole XM and serious thing. That's max job. There'll be trickling a few more. Be trickling in over here over there. That's it. Did not predict that? Yes, say that. Now, sure I would have gone on there in a heartbeat. You bet. Sure I would like to talk to more than just the same 50 and in grades that we talked to over here. We'd like that. We're not going to happen. And there's that bad again with a, but bad rhymes with mustache. This is a new Roger. That mouth, man. See the lenses we've Gibson. you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you every month. Stay, it's just once. Come on. You can go right there. The third. Yeah, what's wrong with you? I'm sitting in empty envelope today. It's not a joke. I'm sitting right there. Huh? I'm putting your name on it. Also, I've never even heard the guy. Yeah. Oh, you say anybody uses a bastard. We know that. That's right. Well, you've got to have a little impact on Josh there. He's just too nice. He wants to be Mr. Nice guy. Not on this show. I thought you were a bad boy. I think, stuck. Like, such as Rich Walsh, you don't even remember him? I didn't, I said he's not that good last year. He was not that good. Come on, he's not that good. Come on, he's not that good. Okay. Just see the name and board once. You're quite. Come on. All right. This is getting boring. Ha ha ha. I heard it. So we're, well, I heard it. I thought I'd have a full chopped up. I'd have a nice idea. Ha ha ha. Just a day van. Very good. Okay. We can get together there. Ha ha ha ha. That's great. We'll make. Five, six, seven, all the hype that you got to pay for it now. Ha ha ha ha. Better hurry, George. He's got his finger on it. Trust me. Somebody. With the QAM, hello. Oh, God. Oh, God. WM, that's the chamber guy, by the way. Yeah. You know, it's a spoken little fog now. Tell me the QAM, hello. To a M. Oh, no. Yeah. Stop. What are you going to do about it? Yeah. Yeah. I don't think you're watching again. I know they had tickets. The office is going to be super quiet. So, okay. What am I going to do about it? Oh, no. How dare you? Why? I'll take a walk. I'm really peered about that thing about letting Venturigate away from the papers. What was that all about? What were they thinking, Josh? What was that all about? I don't know, but you've done. Dave Van, come on. Do any QAM, hello. A.L. I got a few books for you here. No particular order. Yeah. How many is a few? Like it doesn't? Three. A color purple. Causes. And the joy of that. What was the first one? The color purple. Is a book? Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. And the hall's a wall. Yeah. I got books. And then the joy of that. The joy of that. The joy of that. S.X. Oh. Ah. I know they read them in trailer parts. Did you? Maybe they got somebody to read to them. I don't know. Nice trailer bio. Maybe they saw the movie. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the horizon and send you a singular whiteboard of where was lying in his. 32, wham, hello. Same crazy. No. 32, wham, hello. Could've fooled me. Yeah. And back to you. Happy a piece of. Thank you. Where exactly did they carry that free field faucet down here? Complex. Anywhere else? Because they hire a lot of Haitians. Oh, there's that guy again. Well, yes, well, he's been on the last time. You're boring. How if that location camera ever comes along and just beats the snow on me. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the horizon, singular whiteboard of his lines. WCWM, hello. No. Yes, sir. Do you think that the space? No, I don't. WCWM, hello. WCWM, hello. WCWM, hello. WCWM, hello. Yes, sir. Why I was ripping out day by boring and Joseph Gackie sucks and then and he hankies the young sucks. He's boring and he sucks. Yeah. And he... You and him, he... You can't get on or what? Yeah. You're boring. Yeah. You're... What would you like me to do about it? That's... ...with Hank too? He's okay. Okay, Hank sucks. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 in the horizon, sinfying off the horizon, right to his ear to my own ear. I'll tell him you send the regards and you want some of them. You want a piece. WCWM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey. Did you hear about yesterday? The Pope. They celebrated him? Yeah. Yeah. They did it with Hank. They made it with Hank. Hank, Hank, Papa, whatever it is here. He's the same. Now, he's thinking to deal. Who cares? He never saw a freight train and he liked his polis sausage. That's what the Swiss guard said. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 in the horizon, sinfying off the horizon, sinfying off the horizon, sinfying off the horizon. Oh, you'll pop a eye. Oh, Papa. If you want to see what's wrong with the world, just take a look at all him getskies. They're at St. Peter Square, man. Just take a look at that scene. Going on there. Just like they were sloughing around like he looks like the old, uh, uh, it tells a very dope way. Had the head of the public for it, I'll tell you that. Remember that with him little shoes and so on. About the new Pope, but a little red shoes. I think I think the red shoes shoot diaries. That was about this new Pope, the Nazi Pope. All that had to make some changes. This Pope Benjamin Franklin Pope. That's the right to women out. And by the way, speaking to people that suck any Pope to another scene, I will first. This is Neil Rogers. This is a very good idea. This is 5.62. 804wechsels We're giving away rich com Mexico City, but who are bringing Mexico to you? That's right, who are giving away Mexico? Real life, Mexico! I'm sorry. We're these swath of a nearly delay lens across the border in the real well of a station back. Then we hope you want to you. Imagine your own personal Mexico. Wash your coffee, your house. Thank you, or cry. And you think you want? Because if they don't, you'll have them deported. I'm the O-sum. They must be in color. When you hear this, I... And win, on Mexican! Members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans. They think in the lawsuit of Mexicans is winners responsibility. Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans. That would break single-to-mile with your own home. Every day! What your very own Mexican! These are the things you wish. How dare you say those things? One twenty-nine a Q.A.M. We got our seven hundred votes. You can rest easy now. 721. Ten more, I'm sorry. Seven hundred twenty-one votes. I didn't know the hupper did play by play by the way. I was the talk about Joe's a Gaki and Dave N.Boring. We're talking play by play guys. We want to talk talk radio guys. That's another conversation. I mean, look at those numbers. We got our sports talk shows now. Look at those. Can that convince you something? Uh-huh. I think we need a lot more of those segments. We need a lot more hour-win bag. A lot more my keen-in. A lot more Eric Reed. We talked to his teeth. We wouldn't get rich walls on there too. So I'm just a big rich wall span. What books should be compulsory reading? We got so we're seven. That's all we care about now. Don't even need to look at this. 1984, 2017. You see what percentage of the whole total? Not third man. I hate this pool one on nine, 105. I don't read books 92. That's twenty, twenty seven percent. Either hate the pool or no read books. And the reason I hate the pool is by the way, and this one. They don't read books. That's right. The Bible 54. That's as far as I'm reading the Bible. The good book says, well that's your ain't the good book. If that's the good book, I'd hate to see the bad book. Richard Hoff, who's the entertainment to guy, the daily news TV editor. Actually, it writes about current stuff. I wonder what time's it has got to say about Katie Couritt? Do you think he'll have a column about that? Maybe there are a couple of months after she's been on the air for a week. What a joke. Anyway, Richard Hoff says the story of Katie Couritt's future has been picked apart more than a dead horse you crab surrounded by a flock of sea girls. However, what's lost in the feeding frenzy is this, correct shouldn't even be seen. Doing so would be a terrible mistake. Absolutely. That's not a lot on CBS for correct anchoring the even news will be a bad move. Even if she gets in 60 minutes work, factor in. And still, she should go to the top interview show route route route. As someone is watching it for a long time, I'll have said, it's clear that while correct is very good a lot of things, and she has to be to be it today. The CBS even he knew is isn't a good fit. Yeah, you gotta be really good to be on today like what's his name? Brian Cumball. Before you start wagging your finger, that says nothing to do with her being a woman headed toward a slime normally held by men. Elizabeth Vargas broke that mold already over the ABC. He's not too bad, Elizabeth Vargas, you like her? She's okay. She's okay. Not great, but she's okay. Don't worry. Rather, it's an assessment of her skills. She's not a debesiting me on this reading a teleprompter. It's easy to summarize with correct not wanting to host a video. Any more, she's been there 15 years. Anyone has been in the same job for long period of time. It's self-destructive repetition. Oh yeah. And to desire to want to do something more challenging. Memble to boss. Anyone but me, of course, he says. Sure, taking the CBS job would offer prestige but a little more. She'd have to share 22 minutes with the talented folks there and have a little chance to spread her wings. See, I thought it was going to say legs, it's his wings. NBC can't give her the anchor job and has a variety of platforms including cable and broadcasts and showcase her network. Rather than hint for the tight confines of it even in newscast, one that's grown lately and has a very short story. Respectable Bob Schiefer but has been hired in third for years. Okay, don't be. Kirk ought to hip up NBC Universal Blossom Blossom. You have a sucker for a talk interview show. I'm sure to in for that. Not just like I do in for that show with the Barbara Walters. What is that the view? Oh yeah. Oh my god. Where does CBS is also writing a documentary unit for her at the network? With that will be in addition to evening news. The talk interview show can be a daytime vehicle or could air in prime time. The date line is long in the tooth NBC could easily give to Kirk the time. It's a format she can have built a wrist rank. She can be serious. She can be goofy. She can do anything she wants. Okay, so Jane Poly, Flunk and daytime talk show field. That doesn't mean Kirk would too. By the way, not everyone agrees with me on this concept. I can't see how that would be much of an improvement said Andrew Tindel had a timelift report which modern newscast in her heart of hearts. There's that again in her heart of hearts. What do you think she wants to be a serious journalist and there's no room for serious journalism the Oprah hour. I see. She's a serious journalist. Katie Kurrick. Kurrick can be serious and talk it to be shows she can crank up the chase of the big interviews with Barbara Walters and Diane Sawyer and look that a way to exploit in that on her own show. Whatever she decides and let's hope it happens soon so this madness over her future ends. She'd be bestier of not stuck behind the CBS evening news anchor. I say stick around. They're no put around the air. Remember how they came in and dragged Howard B. Lothaset? Right. I'm going to do it with that bitch. I was mad as hell. I was mad as hell. I was mad as hell. I was mad as hell. Exactly. 560560. I mean like a tree and then of course the guy said about professional Bob Schiefer. So that tells you about off the bat this guy's an idiot. Probably sleeping with old Bob Schiefer and Bob will even know it. Yeah, if you see in the times if you call about this Katie Kurrick thing no. And you won't. To laugh at it's old old old moldy news because you know that would be like writing anything that isn't about a puff for TV show puppies. Oh and guess what I saw clip of the other night and I wouldn't even sleep in the same bed. Super natural. Oh really? That's not all over the place. It's at least here anyway. It's not all kinds of things. Let's try to fight a slot for it. Are they really? We're just going to help them out. I'm sure he knows what he thinks they have in mind. 560560. Now what did he call me? He said I was a turd. That's bad. So I was a turd because I wanted to tell the truth just this one time. This is one time. He wouldn't do it. 6 to his guns, though, doesn't he? Yes he does. He sticks. He he he he he he he he he. WQA. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Hey, what's up man? First time caller. I just wanted to say that I have been listening to your show for the past 18 years now. I'm 28. My father. Wow. Absolutely. Love you. My mother. Good time. You can be a bit sometimes. Dude, that's what I hear. I know she can't got blood to it. I just wanted call up on you. Don't get a few days ago about South Park. About that douche bag that. Huh. Here we go. Ponymouth. I'm sure he didn't mean anything. I understand that but I'm not. I can't let him go on because you obviously don't even say crap. You know, I can't you can't say crap. Don't you understand that sir? You can't say DB on the air. That's not what the FCC says. This was joy says. And of course our management is so weak. Oh, we don't have our lives. Yeah. How long how long any years is that going to be the excuse? We don't have our land. Beesley's are all worried. Yeah. Well, guess what? I'm not the one that put for well on the year. I'm not the one that puts stern on the year. But I'm the one that's got to take the fall off from it. Okay. I'm the one that's got to have his ball tight in the knot. It would little pink red ribbon on it because of that. It's not a management in this radio station because the ownership of this station They're like idiots. That's your idiots over there. I'll take their money. Okay. At least the chef's cash when they show up. They are in the salesman. Yeah. Is this like a kid keeps stealing cookies out of the cookie journal. All of a sudden, Daddy says, you know, you do that again, John, I'm going to like beat the crap out of you. And guess what? That night five a clock that comes home for more. And John, he's different as sticking it up there on a chair. And he's got his hand in the cookie jar. Well, guess what? Yeah. I'm going to make it again. How many times do you have to make this same mistake before you finally learn? You don't understand? You clowns over there for Christ's sakes. Am I right? I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal this to find that. Yeah, that's sort of an enough of a lesson. But no. No. In fact, it would be like maybe dad hired the cookie police to come to the hospital every day. And after the cookie police, and the kids starts hopping up on the chair ten times a day. Well, maybe the kid must be a retard or he's just died on the glue conference for punishment. Maybe that's it. A glue time for punishment. What am I talking about? It's called all this because the pork I said DB on the air. Sorry, pal. I can't say it tragic. You can say you can say it's separate. You can say, oh, what to do? You know, that's right. That's not by the afores. Mm-hmm. Or you can say, hey, it's in the bag. Like, mow would say it's in the bag. Oh, no, no, no, no. You can't say it within like 10 syllables of each other. Or else we get juiced. And so you said that that should be real good lesson. And then we can't say anything. Right. Oh, but go on there and nice comeback there at a rate of it. It's America. We have any audience left for Christ's taste. We can't say crap. And that's the honest aggride truth. In fact, that's one of the 10 words left on list that we can still say. That's why I say it a lot because you never know what are going to like cut that. Cut the crap. In fact, with this stuff, but I'm sure they never got to cut the crap. They just can't stop. Crap is part of their less than common. Crap is their middle name. It's the crap and beeslees. That's what it's all about. So what am I going to talk to Joe Bell about it, too? We're going to go through the same dog and pony show again. The same dog and a dance. I don't know if you can explain it. It is for you. Yeah, I don't want anybody to agree with you. Do you understand? Then do nothing about it. You know, you can do it. I can do it. Just what? You can make sure you and Josh get taken care of it. He's already taken good care of you. Have any of that. I feel it. Find nothing. By ignoring you guys by like stonewalling. Even the fags in the york never saw a stonewall like this one. So what's the point of talking to somebody when you know that everything is going to I agree with everything you're saying. You're fine. I don't want to hear about it. Just leave me alone. Can't you do that? Can you leave me alone? We're doing just fine. Ten to two. Before ten. I mean, well, that's another story. And after two. I mean, you know. And he's got this and that memo. That was the end. That was the, did I tell you the day that came out? That was the end. When we get a memo from our juvenile from our overgrown child program director that two of his little boyfriends there and that's a triumvirate are the programming mavens and they're running the show. That's all. We already knew that but to put it in print to put it in the memo and and then try everybody to rub our noses in it. I can still smell it. Oh, God. I've been even the elephant there at the old as well. Shopshell better than that. Combined with the sawdust. Boy, that make a nice aroma. Put you in a coma. See, this is what pressed in hand. All his problems lately. God is punishing him. Sometimes he's a little bit slow, but sooner or later. Oh, God. It's around him if that payback is a bitch person. Forcing us this stuff. There was a spotlights trying to write in my face. Sweating like a pig with those elephants and I saw this with that show. That free-wing circus right in front of us. And of course now at least it's consistent. We're working on three-wing circus. At least you guys. Other than that elephant girl was really hot. How do I couldn't see through the haze? Yeah. I made it a part. Now, but you did 24, 2, 5, 60, WQM hate away. Maybe before we do the break. As tensions increased, I was going to do this like a spot. Well, nice of all we haven't got any. As tensions increased between the US and Iran, US and Teldon's and Tarrers and Meshrede, Nilsali Shorthar, Brace today. And the trade trade. Let's see, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, this hour. 6, excuse me. 3, 6. 6. We got more trade minutes to start. Then we got a pace spot on it. Nice job there, baby. And of course the new guy. Well, he just came in. He's still going to speak with. Everybody's getting wet. I thought that's what happened when Greg Wizard. This is real Ryanus. This is 5, 16, 16, 18, 18, 18. He knows everything was there because he needed this now. He's still in the wilderness, but because he's still in the  unknown area of stillisation. Either he Arcade in outright km points and then he can have tea, so not just about coming out. You have a greatInterview isn't it? Time for goodnight to take a closer look. Just enjoy. I'm's doing a ridiculously gross roaster dude. Aigoo leads to work starving, We're going to be a little bit more. We're going to be a little bit more. We're going to be a little bit more. We're going to be a little bit more. We're going to be a little bit more. We're going to be a little bit more. We're going to be a little bit more. We're going to be a little bit more. We're going to be a little bit more. We're going to be a little bit more. We're going to be a little bit more. We're going to be a little bit more. We're going to be a little bit more. We're going to be a little bit more. We're going to be a little bit more. 24 or 16, no two. We got Kimbo Capra come online to analyze and do a strategy on whatever 2 o'clock. And they were evolving and do it two to four. And we're pretty embarrassed about that whole thing. But nevertheless, this is this new, this is mismanagement at her very best. As tension decreases, what I started before I'd wrapped it myself, right? You got me all whipped up into a frenzy. Not sure just before that important call to a clock. the crees between I think that's your plan. Is that your game plan to try to give me like all whipped up in the screaming in the on. That's it. I've been. As tens of the crees between the US and Iran, US intelligence and terrorism experts say they believe Iran were responding, US military strikes on its nuclear sites. By deploying its intelligence, operatives and has bold, odd teams to carry out terrorist attacks worldwide. Somebody I know a great philosopher once said, poking the hornets to the game is what that would be. Or that said whack. Iran would not attack against US targets inside Iraq, where Iranian intelligence agents already are plundiful, predicted these experts. There's also a growing consensus that Iran's agents would target civilians in the US, Europe and elsewhere. And who was always screaming about his volumbo. Where was that old Bobby Graham and that woman and just carrying out like a mania? And about how Iran was like a hundred times more dangerous, but nobody would listen to him. Guess what the major movie studios are doing today? Nothing. They're making movies available for downloading the same day they released on DVD, but much, much more expensive. Their significant step in Hollywood's tentative migration to the internet. The movie pans will pay for the convenience downloadable movie such as Verass mounting, King Kong and Pride and Prejudice, they cost as much as twice what the DVD versions do entirely on a personal computer. Nobody just can't be rented online. Just purchased. What does that mean? Can't be rented online. I wonder what is that? I don't think the lake is. No. And by the way, something. Yeah, would I pay for something that I could only watch on my PC? Why would I pay twice as much for that? Yeah, you're a little, I mean, I got a nice monitor here, but it's, uh, you're not that big, you know? Right? Why would you buy a DVD that you could only play in one player for it? Well, that way, I think it's, I would say, was April or May when that, uh, to achieve this coming out to HD DVD? I forgot. Keep reminding me. I want to be like, uh, I want to go right out and get it. Although the movies that are available at listed to give it, well, what, it's crap. Don't worry. You know, it's like with everything. Well, so there's no rush. Right. The constraints on services from movie Lincoln, cinnamon hour, let's say it's a central world that economics play in the evolution of home video distribution. Huh? As the experiment with offering online video on demand, studios are keeping prices, Heinrich Strixon stuff. So they don't alienate retailers who's DVD sales sub-broad development, majority of the revenue. I'll take the DVD thank you. Any day, right? Right. I don't want to sit here on my ass. I mean, if it's, you know, like, like loose chain, you'll sit here watching on my PC. That's fine. Can enjoy it. Right. You think they're watching how dare you not watch that? How dare you not read our news to it? How dare you not contribute a few books to our, uh, vanipere rescue? How dare you, uh, all of these things? That's what I want to comment. What a joke. I think you have a lot of cuts about it. No, just a gigantic ego. Just the biggest in the world, you know, I've never seen it. And of course, those are a lot of feed it, you know, keep feeding it, feeding it, feeding it, just the sad, very sad. I mean, like the deen used to say, Alan Burke. Only he was joking with when I'm on the air. Nobody else needs the iron, but he was joking, you know? He was a good guy. It was just, there was this, his stick. Now, we're not even reaching 300 news stories in the most, I think we're going to dump these stories here. You know, we dumped the, uh, we just dumped the website, stuff for the poll. Just do a poll on there, be there. Now, let's keep those stories coming on. Empty envelopes, man. Empty. In fact, I'll send your whole ear supply. I'll send you the mail this weekend. Coming up. Hold your supply of envelopes. Battle bruises, porn was in the mainstream. This is what they're reading today off our website, because it's got the word porn in it. Oh, the industry's VIPs, Mingle, political gailas and Super Bowl parties are probably available on cell phones, podcasts, and especially the internet's. There is an attraction like no other, patronized by tens of millions of Americans. It's porno. And if you think you're a consumer, John, a hammer, thinks you're damaging your brain. Well, screw you, John. I wonder if he's getting the Tommy hammer I doubt it. Tom, Homer, make Mickey McImmakerville's brother-in-law. Palmer's part of a cadre of anti-pornexivistic new tactics to find unprecedented day YouTube porn, which they see as wrecking countless marriages and warping human sexuality. You see porn is wrapping countless marriages? That's not good. Not good. That ain't good at all. They're urging federal prosecutors to pursue more of 70 cases and raising funds for high-tech brain research that they hope will fuel loss of against porn magnum. Maggots. We don't think it's a loss cause that Homer a Utah-based auto-executive and former politicians have been fighting porn for 40 years. Utah, or all those polygamous star, who are making babies like even when their daughters are making more babies. Purverts, the worst. It's the most prominent, and those polygamous you didn't see that show? Oh, brother. Oh, yeah. That was something. It's the most profitable industry in the world. He said that I'm convinced we didn't straighten the non-too-distant future of the actual physical arm and pornography causes and hold them financially accountable. That could be the straw that breaks their back. That could be the jack straw that breaks the porn old people back. Those purverts, you know, like algal stein used to be. All the other ones. The activist adversary is a sprawling industry that by some counsel offers more than four million porn sites on the internet. That just in the US alone is estimated to be worth $12 billion a year. So obviously nobody wants it. Attacking firm commiscore media metrics is about 40% of internet users in the US. Visit all sites each month. What do you mean each month? How about each hour? Look at this audience, each minute. porn products are featured in the popular sex expositions in retail chain such as Hustle Hollywood. Yeah, it's Larry Flint. What a guy. Made your hotels provide in room porn and doll film stars in our mainstream celebrities. Mary Carrie attended the VIP Republican fundraising Washington, Midmarch as we told you, Jenna Jamison's how to make love like a porn star hit the best cellar list and she hosted a racie launching a presuppable party in Detroit in February. Maybe there's a comeback for what's your name? Kathy Willis, you think? No. No. That. Exactly. As much as there is a national consensus on the evils of Kitty porn, there's not whatsoever on porn featuring adults in market with them. It's more pervasive than ever in activists and experts disagree bitterly over the extent of harm it causes. The former vendor team of the pro-Muslims had Paul Cambry, General Counsel for the porn and the species at all, Freedom Foundation. Their individuals are going to react at normally to normal material, but it's not a problem for the average person. For every couple driven apart by porn, there are other surrogation chipers in live. And he said, he dismissed intentions that porn is highly addictive or brain damaging. Some people lie about a Cambry, said, so we're excusing personnel. Personally, unacceptable conduct. It wasn't me. It was porn. The porn done it. The dog done it. I watched the dog do it and then I done it. Such attitudes in fury at experts on the other side of say online porn is as addictive as crack cocaine. Online porn, crack cocaine, how about online gambling? Here on the gambling channel. The internet is the perfect liver system for anti-social behavior. It's free and perfect in your house at Mary Ann Leaden. A psychologist, an addiction expert at the University of Pennsylvania. Internet porn is probably the biggest miseducation system we can devise in terms of sexuality and misuse of women. She says, well, I'm not, you have to worry about that. She says, many of her patients rather than improving their sex lives, would porn suffer sexual dysfunction and stay. And it's not your father's porn. They said, psychologists, they would green field of Connecticut. With a little bit of no effort, as long as you have a computer and ask them some of the most stimulating content on the planet. There's no delay. Nope. I'm person watching. It's designed to be very quick and get you to a point where you're not in full control. You're not in full control. Yeah. Oh my god. Wow. Some of the stuff that I've seen on there, I'd like to be in full control but like I'm a sheen gun and blowing the screen on. Wow. Kind of make you want to play that. Do you think I'm sexy by Rod Stewart? Most of these people on there are about a sexy, I would say, run Stewart or maybe even more. A little bit, not much. How's that pull coming? We got 766. And we didn't start this one till like 830 this morning. If we could have had a thousand, if you would have started yesterday. I wasn't available to do that because I wasn't here. I was busy coming back from Niagara Falls from the casino. Pleasure in my guts. Living and breathing people, man. You ought to see it in there. Like, wedding their honeymoon couples. Really? Yeah. Young people in there like wedding at our seedows and gown. Some of those sort of a guys and gown. What do you think? It's a real Roger. You have this. It's 5. 16. 2. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 7. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. I should have put also the Bible for last. We should have separated that like for serious. Let's cut a way. I stepped Karen's guide out there. Farewell to God 54 Charles Templeton, read it or our week. Rise and follow the third. 47. Boy Scots manual 28. Teach out a lie. Out from our managers to abide by that. He's for by. The Da Vinci code 23. Mobile Dick 21. I mean, mobile. 21. Fair night. 4. 5. 11. 13. That's an outstanding. And the shrug. Thanks, Eric 13. Ken's Guide to the Bible for all you heavens out there. 13. You will burn in hell if you read it. That's right. Toes. Countdown on Equisto 7. 7. Bush's brain six. All the presents. Men six. The godfather six. Solament they say. And to truth about very. Bones and steroids. Only five. Day. Van Boring. Socks. Bye. Bye.