That's my junior honey. Oh, I have E-rex readers for Charlie Jesus Christ. In May, June, July, July, July, July, July, July. So when I left them little too high, my index finger got stuck in the crystal dancing ball. Jesus Christ is hanging there for what it seemed like forever, with my finger in the crystal dancing ball screening. Christ tells me that Charlie came along and pulled it out and my finger too. Jesus Christ is going of course, he is not just asking what how you will tell. He's a delicious, juvenile child candidate. Why in North Florida, the Guru is just loving. Because they know he's a member in good standing with the gay old hiding. How are you feeling? I'm feeling so deeply proud of you all. This message paid for by Charlie Jesus Christ for governor. My voice is low enough. Look how many votes we got on the poll right now, 790. Oh, coincidence? How do you like making that? Wow, that amazing. So the big room around town according to... Finally, Castro did. Dead tired, dead tired. You know, look to good. John Vene is dead too, she's still dead. What are so much crap going on? You know, for the big room around that cross is straight over there, it's 790, the ticket, the station at very Jack-ass and Jim and Sarnie were so whipped up into our friends. He was on the front pages of all the newspapers. They're going to kick you ass and all this other crap. And then they've lost 8 billion dollars since they started this little sports adventure there. Of course, that doesn't count all the millions that they're going to lose during this upcoming football season, which starts very very soon. Medians mole on the offense. But anyway, so the rumor is that March 1st, they pull the plug. Jefferson, Paul's the plug and that's the end of that experiment, because they don't necessarily say, Oh, no, it's not a station anyway, they're leasing it. They're like part-time renters. That's the rumor around town according to... And his moles over there are crosses, street. How do you like that? What are we going to scratch about then? What are the excuse for? I'm sure somebody else will start another sport. That's right, because we have like 15 stations doing sports talk, just imagine all the millions of listeners that will bring this sports talk radio, so says, Ray Perry. Oh, Ray, get yourself some help before it's too late, please. Pretty pleased. So that's what we're hearing. Now, you know what I'm thinking? What are you thinking? I'm thinking that once the March 1st comes around, you know, it all depends on how Kenny Walker doesn't have a morning with Kimba Boa, camper. All of a Kenny Walker does pretty good. Maybe we'll have, uh, we can get Joe Rose back with, uh, wouldn't that be something? That would be something. Send Kimba back down to sit by the Moocowen from the University Dodge. How would you think? Oh, sorry, I wasn't listening. I'm cutting some paper. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So what was that business about Brittany's, the second kid was ill, it was, uh, unexpected? Yeah, I don't know. I guess they weren't, uh, planning for it. What's that all about? We're going to be playing the votes already on the pool. We haven't even, uh, barely got our ass at warm here on the chair. That's pretty good. Pretty pretty good. We'll get our 1000 minute easy. So, you know, it's going to happen now. Another we put this stuff there on here. Of course, they're going to be all the denial. I was like, oh, no, that neo-rojury is just spreading rumors. He just made, and I did say it was a rumor tonight. I just said, really the fact that I said, there's a very strong rumors. Start up at your hash card. It's going around. All the strong is the one that Castro is going to be dead any day. Now, which one do you think is going to have the biggest party in Broward? We know it's going to have a big party in day. They've Castro Cruz, but in Broward, they might have a big party of the ticket dies. The dead ticket, because they've lost $8 million in the other part of the rumor was that Joel Findberg's daddy has taken over the reins from a Joel, because he does even, I want to stop the bloodbath, stop the bloodletting of all the cash going through the, I don't know how he's going to do that. So maybe that's one of the reasons that there seems to be like, I don't know, a cathartic situation going on over there. Do you know what I mean? Of course, if you had numbers at all, it began with probably one of what PoloPlo2. It didn't add something. I was speaking of dead things, we saw the ticket, and by the way, Orlando, if what do you say about shyly, we always just started, did you hear that line? No. Yeah, he said, he was going out thanking all of the 85 people that work on Hank Show in the morning. Try maybe always just started, yeah, he didn't play the tape back. Did he say that trash? Yeah, I think he did. Yeah, always just done. If he's such a stud, how come he's not over there fighting for the Israeli army? He's already done his time. Yeah. No, I'm serious. If he's such a hot stud, how come he's not over there? He's a hero. He's a hero. His bullies, huh? The dead already did his time for him. Yeah, likely story. Two wars. Coward. He's got the pins. Anyway, he didn't care about that. But the bulldozer of Kirby's dead. Yeah, that's sad. I'm under the seat of Governor vacuum cleaners. I think the same family, yeah. Bruno Kirby, you know, I'm here. Although, you know, something his father, Bruce Kirby, was a famous actor, which I never heard of neither. Did you? But I googled him there, I am the V. And boy, he had a lot of credits. He made a 4,000 movies. How do you know that? Did he made about 4,000 movies? Not Bruno, I'm talking about Bruce Kirby. Oh, his father, no, I thought you were talking about Bruno, no, I never heard of this father. Bruno Kirby, head of a character who started a co-star didn't want Harry Met Sally, when Sally got Harry. City slickers and many other films died. He was only 57, a hurtable pup. Kirby died yesterday in LA from complications related to leukemia. According to a statement from his wife, Liz Sellers. I wonder if she's kind of Peter Sellers. Or the a drovered, competent part Tom Sells. He had recently been diagnosed with a disease. Kirby was for Festa, and for his roles opposite Billy Crystal. and 1989's when here a Sally Met Harry and 1999's City Slikers. Other film credits included, Good Morning Vietnam, and of course, Donnie Brasco and Godfather Part II. Played Young Clemenza. That's right. That was a great scene when they stole a cardboard. That's very important character. Very important. He's the one that got him into it in the first place. Yeah. He's the one that got Don Vito Corriol right in May. I'll have Mabin. I'll have these guns all that time. Although quite frankly, when you stop and think about it, I mean, how much did Bruno Kirby look like? I know people change a lot from their youth to when they get older. Especially when they get fat. You know what I'd say? That's a good point. And of course, can we ever forget the great line from Clemenza? Leave the gut. Take the canoes. More recently, Bruno Kirby played a film. How do you do that, by the way? It's amazing. I like all of you. Well, by the way, we got something else exciting. You said the rumor about the ticket going out of business March 1. Wait to hear this. Trump, it sounds. It's a tube gun. We can't, well, it says on here, a trombone actually. Oh, okay. Excuse me. We're getting your horses straight now. That's tough. They're quick. Anyway, we can't play Fartsons because you have a nervous crap about that. But we can play trombone sounds for sure because it's like a music. Why not? Anyway, more recently, Bruno Kirby played film. Rubenstein on the HBO series on to rise. We're incredibly grateful for the art pouring support. We've received from Bruno as fans and colleagues who have admired respect to the work of the past 30. Not turned in the air. It's as wife Lin said. Bruno's spirit will continue to live not only in his rich body of film and TV, but also to be lives of individuals he touched throughout his life. He's dead. And there's a picture of him here with a young Leo de Caprio. Let's tell him we'll be where they end together. Or maybe they're just hanging out together. He just gives me filthy, Leo. I just see him and I get very upset. You know, they're just certain people like that. You know, he's one of them. Yes. He's one of the foremost ones. I just see him and I just start clinging my teeth and the buds start skipping out of my tongue and I start making all kinds of gutterable sounds. Eight hundred and seventy three votes. I'm George is pulled from me yesterday. What's your take on evolution? And of course, if you listen to the show very much, you realize that it's a work in progress, but evolution has had taking place very slowly. Yeah, you drew that. Oh yeah, we're here to prove that. Eight hundred seventy three votes. It's a proven observable. In fact, that's what I voted because it is 536. So I'm saying, is today Thursday is right, Leo. It's only a theory that the best one we have, 193. They're like people who say they're agnostic, like George. Right, right? That's it. Be the round of boards. I want to come right out and just, uh, certain themselves and say, this is a fact. Okay, it's not a theory. We see it. It happens. That's right. Right in front of our very eyes. Just take a look at, uh, what's his name, Patrick? You ain't. Well, maybe those people just don't really understand science and how it works. And, you know, there he goes with that devil crap again. All right, by the way, I can't wait to get to that story about the, from the, uh, independent I could have seen great newspaper. John Prescott, the deputy prime minister of England says that George Bush is, and I'm quoting directly now. George Bush is, oh, yeah. Oh, no. Oh, yeah. Oh, what are what Bush thinks about that? Oh, anyway, and 173 votes on George's poll yesterday. It's only a theory that the best one we have won 93. Any theory about the original life is as valid as any other 54. Whatever that means. Uh, you know, a couple of those, just kind of sound the same, you know, put it together. Right. Only the Bible's account of creation is correct. 52, all the God squad they're ready to get him. The Bible, yeah. On the first day he took a good light a leak in the second day. It's a theory that no more, uh, that's no more relevant until the design 20. Oh, the ID crowd. We got to ID them and come to their house and blow their brains out of where could it find where they were. It's a false evidence by Darwin and agent of the devil. Now we're getting closer to the meat of the matter 18. You know, he was an agent of the devil. I was like a devil in the evening. Okay, more good news from Iraq. We always get this out of the way to beginning of the show because nobody's paying any attention to it anymore, especially. Now, how convenient that they finally caught this guy who evidently who claims that he killed John Van A. And that's amazing how lotion the neo-con Nazis. They just keep the following of a bucket of like the John Prescott say, crap. Because now John Van A is on every, uh, I mean 247 coverage. Now just air we know we're human on the, uh, Kamakama Kamakama comedian channel. Careful. File is around Iraq left 30. But third man. People dead yesterday. Two car bombs exploded on a commercial street and central bag dead killing 13 wounding 43. Earlier, a bomb detonated in the street market and central bags dead. And also it's just a killing 9 wounding 24. In Mosul, north of Baghdad, six gunmen were killed in two wounded during fire fights for the wrecky security forces. And it goes on. Over 2600 dead American soldiers by the way, not the name by talking about it. Because we went from that to the Israeli conflict over there that the bush might just set up. And that didn't work out to well at all. Even with maybe a shy leave you would have been over there. He'd have put the Israelis over the edge. But anyway, that didn't work out to well. So then we went to the terror plot in the UK and the liquids on the plane, including that crazy bitch yesterday, which will eventually get around to her. And that didn't work out to well because now they're all kinds of suspicions about the timing of it. And the fact that the bush people pushed Blair under like going ahead with the arrest to prematurely and may have screwed up part of the investigation. So everything they touched turns brown, you know? Like brown, he brown. He had to be a job brownie. Everything turns to like such brown. And so now thank God. Finally, we get them off the hook. We get all that other bad news off the air front pages. Off the TV talking head. We got the job money. More sure we need to consider about John Boney. Every day. John Boney. And you all in a apology by the way. I'm going to tack up post it. No, toward the tombstone. I got no fear. You ain't feeling any pain. Tell me about the pain. See, then that business. You being the relentless bastard that you are. You probably will play that. Yeah. So I'm going to beat him the party. If that's it, it's a meal rotters. This is five, sixteen, two, eight. You're a fan. My dad's not me. He made me win. He's a guy. I won. When I was young and he went. He loved me. I left him by my daddy. Oh, who was the one who loved me? I was a kid, a kid. It got a meaty oven. He made me win. I'm a co-man, do now. I'm a co-man. He beat me. He beat me. He beat me. He put me out there home. And that's what he did to go. He's a fan. Oh, who's the commoner now? So they're gonna let him go. My dad's not me. No. He made me win. He made me win. He made me win. He made me win. He made me win. He made me win. He made me win. I met my dad, my dad, my dad. I met my dad. My dad, my dad. My dad. No. Well, we're no ordinary. And you always feel like them. I still remember parents. Even though parents used to have some people. I'm not just a pageant people. They're in the first of all. The reason that everybody thought they were guilty. You want to know what the reason was because they act in guilty. Sure. They act in guilty as hell and they don't want to cooperate with the police. cooperate with the police and just by their behavior by the ambiance of their actions. Everybody thought they'd done it. Plus the border police didn't know they're asked for my elbow. And now this guy comes along. A former American school teacher said, are you cracking your knuckles again? No, I was uncapping a water bottle. Oh. Then that sounded like he was cracking. You know what sounded like to me just like this? A former American school teacher said publicly Thursday he was with John, but he was with John Bonay Ramsey when she was, this is one of the strange things I have ever seen in my life. I'm not so sure if it's a dude or a dude else. What is it? But he was with John Bonay when she was killed and called a six year old's death in accident. A stunning admission that should help answer ten years of questions in the unsolved murder case. Just like now if John, if I said buddy would have thought about that, those were all accidents. Oops. He'd still be with us today. John Mark Carr 41 will be taken into Colorado where he'll face charges of first degree murder, kidnapping, and child sexual assault. I was with John Bonay when she died John Mark Carr told reporters afterward, visibly nervous and stuttering as he spoke. Her death was an accident. Asked if he was innocent of the crime, Carr said, no. No. But it was an accident. Somebody got hurt. Carr confessed to the killing after his arrest yesterday. It is downtown Bangkok apartment by Thai and American of Thurbury said Lieutenant General Sumpana, that's the name with 800 letters, head of Thailand's immigration police. Now that I got asked my dinner job down, I'm sure we're not going to try this one. He said Carr insisted his crime was not first to be murdered, but that she died during her kidnapping attempt that went awry. He said it was second to be murdered. He said it was unintentional. He said he was in love with the child. He was a pageant queen. So why is it? Ultimately it was money. It was funny. You know what they say. It takes one to no one because he looks like a real queen to me. Nevertheless, Carr to time he didn't have a wife. You know, did he? Carr to climb to see what his connection to the Ramsey family was. He was dressed in turquoise polo shirt and khaki trousers. That was not important. Who who who wears this from? This is from Moldaharol. Well, but it's from the associate of press dressed in a turquoise polo shirt and khaki trousers he appeared at action with an expressionless look on his face, which I'm sure each and every one of you seen eight million times already this morning and last night it's all over the place. And you know, they bring in all these people on to be interviewed who had said that the Ramsey didn't do it. One of them that can start bringing all the people on from the National and Quarra and the others who were like Neil and the rest of the wall like us. I will see them to them. And attorney for the Ramsey now, wait to hear this. I don't know if you heard where he's from. No. And attorney for the Ramsey family said yesterday, Carr, once lived near the family in Coniors, Georgia. Oh, Coniors, Georgia. That's where the Virgin Mary showed up on the side. That's right, building that time. Remember that not too many years ago. And the pilgrims, the God-fearing pilgrims from all across America were slipping to Coniors, Georgia, to take a pig, a pig at the Virgin Mary. But before they could get there, she showed up on the under that overpass in Chicago. Wednesday's arrest was a surprise development in one of America's most lucrative murder cases which is left a cloud-assist fish and over her family after years went by with no arrests. Some fear the case would never be solved. WKOM. Hello. John Van Eyeline. Yeah, I speak to Neil. Speaking. Yeah, you know, this guy's, this guy's wife already said this. He was with her when that murder happened. This guy is in Stirby's doing. It's just a lot of embarrassed people trying to cover their asses. And that's how the sounds like to me. Yeah, I don't really buy anything. And I also have a problem with that song you just played. Yeah. I couldn't understand enough of the words. Well, that's probably just as well. No, no, no. Okay, they're just keep, just keep what they call. In case the come to take you as away. Striking video images of the blind-haired girl in trial-viewed page and cell-propeller case and where the highest pro-filementaries in the USA, a university of Colorado spokesman, Barry Hartman said journalism professor Michael Tracy communicated with Carver so a month of contact with police. The university spokesman said he didn't know what prompted Tracy to become suspicious of Car. Tracy produced a documentary in 2004 called Hukio Jambane, a woman who went to the phone at a number under his name said he didn't live there no more. His office phone mailbox was full. The Ramses learned the police were investigating Car at least a month before June death of John Bene's mother, Patsy. I think he's just a Patsy, who died from over-reem cancer. In a statement yesterday, Father John Ramsey said that if his wife had lived to see Car's arrest, she would no doubt have been as pleased as I am with the ladies of all men after 10 years. You did it, John. You done it. In fact, let's play that again. Car was quoted as saying he tried to kidnap John Bene for $118,000 ransom, but that is planned with a riot and he's straggler. And of course, Patsy talked about finding the ransom note, which we know that she wrote it. He said at one point that John Bene's Perth's run to an umbrella office is sufficient in this line, and that some news accounts cast a sufficient on John Bene under the older brother Burke, but the Ramses insisted that Trudor killed her daughter no one was ever charged. There is a thing in here about the wife somewhere in this story. One of these took at 4,000 stores on us, but do we really care now? He didn't have a wife, you know, or does. It's not worth looking for it. So there you go. There's the believe it or not. All the fans, I don't really care. There she'd been there long time now, right? Right. You care? No. 876 votes on today's poll. And let's see if they care. Well, it's kind of like in the middle of the pack. Which of these people places or things do care about the least? The least. American Idol 146, celebrity poker 100 and... About 30, man. 130. A very impressive second watching people play cards on television. What are you trying to tell us? I have no line. That's obvious. Lance, bass, 160, Lance. You're fair. Wow. Only one thing to say about him. Britney Spears 98, you know her second kid was like on-tanned. Really wanted? How does that happen? I'm surprised they didn't throw it in the dumpster. Religion 73, Fidel Castro 47, that's insensitive. Stand. I hate this pool 46. They like the pools. Only 5% hate it. That's pretty good for this very, uh... Tough to please crowd. Now Gibson 34 is real is got about 30, man. I think you like that. Where are clogged? Terror alert's 26 is now what the... The plumber says. What the plumber and the plumber and the can. What are they call like? Uh... Liquid plumber? Yeah, that's the guy. The liquid plumber. How do you bowl? Man. Florida Panthers 25. Based on the business. John Van A. Ramsey 23. See that 23 you did. It could care about her less. I would join that crowd. I just... Gerald 423. He's a florist. Him and Ariel Jerome are not doing really well. Of course Jerry Ford, he's been his only 93 years old. He's been punished for partying Nixon. Remember those days? Yep. Post-watergate. Nixon could have rotted in Crook in jail and steady was on the outside. He's still crook. And Gerald 4 just... he's 93. That's such a thing that's old enough. Sure. That's enough Jerry. Shack 21. F***. Dolphins 21. The Marlins 18. Iraq, only 9. And Solomon Thinaway and politics only 2. And look how many votes are on that pool right now. 8. 8. Wow. Sounds like what I did yesterday. Really? 8. 8. 9. Yeah. He's a little dreamfields-pastious. Okay. That's all right. And so did you. I mean, he's anything bad. Anything that all that bad had some dreamfields. But a nice, first-eye brown, some nice brown beef. And then I got some and I traded the like taco cheese. You know what I made like a chili mac? Or a Jimmy Mac. This is Neil Rogers. This is five-to-teachy-a-s. Since the day in you can eat a hungry dictator. Hi, I'm Sally Struggers for me. The dictator's foundation. Each day, as opposed to radical leader, goes hungry to bring attention to what he says is an unfair child. We're here to help. As we need the dictator's, your money goes directly to poor speed. One of the world's most evil men likes the dom. You come on make me, I won't lie. If you sponsor a dictator, you'll receive a picture of your dictator in his self, just in his underwear. Yeah. Sponsored. Thanks for the tidy-wideies. Now, it's time to end. For less than a cup of coffee, your dictator will be fed and able to stand trial until he is convicted and executed. Call of the dictators foundation today because a dictator's life is too precious for him to take. That's our job. So when I'm reading about this John Mark car, he's his wife, founder of Worse. He's a former president of Worse. He's a former president of Worse. He's a former president of Worse. He's a former president of Worse. He's a former president of Worse. He's a former president of Worse. He's a former president of Worse. He's a former president of Worse. He's a former president of Worse. He's a former president of Worse. He's a former president of Worse. He's a former president of Worse. He's a former president of Worse. He's a former president of Worse. It's a while ago when he starts to be lifted first in this book. Sure. Wow. Ted Beethoven's president. That's a technically sale. On an experiment, a commited speaker in the class with a book. Our subject students are hundreds of classmates about how much money a parent has? dari 40 Nurts and 30 Hurts With him. He's from East Eastrée. So much money. G Bigz. and infection in both lungs is you are not put it also decreased significantly and doctors were treating him with broad spectrum and aboticin steroids there is no change to justify the new statement that they told the associate of press yesterday his condition is stable if you know where to keep the horses stable like cartoon i'm not gonna raise him you know cartoon nevertheless okay i'll see we did the pool i just look a little more in john mark car their because everybody in their brothers going to be talking about that and you notice i did take a call did you notice that i did first one in a long time on this show don't count on too many more today if that one's gonna be the verometer for the rest of you know what i mean don't worry about nine judges favor line this is probably i don't know yeah i know it was your five years daddy common making face sounds wqa m hello yes sir hey welcome back thanks i was watching nightline last night and uh... ramping online yeah i find verbal workers and she was interviewing rambi yeah and he went on to take the think of department of homeland security for helping in the case but i was what they're doing i know they're not secure in a country so now we know what they're doing during nine eleven a month and working on the style many of case yeah we find out what i'll be great okay thanks for the bull and call that was a good call say i told you i just i can feel it man i can sense it in my toes he was good who kills tell many of hey sell you farewell anyway all i was speaking a radio news because they give you didn't do it at the very beginning there's quite a rumor that uh... josh court is discerning now my sports mention that you're the one today of us information not go for a man okay well i mean nobody flew in uh... the station told me so i'm sure anyway trumpets and not far time that doesn't sound like far to anyway so that the trouble so that it knows the i said like a trambler it is anyway here's a radio news march first the ticket goes uh... i don't know whether you play Ukrainian melodies are sure not going to be doing no more sports march first according to the rumor that we're hearing anyway that you will find brews daddy has taken over the rains across the street of the ticket he's taken the rains out of the hands just like somebody ought to do to mariam told it on par par takes the rains out of that ladies hands and give this somebody who can drive in anyway sorry mariam but the quote with a clover teen uh... and so the bottom line is that uh... they're just uh... going to the dolphin season and of course josh had a good point about why it's got to be marched first because of the dolphins made the super bowl oh yeah they want to be on the air doing their sports through that anyway that's right so what does that what does that mean what is that for ten for where the dolphins are going to go following the coming season like his next year good question don't tell me we're going to get him back and at a much reduced rate by the way cos it all's going to want i guess it's either us or i o d right i mean a m radio there is no more a m radio no name me name me another radio station why do we count to square america because nobody even calls on w i n z anymore the tanger colors back but nobody knows that but name me another a m radio station in the market that this big it in lace can't do it can you i can't name the early a m radio station in the market w i o d w i m ar america which is w i n z all right f t l the light bulb which is a fifty which used to be as something else which if he had used to be fourteen and then there's that station in mr ego works on that nobody can't know where it is on the down no was certainly nobody knows what the call it is art and that's it so speaking a radio former radio one k k b t Los Angeles program director Tom calacocchi has finally revealed his new mystery gig he's been named operations manager of b'sley rhythmic power ninety six in Miami oh my god w p o w that man would be proud of those colors wouldn't he? okay in this newly created position calacocchi will work closely with long time power player slash p d i r a tonney to tiger wolf all this time i never knew what that was name was i r a wolf you didn't know did you know what his name was? i never knew that how did i know that? i don't know i don't know a few times turned to tiger but i never knew what had the name power's operation manager thought has been vacant since k k k they came to the position about a year ago due to health reasons and for all of us that's new to us we knew that he was long gone but we had no idea what it was all about health reasons do we know what that means? no i heard it has something to do with Anna squeaks recto not really sure she had a shaped lea s that's what k k k k k k k always used to tell us i'm thrilled and very excited about this new venture calacocchi koochi he tells our anara was already planning our retelling and Florida someday oh yeah but i don't think this guy's old enough to be in Florida now i can work there for a while then i'll be right there to catch those early bird specials or even he's already using my material the early bird specials wolf adds time is coming into strength in the already solid team referring to the other stations in the market will said cost w edr has their operations manager clear channel w mi b men in uh... brown has theirs and now we're getting one what can brown do for you? it makes sense we have a kit in the imaginary here or is it makes sense? sure they have a lot of strong people in upper management now it's time for us to do the same thing oh i didn't think these things believed in that strong people in upper level management calacocchi koochi spent over a year up at the beat in the LA before that he programmed radio one sister i think he's the one that killed salmino before that he programmed radio one sister k b x x h season for three years he also has been here with their channels p d a while ago is not where he was before nobody cares balled a mora phoenix he starts his new game next week depending on a foul fast he can drive from LA to my jammy so when a guy comes we'll end their next week your mother who it is now calm calacocchi koochi okay just say uh... well there's only one thing then i would suggest you when he shows up at the door you don't know that's a how did you know that all this is new this by my dad will master younger than ever one this is the most disgusting program i urge everyone to complain to the station did you ever want to do that dumb opportunity please plan to do it you not and you it very fast some Duke and taste the fucking flavor of the room into these feasts and get the stinky stack of gum down to last how many times of you fantasize about Britney Spears well now your dream can come true with Britney Spear mint feat gaw little wands of gawp that stuck the Britney's bear feed as you walk through the streets in New York City to see the main concrete buildings but come live or killed off her feet soon and she found a difficult to walk and carefully package to help make your breath fresh as a subway toilet to do it you we play her up her into this eating deep deeper into this air and deep down 14 to 11 and five six to W2 and we got Curtis Stevenson and two we got Gully for the staff in them Gully alert okay don't say we didn't warn you hurricane hotline from game works at seven or five with the lasagna gate gate works what is game works like a big place you can eat got arcade games stuff like that okay now it's not we got the beast also a game works through on this bad face and etiquette 10 no marlin game they actually pulled a game out yesterday against the dodger not great they pulled it out yeah they crushed what was the score 15 to full 15 to full while they should have saved up some of those runs for a couple of the other games nevertheless so anyway getting back to this john mark car who says that he killed john but i don't believe you believe him his ex wife lara car lara told kgotb in california that she was with her former husband alabama to damage embodies killing doesn't believe her former husband was involved in the homo side she said her ex husband spent a lot of times studying the cases of ramsian polyclass who was abreted from repetitive of california home and uh... killed in 1993 and he liked that also there was something else that was rather uh... interesting and they did they've got like forty five thousand stories on this because this is what we're all supposed to be here concerned about you do understand that don't you sure by how all said police at card been living in a dormant race dog guest house called the blooms in a neighborhood of massage parlors and travel agents that cater to expatriated residents and sex tourists like pedophiles like that you know who used to work in the catholic church and became a good cat like by the way now if you become a good catholic is that mean you have to molest children or is it not necessarily it's optional but you get a good point if you do uh... they say u.s. authorities informed tackly sogis love that in a restaurant have an issue for car and charges of premeditated murder they said cars been very cooperative with authorities shown a variety of emotions here rather than vancoctum six from a lady to look for a teaching job oh yeah teaching job where he could be like with little children or is that so i'm billi-jacraimer and the decoders little children i know some i i pot one thing i thought out about i pot by the way that'll cure if i am an old fart with the i pot uh... on the out of the uh... the required for a rolling i pot is it like music right one of the things i discovered though is you better shut that baby up is a little tiny switch on the top of your iphone the whole switch it's a button locks which yes uh... when you better lock it because if you just really brush up against the you know if you put it into the back on lugging it turns it back on the null of a sudden we get on the plane you ready to enjoy a lot of your favorite tunes you know and the battery is better than a freaking during right then the ticket across the street which is going off the armors first of the brands of uh... and p three players worked it differently so that's just an ipod day uh... see there you go again in p three players now granted it's all the same technology but an ipod is an ipod and p three players and p three players while we're just let you say that until you figure out that you're wrong what do you mean by that and ipod stores and plays on p three's like every other it's got to say that apple brand that's not even a sample brand it's a job and it's slick and it's glitzly and possibly the most finest refines uh... brand of n p three player out there but it has its limitations oh yeah does i can though i have no problem and the white lights are special really well that's good to keep her out of your hair for while i can buy not long enough nine hundred fifty one votes if you get that that i'm telling you if you would just you know to about the any freeze and the in the lime jello or so i could charm to the brigadier it nine hundred fifty one votes which of these people places or things do care about the least american idol hundred sixty two and that's not still on but of course all the eighty five spin off so i guess that's still on is it i wouldn't i think i don't know if it's between seasons right now or what but yeah they get still on i see maybe the could sing sweet seasons like her all king american idol hundred sixty two celebrity poker hundred thirty nine let's watch people play cards on television and hide definition well i wonder what we're gonna get the poker channel a stejai we you already have me it's on a spn oh like i said in that said lance bass 115 gay Brittany spears on hundred and five yet they used to care about her a lot more but since you became these slut that she is today not that they didn't it's not the slut part they don't like just the fact that she's so tainted now i guess she is she's tainted what she used to be that's right religion seventy nine fiddle castro fifty i hate this full forty six mil gifts in thirty six israel thirty three how could you not care about israel are we trelling from israel and the only people that just but you're there in lesbina terror alert thirty thirty but thirty me what i said again they could the cabinet couldn't meet to approve the ceasefire over the weekend because of shavas but the army could still a bomb and kill in maman cut off a supply routes for the uh... really fade stuff like that although all those good religious things you know that good uh good from people do jambony ramsy thirty and terror alert thirty their tide i think there's a thirty me seven time there in fact it wouldn't surprise me that she might have grown up to be a terrorist you know when it comes right down to it that's what happens to the kids when you force them when you abuse your children like that and force them to be in beauty parents right people that make their kids go and beauty parents and so people ought to be like neutered at the very at the very least drawn in court and neutered not necessarily that order so the panthers twenty nine could care less shack twenty five go care about all the way well come uh not that far away i thought we just finished with the hockey and basketball anyway and other summers gone by fast much too fast for my life and but didn't we just finish with that crap i mean you know why they're long seasons you know she's sweet seasons shavas twenty five jury four twenty four he also as they say in Norway is off source he's not in good shape he's back in a hospital although you know i never saw any follow up on that did you know so that's when it was like two days ago huh my saw i saw it on the news couple days ago he was back in a hospital again he's ninety three for crying out about the day one and i never saw a follow up mommy dot see the lord is punishing him for our parting nixon but sometimes the lord is busy with other stuff like fixing me out of the ballgame so it doesn't get around the vista that was great there line about so many of so many of my me dolphins twenty florida marlins eighteen and then it's way down to i rack only nine of you if you could care less about a rack what is wrong with you those poor rocky bastards who only wish that saw them would come back please pretty please sort of was saying there was like a veritable picnic in the park when he was in power and i look what's going on and politics only two the political season sweet season is coming again man not that far away the bad news is jubilee burns twelve points ahead and that's only because the democrats uh... lamassa head like sixty five thirty eight some with that which is a hundred and three points well some like that sixty three thirty five but the republicans overwhelming they're going to go vote for lea brimman how they like that is that a surprise no g and then how they can't wait for four points in the poll the hard counter us on him on the news last night or he's a card counter that he's and he's not even being supported by his own party there's no i know that ironically they try to win kandellman was on a fact uh... they show that on i think uh... was his name christmattius and hard balls and they show that uh... a couple of nights ago and they show the simple they can try to put kandellman street to the fire the chairman of the republican party you're going to support republican kandellian kandellian uh... but i'd be better think they were told he said he wouldn't answer the question either yeah tell me snow what i held his hero a ton of you jackass that tarby of jackass or speak while trying to find the right adjective because we're going to this story about press good jump press good not related to press got bush by the way the nazi fundraiser hit was good buddy press got bush grandpa to whether your president and daddy of your trip or walker book look at that before it to the bush's craft story somebody just facts disson a lucky adolescent mail bottle knows dolphin is back to living newton free and gulf co-stator sir sort of a after making a potentially fatal word group choice early this summer the ten-year-old off a notice scrappy rams with crappy probably was it's life to a brookfield zoom re-manel research team the worst of year round in the bay uh... this this goes on much too long now sorry i thought it was going to be something new anything and it's not that you hit the important part of the one to speed away that twenty yeah okay big deal anyway let's get to the important story okay this is a given this hope because it has to do with john press get his given event to his private feelings about the bush president see this is from the brit independent which i told you is a great newspaper summing up your sources of administration in a single word that's the word the deputy prime minister's kind of makes the president bush and is approached to the middle east could cause a diplomatic rout but it'll please labor and peace of our furious about to be the backing of the west over the bombing of lesbino the market said to have been made a private meeting in mister press conference white hall office on two day with muslim and peace in other labor and peace with constituencies representing large muslim communities muslim and peace wanted to press home their objections to British foreign policy and discuss ways of improving relations with the muslim communities some of the mp's president said that they couldn't remember mister press got remark making the remark he's been a pain to avoid breaking ranks with mister blayer in public although he's believed to raise concern about the bombing of leavening the private meeting of the cabinet that's less than on but here he can the mp's constituency includes wall from the store seen some of the police raids in the west care plant investigation said mister press got had definitely used the word that in about the bush administration he was talking in the context of the road map which rhymes with crap in the middle east he said he only gave support to the war in Iraq because they were promised the road map but he said the bush administration had been on that we all laughed and he said in official don't admit that in other words don't I didn't say it mister coin and we also had a laugh when he said old bush is just a cowboy with a stetson on but then he said I can hardly talk about that can I there you go something we already knew but somebody actually has the balls to say in public this is Neil Rogers this is five sixty two eight six this is the Neil Rogers show this is the boy who took the glory any questions roll out the barrel expense of barrel pay for the barrel and it will make your blood boil because you might mean you're innocent and then it's way too now it's time to put the barrel up a certain part of you have a condition this oil barrel right where the sun does shine got us over a barrel but we got a new thing in mind where we'll still are on barrels with what we grow our land and we don't need your barrels and we'll go down say eleven out to five sixty w q a m happy Thursday already August 17 only eleven days away from the debuting of our new land up here at q a m and of course let's see August to September October November December 10 about seven months six and a half months until the demise of the ticket that's something that's not going to be a lot of work about the risk of its pink hill or viox and must pay return if the i's in fifty million dollars to compensate for the heart of taking that piece of craft drug and you like that the jury also said that working company knowingly misrepresented or failed to this goes information about the drug to return if the i's in jail burnets doctors hello doctor we didn't tell him on his verdict chief jury had the chance to assign for seven days of fall to mercantious decisions but assign blame only to merc the jury had begun deliberations of on twelve forty five yesterday afternoon broke for the night around six last night and reported the judge had a verdict soon after returning eight thirty this morning we hit prune of tattabia three o'clock this morning remember that yes i do our next lawsuit is among more than sixteen thousand bi-ass related suits against merc in state and federal courts u.s. history judge Eldon Falon i wonder if he's kind of the late Eldon harner who or leave i harner or buddy Gilmore was appointed to handle pre-traumatic for all the thousands of federal suits he heard one before barnet and that's a few more scheduled for trials this fall uh... see there was something else on here about uh... yeah the same theory which is liberated later today in the possible punitive damages for a furnace so he's got fifty million at least and that's compensatory damages and then we got the other damage so another which is probably what up about a hundred million and of course they'll appeal it and he may never live the sea to get a dime you know i'm talking about well on his behalf of federal like ten million right now okay okay we'll give uh... the barnet cow give him a million and then the rest of it will worry about later three quarters of american boy we're almost up to a thousand votes it's only four minutes after eleven o'clock good gallamist moly and i'm excited nine eighty five or there's a story about the ramsey case arrest he taken over turn back to the state come on a ticket you do it on a ticket to the road probably a week that's what a special we are trying to actually don't like sure but do you know that's don't like it all uh... never be hot the shiver of the weather yeah the weather uh... don't like it at all there's like ice is seems to be what is that what you say needs to come here right now for me that's chinese i see three quarters of americans can correct me identified two of sh snow i says here show what all of the government are getting into this story i saw on the news how embarrassing i saw it on the news but two days ago yeah i figure we'll be back on the air sometime before i croak three quarters of americans can correct me identified two of snow white seven horse while only a quarter can name two supreme court justices according to a poll on top cultural release monday sent all of his days ago seventy five percent can identify two or more of snow white seven doors only twenty five percent can name two supreme court justices like that when you think like clearance token tamis and scolera and can't even anything those three would like pop right off of top your hand hey if we get what you're talking about all i mean i will grant you i couldn't name it all but uh... and the right right there is you three right according to pull by side of the international commission by the makers of a new game show on pop culture called gold rush fifty seven percent of americans could identify jk railing's fictional boy wizard Harry Potter only fifty percent could name the British prime minister Tony Blair oh my god fifty seven percent said that they knew who carry Potter was only fifty percent could name Tony Blair what about British yeah that's for damn sure both semi right to the pot the pollster spoke to trumpard and thirteen that a trumpard and thirteen people across the west obviously a lot of diamonds just over sixty percent of the response available name but as homer son on the television show the sims and well only twenty percent twenty and a half percent were able to name one of the ancient Greek poet homer's epic poems the alien or the odyssey uh... what another story cracks me up all what you expect that's america for you baby that's what it's all about uh... finally kills moving up to the big league boy asked what planet superman was from sixty percent could name the fictional planet crypton and that's because they like tom well and gives them a swelling and i can understand why only thirty seven percent knew that mercury is a planet closest to the sun that's unacceptable i'm sure what anybody says okay yeah sixty percent knew about crypton which don't even exist by the way how do you know well maybe that one of those new planets they got three new planets now right and they said to do your okay we're going to go at michy says you're okay although before they finally make it official about two to be one of the plants you know who they're gonna have to consult with i can't write i heard they were asked to write and only thirty seven percent of that mercury is the planet closest to the sun oh my god what about venison blue jeans we're talking to a far more familiar with the uh... this is the best okay ready for this dot dot dot dot we spot us were far more familiar with the three studies Larry currently and dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot mo then the three branches of the west government units executive and legislative seventy four percent identified the three studies only forty two percent could name the three branches of the american government or talking boom boom boom boom boom boom like dumb dumb d u m and d u m m dumb rhymes with the leaves mean numb twice as many people twenty three percent were able to identify the most recent winner of the TV show american idol Taylor hicks as we're able to name the supreme court justice confirmed in january of two thousand six sand alito eleven percent could name old sami boy and twenty three percent could name Taylor hicks do fairer how do you like that speaking of binging is that pathetic or what's pretty pathetic so there's a lot of american zolabod numbers and saw that's not a lot of what you make me waste my time with all these stupid stories of it instead taking those great calls you get to take that's right go for it nine ninety six go for what those call it any more call in fact i'm i'm going to reach over and show to offer it now you think about a foot press my luck i do like that show on the game show channel press my luck press your luck press somebody's luck but that's it made a really great call about some in the old that was outstanding ain't gonna get any better than that's right a thousand votes even that's it oh time to go home we did a weird don't our duty a thousand votes right on the button so let me ask you something speaking of new line ups and all these radio changes and stuff like that if our new line ups starts august 28th and it is is uh... what we have been told who was the pop would say it is as it was the slob on a slam uh... then what what is that leave uh... that one uh... i guess he's out in the cool again but of course not that far away from hot pieces right i feel like i'm something to do a record i guess that's what that's all about is it had to use him for something is that i need probably under contract like about six hundred other people and so as a result they probably stuck them on the air there between two and four a lot to two two things uh... you know you use up that money they got a pay him anyway so they don't have to pay somebody else and piss us off and they did i think they did both and piss the audience off enough so they're most of ran away screaming from that sound i guess i better do the break although the list was they talking about on tv now i give up and the pictures the pictures frozen the red disease but it's frozen don't mind it's my cable cn and just frozen let's see what they're doing on amazon bc although whole cable is screwed up look at that isn't i think it must be an active god you know it's amazing that is amazing let me go back to see it and the the cable is just frozen and now i just have a blank screen and i even have the a frozen picture oh i see i told you i didn't what they were talking about that's funny i just uh... part of what you played that did you read it and i thought it was a and say trombone don't be letting anybody give you a a George start you know a tiny misceed of heart sounds in your ears okay talking about don't find no farce in your ear because they have a habit of coming back and share or here mic and nobors got a pole suggestion let's see do we like this one what's your take on the current housing market uh... you want i'll leave that one for you what do you think i thought it's the two how no i'll pass i don't want to take something that good away from you we like mic and nobors and you could go in occasionally send us in something really interesting a pole suggestion that was not one of them but i'll leave it for you look at that did the cable my cable is uh... it's it's dark it's finster man airy channel is finster the guide comes on in the bottom to share what channel you're trying to try to watch but rages cable just had a brain fart like uh... not that's a trombone from it's after eleven at five sixty w two m store these continues to be southward is top cigar shop with one of the broadest inventories continuing outstanding an amazing unmatched selection of over a thousand open boxes of cigars all the top names are waiting for you at soy's like for double ashton vsg our tour of wente padron medic christher romia and july and ten last more and in addition to the names that you know and love they've also got special hard to find of scursor guards that you want to find just in every pedestrian cigar shop by your previous regards for the price of seconds and stay a while linger while and your your smooth smoke is still is one line featuring p your andrey hundred percent pino and war and lots of other fine lines of all over the world you find still is at one sixteen twelve north candle drive just a half mile each to exit one of the turnpike open every day of the week because let's face it nobody takes the day off from school going to be a fatt one right open every day seven days away for your smoking and dancing pleasure call the day to reserve a bus your favorite cigars at stowies call three oh five five nine eight nine eight ninety eight twenty that's three oh five five nine eight ninety eight twenty be sure and say hi to everyone the girl send her and head up for your free cigar when you stop into stowies at one sixteen twelve north candle drive in prestigious candle this is real ranger this is five sixteen two eight the roger's got from director at the night chum along comes a film the full strike fear in the hearts of men these pants don't fit I'm loaded the water in the lady the cycle of terror is monthly money does this dress make me look bad oh no not that question answer me oh please the water in the lady is this summer's scary story period can't wait for me you don't want to tell me of course I do here let me hug you let your hands off the door the water in the lady I'm showing for limited week long engagement 11 17 at five sixty who has the guy that we have said before burdo Kirby burdo Kirby what about the dirtwood Kirby if the two still dead dirtwood Kirby from the gary mord show of it to check in that move is that is I'm sure that well here's another dead guy boy there died like flies you know it's going around the father-in-law of the battle tour to France winter florida landest was found dead in his car oh my god after committing sausages man corn is official city yesterday he blew his brains out the body of fifty seventy-year-old David with was discovered at a parking gear rush to the if the news had Paul Parker an investigative with a sandy rock on a medical examiner he had a gunshot wound to the head and the death was ruled a suicide the landest is are devastated by the news of David's death family spokesman Michael hints until the associate well what does that mean family spokesman now every family in these news to read every family's got a spokesman right or you don't want to waste your time time time right and he was a spokesman for the hockey high authority to deal with the press on your behalf they loved him dearly and they omiss him much it was the stepfather of landest's wife Amber oh amber alert landest's close friend white fans like we sound like a Dutchman to me said he didn't believe the recent do a dopey allegations against the cyclist like directly to the suicide it could have been a few percentages of the whole maybe or just another negative thing that he was depressed about and like and it would have also been struck around of the strainer opening a new restaurant or this year well that's enough to make you play a brains out don't most people open up a new restaurant line of committing suicide all the time and am at am at your cyclist with my landest or a mutual coach in 1998 at one point to do shared an apartment in San Diego hence instead that sounds a little day to me it was with a introduce landest to his future wife while thank god and it's been credited with introducing landest of former mountain bike to the world of road racing and why anybody is interested in that it just beats the slot out of my head I just don't get you know bikers I mean you know fine who want to go out there and get some extra side of right but of course the most to care about it you know take all the drugs you want for crime out well guess what I saw last night speaking a drug's that we've heard from no no this well what the channel was this was a uh I don't know was a bravo I don't know it's a channel I don't usually watch but it was a two hour documentary about the death of and of course however you truly who was the twenty ten of the first three of his death yesterday I ever lived or he if uh Elvis or twenty nineth anniversary yesterday but I felt and when he died they found eleven different prescription drugs in his system including delogues and oh you name it imagine if a vampire had been a yeah that would have been had bats in his delfrey there he goes see Elvis hey Elvis oh you you you get rid of that please I didn't listen to it because I don't know never listen but yeah how did the Elvis all of us show girl it's like a like a like a lead balloon with an lander served as best man that said there's wedding this what married Amber landist's mother rose a school teacher sure time after the younger couple married in 2000 land this has been under investigation by cycling authorities as we know after testing positive for high levels of testosterone last month he's just a horny guy that's all the thirty year old about thirty minutes cyclists decided to find you possible reasons for this building we had a believe okay funeral arrangements for what we're kind of out of late let's ramp it in that cycling thing and of all the things in a world you know although he has all these you know he's got these health issues he's got a sore hip and a bad little lip things like that but if he asked me he's generally full of crap and I don't care about anything we should have put that on there too what crap Floyd landist they won't who that is how about how about cyclists for landist still you don't want to put them on there walls it's easy but it's all I'm okay I don't have to do it Josh does but I think it's pointless what do you think Josh we should not put him on my cable still out by the way I'm out there sent a living room and it's out of course you can probably relate to that 21 pack total 21 pack 11 at five sixty WCM now here he's let me get it in my pile okay I mean we took a couple of calls today what what's not like I'm just it's so exciting knowing that the other said not not that the influences our impacts us no because in spite of all the lies they give me oh we're making some inroads in the midday in that tend to against that Roger is not on sport or yeah right my god I wouldn't wish on him or and or some of your mama would or even on the bush my friend wish what what that's saying as far as numbers you can't complain about their numbers because they never had any they got one bonus a bunch of wired diaries last April 18 to 13 24 minute whatever it all wasn't right away oh that's gonna be our demo that's a were younger and hyper any young guys and they like Danny LaBaster and they used to be on the juice and yeah by the way is a Sid Rosenstein bird girl Kransla town that is he skipped out of it not yet evidently we'll keep you posted especially on the juice bill there's nothing worse than extrax who go on the air and pretending to be broadcasts although we got one choice to add food and that we shouldn't have said to shouldn't we okay somebody who worked telly they tried his best it wasn't very good we tried in our sales department drool right and now he's gonna concentrate on his broadcast career now that he's followed the footsteps of rarer well would you rather be oh I rather do anything then be a radio sales hole yeah I can't even begin to live yeah of course how could you sell this show with our lasia eight and nine share whatever it is it's brutal test Robert Scheer in truth dig right spinning old threats in the new fears and the heading says investigators are known for a decade about terrorist parts to bring down past new jets with liquid explosives so my all of a sudden it bushband most liquids on flights and I mentioned that I'm Tuesday about ramsi usef yeah government I'm gonna have some adrenal fields against it's your fault oh there's nothing wrong with him I blood of here was so pretty nice life I didn't go zoom me up or anything if you put like a lot of meat on there make a chilly mackey browns and I can't believe you're out and you make like much less than that a huge portion of the pasta you know and then put on some nice weighted like whatever kind of cheddar you like on there you got a nice chilly mac and it's not watery like I don't want to say skyline show what oh no that's really probable in that place I mentioned that before I like that product but there was there chilling mackeys just too watery for that a song by Martin vennettles chilly mac I think so government induced hysteria Robert's your rights drives on public ignorance all of that out of the real popular which is why president Bush is so confident in turning the British bomb plot to his partisan purposes otherwise how could he dare claim that his policies have made the nation safer consider first off that the attack in a vision smuggling liquids splices ingredients into not ten passenger planes was outlined in chapter five of the bipartisan nine loving commission report as a plot first exposed a decade ago the originator that plot hijacking of 12 US bomb planes colleague shekma ham it was also the mastermind of nine eleven attacks according to US prosecutors his nephew convict terrorist Ramsay use it even managed to explode such a liquid based bomb on a vanilla the Tokyo flight killing one past year as part of a plot codename magica because checking or banning fluids was not a focus of this administration post nine eleven airport security measures this coincidence that's in quotes coincidence which suggests either enormous negligence on the part of those charged with protecting us or a ludicrous over reaction this past week knowing as we did of my habits earlier plan wasn't a part of a home and security requiring flyers to dump the bottles a herdsprint mothers must be for not to mention the two toothpaste unlike use if was arrested in Pakistan in ninety five more ham it remained large until two years after nine eleven to continue pushing the bojink and concept to many terrorist bank who were who would listen it's been known for least two years since his capital that he spoke in detail about the scheme with al-sama yamama the two admit much earlier during their days is what president righ in called freedom fighters in the crusade against the soviet occupation of Afghanistan after the first road trade center bombing in nineteen ninety three in the exposure of the bojink of pluck well ham it five the Pakistan were bored capture by the west of thirty's ninety six according to the nine eleven commission or he managed to find haven for nearly a decade in fact Pakistan as well as Saudi Arabia so in a first day in a fine with the grim story of al-Qadhan and ciflias then it boggles the mine how after nine eleven the bush administration only embraced those two corrupt dictatorships all the harder while instead seeking us into a predictable and predicted quagmar in a wreck which had no effective rule and international terrorism at all rather than a myth is in calculable mistaken move forward the president instead continued stubbornly against all evidence to claim that smashing up a wreck was somehow a fitting response to the nine eleven nightmare this past week chief hatchet man digtini even had the outrageous goal to argue that anti-rac war u.s. in a candidate in the nittal amongst democratic primary victory over pro-rac war senator juleberman kinetic would embold and al-Qadhan types abided by a polligest in both parties the bush administration is instead fabricated the dangerous then anybody who opposes u.s. or is really interested in the region be they secular or religious Arab or purgence soon or she or is by definition a terrorist who cannot be negotiated with the column so far high ever this approach has been disastrous for the u.s. and is real with costly defeats in both the racket lebidon that will revert rate in the region for decades directly strengthening the hand of extremist of all strikes with sottah who say in three years gone Iraq is still a disaster bush now emphasizing the bookie man of his lomo fangism this concept completely ignores the fact that u.s. enemy such as serious bathist regime and many soon the insurgents to wreck our secular while religious finnite are some both sides of the soni she ice-foot are slaughtering each other and bad that every day and in the same sectarian conflict for control of both sottah of Iraq nor are any of these divides anything new Arab and purgencialism and Islamic finnaticism have for decades competed for adherence at a post colonial region still bullied by the west and suffering from anti-rac already complex according to the 911 commission 911 lead hijack or mhanna dot i hated the new afanist Iraqi dictator who say as an american stew set up to give Washington exclusive intervening in the Middle East never mind such a historical prattle public ignorance is bliss for bush who for so long has assumed that being foxy and macho can make up for his constant wonders based on faulty reasoning maybe high ever as both his dismal pull numbers and suitably public and leverment systemic laws and kinetic attire americans are starting to wise up and think for themselves says robber cheer and must start to sound a little bit like switchful thinking to me especially seeing that laborman is 12 points ahead of the month thanks to the republicans and kinetic funny it passed no to five sixty deputy qm everything's coming up roses baby we got down today's murder but not i don't think he killed anybody think it's a bad two i think it won't think i don't think he could have possibly read for his i'm i'm looking at him i i don't care whether he had a wife or not he definitely is not ever yeah okay he doesn't have a going back for school can be a little tough on the kids in a good night's sleep of course is critical for the development of healthy minds if your kids are having trouble adjusting to school might bedtime may simply be their mattress i know i would take college all i was concerned about with developing a healthy mind called out a mattress today tool free at one a hundred mattress our friends if out of mattress can recommend a mattress for kids of any age and have a new bed delivered in time you choose they've been doing this for years they're the only ones in the world who will even dream of doing this seven days away from eight a and a ten p.m. you picked it to our window whenever it's convenient and that's when they show up noon to two one to three et cetera just give telematrics that to our window they can even deliver your mattress to same day you call is in today call one eight hundred mattress right now get the absolute best selection of silly sort of simmons king quote temporary to concerns and foster you would check for low prices online at macros dot com or call telematrics at one eight hundred mattress tool free i've been using them for years and like i've taken it been telling you for years it's the smartest and easiest piece of shopping you can ever do call one eight hundred m a t t r e s leave off the list and let's let's i'm going to say it again last ask you don't want to keep making me do that we walk the last s because it stands for stupid and sensational savings and sales whole sarners this is meal Roger except of this is by two eight in booze heart go back to England until them Scotland is free like the chicken ones and happy yeah booze heart the epic saga of a single man with double vision well yeah wake up why you're fasting somebody dated your first book they did you are so totally old Mel Gibson is where you want us a man who sacrificed everything for the thing you loved most the present out which is to say a one three three who's heart we did point one two one so George was a stonic to find out to discover out through my and the technical work this morning before the show the Patrick McGoon was in Braveheart now what I see I could have told you that if I were to watch the movie but you think I would watch movie with Mel Gibson and no no chance even though that's not before his latest drug and episode anti semantic out for his or any of that crap he I always know he's been an a whole I can't stand even looking at him and just the side of him makes me want to vomit other than that I'm that he's a hell of a guy to good movie to is it yeah Patrick McGoon was great and as he was he was phenomenal I know I know Patrick McGoon is he was in the prisoner what was his name John I don't know he was number six well he was number six and occasionally did number one and number two right out there in the village it was number one a bomb ripped through a market in Baghdad solder city day another day of cartage in a city under siege by insurgents and people went on sectarian revenge three people were killed 27 more wounded during the month of July which was the deadliest month for civilians since the war started March 2003 see it's not really a war they keep calling it a war right a war has to be like uh they're like two combatants sure it's not a war it's an invasion gone bad it's an invasion occupation gone bad in our rack attack during the month of July uh 3438 Iraqi civilians were killed 1855 because of sectarian or political violence another 1583 from bombings and shootings and another 3600 were wounded the release of these figures comes on the heels of a human report that's at nearly 6000 people were killed in a rack in May and June so that we're averaging about 3,000 noz to months and we boosted up to 3438 in July we can keep this thing going for a few more years that won't have to worry about democracy or government rent because there won't be anybody left to a government and it goes on about to nine people wounded northern Iraq and a car bomb over here in an bar province of yada on and on and on just paces of this crap and is anybody cared oh no set our audience though in our poll today only nine people it's been that way where it's from the get go politics only two when Iraq only nine so the men think the way we care at least about those things all of these things all of these things what bad and you can only begin to imagine all the technology we could have for detecting all kinds of bombs and liquids and uh yeah if we just spent all those billions of dollars a hundred probably about a trillion dollars that we've blown down the toilet in Iraq uh if we'd spend a month some meaningful thing and protecting the ports and you know really having real homeland security that even Lou Dobbs might be proud of it just won't you let me just won't shut up about that damn border per day he's sick he's a sick person you know i mean a lot of what he says i'm put one of his columns on our website today just to try to be a nice guy but get some help for yourself Lou wait a please okay go kill an illegal alien for Jesus we do something god speaking of killing people what does a terrorist preparing to bomb ten airliners do be forehand he buys cakes wouldn't you we were a couple of Michael said in Iraq on the three cake and here's this diabetic who who's got such bad uh larger management obviously there's constantly going into a diabetic coma and he's standing there meeting a piece of cake you know isn't it with cake cake the characters in behavior the funeral next thing you know have eaten like Ben and Jerry's every haven't like fish food godfather four although i guess he ain't coming back when he dropped the orange on the ground orange like we told him before is always a bad fruit in the godfather movies bad fruit marlin brando is there with the oranges with little always grandson you know and boy boy the characters in behavior of the few known liquid bombs suspects are completely inconsistent with any notion that they were preparing to kill themselves in acts of mass terror mirroring the pre-attack demeanor of the seven seven patsies rights polios of Watson prison planet a cc tv image which is shown right here shows one of the suspects tyroe of entering a bulk order supermarket and Birmingham England there's two hours before anti-terror police who have been to grab him for his legural and a plot to bomb ten transatlantic airliners what were the tools of terror that roof was a query before his comocasi death mission knives for outside to make the deadly liquid bomb cameras to detonate the bombs no he was buying cakes there's this look at the kind of person planning such a plot he doesn't look like he's about to blow himself up the owner of the store told a London mirror routchanted with the owner who said he was more concerned about his father's confectionary business than the fact that he was about to aid in the mid-air slaughter of 3000 people alleged any two-bit psychologists continued that this individual's behavior completely be lies the notion that his life is about to come to an end that an ex-self exposes the alleged plot for the monumental fraud that it is former British ambassador to his veccasin Craig Murray is also highlighted the limited capabilities and intended the suspects proof he says the alert was government propaganda for make a ball that urine's free new 9-11 none of the alleged terrorists had made a bomb none had bought a plane ticket many didn't even have passports which given the efficiency of the UK passport agents to a meeting they couldn't be a plane bomber for quite some time where he said again we hear the same story over and over they had young families they were not political they were active members of the community everyone liked them whatever race they loved football they planned to be doctors they had future prospects is this an inside joke and my five cabinet can't even find some angry Muslim loners with criminal records to at least make it appear is if they had any motive to carry out these attacks it's such a blatant ruse you'd wonder if they're doing it on purpose to send a message that everyone should live in fear of a dawn rage from the terror cops in other words the message is if they did very okay evidence of a good part said okay boy the evidence that the London bombers knew they were about to die with soap flims you that newspapers even the London Metra Bought in police concluded they were unwitting dupes a metropolitan police counter terrorist expert told us seminar that the four terrorists will have a city con 30 but third man she's out ten were twenty two german lissie nineteen has has seen who say eighteen did not fit the preconceived terrorist profile the bombers purchased return tickets played cricket eight big max and had arguments with members of the public in the hours before the attacks took place and let us know suicide notes have seen the cc tv footage of these people they do not appear to be on the way to commit any crime at all the Russell square bomber has seen who say it's actually seen going in the shops and bobbing into people trying to visit part was attacked the experts say the bombers were described by friends is for nice lads normal kids who played basketball and kicked the ball around kicked the bucket we can't do liquid bomber we still have no motive in the evidence that suggests these individuals are anything other unfortunate fall guys for blaring the stack of psychological warfare against the British people but if it's a battle of information it's increasingly swinging from baseless sphere mongering and in favor of the truth BBC and British newspaper website forums have been swarmed with people expressing their incringiousness about the reality of the list so called threat a London guardian journalist an article today highlights how he traveled to country and found widespread skepticism about the real nature of the alert amongst citizens with only tourists who hardly trust in the government tourist unsuspecting doops again oh they gotta be more on zinny when the first place I like to know they were right assertion that the alert is nothing more than political propaganda is also been echoed by commentators in journalists themselves following a rash of articles in broad sheet newspapers that's scoff at the much-funded scope of the alleged part these guys probably were almost as dangerous as the liberty city seven you know if an acqua in saying current posse as they're being caught as the ones we got a thousand sixty five oh sender we're going to do over eleven hundred today what's our goal twelve hundred we if we can get to twelve hundred they you can play all of us again tomorrow okay there's a real rush of that miss is five sixty two ten twenty You can feel the sun is over if they're too into one. You're not the man. This is just what you've had. You put together shine. You put on your mask. See that depiction. I'd like to try to be fair. But you're still so sincere. I'm the same. But you're perfectly fair. You're the only love. You're surely going to be just this year. You're the only one you're the only one. You're the only one you're the only one. South Hollywood. I'd like to try to be fair. I won't go that same. It's not worth the time you're to tell. I'm sure of the secret inside. I bet you're really a fine. We've had to prepare for you. I'll get you a towel. You'll see the boys your home.You're awesome. You're always so truthful. You're the only one are you. I've made the history of the world. You're the one who can't live without you, You're the one who can't live without you, You're the one who can't live without you, You're the one who can't live without you, You're the one who can't live without you, You're the one who can't live without you, You're the one who can't live without you, You're the one who can't live without you, You're the one who can't live without you, You're the one who can't live without you, You're the one who can't live without you, You're the one who can't live without you, You're the one who can't live without you, You're the one who can't live without you, You're the one who can't live without you, You're the one who can't live without you, 1948, Providence still no to QM, Trombone sounds by the way Joyce, Don't get all panicky, Bitch, Of course I was just thinking about it, While I was playing a bit, You do realize that the so-called Fartsounds that we played, None of those were real Fartsounds anyway, I mentioned that yesterday when I got the Boca Brian disc, Yeah, at no point are any of those sounds actually a Fartsound. That is correct, they're just representations. No, not even that, They're just sounds they can be anything, Do what I'm saying? A rimshot. Well, oh, sorry. Some sense of Democrats have become very angry with Senator Julie Roman statements of the campaign trail. Democrats are upset with statements that were made about the Iraq War implying that the state of many Democrats to bring the troops home for a rack by a certain date, puts our national security at risk. This is an evil, evil man, a dangerous, a lunatic, a far-bison. I think he had his titses on too tight. Some senior aids have animated that Lieberman may lose seniority when the caucus over the Embroy O. Ember Ernie Brodyo, Pitch for the Cincinnati Reds about 40 years ago. A majority of the Senate Democrats, 26 to date, have said they will support Neville Amman in November election. A group of the Senate, let's see, where's the thing? If he continues to air in it, his colleagues, Lieberman, could be stripping a seniority within the Embroy O. Crata Caucus, shooting to feet in that LeMondagin election to November, which he will because of Republicans are going to elect him. Which he'll tell you a lot right there. Why are they going to elect the Republican? Because he's a card counter. Oh, I see. In recent days, Lieberman has wrankled Democrats in the upper chamber by suggesting that those who's in for bringing you as troops home from rack by certain day would bolster terrorists, fighting attacks against the USM's allies. He also sparked resentment by saying last week, and NBC's today show that the Democratic Party was out of the political mainstream. Yeah, everybody else has got a lot of except you, Lieberman. Democrats are worried that Lieberman may be giving the Republicans a golden opportunity to undermine their message. He is a peace direct. And that's the nicest thing I can say. Francies says in a facts here, you're not taking calls. I took some calls. I took more than a day than I have in last month put together. You're not taking calls, but I want to get this idea to you by John Bene and the parents. Besides what you said this morning about the parents acting guilty, whether he re-treated the police, etc. Most of us did think they or one of them, at least was guilty. But here's my take, says Fred. I think they were guilty, not are killing her, but creating her, especially the mother, because they created a little beauty queen for the Petaphouse to take advantage of. That's right. There's nothing like creating a little queen. In other words, had they not put their child to those ridiculous beauty pages and dressed her up as if she were an adult with all the makeup and the provocative outfits for Petaphouse, she probably would never have been killed. Actually, I'm point Fred. We've been saying that. If she looks like a normal little girl with pig tails and dirty jeans, etc, she probably would be still alive. They could hit her with five shots and she'd be still alive today. And I think her parents knew that immediately. That's the guilt. I just think that basically there are a couple of slime balls. Sure. That's my take, I mean, I know he's got a lot of money. But there are plenty of slime balls a lot of money. There's three of them. In fact, most of the people would love them. Oh, guess who's been here this all this week? At least not today. But previously today, it's more involved with a lot of money. Bill Gates. There you go. He qualifies. And Bill Clinton. Oh, they're eight conferences going on here this week. And Boats are there. They love Clinton. Man, they're lined up eight million deep to a shake his hand and check out his gland and just, you know, I can just see the little kids now saying pop had the clunk look where we got. Right? Yeah. And absolutely correct. So your kids out there, pop out there and everybody would all, you know, for example, I wasn't too happy about the fact that he slept over there to Connecticut and was like sucking up to vote for Leaveerman and campaigning within the court of primary. But you do notice that and he just said that was because you want to be a good Democrat. Whatever that means. But then as soon as the primary was over, Leaveerman started opening them off again. Clinton just ripped him to shreds. Did you see the article on our website yesterday? Nope. Or is it today? Is it today's your answer? I'm pretty sure we're here today. I'll try talking. Who can keep track when you're sending 40, 50,000? Yeah, that's what I was going to say. Boy, you're standing in a little bit slowly now. I noticed you didn't waste any time catching that check. It was yesterday. Look at that. Almost 600 people are right there. You don't really is disappointing to me and it shouldn't because I realized that we're wasting our time. Although the money is good. But we put those things on air. I mean, Eric went through just an apoplectic set, putting those things on air to pacify me on Tuesday. George Bush said Sunday, They bloody Sunday, which is a real hooded. It's a fabulous. And then keep the old women. The next is a politics and tear, which we even played the audio on the air, which everybody ought to watch that over and over again. Have screenings in their home and HD and whatever. And they don't read those things. They don't look at them. Try. And these are even things that they need to read. These are videos that I'm full before their eyes. I'll let you guys do this. Look a button, man. Click the link right under the pool and watch those two, especially the older men piece. But we don't want to believe that because you're just a poor poor man. It's just partisan politics in the audio, poor poor man. This administration is really keeping us safe from the power tax right. No question about it. I'm sure you saw this thing about the Israeli army chief. You told us stocks. You didn't see this? Nope. Stock scandal spells doom of embattled Israeli army chief. Right. The Israeli army chief is a very serious shetner. I wonder if he's really the Billy boy. An agent's France press. Israel's army chief under fire for selling shares hours before launching an offensive in Lesbynon, where he said to become the first head to roll an outcry with the state's hand over the three month long war. Israel's media have piled a property of mundane halutes. Since the mar, we've newspaper real two day that he had sold shares hours before the start of the Israeli offensive in Lebanon, July 12. The anger of many in the country is certainly becoming a term with the less and decisive outcome of its war. Well, what an understanding of that is against the fundamentalist, against the fundamentalist Hezbollah malicious dark on July 12. Please meet tongue-ty. There's an old Romanian saying that goes like this. The country is burning the grandma is coming or here. The country was on fire and all that interested halutes was his investment portfolio. Member of Parliament, Colette Abatal said Tuesday. Resignation caused a come from Parliament, but also from the highest circles of the Defense establishment. Defense Minister Amir Perets, also under fire for his performance since the start of the War July 12, defended the armatees war of the indidication. His attention is entirely devoted to the war and the success of the army's missions for its said. This regrettable affair would never have captured so much attention, had the less been uncampainted with a clerk on victory for Israel, said Mark Keller and Amelis with the Jaffee Center for Strategic Studies of it just needed more time than them. The other couple of months for crisis. It is possible that the general made mistakes, but he certainly isn't the only one whether at the political or military echelons he told Agent France press AFP. Newspapers, Polarweight Heloets yesterday, using the scandal-deventor anger at the man who forces suffered unexpected setbacks at the hands of Willarm's Hezbollah malagement. Ma'ar resettid or Ben Castor was confident that the public perception of a general who tries to save his stocks portfolio while sending his troops to the front lines with spelling and of his career. He ended this war as a prime minister of design and he's leaving on on the stretcher hero. Kind of like Ariel Sharon, I guess. Who's up, Soros? The appointment last year, the former Air Force chief to the position of Chief of Staff to receive the Lucor and reception within the ranks of the military, where some senior officers argued that a pilot was ill suited for the top job. It was often criticized for being arrogant and overestimating the Air Force. But that sounds so many too. Worked real well and Vietnam didn't ever leave bomb in that situation. We're always works real well, I like an Iraq. That's why we're doing it all the time. You can't even work like crazy. No more Taliban. They're all the way. We do have a story about the poppy industry. It's bigger than ever. Good. What do we get in there? We're working really well. They're in Lesbina. This pond is into the stone age. Nice to see those ragheads in Saudi Arabia coming up with a few men in Bucks for the Lebanese is a poor Lebanese slumber in them. I mean, what's just doing it for PR? Do you think you think that Lebanese has started to take this personal maybe? Over it. Over it. Over again. We did it. You know, they were just starting to get the economy going again. And the economy was going to be like, you know, they have the nice beaches there. And the casino and everything. Everything is starting to come up. We can't have that. And all of a sudden, this one you thought it was safe. But I've known here we go again. Let's kill a bunch of people. And by the way, the death toll now is over 1300. Father still digging bodies out from under the rubble. You're too the hater. But just remember what the BB Netanyahu said. He said that when the Hezbollah, when he killed when they were launching those, uh, Ketu Shawakets and Israel, they're intending to hit civilians. But when the Israelis are dropping their bombs and just bombing Lebanon to bits, uh, when in an innocent civilians died, it's just an accident. That's right. So when the Lebanese were killed, they were lightly killed, as opposed to when the Israelis died, it was a real, uh, a real, a real, a real, a real, a real, a real. There were heavily killed. 5, 16, 16, I'm dying out there. This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q-8M. There's one hour on that. We have a death toll now. And by the way, I'm still on Q-8M. This is the 13th time we've been camping for a long time. And I'm still alive. I'm still alive. I'm still alive. And I'm still alive. I'm still alive. I'm still alive. And I'm still alive. I'm still alive. And I'm still alive. And I'm still alive. Come on, create a five-sixth-y WM, we got Curtis Stevens in coming out for two, and then we got Yeldy. A four-parry and nothing in life is perfect. Hurricane Hotline and Game Works and the Beast of Game Works between seven and ten, and the end Kaplan Show is in a clock tonight. That's our line of no Marlon Game Marlins come on against the Braves tomorrow, any interest. Oh, I was Red Hot Marlon, well, it was Luke War Marlins. Really amazing part of it is that they're still like what we're only about, six, six and a half games out of the wild card. Do you like? He just got back. Got back from where? I was taking a tooth, what'd you say? I said, you're like, I started the rumor about the ticket is going off the air march one. I got the rumor, yeah. And started it. Okay. You know, speaking of starting things, starting, like, they let you take enough lighters and matches on a plane to start the entire state of California on fire, you know? Start 4,000 wildfires. And, and there's actually anybody stupid enough out there to believe that's a concert about safety on airlines? Well, about three packs of matches and three of what kind of person, what even George is much smoke and his heathers, don't need three packs of matches and three lighters. One lighter will do. Yeah, there you go. It's full, you know, in a spare. There's a much higher spare. It's good. Extra papers. I mean, just on the face of these things in the pool. Yeah, well, I make a lot of sense from AI. The popular video site, you tube has been negotiating with record labels to post thousands of music videos on that. By the way, we got some really nifty stuff on here, and at my space thing. Yes, we do. Even though this is talking about you tube. In fact, the only reason I'm reading the stories because it's about you tube. And so I can play a tube a lot. I mean, to move beyond a set where people mostly share homemade video clips. You tube, which brings over a hundred million views a day is reportedly seeking the rights to post current and archive music videos online and said any commercial model, it's huge a lot of videos for free. Now, being an old fart, which I am, what's the difference between my space and you tube. YouTube is just a site where people, anyone can post videos. So you just see videos on there. Now, my space, you can put all kinds of things on your my space page. Our pages look at what good stuff. And a lot of what people put on their my space page. You included involves links to YouTube videos so that you can play videos from YouTube right there from your my space page. So my space is much more versatile. Right. It's personal and YouTube is just videos. You watch you. Listen. Oh, wait a minute. Oh, thank you. Well, what we got part of doing. What you listen to this is all about you. Two price. Six. What we want to do in six to 12 months. Maybe 18 months is there. Every music video ever created up on you. Two. Under Steve Chantel wroteers. Everyone ever made. We're trying to bring in as much of this content as we can to decide. Can also say that you, too, intense to differentiate itself from paid of you or downloads, sort of his like iTunes and AOL music or this like Yahoo music, which is a port of advertising revenue, share model record labels. You, too, helps to integrate the music videos into the community features of its site, allowing users to end the videos to their own profiles and post reviews of them. The business model is reportedly being developed intended with all four major record companies. Now getting the four major labels to read this business model is key since you, too. As running the trouble in the past, when users posted copyrighted videos from TV shows on its sites, including one run in within BC over a Saturday night live clip. But you, too, says its policies to take down power to content, this is become as aware. But right now we're trying to very quickly determine how and what the model of the distributed content is and we're very aggressive in assisting labels to try to get the content on you. You can say, okay, but the name is that Steve Chen of Chinese. Yeah, yes. The Steve, the Chinese people named Steve Americanized. They're Chinese. Maybe half and half. Warner music and EMI both confirmed the writers that they're trying to work with you. You, too. We're obviously interested in legitimate use scenarios and trying to broaden those in our focus with you. You, is how to be part of this, while protecting our artist and sharing-making paid, said Warner's SVP of digital and business development Michael Natch. Well, what is SVP? Vice President of, so open to so many of my accounts. I want to be as stands for. No, it's something Vice President. Okay, senior. What is it? Senior. Oh, if I said, seeman. Smegma? Yeah, that's what I saw. We got 1135 voice. We're going to top that goal of 1200 easy, so we can play all of us all day tomorrow. A lot of him is Claudia. Yeah, I, now one thing I learned on that thing last night, which I knew, I mean, the drugs obviously killed him in here. And he and, um, let's see, who is the chief that he was dating at that time? I forgot what our name was. Really hot, too, by the way. Do you ever see her? No. She was shacked up there in Grace Landwood, Elvis at the time, but nevertheless, so the two of them got in the, uh, limo or whatever. And they went to the dentist 1139 and the dentist wrote a prescription in the way to an all-eye pharmacy at some hospital there in, um, in Grace, well, well, what, where's Grace Land? That's not supposed to. Excuse me. We just went through that the other day, yes we did. Oh, the border deez holding a briefing on the rest of the, uh, John B.A. Mr. Carr has traveled extensively. Okay, that's enough. So anyway, one thing I did learned a lot is, I mean, you know, it's liquid heroin. Okay. Never knew that. Well, they're pills, too. Actually, because a buddy of mine got a master of his surgery. The your buddy has signed a lot. Is that the same guy to one of 10 grand that the, you know? Yep. Um, all they could buy a lot of pills. A lot of them. Well, liquid dilada is liquid heroin. Okay. At least that's what they said. I'm going to show you. I know what, what's all the wine, about drugs for Grace and 1126 votes on the pool. So what's it these people places or things you care about least American idol, 1282. Oh, my God. That's a sure sign of a disease and another sign of American disease. Celebrity poker, 165. You know, syphilis does very bad damage to the brain, you know? So I think it must be an epidemic as syphilis in America because people watching other people playing cards on television. I still can't get over it. And it is wildly popular. That's the best part of the whole deal. So I wrote popular. I'm going to hear a little bit more about this guy that. From Anne Rö. Oh, I don't even know. Oh, I don't even know. I still have any poker 165. Brittany Spears 132. Lance Bass 129. You're fairie. Religion 99. Maybe somebody that I put a trouble hook in his mouth, you know? That's a good way to catch a bass. Wouldn't be the first thing. Religion 99. Maybe the sharpest though. Fiddell Castro 55. I hate this pool 54 only 4.7. That's a good sign. Thank God they liked the pool. But to make you feel good when you know they like your pool. All the time. Now Gibson only 47. Job in a Ramsey 44. Before an investigation. Israel's got 40. Terror Alert 35. Florida Panthers 32. I'm amazed that that's not much higher on list because we have no hockey fans and so Florida whatsoever. Carol's 429. I still can't. I guess I better Google that. Oh, I know something. I just don't done me the cable's back. I. Not right up on you did it. I wasn't paying any attention. It was off for a very long time, which I'm sure you can really. Zero 429. Shack is got 28. Twenty eight people. Just don't give a crap about him at all. No matter how big that hit is. Florida Marlins 21. Dolphins 21. Marlins have Dolphins. Side by each there and lock step. Now I have to see a lot of similarities. Iraq has got 11 now and politics only too. So many goes out of 1131 votes. We'll make 1200 easy. Back then you can say Greg reads an idiot. Nick from Bocca says, Ray the Jabba in a case. Children tend to follow or gravitate to their parents interest. Mrs Ramsey was in beauty pageants was Miss West Virginia and her sister was as well. So it's kind of natural that John Bene would have that interest too. Or would be, uh, well that's the way Nick says it. That's he would be pushed along in that area. Right. Right. And just a pro football player would have a football in a son's cradle. A hunter fisherman would take his kids to the wildlife. Near Roger Sun and that says, Oops, we'll go there. I don't think he's going to go. Uh, hey Nick, that's for you sweet hard. Real, uh, life right Nick. By the way, John Bene says, Particularly when they're day. Our night is there day. Our role in the investigation of John Bene's murder has to be. I think he's showing his group all with the, uh, the same blue shirt, the same cocky, a cacky pants. And he's still always got that same dispersion on his face like our real doofus man. In fact, he could be the next person. Right. Do you see a lot of similarities? Oh, God, nobody says do people look in his this way. Although, the difference I see, man, there is, is we know the presence responsible for a lot of people being dead. We're only, we can just take in this guy's word for it that he killed anybody. 12 13 at 5 60 W Q AM if you go back to school, it can be a little rough on the kids and a good night's sleep is critical for the development of healthy minds. That's for Gary Cernor says, You are, I thought we hired a copy person at this station. But yes, please let me know when they start. Okay. If your kids are having trouble adjusting the school night bedtime, it may be that's a lot of crappy old mattress. I've been using dollar mattress for a year is because I know that if you go to your bedding with a pharmacy, you're going to waste a lot of time money and expensive gas. But if you make that easy call at 1 800 mattress, you get to best deal all the way around. Save a lot of time and a lot of cash as well. And you'll also get the quality mattress that you're looking for that's great for you and your back. Gallim Actress can recommend the mattress for kids of any age having to bed delivered to 10 at 8 in time. You choose seven days a week. Just give the gallim Actress a tour window between 8 in the morning and 10 PM. They can even deliver the mattress the same day as you call. So pick up that instrument right now, call 1 800 mattress and you get the best selection and the best prices on the ceiling. Sort of Simmons King Quill, Trevor Pentech and Stewards Ambidanis Foster 2. Check for low prices online at mattress.com or make that easy call. They'll be knocking on your dough when no time at all. Call dial a mattress toll free 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES. Leave off the last S because it stands for saving. This is the real Roger. What's all this is 5.62. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. Hi, it's time to go with OBSC. You're safety. In the EFORCH. You did it. Leave off your shoes. Okay. Yeah. Reboot your a shat toll k. What else do you require, with me? I require you to remove your pad. Oh okay. Do you have any drugs? No. Do you have any drugs? No. Do you have any juices? No. By the way, did you know the human body is 60% water? That's an equity. Yeah. Kill it, that's all. This message paid for it. My TSA, her skin security, a whole. So, in 1985, 60, only 42 pass the matches in 75 cigarette lighter. So, it's all I can tell you is to take on starting now. And the flame thrower. Did you say, FUNNY! Robert Fiss, rise in the independent. That's my favorite newspaper in the world. A case you didn't know that. By the way, a case you didn't know that. Take it allegedly. The rumor is going off changing format, March 1. No more all sports across the street. Because evidently, Joel Fiverr's daddy is tired of flesh and all that money down the street. But $8 million they've lost and asked before this dolphin season. They're going to lose over $10 million to be for the family shut that's figured off on the freeway. Would you call me? How do you like that? They're going to lose over $10 million and that is just real tired of it. It was an unbacicling ego exercise. That's what it always is. Put in these sports stations on here. It's an exercise in ego. You know what I'm saying? Like a dead guest like Greg Reed, who's a big sports center. You know, he's into that sport. That's all he knows. It's sports and get laid. Which team is this for? That's it. And the same was two with that fan, which lasted about how many minutes did that last? It's not third man. And then there was that 94 of the INZ. What would they call that? Our effects, right? Okay. Yeah. It's all blurred to me. Oh yeah. Our effects. That was going to be the big, go Fox Sports thing there. How many seconds? It's not third man. Seconds that lasted on here. In fact, that's where our car says buddy Stugots was over there for a while. Before his daddy also decided to buy his way into making him general manager over across in three. I mean, that would be like saying that Robert Greeper is going to be the president of general Motors. I mean, it's just a concept of it. It's so idiotic. And you've been it now. Stugots is general manager of the ticket over there. Yeah, right. Talk about a weiner. Robert Fiskwis, in the independent and the face of Bush's lies, it's left to us side to tell the truth. Well, that's about as much of it in Diamond as you can get, you know what? What's this brought saying about poor John Beneck? Why are she still dead? Robert Fiskwis says in the sparse, bathed drying rooms of Damascus, reality often see often seems a long ways away. But it was a sign of the times that President Bashar al-Assad was able to bring the great and the good of Damascus to their feet by the simple token of telling the truth, which no other air bleeder has chosen to do these past five weeks, that the Lebanese, his bill like the real army, has an effect. One is round their war with Israel. Absolutely correct. There was plenty of hyperbally in the Assad speech, a conflict that has cost a thousand Lebanese civilian lives can hardly be called a glorious battle, but he did at least reflect more reality than his opposite number in Washington, who driven by self-delusion or his love of Israel, claimed that his bill I have been defeated in Lebanon. Israel's victory in Lebanon presumably has to be added to our own famous victories in Iraq and Afghanistan. Syria and Iran, according to Mr. Bush, were responsible for the suffering of Lebanon, which contains the seeds of truth and sensible of provoked as war by characterizing two Israeli soldiers and killing three other July 12th, although it wasn't a Syrian or Iranian air force that was slaughtering the convoy of innocent refugees of Indians and Lebanon, so it was that President Assad must have enjoyed his little paroration in Damascus yesterday. This is an American administration that adopts the principles of preemptive war that is absolutely contradictory to the principle of peace he said, consequently, we can all accept peace soon or any foreseeable future. Mr. Assad can say that again, indeed there is no more sign that his bill I intend to disarm on to be terms of UN Security Council resolutions 1559 and 1701, then Israel is prepared to abide by UN Security Council resolution 242 and withdraw from Arab territories in occupied 1967. However, in case you wonder how are we saying that, why do you always say that? Eisenhower is just saying, okay, like he was also a literary. I have. It is clear that President Assad now sees himself back at the center of Arab power after his army simulating retreat from Lebanon last year. There was no more need for defeatism among Arabs, he said, a sentiment widely held in the real Arab world, but quite absent from President Bush's fantasy Middle East. That it should be Syria of all nations which can state this to so much applause, probably says more about Washington than it does about Damascus. And it is of course the return of the Israeli occupied Syrian golem Heights, CUN resolution 242, the rise behind this whole disaster is war. The truth is, as we open its attack on Lebanon, but claiming the Lebanese government was responsible for his bulls attack, which it clearly was not, and that its military actions were the chief liberation of the captured soldiers. This, the Israelis have signally failed to do. The loss of 40 soldiers in just 36 hours, and his successful his beloved tax against Israeli armor and Lebanon, worried the zester for the Israeli army. The fact that Syria could bellow about the achievements of his beloved, avoiding the destruction of a blade of grass inside Syria, suggests that cynicism that has yet to be grasped in the Arab world, but for now Syria has won. Iran is his beloved's principal supporter clearly thinks so too. President Ahmad Dinnajad, who usually talks far more than he thinks, condemned the US for his plying Israel with the weapons he used in Lebanese civilians, perfectly true. But he did not say his beloved's missiles come from a new generation Iranian arsenal that didn't even exist during the 80-80-80-Rand Iraq war. While the US will be keen to assess the effectiveness of its weapons, albeit largely use on civilians, no one should doubt that Iran will also be assessing the success of its new missiles and the effect of the Israeli army. Sounds like a recipe for real, uh, picnic, don't it? It's going to be fun. Watch out for the ants. And Uncle, why are you out of good article here? Here, my Ruth Rosen. Ruth Rosen. Oh, I wonder she's kin. Oliver Stone, 911, and the big line. Are you sure it is how it didn't see that movie, did you? Which one? The world trains forward. Are you kidding me? I thought we knew each other. I did not post a skating review of it while I was doing the story. Well, Ruth Rosen has an even more skating and is very long, so I'm going to do the break now with a minute early. But Oliver Stone, 911, and the big line is so good. From TomDispatch.com, what happened to him? He used to make, you know, anti-war movies, things like that. Oliver Stone? Yeah. Sellout. Apparently. Luzer. And of course, anybody that made that movie, you talk talk radio. What are the hell of a toy? I think they've been born on the 4th of July and 2nd, too, which we're seeing. Yeah, yeah, a couple of good ones that he had some real turkeys in there, too, man. Some real goblet. There's no doubt. 1225 at 5.60 QAM. We got Curtis in 2 and in 4. Oh, so cool. Beware. This is Neil Rogers. This is 16.28. Dude. It's the hottest summer on record, and that raises the danger of celebrity meltdowns. Protect yourself with these simple steps. Drink 20 of Louisville and let your relatives and all of them go hand. Stay near a fan unless you're star-jones and you don't have any fans left. Infants are particularly sensitive to heat. Keep yours out of the sun and out of sight. Buy the clue to them in a Scientology Center. Monitor your symptoms. If you're weak, dizzy, and bloated, you could have heat stroke. Or you could be midnight shammalons new movie. This has been a public service message from the summer's celebrity meltdown foundation. Reminding celebrity to play a cool. And stay out of hot water. Stakes out of plane 1231 plane into one. Yeah, that's the movie I'm going to make. Stakes out of the good. What kind of stakes? The light? Oliver. Ruth Rosen writes Oliver Stone. We can have Oliver Stone directed. And the big lie. When World Trade Center ended, I left the theater tense. My muscles aching. The superb directing enacting couple with so hardly imaginable scenes of death and destruction. Had sent painful and muscle spasms up my back. You both tears and left me yet again with searing and indelible images of that Hellish morning. I felt as oriented in the bright sunlight of an northern California afternoon. As my mind regained its critical faculties, however, it other kind of shocks it in. I suddenly realized that Oliver Stone's movie reinforces the big lie. And was repeated by Dick Cheney, echoed an amplified by the right-wing media. The 911 was somehow linked to a rack or supported by a rocky dictator, Sodom was saying. It might surprise you that this Oliver Stone film is either ideological norcissive. The idea logical norcensperiatorial, which in my view is just as it should be. Instead, it's a portrayal of what the men who brave-tailed the families who angrived over their survival experience. World Trade Center gives 911 a distinctly human face by following two port authority policemen and their families. We watched the men mustered their courage to help evacuate people in one of the towers. We gasped as their burry to live. We went since heavy slabs of cement crushed their bodies. And we hold our breath as they struggle to keep each other going in the face of imminent death. Experts editing brings us the angrily suffered by their wives children and relatives, somewhere in denial others in shock, some have faith others are resounded the men's deaths. They live in their own hell and we empathize with their wretched agony. With the subtle touch, Stone shows us people all over the planet horrified by television images of the airplanes crashing into the towers. It reminds us that the people of the world expressed an outforing of sympathy since been squandered by the Bush administration. Meanwhile, Stone introduces us to one ex-maring who feels called by God and help rescue those buried alive. He gets his hair cut short, puts on his old uniform, and will all the authority of a former staff sergeant does what he knows best. He uses his military skills to save people's lives. Determined in angry insists that we must avenge this horrendous attack. We also watched a group of Wisconsin policemen viewing the terrorist attacks on television, one screen's out, the bastards, still in other words, captures the desire for revenge already in the year. And yet, in none of these profoundly moving scenes is the reason I mention of whom I have committed this atrocity. Needs of the name Al Qaeda, Norosamov and Llamis, so much as whispered. You might say, but everyone knows it was Al Qaeda, and you'd be right, but to most Americans we know just who those terrorist were, or that they had no connection to Iraq, they're not a single one of them team even from that country. It doesn't sound very important until you realize that various polls over the last five years have reported from 20 to 50 percent of Americans still believe Iraqis were on those planes. They were not. As of early 2005, according to a Harris pool, 47 percent of Americans were convinced that Saddam Hussein actually helped plan the attack and supported the hijackers. And in February 2006, according to a unique Zagby poll of American troops serving in Iraq, 85 percent of the US mission is mainly to retaliate for Saddam's role in 9-11 attack. 77 percent of the also believed the main or major reason for the war was to stop Saddam from protecting Al Qaeda in Iraq. The big lie, first coined by Adolf Hitler in 1925 and his autobiography, MindConf, was made famous by Joseph Gerval's propaganda minister for the third life. The idea was simple enough, telewapered, larger the better, often enough, and most people will come to accept it as the truth. During WWII, the predecessor of the CIA, the office of the Strategic Services, described how the Germans used the big lie. They never allowed the public to cool off, never admit a fault or wrong. Never conceived that to maybe some good in your enemy, never leave room for alternative, never accept blame, concentrate on one enemy at a time and blame him for everything that goes wrong. People will believe a big lie sooner than a little one, and if we repeat it often enough, people will soon or later believe it. This is, in fact, just what the Bush administration has been doing ever since 9-11. As a result, in 2005, an ABC Washington Post poll found that 56 percent of Americans still thought Iraq had possessed weapons of mass destruction shortly before the war, and 60 percent still believed Iraq had provided direct support to Al-Qaeda prior to the war. In June 2006, Fox News ran a story once again dramatizing the supposed links between 9-11 and Iraq, and as recently as July of this year, a Harris poll at Slice Month, a Harris poll found that 64 percent of those polls say it is true that Saddam Hussein had strong links to Al-Qaeda. The Bush administration's big lie has worked very well. The 15-year-old Trumpman in this particular lie has repeated it year after year, in a similar way, George Bush has repeatedly explained his 2003 invasion of Iraq, which had nothing whatsoever to do with 9-11, by assuming that we must fight terrorist and that country so that we don't have to fight them here. It turned out to be something of a self-fulfilling prophecy. Neither these nor so many other administration statements had a shred of truth to them. Even the president who repeatedly linked Saddam Hussein to the terrorist organization behind the 9-11 attacks admitted on September 18, 2003, that there was no evidence to be deposed to Iraqi dictator had any hand in them. But that didn't stop the vice president from endlessly repeating the big lie that justifies his country's invasion and occupation of Iraq. Most of the controversy over World Trade Center was focused on whether as the fifth anniversary of the attack approaches, but it is still too soon for a cinematic depiction of these horrendous events. For some people perhaps they may have met me well be the case. I myself don't think it's too soon for such a film, but I do worry that powerful and evocative as it is, it may however inadvertently only deepen waning support for the war in Iraq. Despite the near flood of documentaries on the terrorist attacks heading toward the small screen of September, still on the film for many of our hands may end up being the definitive cinematic record of what it felt like to be inside the Hellish Cyclone, known simply by the numbers 9-11. To offer a faithful recreation of that historical catastrophe, our first stone-awr old viewers, the whole truth, not merely a brilliant graphic portrayal of what happened and how it affected the lives of some of those involved. As it ends, a written postcript appears that describes what happened at the buried port Authority policemen, their families in the X-Marine who have to rescue them, whose last line is, we're going to need some good men out there to re-vind this. We learned that the two men survived an unbearable number of surgeries in our living with their families, and as we read that the X-Marine re-opted, limited two tours of duty in Iraq. At that moment I wanted to shout out, don't you mean Afghanistan? Then I imagine the satisfaction of Dick Cheney and Sir Luzer Senator Julie Germond were taken, there's not quite spelled out linkage of 9-11 in Iraq. I kept waiting for what never came, even in note in the postcript reminding the audience, of those who would actually commit it to crime. This is where biomission stones still men's up reinforcing the administration's big lie. You could easily evlet the theater thinking that the St. Louis X-Marine got off to fight those who attacked our country. That evening I wrote a word that should have appeared in the postcript. Germond officials later confirmed that the organization which taught the destruction of the World Trade Center was al-Qaeda led by Osama bin Laden, a Saudi Arabia, and I'm in Al-Zawah, here in Egyptian. 19 men executed the attacks on the World Trade Center in the Pentagon, 15 of them came from Saudi Arabia, the remaining from Egypt, the United Arab Emirates and Lebanon, none of them came from Iraq, not a one. What happened to Oliver Stone, the filmmaker who gave us platoon, born on the Fourth of July, Wall Street, and Nixon? I think George has said that. Despite his conspiratorial foibles in JFK, he has long been a movie maker dedicated to raising tough questions about our American past. Where did his commitment to opening historical subjects for debate go? He was right not to politicize this film, but truth telling required that he identified the terrorists. Truth telling would have resulted in helping to dismantle the big lie that resulted in the deaths of so many American soldiers and Iraqi civilians, and as tons direct into chaos in civil war. How could Oliver Stone leave it up to viewers to discover for themselves who committed this crime? How can he leave the audience for the impression that there was a connection as Dictini has never stopped saying between 9-11 and Iraq? This is the tragic failure of Stone's World Trade Center, and undercuts the historical value of the film, and reinforces the biggest lie of the last five years, still believed by far too many Americans that in Iraq were fighting those who attacked our country. Like George, they should not attack us. That's right. I'll teach him the dude again. Historian and journalist, Ruth Rose, Nae, former commons for the LA Times and the San Francisco Aquaticle, teaches at the University of California, Berkeley, and is a senior fellow at the Longview Institute. I wonder if she is much of a fellow as Condemliesa. That's what they were saying at the World's World AIDS Conference. They're Condemliesa. That's what Bubba was saying. Like I said, Top has Bubba. Look what we got. Oh my God. It's just super fine. I mean, when two nights ago they were debating on Joe Scarborough, they're right wing Joe Scarborough on MSNBC, whether Bush is really a moron. And you know, they keep showing us. What's this guy's name, Joe Wack Schmack? Right there on the right-hand side of the screen. The guy in Thailand who says he could tell a fruit club. The boy that's now from Boulder, Kyle. Have you ever seen a stranger looking to do that in your life? Pretty bizarre. He makes the fruit be done after it's a reception desk look normal. I mean, I've never seen any. No, I'm not. Don't go play. He reminds me of the thing. Remember the thing? I don't remember. Or does it say I was a ghost? Oh, doesn't he remind you of that? He does. He looks like a thing. Strange. But the things that was mentioned is he's half the Davis. The third one, half the Davis. The rest one, half the Davis. Those are under seal over. So thank God we can forget all about Israel and Lesbidon and about terror warnings and liquids on airplanes and all the dead people in Iraq. Now we got something really important, okay? And don't you dare. I'm not a ghost. I'm a ghost. I'm a ghost. You all are in apology. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516A. So good. We know we're old. Where there's a place that has more bombs than the Middle East. Your local theater. We bring you the sequel through snakes on a plane. Shakes on a plane. What do you like on the refreshment? I'll have a coffee. I'm sorry. We only have snakes though. We have profit, profit, vanilla, banana, and your choice. Take a shake, shake, and put it in the cookies. Peace. Let's say I hate to know. I'm allergic to straw, but it's only a place. But only if two hour flights hurt you. Look for me. I'm a giant of gray-o. You don't want to bother with it. I don't know. It just makes me long for the days of sexiest students in puns. Don't do sex. On a plane. What's this? Shakes on a plane. Shakes on a plane. Shakes on a plane? Shakes on a plane. Don't do sex. Don't do sex. Don't do sex. Don't do sex. Don't do sex. Don't do sex. Don't do sex. Don't do sex. Don't do sex. Don't do sex. I'd like to complain but they've been with you It's the worst life I ever had And I've gone out and smug in my dad So I'm Jackson What can you do? I'd like to complain but they've been with you I've never seen those I stay to the plane I'm just chillin' to take it to train I don't know if I'm ready So let's take it to train About 46 and 56 is big enough of a stuff on the plane Yeah, the media they present like a little bit of a story And then you never really get to the story behind the story Right? So this crazy broad on this in an airline flight There was averted from London to Boston It was supposed to be a DC Come to fight out According to a CBS foreign Boston She was carrying a screwdriver Vaseline A book referencing Al Qaeda Along with matches And it seemed to be claustrophobic And I think like a crazy person A book referencing Al Qaeda Right That just means that the Al Qaeda is mentioned somewhere The book could have been a fiction area or something And at its coursemen said the pilot aboard Flight 9-23 declared an Inflite emergency after the altercation After she got up and started spinning around like a needle in heat United Airlines Flight touched down a low-in airport around 10-15 yesterday morning escorted by 250 military jets Based on the oldest international guard base Amazing how fast they can scramble those jets When something like this happens Couldn't do it on 9-11 though Did you see the footage of the jets accompanying the plane was pretty amazing All the passengers were moved from the plane Lugging cargo were removed Yadi-Adiati Authority swept the plane with bomb sniping dogs didn't find anything Of course and the suspicious passenger would take it on the plane I still say anybody who asked up on a plane When they'd make the emergency landing or whatever they have to do They would take them off the plane and tie them to a cross like Jesus Everybody who was on a plane all the passengers who behave like living in building human beings Take a baseball bat and beat the crap out of them I don't think they'll be doing it again What do you think? Especially if they beat them to death That would be one more way to stop it I'll look at the CNN trying to get the story about how the Pakistanis arrested Some of the senior al-Qaeda commander linked to the London plane bombing plane Allegedly and linked to Osama and I'm in the Piamin I'm taking a look at all this stuff and I'm starting to think Well, let's see it's still in the middle of August and all these other big deals Have blown up in the Neocons face How about if all of a sudden before the November elections They knock on the door that beautiful sweet in the French Riviera Where they got the Osama and I'm in the Piamin hold up Surprise! Times up Are they fired Osama? What do you think? That would be something Yeah 1200 is something's going to happen You wait there will be an October or very early November surprise Trust me when I tell you because these surprises right now Or not surprising the way they thought they were going to be What is more on it guys? And now quite publicly that is taking its course Our senior legal analyst Jeffrey Tube What is the illegal analyst? 1200 one votes on a pool like I said, you can tell you Elvis dollar rest of the week Oh boy Well that's tomorrow Which of these people places or things do you care about the least? You know what we should have put Elvis on there Let's do it Let's do it for the money Let me still do it you got to tell them our morning All right And by the way I noticed it before I went to vacation You finally got smart Don Adams would have been very proud I want to keep telling you about I think it was like right after the show George put the pool for the next day on air Just got his thousand votes Did that rise? See? And I went back to the old cash money Well that's because you don't come up with a pool or you know Keep stalling Well I like it was something difficult to come up with a new and nifty pool idea You're the only one that can do that well Oh yeah Which of these people places or things do you care about the least? 111 votes now And the votes are pouring in here Man even the bush people in the folks that dive old can make the votes come in that fast Well You know really when you come right down or before we'd the poor result I was thinking about this last night What we've had we've had a blahblas cool in the US Right We've had a blahblas cool And that is that George Boards dictating in the neocons stole two elections in a row Have taken control of America and its foreign policy And it's everything else It's laws or what used to be laws And nobody says a peep peep And the mainstream media that worried about this Swimpy looking guy over there in Thailand The record Who looks like Tony Perkins on a bad day The tuition and how much they share I'll a lot of heavy duty shock therapy Good guy Maybe that's what they would do to give this guy a lecture shock You think? Can't hurt? Well I mean it can hurt Or a lecture shave Anyway American Idol 195 They care about that the least It's been leaving all the way but it's getting stiff competition from celebrity poker 173 And speaking of poker, Britney Spears 147 A lot of guys still would like to And spite of all her plummeters Lance Bass I wonder if a lot of guys want to You frown Ha ha ha ha 135 Well sure wouldn't be the first time Religion 107 Or you ever take that course? Religion 107 Yeah, he could have cast Rho 61 That is this piece Oh god He looked really bad there When he was with Hugo Chavez It's lean and bend Like real He looked marginally better than Ariel Sharon Though I will say that More and I hate this pool 58 only 4.7% Why if you like our top or something here with this pool John by the Ramsey 53 What are you better get used to it in an American court for the first time Which it sounds like will be within a week Wow Milk it for all you can guys John by the that's the important thing How what what what was the year the murder How many years ago was it? I don't know five or six Get out of here Eight or nine Let's see Let me find this thing Second remember I've only 400 stories on this Where where the hell is the thing? 1996 or it's 10 years almost It was a long time They have to Christmas 10 years ago I knew it was a long time I mean I'm not not that it was a horrible thing And she was a cute little kid in the audio audio and all that stuff But how about all the kids that got killed and Lebanon There was one baby that I think they said was like a couple hours old Or didn't this much that Oh yeah you're right Didn't have a chance to look around and see all the blood shit and murder Anyway a job in a 53 Get used to it man You're going to have job in a community You're going to have to get used to it Now Gibson 48 But that's your pass pretty quick Did it? Yeah that pass better than a fashion than an old egg fart Israel 45 Terror Alerts 38 Florida Panthers 36 I think there's a lot of Terror going to be there First I said let Bobby LaWonggo go go go go go go go This all kid they got from Vancouver he couldn't stop a bowling ball from 60 yards away He's pretty weak But then again that's hockey stuff I'll start with that hockey talk Okay because then the audience at that point didn't get really pissed off Yeah Don't put up with almost anything else Respond to this question Bradley is too small to play in any job Oh I would see what do you think there's a two small Florida Panthers 36 Zero Ford 29 Shack Fakt 29 Terror about him less than anything in the world just about I would agree with that Zero Ford 29 Shack just moved up to About third man Miami Dolphins 22 Boy they're going to suck this year or what Marlins 21 Iraq 11 in politics for boy if they lost eight million dollars already across the street If you missed the beginning of the showman you missed some real heavy duty stuff This is in fact wouldn't surprise me that every water cooler all of us south Florida and all around the world That's what people are talking about now not Iraq not Lisbon on not jambony but about the ticket going off the sports format March 1 And trying to think I'm trying to figure out who would have been over there crying I mean we know who the moles are at I at the clergy and we know who those people are At least I do but who would Josh is mole of an across the street he got it third hand third hand from people in here And who said it was across the street? Oh well where did they get it somewhere now this wasn't carrots that told you that nope Terror wouldn't tell you the time of day if you paid him fifty bucks I guarantee that right at least he wouldn't tell you the right time anyway So somebody over there told somebody in there who told you see this is the way that ugly rumors get started That's right sure hope it's I sure of it's true and I'm because there are any really competition But because of the fact that they deserve it because they're so mistaken bad and because they tried to use all their buddies at the hero Greg Code tax and Danny LaBagster They try to use that and very jackass of course See why is it that when somebody will do anything of his power to hurt you that you turn around and keep using Seriously why is it that our general managers no matter which one has been always using very jackass and funneling information to him Well, what's the purpose in that every time there's been another sports station company town. I was had how many so far Not so far And knock us off the block. It's on a front page of the hero big headlines bigger than a rack bigger than nine eleven anything else Oh new sports agent all said to not QAM off like it's yeah, well just wait the next one. They do that'll be the one. Oh, yeah That's the one great Paris going to start. I can't wait to see that And I hear what's the jay her rich the janitor is going to be the GM two. That's the room around here And probably be the crap. Oh, and maybe they can get back more testies to straw This is new rush This is five sixty two But stop on to two. Oh, very Tonight on Fox lock up the bagels and cream cheese and prepare for wild ride and socks present when Jews attack sponsored by the committee to elect George W. Bush and by KFC Where you can get the new GOP bucket that's you'll keep bucket is all white meat right wing the 0.29 95 when Jews attack Between 9-9 ult Remember The camel's got these names from the red flag On the red flag On the red flag The red flag of the red flag They gave a picture of their ass On the red flag On the red flag On the red flag They gave a what they wanted They gave a breezy star They seemed their birthday With the flag On the red flag On the red flag On the red flag On the red flag On the red flag They gave a picture of the red flag On the red flag On the red flag On the red flag On the red flag On the red flag On the red flag On the red flag On the red flag I think this is a picture of the Birthday Day Day Day This is a picture of the So John Mark Carr Guy Now the Canadian Press is Quarterly Tyde Polis He claims that he drugged and had sex With John been a before-de Okay He merks us back in the killing of John Ben A told investors that he drugged That sex with the six-year-old Becorrection accidentally killing her Oh, this is just so convoluted Man is like all these pages And they were like all disconnected And autopsy on Man's he said a blood screen showed No drugs or a call in her body but since she had Vagital abrasions Lieutenant General over the 87 letters in his name Head of Tallahins and Regions Police said by Telephone That he was not present for the questioning which was conducted By U.S. Law Enforcement Officials According to what the General said he was told to the questioning the suspect John Mark Carr Wow City drugged the child So why did not say he would brief him on a questioning U.S. officials could immediately be reached for comment He claimed he had sex with Ramsay He was still alive He said he then realized he had accidentally killed her Thought that she hit like um Was it a hairbrush or Some wooden like a hatch like eight inches long on her head Somebody says it like that Yeah Well, maybe he just wanted to make it look like a break-in On a day by day on an hour by hour That's what you're gonna be here man day by hour by hour minute by minute second by second But a beep by the book but about job, but a this and John but a that holy moly man This is almost as good as a alien but not quite if she would have just been like Mexican or something You know It probably 1242 we got a shot of 1300 today. What do you say? I think if we make 1300 by two o'clock. I'm not coming back till Tuesday. What do you say? All right Now I saw a picture on it my space page of ours and it looked to be like Josh and that guy from the dog the bounty hunter I'm sorry me Yeah, and that guy dog Who's that guy? I didn't know why in a while Seriously, and that's gotta be what I know what's holding oh Yeah, I'm with I'm holding it. Oh, but it's not a very clear picture. You can't see Well, you gotta open it buddy. You don't know how co-organ with the co-zone look like The dog the bounty hunter if you had a big rooster tail Mullet yeah, and I can't see I don't know that that's where I thought it was because that show pisses me off What does that show are doing on a and a what is what is what is true? I'm running up got it minutes on it like 75 times for crazy It has good rickening Where you watch it? I have watched it. I have no idea when it's on though. Oh Well, I'll tell you right now. Let me go to the a EG here Let's see city confidential. I'm medican just out of wait. What's what's not fun about rounding up scumbags and Tackling into the garden. Oh Sorry dumpo George you know pump for guy it's that trombone baby. Is that what it is? Let's see the first one here. I guess it's not on tonight, but it's that they have like four episodes side by each back I don't know what it's on but I'll confess if I'm flipping I'll I'll see the bounty hunter. It's a fair big guy the fact that you would watch that it just makes me want Right it's it's high comedy. Wow They they can you absolutely go around and I think of what kind of high comedy is okay? Hi, howdy. Yeah, hi Not as funny as that anyway there they're all over this Jombone guy like stink on the Joyce man, oh man. They're just all over it But this this verse out what I've been telling you for years oh look at I just turned an MSNBC to get away from it I know they're in the streets and I understand the need to to act Because of exigent circumstances, but I think there's steps that you can take This is not a human in fact. I'm positive. What was the guy's name in and that's I find we that Came from out of space or whatever was which one there? Several like you know the one I'm talking about Where they were all chasing after him after the spaceship or what was his name with the real funny shaped head Cloud rains no, not cloud rains. We were talking about this a few weeks ago Michael Rennie Michael Rennie Who definitely looks like he could have been on the ship and this guy looks like a smaller Wimpy version of Michael Rennie like like somebody shrunk him like in the closed rire just the Tsar Well anyway just in case you missed it You're on apology just like for Robert Duball said and got five or two ever that to who My client's own the politics senator don't you remember by a father Jai right My Frankie Pan tangyly was on there, but I mean, but it would put about by the no no godfather Dick Cheney malignancy on the American polity rights the O'San in the Portland Press Herald That Dick Cheney says the darnedest things armed with insider info that the British were about to bust up a tear Flock Cheney left the defense of Senator Julie were mid Democratic Connecticut and a rare conference call with reporters Those who voted for Lieberman's challenge are we're giving out kind of types even comfort Cheney said The White House and Republican National Committee Chair Ken Melman quickly moved in lockstep to claim that the entire Democratic Party Share the motors of rest of Connecticut primary voters who gave metal amount of close victory He had white house a leader insisted that neither Cheney nor anybody else was trying to exploit the British successful partisan advantage Right if it walks like a scum and waves its fan in the year before spring stink its a scum even if it goes by the title of ice president The Bush administration has routinely designated Cheney to attack its perceived enemies and rarely does the main disappoint By this but this time the once respectable congressman from Wyoming has sunk to a new low Not that astounding acts of political foot sparr for interior for Cheney recall that the former however And CEO attached himself to the Bush candidacy as an adviser vetting potential vice presidential candidates before a noiting himself to the post Since then Cheney has relentlessly tried to expand the power of the presidency Using questionable theories of constitutional power and an intent to relegate Congress in the course to the sideline Fortunately the West Supreme Court in Hamden versus Rumsfeld reviewed the plotters and Cheney's ambit even if Cheney's gang hasn't figured out a way around Hamden yet They sure know how to perfume the air in campaign season. I guess they stick their fany up the air and like Throw the trombone There's absolutely no reason for any thinking person to be confident that the US is any safer than it was on September 10, 2001 The preemptive strike on Iraq and the abdef even criminal failure to plan for that country stability Estirner rack in a way global recruiting center for Islamic terrorists Into the regional power vacuum has stepped Iran which is encouraging Iraqi CI death squads his below Hamas and anyone else who can divert American attention from the Iranian march toward nuclear weapons capability Lastly forget the Middle East instability on court by our bungling Iraq is out of a significant risk Premium to each barrel of oil helping the mollus and hurting ordinary Americans Thank you Mr. President for those old gas prices you forgot that today Meanwhile five years after 9 11 the administration and its enablers have failed the past meaningful legislation to protect our ports Or our vulnerable chemical plants they've neglected to push for bomb detectors able to sniff out the kind of liquid Explosive but identify this part of a 1995 Lkide of plot the bomber liners over the Pacific and they've decided that the Constitution should not apply to the presence along as we're engaged in the so-called war on terror It almost thinks that they're hoping for another attack before November to completely fight and voters out of their sensibilities But they've done a fine job cutting taxes for the wealthy have a name One can only hope that Americans will finally we dig this remarkably shameless bullization of the war There's some evidence that even the most partisan Republicans now perceive the vapidity of the false choice between Stay the course and cut and run Exhibit A R and C chair melman test drove the administration's new catchphrase Adapt to win during a Sunday appearance on meet the press except that according to those on the ground in Iraq Or not tied at the brain to the administration's failed approach US leaders Erasually rosy views are preventing the military for me to redacting or winning I think that the greatest problem that we deal beside the insurgents and militia is that our leadership has no real comprehension of the ground truth And unidentified military officers will be reported to have lasted or were planting newspapers Many have been surprised at what I have to say that I suspect that in the end nothing will be will or has changed How many more Americans in Iraqis are gonna die because of the administration's hubris don't think about that Think about the defeat of crats Is it all the Democrats fault? Tini wants you to believe that they're all against the war actually a good number of Democrats supported the war just not the abominable A moral hash that both Tini rumored all have made of it. The God forbid any of us question them God forbid baby otherwise you're gonna get the oh god You're just gonna kind of disappear for a few years. Never to be seen again. Guess what they're talking about on CNN all of that guy Let me turn over. Yes, what they're talking about on MSNBC is al-Mene and that's Hitler Now let me see if CBC has a sum to this level if there's still a can borrow Let me see if the CBC that it news to tell you about here at home Convector we had a different sense of energy or with more will not face any additional charges Well, I think at least we got a different child monster who adopted the abducted two little boys spreading around a little bit And what about the BBC you think they're all over job and a right now? No But seeing day 1996 and John Bernace is still mother. Oh, I'm looking for the What is this appearance from that home and ball the color of the year so Paris John and Patsy face persistent accusations that they were somehow involved The father once they're close to the Ramsay family when they've taken the color of order to face charges and murder kidnapping and child murder And oh forget he lived in Kanye's George you're very close to the Ramsay family Kanye is which I guess in Atlanta suburb is that in bunch of Yahoo's okay, where the Virgin Mary just not that many years ago In fact you can probably Google Kanye here, and we can get that stirring we'll do it during the break Virgin Mary was hanging out on the side of the bank building so that everybody would get would get turned on to Jesus when you think always works Now if she really wants to get the crowd's how come she don't put it like the neighborhood McDonald's or you know Kentucky front well like God she works in this serious way is that what it is and that overpass in Chicago, man. That was the best was water spots. Mm-hmm. Or was that water sports I lay pop little boy Thank you so much It's a Supergeus pretty to you as you all know I'm a huge fan of college athletics and the NCAA is a terrific organization Students Like his night shift competition is they do in the classroom Excuse me what is it Carl? This is the end double a C. Please not the NCAA You mean to tell me that all these people ain't basketball players Oh Joyce Bus does and care about black people you know when he went and spoke to the end of a C. P few weeks We would ever be like Hitler going and speaking to me for the Hadasa. Yeah, I just oh there he is again We must also prepare for the impact of the baby boomer generations for term But what does that have to do with John Bernay for crying a lot at least get this guy up to speed Were you missing you know have you read my pedote again? Anyway, I did my homework during the break. I a Google the Congress Georgia and the Virgin Mary Yeah, that a whole bunch of good stuff But I don't know that's what year this one. Oh The good news is those since it's only August 17. October 13. That's the big day. Tuesday, October 13 was the day of this Congress, Georgia more than a hundred thousand pilgrims were converging on a rustic farm in Georgia Tuesday to await what they believe will be a Final message from the Virgin Mary. I think this was 98 the faithful began gathering over the weekend At the farmer former nurse Nancy Fowler she's kind like the Rosa Lopez of Congress I say remember Rosa Lopez and oh yeah Virgin Mary who kept up shown upon her Toteena's piece of the net of course. Don't forget that toasted she's sandwich The faithful began gathering over the weekend at the farmer former nurse Nancy Fowler's related messages She says are from the Virgin Mary over the past seven years the farm is located on the hilly terrain 35 miles east of Atlanta She had told you I know my Atlanta suburb is baby not The annual of that which is not sanctioned by the local Roman Catholic Hauer he drew 30,000 New Hebrews last year, but the Rockdale County Sheriff's Department estimated between a hundred thousand and 150,000 people will turn out this year. You're never gonna guess who one of the Getskies was who's stuck to come yours Georgia I'm not against the full name on here. I provide doctor Dr. Marl. Oh no his wife. Oh boy. X. Why huh? Well, the time he told me about it that they were still married but then later on she became his ex-wife I say so when you stop to think about this kind of put two and two together and get 87 86 in her case Fowler 47 is told the faithful this will be the last message the Virgin Mary will issue through her to the public Fowler says he's received hundreds of private messages from the Virgin Mary in Jesus since 1983 private messages like That else stay things like that like whispering in a rear I understand from our lady that next year will be the last or for pop although before each message there's like a little trumpet sound I understand from our lady that next year will be the last of her public messages Fowler told programs last year as mother said my life will continue But the public messages will come to win end Many Catholic leaders in the region have distance themselves from followers claims Archbishop James like wrote to presing he doubted the authenticity of followers apparitions and urged into discouraged visits to the farm Rockdale County authorities have also expressed concern about the influx of visitors in the largely rural county with a population of 60,000 oh counties only 60,000 and yet they were given like up to 150,000 in there to hear the message from the Virgin Mary Well, there was also a place up in the round Tallahassee someone to pan ahead of where we hit one of these where the hell was that? Remember I do up in I think it might have been the Tampa area or something I think that was the one on the side of the bank proved that you were like was near St. P Which was which was just the soap film from when they put a they had a Christmas No, it was not or there's already you idiot you he'd been bastard you're gonna rot in hell soap film my ass We'll go get a brush This is a white angle lens In 91 the county helped in permanent followers of post signs warning pilgrims about the water from a well on her property the well Which followers said Jesus blessed and an appearance tour tested positive for California for bacteria a lot Back to Jesus stuck it in there, you know because you know what they say is you said moments ago He works in mysterious way that's right in 1992 the county has followed and helped regulate the flow of vehicles Endering and leaving the farm after a traffic jam prevented emergency workers from reaching elderly woman with heart problems You would have thought that if the Virgin Mary or Jesus were there, they wouldn't have to worry about getting some Emergency worker in there, right? He could have just waved his little pinky Just like this this kind of scissor killed jaman it man, can you see him leaving his little pinky probably going to fight what are we're all the whisked that thing is I'm telling you it's the thing all of you things It all those things though was a snappy address when that old tweet Jackie you know that been really the very wide short Tine and that little boy baseball hat I know if I was gonna go audition for a job. I'd sure dressed up in an outfit like that if you were a metal reject In 1993 the Atlanta Constitution says the county threatened to clear large crowds of the farm and public nuisance Much of heave and bastards the complaint failed to deter the public however in November that you're 80,000 people showed up the largest gathering so far You know, this is peaked my curiosity speaking of Atlanta suburbs and we've discussed this before or you know All one of the songs is I got on that iPod Thanks to you by the way, which you don't even probably know they put it on there doling banjoes. Oh You're right. It was a head. I understand it wasn't hit and it's great and of course it's so ridiculous But such a great movie entry race course. I guess I better put Georgia on there. I don't even know is there such a place as what entry race course? Georgia entry entry. No, I don't I don't think there is a entry I'm wherever don't go to a entry I'll sure you gotta go somewhere done it Never slain. Let's see all a entry Alpharated Georgia mac quest maps trip 115 entry. I don't know what that means and I heard the map just came up from that quest And there's a star although it looks like it's a five pointed star not the right kind How do you like that? So I guess there is this entry something It's right near wall wall. We're here. I typed it in and I got with lines from deliverance This river don't go to entry get out of here. I'm telling you Aintree and I got all kinds of stuff here. I don't think you're just telling it the same way I'm in TR EE Aintree one in the movie it's a entry court Alfredo Jordan is an industry now for an adjoider in the movie It's spelled a n t r e and T Oh, entry. It's just that the redneck keeps saying no, it's not spelled that way. That's the way the red Yeah, who was pronounced and he was called an entry telling you entry Because because when he was asking them where they were going they all said Aintree not an entry from the movie came up It not that the script and it was sitting and tree. Yeah, he was trying to ban you in that retard He was up in entry with the beeslees Oh, speaking a Yahoo's man and this kind of stuff car spur West Virginia, you know when you stop and try to think and I've heard it as so many times It's very sad because I guess it's a young young person growing up. I kind of thought I don't know There was like the deep south and then it was like more civilized people maybe West upon time that was too I doubt it though because look on the map and West Virginia said right there just right next to Pennsylvania, you know, and you know It took of like redmatched in deep south when you think of Pennsylvania, do you not generally but West Virginia you betcha Clarksburg West Virginia, although they do have weaning downs One of any Davis's over there. I'm sure he has the Harrison County, and of course any Davis junior The Harrison County Board of Education said to his needle fight civil liberties groups efforts to remove a painting of Jesus Christ at Bridgeport High School, which is not too far from entry The board vowed earlier is a death old thing. Yeah, oh, let's hear some of this. This is this is sweet Man, this is great. I ain't long, you know, I know the bed eat it. Let's hear the whole thing Well, this isn't a bed No, they're cute It is strong if it doesn't have singing He has an instrument Hey, it takes forever to get going Silent, but as you know, I just turned it the other day, but it's worth once it does and see you got to conjure up your mind John Void is Doing this new way with his view terrors with a band drove into three and of course that's what makes it even so much more ridiculous Is that all of a sudden this retard is like this Bringing music in my way. We may be even in piety of survived The only thing you could do I really was very good driver. Why is it doing bangers when a one band owned one guitar That was on the brainless days. It's a very good drive. I'm gonna get my moonshine jug, right? Here we go Young Goodalle, you're good, Detective�를ember digitists' Park's life was Virginia. The Harrison County Board of Education said this week it will fight civil liberties groups efforts to remove a painting of Jesus and brick fort high school. The board got earlier not to spend public money defending itself but to give an outside interest a two-day deadline to raise at least 150 grand for a fence pond. That goal was surpassed board member Mike Queen said after the board met in private. The board is moving forward Queen told a cheering audience about 50 people, many of whom were white t-shirts that read, you can't take our Jesus down. I feel proud to be a West Virginia and American today because of what these people did here said after Mayff Nutter, who had over the fundraising, mayff Nutter. They said that would not be pushed out of their own porch. Americans united for separation of church and state and the West Virginia ACLU student federal court in June saying the painting had a price since the message that the school endorses Christianity its official religion, the painting which he fixed Jesus in Sepia tones on large canvas and hangs out what can brown do for you is that Sepia or Sepia, you choose. On large canvas and hangs outside the principal's office has been at the school for 37 years, a guidance that's elected behind upon retirement. Residents of the meetings said the issue was unified the community. It was just a matter of time that someone came along and tried to take away our freedom and said it he created an 185 Bridge Board high graduate. Very little executive director of Washington DC based Americans united for separate to church and state said the decision to fight the lawsuit could be a offensive of the defense. I think they have no chance to convince the court that a portrait of Jesus in high school doesn't promote Christianity. Well, he was Jewish for Christ's sake. Oops. On 29th of QA, I'm lobster feces back every weekend, man. Every Friday through Sunday at the Amor Coast. Why not this weekend take the whole gang to the best Chinese buffet anywhere in the neck of the woods you are? Three locations for others in Amor Coast in sunrise. Over 100 different items on them. And you in fact, you might want to try them all, especially if you're gluten for punishment. Start out with six gourmet soups. Then go for a New York steak. juicy and delicious grill the order just the way you love it. They've got your hand carved firmware. There's a sushi bar, all the traditional Asian dishes, Judaism's of them as well as a salad bar and even a sea bar. So much food waiting for you at the Amor Coast you won't know what to dive in next. And of course during the week they're dessert bars really special but on the weekends even more so because on weekends the 40 inch chocolate fountain will make you do all over your dummies as you hand if your strawberries, marshmallows, cheesecake and other neck and treats and loads of milk chocolate for dessert. A perfect ending to a major pig out of the Amor Coast and don't forget you'll never walk out of there with a pounding headache or a sweats because they don't use any MSD or cornstarchs. They don't use any crap in their cooking. Only healthy cholesterol freaking oil. Everything is delicious and good for you too. So bring the whole family to them. We're close for reservations call 9-5-4-5-7-238-229-5-4-5-7-238-222. Don't forget this weekend and every Friday through Sunday it's lobster fest waiting for you at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. This is a new Roger's what's solid this is 5-16-16 phases. That's not the one I was going to play. Yeah, terrible. Oh, here it is. So run the on. Okay, then. For fuck. You got down the road. Stop it, standing me. I'm on a tell-o-fanny what I heard of. I'm on a tell-o-fanny. I'm on a tell-o-fanny. I'm on a tell-o-fanny. I'm on a great up to singer five. Well, if somebody's got to go. You know, you don't reach rich, rich, you told the bird. But it's all in, any told or mother. Tell her, rather two don't stop you talk. I'm gonna tell everything I know. I'm gonna tell everything I know. The station that delivers, please stand me. They live in a delivery in Twinklands. Oh, we can laugh. By winning winners sets of the movie delivery, this is your story. We require the jewelison of the radio all week in law. Don't stay in things. There's a grand prize with a little bit of loan to those in Georgia. For a new trip for two down the Kawhuna was he river. The rings of the hike and the Hakuna property was indescribable. and was again sir Mr. Lora must sell her in his house. and lost his arm. you, 90, bye. 24 till two that core and true, especially Loanette. We are going to make a 13 hour of votes. I'm not, I'm going to come back on Tuesday. All right, that's good. We got 12 90 right now. Problem 90, WGVH and even New York, I believe. I suppose that was the frequency of WGVH and I'm exciting. Man, what a memory. What an unbelievable memory. Scary. Now, Lisa in Homestead says, on a fact, says anyone thought that this guy may be in Bangkok, is confessing in the crime, just to give himself how to jail in Thailand, or he surely would be executed for whatever sex crime he committed there. Something smells fishy here, so he's Lisa. Well, yeah, I would agree something smells fishy, but he wasn't in jail. Do we know that? Yeah, he was living in some didn't he? Here, what I was, you weren't paying attention before, he was supposed to be hanging out every word in his stupid stories. He was living at that place. Do I have to go through and find it again? Oh, no, you don't have to. It's some kind of resort where they have like it. I've been a pedophile, a pedophile's the light resort kind of. I say, that kind of a joint. What do you think Americans go to a Thailand for? Type of silk suits? Yeah. God, why do you used to go there? And now he's dead. Good, some young guy. Some young guy and some young gal. That's what they go there for. God, I'm telling you one thing, though, I look at this guy and of course there's no other story. There's nothing else going on in the world right now. I don't like no mistake. And one word keeps coming to mind every time I see him on there. Hey, man. You know what they say about takes one to no one? Mm-hmm. This guy is a screamer. Screamer. But anyway, anyway. Moving along. I don't want to like vargie down with the. In June, she died of a very incancer, but not before learning that bolder it. I think she was just a patsy. Okay. Well, the vacation at Afghanistan, just to show you what a fabulous job the Bush administration is doing and finishing up all these trouble spots in the world. Open emcalvation in Afghanistan is at record levels up by more than 40% from last year. This great hundreds of millions in counter-narcotics money Western officials have told the A&P. The increase could have serious repercussions for an already grave security situation with drug lords joining the Taliban led fight against Afghan and international forces, which is why there's so many more dead Canadian soldiers. A Western anti-narcotics official in Kabul said about 370,000 acres plus of opium poppy was cultivated this season up from 250,000 thousand acres last year and of course it's still only August. Setting their preliminary crop crop projections. The previous record was 323,700 acres in 2004. According to UN office on drugs and crime. It's a significant increase from last year. Unfortunately, it is a record year. So the senior US government official based in Kabul who like the otherwise artificial with speak only on condition of anonymity because he values his life. Final figures in the next amount of the opium rosin from the poppy will be clear only when it give a play to violin. Never saw the rosin they have to smear the bow with. I have rosin up your bow. Play that fiddle hard. Yeah. What do you do it on? Will be clear only when the wait agency completes this assessment of the crop based on satellite imagery and ground surveys report is due next month. This year's preliminary findings indicate a failure in attempts to eradicate poppy cultivation and continuing corruption among provincial officials and police problems acknowledged by President Tomit Amistuge Karzai, a unicale steward. Karzai told Fortune magazine and unreasonable that lots of people as administration profited from the narcotics trade like his brother by the way. And that he had underestimated the difficulty of eradicating opium production. Right. Now what they have is a narco economy. If they don't get corruption sorted on it, they can slip into being a narco state the US official warned. Opium cultivation is surge since the astralatel of and late 2001. The former regime reinforced an effective ban on poppy growing by threatening the jail farmers. Especially after colon Palo run over there with the 27 million dollars as a reward to eradicate the poppy you're growing. Remember that? Oh yeah. May of 2001. And we got rewarded four months later with but a being on the 9-11. 27 million. What are how much is that? 27 million went to those 19 slamballs. Or whatever word you were you or they used before. Bad people. Yeah. I think it started with that. We got 13 hundred of votes here to what this is 1294. We'll get there. We got 19 minutes to go 1294. Aren't you impressed? Marley. I'm real impressed. And I'm very deep price that you admit to watching dog the bounty hunter. That everybody in the studio did. What does that mean? You and Josh watch is that show two? I've seen it. Yeah. Well I think you ought to be pretty proud to be there with that guy dog the bounty hunter. I was a Hulk Hogan. Yes. Well you know if you look at that picture it's like all blurry. And very fine. Well you got a click on it you know. And they want to click on it. When you click on it it makes it bigger. So you know. Yeah that's what I heard. That's what this guy in Thailand said. 142 in fact they said that he's a little clickish or is a little tarnish. Maybe that's an entry there a little tarnish you think? A little bit. Entry. Now what about the Kahulawasi river is there such a place? No I'm not to look that up now. Yeah how are you going to spell that Kahulawasi river? Oh I just like the terms. I just can't wait to see how you spell that. When you spell an entry. In fact you might did. I grew old A and T R E and it says did you mean entry? How do you like that? I still. I got the script of matching it. Good for you. 18 those two of you. I'm curious even so we'll talk about important things like sports. It's a good talk. Get back to the sanctity of sports. What do you know I spelled it right? And then it's four. Yeah what do you got? Apparently it's a real river. And rating. Oh my god. All my let's go on a canoe and trip. I you and Josh start an off-kits up with you. I'll meet you up River and entry. It's not for a year's not been using them for a word 21 of those years there is no place and nobody like dry concepts. When it comes to cleaning your carpets and making all the postry and drapery and all the good stuff in your home look and just like brand new, nobody doesn't like dry concepts. In fact when you call these people you really can clean today and entertain tonight. And your carpets are going to stay cleaner longer too because there's no sticky residue left behind. And your carpets will last long as well. Over 50,000 satisfied customers know what I'm talking about. The dry concepts is absolutely the best. And don't forget dry concepts also are the experts when it comes to water damage restoration. Keep it in mind during hurricane season which still has a long way to go. Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in minutes, not days. And dry concepts can get your home or business dry within 24 to 72 hours. It's quite entied. And don't forget speaking to guarantees. They always give you a guarantee written price up front before they start to job. No tack on, no disappointments, no bad surprises. Just they still penned us unbeatable job every time. And dry concepts also have got to stay in the area of a rug cleaning plant. The only one on all of South Florida on site dedicated to keeping those expensive area rugs look and just like brands back in New. So do yourself a humongous favor and do what I've been doing for over 21 years now. If you're in Dave Broward of the Palm Beach is called dry concepts at 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-507-1-or on the wicked web. Just log on to dryconcepts.com. This is New Roger. You come spend a wish you really dry as we've written. If you put that brush up in the dirt, make some space. And you just say fine to me. Hope that girl come today. I hope that's a new driver. Me, man. I don't understand what you see in that town. You girls think that he's so fine. I tell you, what I let him hit it. That's one thing I wanted in a... I did it but if I had the chance to find out what's in the site round case. You feel the spirit. I see this by the fantasy that you let me try. You think that's fine. You are the right. I know what I'm all for. You took all the night. You feel the scar. Just so that's it. I want to find out what brought you to the lady. You feel the scar. You found the scar. You found the scar. You found the scar. No more. Oh, don't tell me this thing you're going to print out. That will be really bad because I have to read. I don't want to have to read all flying. Guess what it's about? This story. UPS? No. Oh. Is that what I mean? That's it. Oh, it's that. Well, while we're waiting for that to purcolate. Former Pittsburgh singer, Starlin Swan, didn't put so much as a dent in Governor Edwin Dells lead among Pennsylvania voters over the past two months. It's quite a step up campaign in the race for governor. And you know who he's on with Chris Matthews last night, the tout and this guy, tout and the Lynne Swan, at Tom Bridge. Oh, remember Tom Bridge with a visitor in the duct tape? Randall, that's why on 54 to 34 percent. Twenty-portedly in the latest Quinnipiac University poll register voters, a little change from a June poll that's final was 55 to 31, 24. Now it's just 20. The Democratic Governor also has strongest forward in his own party than the challenger. 81 percent of Democrats today for the Randall, 61 percent of Republicans said they were backing Swan. Swan, here you go. Let's see. What's today? The last night, President Bush, I had a line day fundraiser for the NFL Hall of Famer in Lancaster, the Hall of Famer. So you're going to make a difference? No, no. Lynne Swan, who now you kidd man? Here's the job and anything. Nothing we want to hear any more about that. Two hundred or two months after Vermont's death. May we keep on tonight? Ninestream. What a surprise. Love a king even is going to be talking probably with a panel, when you think a panel, with a panel. Channel 9 legal, channel 9 news, legal analyst in Denver, Scott Robinson believes there are still too many questions about the suspect, John Marlott, Mark Carr, to feel confident about conviction. I might have waited for his no such place as the cool who was the river. Okay. You were what did your Google search tell you? I love the page open. Raven County, Georgia history. Really? How come you found it? I didn't. Maybe we're selling it. Maybe we're selling it. Maybe we're selling it differently. No, I did not sell it differently because it even says river and the movie deliverance in the Adiada. But it doesn't say anything about the real. So the reason is a cool who was a bossy river. I don't know. Maybe this is the river that they represented as the cool of the washi river. What tell the Zambine? In other words, they filmed the movie on this river and called it the cool of washi in the movie. Do you understand what he's saying, Josh? Yeah, you're not getting it. In this particular case, when you have an uncoroperated concession, I think it's good to be cynical and skeptical, Robinson said the suspect seems to be ducking questions about how is connection to the Ramsay family works, how little girl came to be in the basement with him in the first place, Yadi Adiada. Robinson believes one thing is clear, this is the biggest development in the case so far. Wow, got to my impressed. So anyway, yeah, the actual river is the Kusawati river. See, I told you there was no such a remarkable answer. I represented as the one. See, when you dig a little bit deeper man, don't just look on the surface dig a little bit deeper. You understand? No, how do you kind of like your back to mess right? This is either the break we've all been waiting for or the biggest host has ever been perpetrated in the John for the Ramsay case. The case that said it's sheer a wacky people involved in it he said. However, DNA evidence could make this an open and short case in a very short period of time if they can tie card to the Ramsay home or any of the physical evidence that the scene, the case is pretty much done and over he be saying. These days, you can get a presumptive DNA test done in a day if you have a, if you have good tissue and certainly the definitive result in a week. So we'll know pretty soon if there's a DNA match. Problem Robinson is concerned with this what happens if the DNA evidence is inconclusive. I think OJ done it. His father says this is the young man who became obsessed with the case and wrote about it for a college paper. That's it's the stage-grade potential defensive card didn't commit to cramies just obsessed with it. With all of the various issues with compromise evidence and cram scene have a major impact on the outcome of the case. Robinson believes it may help to prosecute as much as it could up to the fence. It's a sword that cuts both ways he said for those advocating his guilt perhaps that's why his DNA was not found at the scene because the scene was hopelessly compromised in the first few moments in the investigation which was botso badly. But as if he believed the day of an arrest would ever arrive he responded with conviction never ever. It's an extraordinary development of development Robinson said well we're looking here as either the biggest break ever in the case or the biggest host since the young girls body was found and by the way she is still dead and fed all well soon very very soon. How's that pull coming? 1315 votes man. Oh god I can't believe it. It is shocking what an development. Which of these people places or things do care about least we could have put the Kuhullo lossy river under but still laid down. Sure. American adult 210 are we going to put an entry? Ain't celebrity poker 184 those two seem to be leaving the way Britney Spears 167 boy how the mighty have fallen she's fallen on it more than once. Lance Bass 146 a land you're fairie religion 15 John but a Ramsey 64 but that number I'm telling you that number is going to go down because they'll become immersed in this you'll see because of cest I hate this pull only 62 4.7% to tell 62 he's dead. You heard about cats and hers's flame no what about it you want to know. Mel Alard saw her with a possum there she would flame possum on the internet Mel Gibson 53 is real 48 Florida Panthers 40 all those Jewish hockey players terror alert 39 Shack 32 0 4 yam he's got my me dolphin 25 Florida Marlins 22 Iraq only 11 and politics hoch And we were children We used to love her And TV made a video stars Now the one knows who they are But they're living in their cars And a-a-a Now these things will be called by the RL And if you ask me if TV is gone around I wish they'd be back there to work in the多少 And let her go What happened to you there look at her I really did feel And TV made a video stars But the crew is in the car From all the good play begins Because wearing a bandet's was much less hard Those ladies and girls' curbs are Like what the music all said Just for We're all We're all And TV made a video stars And TV made a video stars And TV made a video stars And bye-bye-bye!