That's a movie. Good cracking and knuckles. So, for a very higher name, for a sick lots of learning. Welcome, there is what's become a true one. They're not even lurking. The plan is to work in the kind in your life that people find. Katrina Redwin with two Anyway, my dog is... They do us a-d-s. He is like a doctor's in calm. And she acts like a hermole. Telling you all of the things you did wrong. She's your own her way. While laying raindrops in a... But that's a good reason to write this here's all. Because forkating her again in a her own way. And I bet she's starting to see what's in me. Most people don't be the racer anyway. Like a burgace. They do us a-d-s. WSTR is searching for a restaurant piece. And no longer exists. Well, looking through all these ecologists and all these stations. And F-s of the way it is, this business here. I mean, a lot of... They don't exist no more. Or the colors have been taken by somebody in some other place that has nothing to do with, like wherever they have used to be. Like WFUN. I bet you this is WFUN now, you think? There has to be. All right, so let me stick it in here, okay? Oh, come on, you can do it right now. WFUN. Ask to be low-high. 970 on the AM dial. Then exciting? No. So I want to spider-manly. That was pretty good. The first one. No, no, no, no, no. The second one I want to show later today. Maybe we're going to get around. That's better. Second one is better? Yeah, take time. I'm just never stood in the room. I'm never stood in. But maybe you'll watch him grow and develop in the movies there. Does he grow and develop in the second part? His story does, yeah. But that's all I grow and develop. James Franco was in this by the mighty Pays Harry, which he is not Harry, but nevertheless he was scrawny and ugly and very disappointing. And when the movie was great, though, he was not great. I'd give it like, I'd give it an eight. It was all right. I thought it was better now, right? I thought it was pretty good. You didn't like it? You didn't like it. I like the part. I told me we were either that much. Who was pretty good in this? Because he was not. You didn't like the act. No, he's not. I walked around. I got on the phone call guy code. Yeah. Well, how's it going? After a few days, I had my repair check. It was fantastic. Yeah, I got the check. Got the car fixed. This driver says six-colors. You can. Got go. Real service. Real saving. This driver says, well, have you heard safety? It's not his birthday. That was birthday. He was born in 1969, for a tour. I don't really care about that or about him to be honest with it. But he was born in Sturgis, Michigan. I worked there. How do you like that? Uh-huh. WSTR, 1966, 40 years ago. Got a mile. Am I older? Yeah. Something else? I'm a relative. Yeah, but how many other people would you like running to somebody famous? Like, for Intraryr was born in Sturgis, Michigan. Right by the Michigan Indiana Board. And I lived like a mile from the radio station, right across the border in How Indiana. How? Now. George Clooney is the number one man's man, according to a list compound by Ask Man. Oh boy. What does that really mean? Man's man. My okay. A lot of things to a lot of people are could mean that. And of course, if you're gay, I don't think you got the house for George Clooney unless you got that eyesight. Good. God. The Oscar winner tops the web is listed what it calls the 49 best representatives of the male gender. I mean, what does that mean? The 49 best representatives of the male gender. Rap, mobile, jz, adventure, entrepreneur, Richard Branson, cyclist Lance Armstrong, your designer Tom Ford, make up the rest of the top five. See, if you're an S. Me, the 49 best representatives of the, and I don't have the whole list. You can get it on their website, Ask Man.com, but I want to go to the next one. Wouldn't you think Tom Brady would be on that list somewhere? Okay. As one of the best representatives of the male gender in terms of looks and ability and the money and fame and all of that accomplishments. Would you think that? Okay. You guys would go along with that. Yeah. Or not. Whatever. Now you saw Spider-Man, right? I saw both of them in. And thought it was pretty good. Very good. Not good. That thought was great. Like I said, not great. I enjoyed it more than a beginning, especially boy. Take some notos in the beginning. Yeah. The first 20 minutes is so really drag. Oh, it is so. Oh, you know. I thought to myself, why did George do this to me? Why did he make me watch the interviews? The number of the early James Franco wasn't that movie. I mean, he couldn't use like some lipstick or something. Look like pale lips and skinny feet of a sandwich or something or something. And of course, this is very much like I never, I never would have the comic book Spider-Man. I was never into that at all. I like plastic man. plastic man was good. And plastic man was great. I thought comic comics were very funny. Mm-hmm. So I never really was in the Spider-Man at all. But everybody, everybody noticed these similarities between this and Superman the story. I mean, especially smallville. I saw smallville on the planes, man. If I come back from where I'd down there, I would just run away. It was small. It was small. It was actually Tom Welling had like a swell up. Like, I took him with where he does after gets the spider-brighten and we'll be notice any bulk up miraculously. Tom Swilling. Hey, if Tom Swilling, I want to see that. Oh, if Tom Swilling, there's one for the pool today. Okay, we'll get to the pool and just relax. I just thought this was kind of another bizarre pool. Oh, the list of the posters tomorrow. Or no, two days said that's today, isn't it? A bill clip was number 10. Tiger Woods 13. Travel show host Anthony Bourdain was 19th on the list and never heard of him. Rock or Bottle was 27. Oh, please, crack or please. Apple co-founder Steve Jobs was 29th and director Martin Scorsese was 46. On to Ryster, Jeremy Piven, right? I never heard of Jeremy Piven to you. Yeah, I don't watch that show, but on the way. But when you go to the website, ask me and that comment. You can, it tells you, it goes to shows you one by one. It has to go through the whole list. Yeah, yeah. And so that's the one that pops up first. It goes to 49 and it goes backward. And it gives you a little, a little like on or you can click on. Shooting you way, then you think you ought to be way to higher or lower. I took a look at him, not just click lower, immediately. So, because you want to put thugs on there, we did. He did. Okay, here's the pool from yesterday. Someone or something you would never listen to. By the way, Joe Bell was in this morning, gave George a big kiss. He did something about the rest of the day for us, didn't he? Not to me, no? No. You said all you would, guys, you're all fired. Something or someone you would never listen to on radio. Religious program, 574. That's because we got a bunch of humans out there who are not. Not part of this religious fundamentalist, Getsky Crow. Thank God for that. Deal God. I think we heard you say it. We heard you say, thank God, we caught you. Rush Limbaugh, 307-74, top a couple more. Hey, pop music, 192. Bill O'Reilly, 158. But his radio show is the best kept secret in history. It is. He's still got like a, oh, point. Oh, George Rodriguez. Oh, my God. You still have a top five spot. You're going to be proud of that. He'll Rogers. Good. George Rodriguez. No good. 102 for George. They would never listen to you. That's what they say, but hey, we're there, of course. Country music, 66 sports talk, 61. Scare America, 39. I hate this poll only 37, 2.2% got a 2-2 on that. Jazz 19, classical music 19. The O'Reilly is lucky, 13. Good enough for Dan Ruin on that Sunday. This good enough for me, 13. It would never listen. See these are people listening right now. But they just try to like bust my balls like I really care about that. Math Rudge 12 and public radio, way down here in the bottom of the uniform. Because just like George, they're glued in the public radio. And it's been months ever since I got a whole bunch of new CDs from fine listeners and our audience. Really? Yeah. I know who you like most on it. They're watching me. Yeah. That's all. Parents need some serious assistance. And of course, I've been in the hockey, maybe. I should have heard this yesterday. When I read, Panthers had watched, and I knew that was rumbed. I just forgot who the other were playing. And it was a hum game. He's got the whole panther. Where you're panther station. If I was there, if I was one of the panthers that come there and and high stick him right now, turns. Do you think? It's a spirit. He's got the whole schedule wrong all week. He finally corrected Friday. He had a phantom game. He had a panther in the role, which is no NHL team play three games in the role. He had a plan to flyers in fully on Friday, which is that that's again doesn't even exist. He's also got them playing the Rangers on Wednesday in New York and on Thursday in New York. Well, guess what? They play the Rangers on Wednesday and the Devils in Jersey on Thursday. I look up this schedule to correct all this because he had the panthers at Washington last night, which it was Atlanta at the Intercent, right there in sunrise and Atlanta beat him six to three by the way, but nevertheless, I mean, Clare's we're supposed to be the panther station you can't even get to schedule even close even close to being right. That's how much of his time I guess he's been looking for another line of work more suited to his ability, which anything that has to do with radio is out of the question. Should have we got me all worked up on Joe was in there. I could have gone off on a rant. That's right. Let's see what's the point. You know, he's a good guy. He means well, he's in F. Lee means well and Clare is well, just the unit part. Problem is passed at 5.16 WDQM happy Tuesday to be able to get to this pull momentarily. And of course, very jackass is that the broadcaster types ought to we got a lay low on UM. We should be like a lead on UL. Screw you, Barry. Okay. And you mom is too. What's in the brown bag? What's in the sack for lunch today, Barry? You're crazy. You're fairie. Hey, good news. It's down after his birthday. And guess what? You're a good man. Oh, you wouldn't have to be cute if I could sign that dancing again. I probably won't though. What's that? All guy go. Yeah. Well, hey, have a go. After a few days, I had my repair check. It was fantastic. Yeah, I got the check. Got the check. Got the check. This is for the day. Hey, so there's 30th birthday of Donald Memphis. Haha. I was working. He was born and Sturge is Michigan that is shocking. They had a, they had a bowling alley where they had a restaurant in there, you know? Sure. And we have the best clam chowder in history. Some days when we go to lunch, I would get like two bowls of chowder. We know what I'm saying. They're good. Huh? What up? Big holes, too. Yeah, well, but that would be the whole lunch. What do you got? Shmuck. The celebrate dollar, Max. His and Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons VDS, Pearl Top. You can choose from soft food as biggest till I Simmons VDS would seem to be like always. And if you're finally ready for a good night's safe. It's about time you picked up that phone and did the smart thing. Like I've been doing for years. Cal dollar mattress at 1-800 mattress for factory director prices in a word when you service. No nonsense. No BS, no robust, no off-brands, and nobody ever heard of. Dallow mattress is got 12 month financing and with your dollar mattress. All you do is pick the date and time you want that new mattress delivered and they show up on time. Seven days a week, 80 into 10 pm, you picked it to our window like noon to two, one to three, etc. And they're there. Even the very same day that you call it. In other words, if you call right now, you can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. That's why dollar mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction. And why just about everybody would have a brand-acute and uses dollar mattress, even people would lose numbers. On the web, you can check them out at mattress.com or buddy. Pick up that phone right now and call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTRES. Leave off the last as because it stands for sensational, stupidness, savings and of course, spokesman. The biggest name. So best talent to the basis for your rotors for Shredio 560. Be sure to give them. Beyond God. Shredder mine at the cashier, here's a blind. I was in front of you here. If you're young, you lose a got the tamarag blues. All the day, Tuesday, was fine. Got that help out of my words. Yeah, that's what we did. Free pineapple scraps. I got the tamarag blues. I take the chip, run into my friends. If you're my Disney end. Between commercial and with big men, you'll get the tamarag blues. Now for one nice kind of radio range, Bill Marshall, it says, I'm just looking at the M.R. Which was in Marshall, Michigan, I worked there in 1965 with Johnny Meeter. And now it's a 107.1 WMR. I have no idea where. Maybe I'll just click on a 101.7 WMR. I think it's in truly, I do believe. Now is that the same bill, Marshall or can't be, can it? I don't know. Do we run those left hand and right hand and what will they need? Dad. Who joy? Go Marshall. How could you tell? Let's see, how do you, uh, 101.7, what? I got a pretty nice website. I'm sure they're in the QM website. I'm sorry. Josh has worked in fever. So he moved that QM website. He realizes that was real a piece of crap. That's because he got off of that thing for a long time. Right? Once he left it, they just kind of like the schedule lecturers can't even make up where it would all these wrong hockey games. Panthers had washed in my asslaves. What is that all about? And I knew that that one knew that we're home. I just forgot who they were playing. So I just kind of let it slide. I should have ripped him an ass. But then again, he's got those numbers to deal with. I'll probably put some of them. A little Marshall. Oh, right. For any of the real radio groupies, remember who he used to be on with? I am that hemorrhate. I'm the joy rental show. In fact, joy couldn't even open his own microphone. He couldn't. He just couldn't hit the button that just, to turn the mic on. So joy used to have to hit, uh, build, you said, he'd joys buttons. And you would actually head a board out that show a couple of times. Yeah. More than a couple. It was pretty brutal. Bill Marshall played a, uh, Rinshots and things after Joey would crack it down. Oh, no. Oh, yeah, no. The Rinshots. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, wait. Oh, like, yeah. Joey would crack the lame Joe skills. Just play that. Also, you mean like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The Rimmer show. Oh, yeah. The Grim Rimmer. What's this thing? You just asked me. First here's today's pool. Okay. See, got me all out of order now. It's all because I'm so depressed about James Franco. I said, you're one thing on my wallpaper. Here on my, on my computer, you look pretty good. Or maybe he would step. If you ever watched a Christmas. Or watch a Christmas and his old. If you ever get around to watching it, I will. See, what are all these facts is coming into your sending me. I'm not going to tell you. Now the choice for today's pool. No, worse than the rest. No, I'm not saying so. Well, what does that mean? No worse than the rest. That's lame. Don't you think? Or are they all thugs? No. Or all football. Puri King football's got a long history of thuggery in the, you know, you know, you know that. Even, you know, the against the canes and the fiesta bowl and Jimmy Johnson. And of course, now that we got this old coot there to come. Just old coot there to coach Larry Coco, we're just turned 100. Everyone wants to fire his hands. What are they going to fire him already, Josh? Probably after this year. If they lose another game and how many more girls seems to get on the scale of the what? They just squeaked by Duke. Now how long is that suspension for those 18 players just the one game? Yeah, what's your fun game? Ah, come on. Come on. Let's get serious. Duke has him on again since Jesus was an infant. That's how long has been and Duke. They had a chance to win there. I'm told right at the end of the game. I didn't see none of it. I'm going to impart that crap. Yeah, they were about to score, but the canes picked it off. They picked it. 921 votes on a pull already will have over 1000 again by 11 or they're surely thereafter. By the way, here's the schedule today. We got mad dog at two. I want everybody to be sure listen to the rest of the schedule because I don't want it. We don't want to be the fall guys again. Every time we do well and the rest of the station sucks in ratings, I get blamed for it. Well, if Neil would just be more supportive, I like Kenny Walker and I have no idea who he is. But he sounds like somebody belongs on a year. He's at least a broadcast. Right? I like Bo Camp for two. He don't belong on a year, but I like him. But anyway, we got to Kenny in both morning shows 7 to 10 mad dog at two. The power hour with Hank in a mad dog between 4 and 5. That ought to be kicking ass. Are we getting the hour at least today from my clearance of anybody? I mean from the summer book enough from one that was 100 years ago. Humper is solo between 5 and 7. If I was Hank, I'd be getting a lot more work on NESPN. Working in Hotline at GameWorks Johnson Sunset Play 7 and 9 to Beast at GameWorks 9 to 10. Oh, it's hurricane stuff. That's good timing on the pool Neil. You must have been psychic. Any K10 of course. Any is always rock solid. He's always right there. 921 votes which best describes the U.M. football program of no interest to me. 233. That's a good. I met you George voted for that. That's exactly what I voted for. 235. I think you voted two more times just now. Of a race 235. Dynasty 105. A joke 104. I hate this pool 56.59%. Exciting. Oh, those canes man 43. Voring 42 and thugs. We just put it on and somebody got 14. Thugs. Which is sure hand for saying. Okay. In both. Yeah. Jobguard dismissed after religious wedges for inmate. It's about time they cracked down on wedges. It says a martin County jail guard has been dismissed following reports he improperly touched inmates administering a wedges strong enough to break one's in him. One inmates underwear according to an investigated document. Investigatory documents. Investigatory documents. What else is come from? From Edin four. London. Thanks a lot for the big news that. It's a sure. Robert Crowley terminated deputy Vincent. This has got a line through it. I hear we'd the name Kalazzo Terminator is in Flimfer a Variety of School Boy hygiene, somebody into a violation of the code of ethics for public officers and employees According to a recently released report, well, you know, schoolboy hygiene is affected in a matter of ways. There are a lot of guys who never grow up. Am I right? Right And of course then they become it was in a sports video. Oh, just facts me this thing. I know we got a 73 I just send the check clearance. Okay, where we know what we got. It's got the graph of the hour by hour Now actually I mean we be able to figure out the hour by our fucking read not can no because this is not sure Oh, yeah, does this is it isn't it? No, I was looking to graph with a big finger stick in the middle. I think that's Karan's message to us me in particular is a big finger stick in the middle I wish we could we had to put this on the website I think we can one to five a.m. We got a oh Point nine for someone. I said crap. We put on air, which used to be sporting news radio and OCS PN radio They really guys went belly up or something and they drive yes Sporting is really went belly up So we got a point nine five to eight in a morning or five to six and I'd see there's another type of it says five eight I'm sure, but since they five of six we got a one point. Oh, that's the big rock So who really takes himself very seriously He's the only one who does obviously because six o'clock. He's got a one one then the end This is this is the summer book in men 7 to 10 we got two three a two four and a two two. I mean I think good at least it's consistent We go from a two point two share at nine to a seven point oh at ten. How do you like that then an eight point one at eleven A noon noon to one we got a 6.7 one to two a 7.4 two to three a two four Which may not sound like much better? Sure better than the ones we were doing there when we had certain people on there Do do do do do do do do do do two to four and that's because the mad dog up a month of this is the mad dog Two to three we got a two four then three to four pretty weak a one nine and four clock the Humper comes down Two three a two seven and a one nine between six and seven a one nine. Oh man You know what that probably is I don't know what that is it sucks seven away We got a two well this is a little Marlon stuff eight to nine a two seven nine a ten or one eight ten A clock we got a four point a see any kid comes on and it goes zooming up there 11 o'clock we got a five eight and midnight to one and one of your five seven So Eddie is the only guy in the station besides us it breaks a three share anywhere Braces and breaks yeah the cracks a three and that amazing No Oh, I never got back to my wedgie stir well. I'll save it for a second So there you go there's the hour leads for those who keep track of all those ratings man Now what is the new morning show starting? Anything that's gonna happen or which station? Oh any anyone don't know let's see is today Today that just turned on tomorrow and the third day isn't it? It's certainly doing the free-me-thing. Why you're the only one promoting him in this time? I'm a your friend. I don't hear anybody talking of Eric man. Count Marla is lost his LA affiliate But picks up new three new markets. Why did you send me this because that might have to do with this market? Oh, on the newly flipped WMA and I'd now talk about that yesterday man talks six forty According to do Want to be radio person Steve Lafa a Steve, you know you're to radio what turns is the hemorrhage What's the crap man cow new affiliates for the man cow on the morning show that'd be good lead in for us But he's on WMA in man talks six forty Mm-hmm, that'd be a good station to be heard and is your organization that gives us his alternative to political talk That was that mean? I don't know did they give you an alternative to sports talk? I sure hope so 28 past 10 and five sixty WQM Here's an alternative to getting ripped off when you buy your new Chevy net is going to over and see my good buddies at Lou Vaccro Chevrolet man. You'll never get ripped off there. I've been doing business with these people for over 20 years I bought about four billion cars from them in fact lots of polytime The new of that's it just come out and you remember this and Lou back road actually he had the furrick first one and He let me buy it because it was the car I wanted and it was the model and the whole dear You know who was loaded and course you know me and vets. I love him like crazy Anyway the service the sales people slash the cars at Lou back road are top master unbeatable prices Is what make them loaded legendary including with me and right now it's Lou back roads Chevrolet is raised to a thousand for the first time in their history They've got the largest lesson to use cars including the hot new vets trucks SUVs many bands anywhere around They've also got used car starting at 39 95 every one of their use vehicles backed by a car factory guarantee too Lou back road is out to sell a thousand cars this month and this thing open until midnight every night to get to that thousand number Forget the price make them an offer they can't refuse and they'll be any deal That's for sure more money for your trade Zero percent financing we bates up to six grand whatever it takes They'll put you in a car your choice only a Lou back road Chevrolet two locations for you They're in Pompano Beach Square mile west of I-95 in the Rincoke and a Creek on 441 just a softly soggarass expressway Don't forget their stable until midnight every night So get your answer with Lou back road right now get the best you ever heard of in your life on a great new Chevy or check them on the wicked web and Lou back road that's VACH RODT Lou back road dot com fit topic Abu ISIS know I go on in transfer Ayut er So this is really something this in course they obviously sent this along so That we would put it on the area you know okay everybody wants to use this show So the other stations in Council fine with me I never worry about that I who cares how come we didn't get the a man cow man house let's watch that all that's right I forgot about that if we could just have like 15 more stations doing sports talk you can just imagine how many more people will be attracted to sports talk it'll that's like two was station quadruple our number can we get back to the wedgie guy could we share of countertake seriously any code of ethics charge very seriously this is in steward by the way because that's where the public trust comes in share of sportswoman lieutenant general atlison last years they inmates are public are the public and we're supposed to share them as well among other mischief Colato reportedly gives you room turn to three pair of underwear in scrab with an name that sounds like a salacious request Colato or is that kaiato is got an error in iron I can't read this bad copy reportedly destroyed turners under were when he grabbed him sometime in May deputy council snuck up behind you on turner granders and it weren't perceived to pull them up in a wedgie hard enough to rip them in made deal no meal son wrote a statement in June 20 other inmates uh says a statement also alleged Colato or whatever described name is had a pension for grabbing buttocks and twisting nipple back to what you like that right that but the deputy's done a lot of unusual things have seen with my own eyes turner wrote in his own statement dated June 20 chaos was in playman benefits life in health insurance in uniform were cut off September 30th he can appeal crop is decision to the deputy's union a question about the rest of us that's say he should be a the yanker on the mnipples in butts stop on the line no nine hundred and sixty one votes on the full twenty state of hurricanes are thugs for this is i'm gonna treasure this with this big finger stuck on it uh we don't have the man cows a lead in have a ticket a number on this station i just google six forty i do m a n yeah so i guess the station in Columbus Ohio must either change their call it is reformed or something because the only one i find is in Columbus Ohio WMM it's a good color yeah man man talk yeah there six forty w m a n all right when i was this gonna start oh no oh see then say nothing here Steve Lipos his man cows the perfectly they'll have to initiate your unit station that gives listeners an alternative to political talk boy i'm a scared now who what are we gonna do let's bring our hands and where what are we gonna do what are we gonna do now that they got uh another station on their own man's that real man show not some fact you're fast and old fat fat that's evening over james franco who doesn't look like good anyway i don't you can do i'm embarrassed i really am because usually my taste in uh you know in human flesh is impeccable and then when i see him in that spider-man looking scrony and uh i wouldn't give him i wouldn't touch him with your tongue i'd be like that all thanks nine hundred sixty five votes on the pool we'll have that thousand by the end of the hour my phone is bringing us even it means the book of rindus gets down there or maybe it's a your buddy calling again with more information key largo this is kind of an interesting story not not like overwhelmingly what kind of amusing rate truckie junior and leesa la grass uh i wonder if she's related to uh jackey ingrassa or name is lar grass uh i wonder if she's can do a mr la la gassy they were fishing for hours didn't catch anything in key largo except the drowning dog motor when there are 23 photoshoot boat earlier this month on floor to bathe to hit something unusual turned right a check as we came back upon it i realized there was a little fat dog said truckie of manchester mass a little fat dog was having trouble keeping a set of our water it's big eyes were looking at us it was almost as if it was saying don't leave me here please the couple leaned over the boat made their own a catch of the day a five-year-old Karen terrier named tigger the key was citizen reported Monday tigger was apparently thrown from dying in Richard Beckman's boat on their way from key largo to mr thorn evidently the dog did a um what's that was rubber ragness wife not only wood not only wood sorry not only that's in bed taste the Beckman's church friend who used to have a great bob and time but not only would remember that about her washing or doing the wash or something like that so over that yeah how can we don't have bob and time on and more i'm sorry it's not a sports your line no now i'm gonna get accused of picking on Kenny and i don't want to do that's your fault you know playing your tour that's you know sports guy if you if you even watch a ball game once in a while give it a chance said me in such a hard ass you know watch the hurricanes play against some little girl school and get into a big brawl again well i'll think of promise that kind of a performance every week that i'd be there the Beckman's church radically for two and a half hours no sign of the dog we went back and forth back and forth i said finally we just gave up because we thought he couldn't survive in the water for that long i was just heartbroken they thought he was dead since there was no answer with a homeless on tigger's tag truckie and our grass had dropped him off of the upper keys animal shelter the animal was elated when she got homeless newer messages she went quickly to pick up tigger maybe that was what my phone was bringing just now maybe it was about tigger or maybe tiny made it come back but i doubted he didn't know me he was so terrified as soon as he realized it was me he jumped in my arms and wouldn't let go she said he didn't know me that's pretty dumb dog huh or maybe just don't like her maybe that's what it really is where you can't stand that bitch that maybe that's why he jumped overboard maybe that's what happened with uh an eddly wood that's possible she got sick and tear to bobwagon and his wooden personality you have to hurt his wood one and five americans believe the west is winning the war in a rack according to what pull the numbers drop by half since December one and five uh about the same number eighteen percent believe in surgeons are winning but the majority sixty percent saying no one is winning in a rack there are no winners in at the fight that dog won't hunt a pull of a you know that's another one of them i'm expecting that a redneck expression that dog won't hunt okay Texas it must be Texas because i've never heard it well there's an old saying in ten a scene i'm sure they have it up here too in Texas that is this fool me once what what he's uh yeah he would be a little man for he's just just hard to like that guy somebody i really like six i don't know if you're in jail right and after i know the varnish rye was born in Sturgis Michigan yeah he's a he's a hoot of course he didn't write the material but it's just that you know being a midi that he is yeah he's a midi sixty four percent of this in a new pull post the war in a rack fifty seven percent want the western answer to pull out all truth by certain date like by tomorrow would be good so we don't have any more dead people or uh wounded dismembered and yaddi yaddi yaddi yaddi so there you go absolutely this on that this is quite an article here xci and marine intelligence officers nine eleven was an inside job you'll think of what are we that to you would you say all right and a new pull all my god they must be found out that Charlie christians yeah huh which wouldn't make any difference except them good religious bible science the people who wants to vote in the wake of the mark fully business everybody flutter wants to vote for a gay goobinna turtle candidate for a gay goober and now christ had a huge lead this remember that week or two ago whenever i was and now it's like neck and neck nose to nose the feast and the feast and the feast and the feast and the feast and the feast and the feast and the feast and the feast and the feast and the feast for for not 560 you be man good in and hold it that back that on a jam I want all things about my kind of honey and out of them are gonna sex anyway my family family guys really I want all of her if for a small钮 When Alice sits through the sports, a family boys won't get my attention. But we'll really get these step through the shorts. Let's wait you high boys, we'll get the other reaction. So I hate to look for a new one out of two A.M. But then back in fact, on again, I'm going to miss here and straight in with boys this high. Now, let's forget people in that closet again, and this is the one for the press on the Marshall Bridge. The check-out for this four-inside to build the page on the side. Yes, there ain't no one on the Marshall Sports guys, and boys has had the practice say with well-eared old, and have a lot of that. Yes, they have no real close-ins, they're selling it. If their boys are not in their real big contests, they will be in that chrome. Oh man, he's smarter than my electric. Yeah. Oh, God, let's see him no more. No more. 1046, oh, what's the story on it? It's 640, the man talk, but you know, that would no normal can probably have put Steve Lap up for that. Maybe normal fasted. Spositely, it's supposed to be WMEM. Oh, well, didn't that fact say WMEM? That's a little bit too much. But you know, I should make a lot of things go. But I was FMQB while I wouldn't make a mistake with it. Well, let's see, let me try it again. WMEM. Okay. Okay, I'm Google it. And then the other one says, did you mean WMEM? Where do you know I don't mean that? I don't know if they exist yet, do they? I guess not, I don't know. Maybe they're trying to find out about it. I'm giving some promotion. I just don't understand if man cow is like, you know, expanding his indication. How come we didn't pick that up? What? I don't know what you're laughing about. We had a point nine in September, man. We got to leave him from hell and Brookhand was running around in a hallway out there badmouthing us about how we're the entire sports crew. And, you know, we always talk nice about him and that cow in front of the university does, and we try to be good guys. Anyway, Steve Watson on prison plan at Writes, XCI and Marine and told him, so obviously, says nine and eleven was an inside job. Oh, no, not more. This conspiracy business. An important story that broke over the weekend. This fasc me. Just a comment about that. W, whatever. This is, by the way, that we're actually a facts and printings all at the same time. You just got to move it to your laps. You don't have to grow in every time you get a facts. The website for the New 640 radio stations still, oh, W, J, N, that's a, this is a Palm Beach station. Get out of here. My amy station. It says also, I noticed there's another station on the or 1080 W, T, P, S. W, T, P, S, that's another station that worked in the Kalamazoo man in Forty's Michigan. All these callouter changes that keep moving around. Which appears to be black talk radio, the Hamel Sharpen on there. So not QM is not only losing their straight men, but also their black list is sounds like a good time to sell. I must speak from a Joel. Yeah, still is Joel. Send your back to him. If anybody's got some spirit change out there. All of Joel said every time he stands up like my green, the change falls out. An important story that broke over the weekend. It may not have been widely picked up. Was that another former US intelligence inside a returned whistle blower and conceived that the nine-letter attacks represent a neoconservative neo-Nazi kudatah. That sounds like something I've been saying. Huh. In review of Webster Turplies, nine-eleven synthetic terror, made in the USA for Amazon Steel, for Amazon, still contends that the book is the Strogustly, seven hundred and seventy-plus books I've reviewed. Webster Turplies, nine-eleven synthetic terror, made in the USA. Steel goes on. I'm forced to include the nine-eleven was that a minimum, allowed to happen as a pretext for war, and I'm forced to include that there is sufficient evidence to indict, not necessarily convict Carl Roe, Dick Cheney, and others of a neo-conservative neo-Nazi kudatah and kick off the clash of the civilisations. Most fascinatingly, the author-ling Samuel Huntingman, author of classic civilisations, would Leo Strauss, the connecting rod between Nazi fascist and the neo-cons. Steel's biography is impressive. He was the sugar-wrecking civilian in the US Marine Corps intelligence from 1988 to 1992. He's a former client-distant services case officer for the CIA. He's the founder and president of Open Source Solutions Inc. and is an acknowledged expert on computer information vulnerabilities. Steel holds grantum, which agrees, the international Laira goes on in 1990 to this, but about but about being at a bad BM last week. There's another example of how far the 9-eleven troop movement has come over to past year. Before the 2004 election, Steel advocated a reelection George W. Bush, you know what he knows now. I don't think there was still be the case, right? This Steve Watson. Elementary Watson. Last month we highlighted how Bill Christmas in the 28 year old of 28 year CI career man, former National Intelligence Officer and Director of the CIA is off as a regional and political analysis. Had gone public the same 9-eleven was an inside job. He said, along with 16 year CI and veteran Rame of govern, this trio have a combined total of over 65 years in intelligence. It's safe to say they know a covert operation when they see one. Over the past couple of years, we've seen a debut of former government intelligence agency and scientists to boldly go public with their doubts about the official story behind 9-eleven. This is very encouraging, since the even since the press ended for future whistleblowers who might be considering the same course of action. Hey, like that. Sure at and sweet, same course at the same course at the same course. There you go. Nice going, old Alisha. You go girl. Thousands and seven votes already. It's not even 10-51 yet. You're just barely. I think like that. I like it. So it's WMEN and WTPS at WSTR and WMRR and WGBS and WBF and all the other crap. Like I said, all you kids out there take your radio and put it in the toilet and flush it. When it stops flush it out, how come we didn't get MEN calls? I don't know why you left. Have you ever seen that? It's just taking you like with a feather now or something. That's right. It's a very long feather on a stick. Yeah, I'll bet. You know, it's sticking. I don't get it. But I know what I'd say. So in other words, WGNA, let me Google that. Okay? Yeah. I can't keep them separate anymore in my head. That is exactly where I was just going to say that. 640 WGNA. Let me put my glasses on so I can read this. See, that didn't even change their website. Oh look at this. 6AM to noon, man count. I got it on for six hours. What else at all about? Whatever it was, six hours show. Wow. noon to three, romi is back. Jim Rome, all. If you can get the same one, sherry head before he'll be dangerous. 3-7, Don and Mike. Can you believe that? I believe that. Don and Mike. Oh, blow. 7-10, Tom Dole, like us. Oh, talk about retreads. 10-9-9 to 1 in a morning. It's rusty humphries. And from 1-4 in a morning, it's Tammy Bruce. I bet she's getting a Gary Bruce. On the air, come a starting October 23. Well, that was yesterday. So they must be doing it right now. 640. 2-0 at air guys and see what they're doing. And let us know. Man count must be on right now. How dark can we have any audience if man counts on from 6 to noon? Because we heard him. Yeah. Well, we hear the bits. We play the bits and I've heard little snippets of the show. You sniff it? Yeah. And as he's funny. He's funny. I'd give it a shot. We play lots of his funny bits. Follow him with a shot. How do you like that? So Steve Lappa and Norm Cat are getting together to try to stick it to a Joe Bell. Sounds like a real. And they're single. It's got like about how many watts. Yeah. Okay. I would say like, About 30 watts. 640 my ass. I mean, are you kidding me? That's how many go ahead? Roll me back on there again. Another stupid ass for Joe. What is wrong with you, Lappa? I thought the thing before said in the alternative. To political talk. Oh, but not to sports talk. Well, who wants an alternative to that? Well, I may ask you this. If that's what it's all about. How about them dolphin? Oh. How about those teens? How about those panthers? Well, I watched them and I came last night. You could have gone bowling in that arena. There was nobody there. And then when it got to be about five minutes less than a game. They, they've had loose out of there like here. There was a area of attack. A real sharon just fell through the roof or something. By the way, how come we haven't heard about him being dead yet? Is he dead? Isn't he got to be dead? Are real sharon? So I was in 21 votes on the pool. Boy, I said you want to. We don't have too many hurricane boosters out there, which best describes you in football program of no interest to me 352. Discrace 251. A dynasty 114. A joke 110th. I hate this pool only. Well, 63. 6% it's high. Exciting 51. Boring 45. That's kind of like a wash up. And a bunch of thugs 35. 35 said you in football program best described as thugs. Suggary, Donna. Donna, shallaley. Yeah. Let's put up a bunch of billboards that says the canes don't have balls. I think she can't bet out of shape about that. Oh, that's disgusting. Silly old, dike. Afghan militants are planning to launch deadly attacks on civilians in Europe and revenge for the 2001 invasion by US-led forces. A Taliban commander said on Sky News television yesterday. Molemah Hammett, I mean. I wonder if he's kind of any, I mean, Donna. Said, research at militants had built up stockpiles or weapons that were bent on vengeance against the foreign invaders. The Taliban, over thrown by the invasion, now why do we export territory to the west east he said. It's acceptable to kill ordinary people in Europe because these are the people who have voted in the government he said. Yeah, they stuck those bastards in and they hit us, we hit them back. They came to our home attack or women and children he had it. You're in the rep people of these countries are behind this so we will not spare them. We will kill, kill them, kill their children, laugh it over them like they're killing us and laughing at us. I mean said the Taliban was inspired by tanked accused by incidents and Iraq namely were remote controlled bombs, land mines and suicide bombers. All of these are the stories. They are our best tactic he said fighters were sheltering in Pakistan and being hated by sympathetic locals he said in the view. In Pakistan, that's right. So there was it invented the Taliban and the Saudis said it once had invented those madrases, those schools where they rocked back and forth. I will cut thought over there a huckin in the Arabic. Not quite that, but close. What do they say? Allah, off fire, whatever it is. Yeah, you're supposed to know your Arabic mister you better get with these things. That's the line which you're all going to be sticking pretty soon. If you say so. You think this Hispanic, you think speaking a piquet of piquet of piquet of piquet in the Safar that forget about that. If you would a program man start speaking Arabic. This little Charlie, this thing about Charlie Chris Bigley, to evaporating, that's some good news in it. Yeah, it's great news. Because who the hell have I heard of Jim Davis? Would you know something maybe that's the best thing he's got going? You saw this, Charlie? Oh, I'm telling you. Charlie Chris. Poor little five, sixty. You're a male. This is the new Roger's. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on! This is your brain. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on! Any questions. How about the time there's six and thirty six? It's got a letter on and it's got a song To get a singer on and a song A million rugs And to keep it in your own A new generation is from Tissions all laid out For what we're willing and the next For if we're like in the steamer's wonderful Now we're the slain scene You've been chasing, chasing, laughing, laughing We're around the valley and keep up the road Come on, we're leaving the mess We're leaving the valley We're leaving the valley We're leaving the valley Listen, since we're relationship That Norma can't have a scene of lack over our James Crystal radio Sounds like a conflict of interest to me Tell it Yeah, sounds like a big lawsuit Oh, we might have to go work over there someday So you know Anyway David Citroen, who fancies himself as a radio guru Have you ever seen his website, the history of South Florida radio? No, pretty weak Anyway, he's got this succumb WGNO WBCT and WGNA Why do these stations keep switching frequencies? And this was posted October of 2002 First and how many times have they switched these around? Not turned man Like a... like a... Peeces on them and I'm an apoly board Like that shell game This is by Alan Diskin, host of radio-rewound This is... this article A lot of these stations keep switching frequencies This has nothing to do with the governor's route Get to that eventually We got a lot of time, okay? We got four or four hours, did it not six hours like man cow? How come we didn't get that show? Jesus, the price As a former Flair Channel employees is Alan Who ever... and nobody ever heard him Never hear Alan Diskin, don't be disson Alan Diskin Who? He said he was pretty dissimed information generally And I've publicized him and another is a paragraph I can't read because there's a picture of supertalk Superimposed over here over one paragraph He said the switching frequencies for WGNO WBCT WGNA came about for several reasons We're told to me whether this was the official corporate answer Just perhaps a local management response To satisfy the curiosity of the local chief channel employees I can't swear they validity of this information I'm not conveying management's response he says Then it goes out about the WGNO 1230 With a thousand-month signal based in West Palm Beach Combined with the repeater tower in Pomp and a beach 1040 AM A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M A.M. A.M. A. M. A. М. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. A. captivity. Lynch �erpontag every Saturday. Coming from Saturday and event day. Longt distinction or anything. There's some wind in a yeah, some late, little wear. So how come we didn't get that man considers how show. God my pissed off about that? not that one I'm talking about the grass the rating one not just the one of your personal sentiment maybe I would you should make that you think I see the problem is I'll send you guys a couple of days I just have too much paperwork here I keep these so there's a one about man cow as mommy since then and we know all here's the finger here's the finger it's called like a finger well seven well they got two's anyway I mean it's you know I don't know what they didn't September do you imagine if you have a point nine I'm just wondering if they cracked or they must have cracked the one somewhere and I wouldn't you think yeah they cracked don't start picking on vocaper now coming in squash you look at that and there's a mismarked part around there look at that in Sarasota I wonder what she's that bad learn about she's gone already thousand fifty one votes work best describes you in football program of no interest to me three fifty six of this grace two fifty three a dynasty one seventy dynasty my ass is that with your own colon said a joke one twelve I hate this four fifty six exciting or sixty six excited fifty six boring forty seven and thugs forty four that came out of nowhere from a listening suggestion thugs gangsters it's gangsters all baby the team sucks so let's goon it up you know if you can't win goon it up like a hockey and if your team sucks let's go out there and get into a bunch of brawl right absolutely I mean the package did not play it washed in light not a current's coming there and the apologised for screwing up the hockey schedule and being such a jerk the idiot you're fairie or speaking of that new pole gives Chris a negligible lead over Davis wow Florida's love side of contest for governor something become a dead heat according to a new pole at boosted stakes of for you this is you know for tonight is tonight's the debate tonight's first televised maybe between republican Charlie Chris democrats you've Davis the first thing to give Davis on a say is to to Charlie Chris you're fairie yeah would not tell you ought to bring that up just look at me in the eye and say you're fairie you think that might be a rough card a little bit right that would be fun and look at this even even at right wing uh Joe Scarborough's an MSNBC stand the fully scandal could discourage some uh right wing nut jobs from voting it all they're gonna stay home and tough under vival or thump on something miss fully should be thumb up on some page the surprising results energized a long time under dog Davis now trading by only two percent of points in the quinn piac university survey and put Chris on the defensive day nearly every other pole showed a double digit gap and we're here a you're talking to union gap shredded all you're not gonna play that again you're already played that was two weeks ago don't do it this new pole makes the debate a much bigger deal it should affect their strategies said quinnipy and post repeat or brown uh it'll both for and force both of them to reassess what they're gonna do not just in tonight's debate will throw strategies for the final two weeks of the campaign election day is two weeks from today that's why we need a lot more non-political talk on a radio man talk for real man right right candidates will be grilled on the issues during the one-hour live debate to be broadcast on public television stations statewide tonight both Chris and Davis has been much of the campaign falling lower homeowners insurance cost put property taxes and improve education but they've been vague on many of the fine points Chris had 46% of all the quinnipy at cold Davis had 44% well within the polls margin of error of 3.4% in other resisted statistical dead heat of time no is to know as asked who asked the same poll to be so found Chris with a 10.0 not no more the race ten largely because of a massive 21.2 by independent voters to Davis another encouraging trend for Davis a percentage of voters who said they didn't know enough about him drop from 57% of 23% over the past two weeks there's only one answer television brown said Davis was late going on the air because he didn't have as much money he hasn't made the sale yet and he's still behind but he's put himself back in a ball game what never something if Charlie Chris got his ass whipped when the first time and lots of pressure I thought he enjoyed it so I heard Davis wants to know how come we didn't get that damn main title show crazy there he goes again with that jailing crisis no Charlie Christ Davis wants to know conventional campaign to be so that is too the traditional more expensive 30 seconded news and exchange for a series of 15 seconded out of his position on three key issues property taxes insurance and school fk test how come we're not running those spots what are we like shop liver or something I guess they assume that's an e-orgias audience is all going to go out and vote for Jim Davis we can only pray yeah well hey have it going Chris by contrast is at least a garage of 30 seconded since the primary with his eighth launch yesterday all paid for by the Republican party the ads have boosted Chris name recognition by criticizing Davis is a do nothing congressman and defending him for having the second work to tend to work at this term the least eight day you know anybody's with Mark Foley Jim Davis right it wasn't any of those big gay parties I look Charlie Chris maybe a real outstanding guy for all who know I doubt it maybe a stand-up guy or maybe a lay down guy for all we know a lay down gay guy isn't this guy talk it's guy talk folks are man talk don't get stuck in by the other stuff that's something they stood by for the new gen I'm maybe a Josh you over there and spruce up their website form put the real colleges I know I'm all set W M E N men 644 Foxy 1040 that went over big and that was the the woman station remember that the abortion W O N N I don't know no don't you remember it was chief panel A they took she they took her they took she and they turned it into was gonna be a little over that planet or the planet that's it they thought I was gonna be sadder and turned out to be more like Uranus it sucked it was bad and the course that's long gone all these people all these dabbers and divers and intruders and all these I may vins and experts in everybody's a radio expert baby I got news for I've been doing it for 150 years already including 120 in this market I have met too many radio experts there was Dick Casper and then it was who else yes could be but it was the radio guy man he was a radio guy or is Tom jica would say Rick Casper hey Tommy or an idiot you're a bald head of an idiot I'm so that I'm so disappointed about to James Franco like if you see somebody from a distance you know like you're in a shopping mall or somewhere right and you see somebody from a hot number from a distance or at least you think they're hot yeah they get closer you realize it's a guy and you're close and they oh it's seen I wouldn't touch it with George's little finger thank you good from far far from good yeah very good very good well I really very good how to quit so Josh likes fireman by the way he's very picky with the movies so I'm very picky with movies you don't even stay awake if you don't like him you fall asleep random and well I'd like to be entertained when I watch one well this movie was pretty slow starting I was thinking boy of Josh ever so this season sleep by now after five minutes and that thing uh I love both they're both very good the second one is better the George keeps on me yes it is now did the James Franco look any better in a second one or he's still look the same like anorexic and he could use the sandwich I didn't notice I noticed that was the that was the reason that I got you to send me the movie I don't give a crap about the spider man oh it turned out to be pretty good it was first and look good in both of them even though she logically does wear a wet dress on and both of them yes wet willy probably 11 14 five sixty w q a m boy oh boy how did we not get that man in college show so let's meet me what I put on my new balance shoes walk right over to brandies you know it'd be a long walk but I could start right now I'll tell you what I'm gonna start now after the break and I'll I'll be in touch with you when I get there I was at I at brandies they carry all the top name brands at unbeatable prices all the time they got your foreshy i'm an echo ma fisto rock port has puppies new balance like I just said which I love new balance and tons of other top name brands and all sizes for men and women no off brands no BS and they carry wide widths and hard to find sizes too so take your suits to brandies you'll see you have been raven about them for years go see our good buddy Arnie he'll make sure you get the right to finish shoes at the right price every time and don't forget the only thing they do at brandies is shoes to never have to worry about size selection service and certainly not about price you'll find brandies at 1290 North Federal Highway and Pomp and a beach right between Atlantic and Copa's on the east side you can't listen how did we not get that man cow show brandies is open every day Monday through Saturday's to line every Sunday till five and this week is a great time to buy essay issues at brandies all great men's of women's sales around sale 20 30 but 30 man or even 40 percent of prepares have a ton of cash and get a fantastic selection so be sure to get into brandies this week or do your shoe shopping right online at brandies shoes dot com so pretty five sixty for the great taste neil this is noodles reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste so now pop sure it and with my arms the trees are made there's no bug speaks English and a model I went down to my young man beach where the weather is nice and sunny I walked into a little gust of but a guy that's hot real fun I asked him for a pint of cold gym beaming just knowing to end up what does that mean mybr qualité hat $bout paw more just grossly as well. I say pretty pretty. So get yourself to a classroom quick you're in America now. Stop making me sit. Oh, put your butt at the beginless. How's up with you? You got a bombshell. I'll be damned. Who? 1121. Bob and Tom. Donn and Bob share that red hot. White hot summer. Oh, I got winners on my mind. I'll bet. Anyway, just read the more that crap about WG&A. And guess who used to work there? I used to work there. And then he had the nerve to go off and die. And then they had Greg Budell and guess who Greg Budell brought along with them. Give me one good. Good time. Who told you to have great taste noodles. The Don agony. An athlete named Guy. And of course Greg Budell's always, don't tell me Greg Budell got blown out for his new men format huh? Wouldn't it be bad if he got blown out again for a bunch of men? Well, it's the ladies who like Greg Budell. I mean, I don't think they like him either. Hey Greg, nobody likes you. What a poor man. If ever anybody working this business who had a loser written all over him, it was Greg Budell. Is that right or what? No comment. I just said it's just because it aggravates him. You know, do you have been takes him to the pool or something? I can't say other than the time that he was on your show. I never met him. Remember that day? I never met him. He was on my show. He was on your show. I remember that day. Boy, he was in the studio. There was in the studio on the show with you because it was his big comeback into the market. He was going to be going on another station somewhere. And I think, I don't know, Russell Wase. Is there somebody brought him in somebody else? Oh, my god. Russell Wase is who was uh, but what? What? Or whatever? Somebody brought him in. It was. I remember that. That Russell Wase is in jail. We did dinner at the marginal member restaurant over there by the Amaco station and tried to talk me in the go into a boy Gary and getting a Rick and son's fired. So Joey could do afternoon drive. Remember that? I did remember that. I did not even lie to the teeth about it. Yeah. Damn it. I got up and walked out of that thing, although the good thing is I was finishing dinner and they paid for it. You guys think I'm going to go to a free dinner and get up and walk out in the middle. I would never have to. Even I'm not that stupid. But anyway, they want to meet and get to Rick and son. Well, Rick and son are all bad. And the radio wars are big now. And whatever that means, the radio wars. And Joey wanted to do uh, apt to know it's a lot of me to go get him a job. Those are the days for the day. Joey's doing that. Yeah. What a PC was, you know. Well, how did we get off of this radio thing? Was that one faceted somebody? It was probably fat boy sent that. When you think no, it was a different format. And besides fat boy emails as you know, or he don't facts. No. Well, I told him no more emails. So maybe he's just going to use the facts my schema. I have no idea. But obviously somebody over there who wants to use the Neo Roger show to publicize their marginal format. How did we not get that show though? The seminal tribe of Florida would have lost Vegas to out slot my sheans under proposed federal guidelines. It could be issued next month. A development that boost their push to get the same lucrative gambling devices as the borrowed county permutuals. The US Department of Interior is decision to wish for the regulations. Follows the tribes failed and go sheation attempts with the state with your fan ask out her to get those traditional slot my sheans mod. The immediate ramifications are on clear especially the time friends that slots could start ringing at the seven seminal casinos. I feel it's significant because it's going to put us on an even footing is the non-seminal gaming facility said seminal travel counselor Max Asciola. I remember horse driven by Dave Dwayne Dillworth called Chief Asciola at Jackson Hardest Raceway 40 years ago. Aren't you excited about that? I'm sorry that. I've had not many ones. Chief Asciola. The federal regulations were left to send terminals have the slots at the three Broward Casinos as well as their Casinos in mockily, closed the null could show me and Tampa. The seminal currently had those class two slot machines. Those vinguished elderbices. I still remember standing. They want class three machines like the ones in Vegas in the Atlantic City where the machines are individually programmed for payouts occasionally. The seminals of our given internal class three slots under the federal Indian gaming regulatory act which is tribes are allowed to same gambling options featured anywhere else in the state. In March 2005 as we know people in, approved the Vegas style slots at the county's four-parent mutuals. And the trib ones to install the traditional slots as soon as possible. We have to wait to see what happens us, you all said. We don't know if any factors will interfere. Fat ask Governor Bush as Dr. Ponyne of gambling and the seminal could often go sheathes at a gaming compact in April leaving the seminals to turn to the federal government. A compact or being able to allow the seminal's driver to class three the real slot machines in return. They would have some regulations say so and a cut of the revenue. They get a piece. A piece for the Coralionis. A piece for this one, remember that? He's dead. Cake. Now I'm trying to think of was it Al Pacino that was his, he was Al Pacino's teacher in the, what was that school to you in? And acting school. I'm talking about the guy to play at a time in Roth or the stress board. Police transfer. He's dead. Yeah. I guess it was the least prosperous school. Then he used to sell it. I was least stronger. He used to sell it to I and Zier somewhere. Well, I tell you, we had more drifters come through this market, man. It is just unbelievable. Carpet beggars. And a station key of the call letters keep changing and you wonder why nobody listens to radio anymore. Who would have known those who's on first? It's JNO and JNA and FTL and FLL and that's back to FTL again. And who's on the first and who's on second? Loving about us here, man. We're Rock Solid right here. Rock Solid. With big numbers in a midday. Right Saturday, we suck. You know, but then we'll come back. Mowie? Yeah, somewhere some of the day. How did we, how did they get it? And we didn't. That's what I like to know. Could you imagine, man? Count six to ten? I'm back to the kind of radio show that Kenny would like to do. Yeah, I heard an entertainment show that lucky used to do. Right. It's supposed to another sports show. I think he's been sandbag, you know? And then Clares is in there. T-bag and him. Good to listen. Yeah, it's been nice work with the Kenny or good guy. You seem like a real radio guy and it's, you know, one thing he gets screwed over to buy 100. We're getting the screwed over twice in a row. That's bad. It's only October 24. He's got a long way to go. Well, he's in radio. It's probably used to it. Now he used to be in radio. Just like us. I'm telling what I used to be doing is buying a lot of cars at Lou Backroach. I really, I still do every time I need one. In fact, the two vests I got right now about a Lou Backroach. You ought to be doing the same because man, the best selection. They treat you with velvet gloves. They give you great personal service and their prices are always unbeatable too. That's why I've been shopping at Lou Backroach heavy for my vets and other cars for over 20 years now. And right now, it's Lou Backroach heavy's raised to a thousand. For the first time in their history, they want to sell a thousand cars this month. They've got the biggest selection of new and new cars including the hot new Corvets. If you never drove a Corvette, now I know Georgia likes to take one of my vets and not bring it back. I'm probably drives too. Sure. You got two. It's like a dream man. It's like having that power on your foot. Trucks SUVs, many vans, they got the big selection and they've also got use cars starting to 30 995. Everyone will be back by a car-fax guarantee by the way. And Lou Backroach, like I said, is out to sell a thousand cars this month. So they're staying open till midnight. Every night to get to that thousand number. Maybe they know why we didn't get man-cow. Forget to price, make it offered Lou Backroach. They'll be any deal more money for your trade. They give you a 0% financing, rebates up to 6-rand, whatever it takes. That's what they'll do to make that deal. They get to that thousand. Just like us, you know, trying to get to a thousand every week. We have a thousand 87, by the way. Only at Lou Backroach, Chevrolet is this deal going on two locations for you. And probably to quarter mile west of I-95. And it coconut creek on 441 just out to the sawgrass expressway. And don't forget tonight and every night this month they're staying open till midnight. So if you're over to Lou Backroach for an unbeatable deal, the best deal on a Chevy ever gotten your life. Or check them on the wicked web at LouBackroach.com. But I don't know why we're here. But I don't know why we're here. But I don't know why we're here. But I don't know why we're here. But I don't know why we're here. But I don't know why we're here. But I don't know why we're here. But I don't know why we're here. But I don't know why we're here. But I don't know why we're here. But I don't know why we're here. But I don't know why we're here. But I don't know why we're here. But I don't know why we're here. But I don't know if there's a doubt better. There is a doubt better. So you teach your own, and now we're working with Texas. Texas. And if Texas. Amen! I'll just leave your mother behind in the future. I'm died. And you have your kids and an angel at that period. I could also show them whatever their rights are. happens when you mess with the people, you know, bitch and mouth for taking your parking spot. That's right. He's dead, it's karma. Good. 26 to Lunar QA in. Here's a facts from Michael. It goes on a great length. We just whipped up about our poll today. That's good. 596 votes by the way. It says there's an inaccuracy, possibly misleading in your poll. Oh, there's not. Says the poll is about University of Miami football. My question is what is the difference between University of Miami football program and the rest of that so-called Institute of Higher Learning in general? All I can do is laugh. It says to keep from crying when I hear people say they received an education at UM. There's no education to receive. The University of Miami consistently writes new to the bottom of the rankings in terms of quality of the business school, medical school, journalism program, history program law school, science programs, etc. Even their marine science programs consider to be a joke. You think that marine science of all things would be the one thing that couldn't screw up, but low and behold it is. It is screwed up, I guess is what it means. Michael, you're just whipped up into a frenzy man. Every publication that compiles these surveys and rankings generally concludes that when it comes to education, you're better golf going to community college and rolling in a course, bond and scores. I'm going to Miami date myself and I can't wait to lay play to her a Keynes. What did you do? Good game, John? Yeah. Another point. The ball in the Brawl Breakup. It says seriously in all respects, not just with the program. The University of Miami is a blight on the civilized world. I wouldn't hear someone with the University of Miami on their resume to pump gas, but hey, it's a Keynes thing. We wouldn't understand. Guess what, a whole Zeta Lanna, understand Michael says. It's not personal. You pass present future U of M S bags. It's business and personal. Do the world of favor and dropped it violently. Or should I say instead of dynasty, which is the only poly, poly ceramic or university man who people don't have to pronounce, first dynasty instead. It says, Neil have a great day. Sunshine, Lawly Pops, and Rainbows. Whatever. Thank you. That's sweet. It's something. It's something. Lawly Pops and Rainbows. That's in. Want a Lawly Pops, Little Boy? It says, Michael, but I think Mark's holding me with me. We got a bug up his ass. 1999 votes on the poll. Oskigina elections, as if there weren't enough concern about the integrity of a vote, an unpartisan civic organization yesterday claimed that had hacked into a voter database for the more than 1.35 million voters in the city of Chicago. Bob Wilson and official with the Illinois ballot integrity project, which fills itself as a not-for-profits civic organization dedicated to the correction of election and system deficiencies. Tells ABC News that last week his organization hacked the database, which contains detailed information about hundreds of thousands of Chicago voters, including their social security numbers, dates and birth, shoe size, etc. It was a serious identity theft problem, but also a problem that could potentially create problems with the election Wilson said. In a furious hacker could have changed every voter status from active to inactive, which would have prevented them from voting. He said, or we could have changed the information on what precinct you were in, or what polling place you were supposed to go to. So there were ways that we could potentially change the entire online database and disenfranchise voter-strafy and tear-city of Chicago. If we'd wanted to, we could have wiped the entire database out. He said, Tom Lee, to a spokesman for the Chicago election board, tells ABC News the problem seems to have arisen. Because the city's at 100, we not get that show. That's going to bother me all day long. That's it. No. What a lot of why I care. You know, we're just chilling up every day in the best week, can't it? So we got a good lawyer, a lot of the ins out there, and they keep pretending to listen to us even if they don't. You know, Tom Lee's spokesman for the Chicago election board tells ABC News the problem seems to have arisen because the city's database allowing voters to low-fifthir voting, a free-signed once-as-voter for detailed information, such as their social security numbers. Approximately six years ago, Lee said when the website was updated requiring only an email address, city computer experts never cut the links to these social security numbers that they said birth. Lee said he doubted the Illinois ballot integrity project, could have disenfranchised voters or wiped out the database, but he and the election board were very concerned, and it had taken steps to remedy whatever problems existed, including bringing an outside computer forensic expert to verify the database's secure, and it was sure that no one had already hacked the database. Now, if mankind was going to be on that station, I wouldn't be surprised if they're going to go out and lose the license pretty quick. Does need to do a lot of filthy stuff? I don't know what he does anymore. I thought he was on one of Howard's on serious man-cow. I don't know. What was the 80 million channels, no? Last time I heard they hated each other. Really? I'm thinking about what's the from Tampa? Both of the love spots. How would love spots? There you go. From Tampa, who couldn't get another job on real radio, so he went on Howard's saying, how would, by the way, I'll be free on, he'll be streaming it tomorrow on Thursday, be there or be square. You know, listen to what we're doing for two days for free, and then forget about it. As they're desperately trying to hype up, they're more all the hype all the time. You got to hand him that, though. Have it always said that? Yes, you have. They're the hifesters man. If he has a bad BMS on a front page of every newspaper all around around the globe, we've been in North Pole every day. Oh, gee, Howard had a bad BMS morning. What we're going to do about that? You know, if he, he farts the wrong flavor or if his, his, his wife puts, uh, any freezing his lime gel, 117 in the pool. Well, we're going to, we're kicking ass on the pool. But now that we look at the camera, the bag about man cubby and on six 40 on, on men, all men radio for real men. Mm-hmm. Now what was that line up again? Oh, week. They had calmer. They did get choice. Joyce, Calvin, and Greg, but you know back, then they'd have it looked. They'd be looking at it. Let's see here we go, W. J. N. A. Uh, I can't, we're the house. They're a web page. Where's their page? There's a thing about reneary and mow and Sally and mow and the business. He wasn't smart enough to stop eating a long time ago and that's why I say that should be a lesson to all of us diabetics put the over eating I had a pint of agonized yesterday. I knew you would hug you know that. He said you were. So I talked about all day was ice cream. I was too close to a clock out of record the coming in store and I got me a pint of agonized banana nut. I'm a banana nut. Erh, her. That was a guy Saturday. It would be a thing. What is it about the Italians who come to North America? I mean the Italians who came to North America a long time ago that was in a different story. But now we got Guitos. Yeah. I'm so pleased to know that we got Guitos Canada nut just in the USA. It serves right. And it was this guy in his very nasty wife. Oh man. She was loud and she was as ugly as the day as long. She made me look good. She looked like my ass on a bad day. And they were playing a couple of machines. And you know he was a perspore perfect English. Obviously he was born here. But then every now and then there were a couple of their pyzons that showed up and brought playing down the row and they're talking really loud in a little Italian. Okay. Well that's ordinarily does bother makes of this guy. It was trying to be cutesy Italian. You know like he'd say, oh, he'd get a spin 50 while you're 50 bananas. She's quite a banana. She's quite a banana. It's just a bug me, you know. In other words, make up your mind. Are you Italian? Go to Rome. Go to Frenza. Go. Be an Italian and be an Italy. Or do you want to be some kind of like a Guito? You know? She's quite a banana in my ass. Oh, Bethany. You just keep saying it, Craven. It just bugged me. How is it? Stop with a Guito talk. Are you kidding me? No. Almost like me then. So I'm flora. Speaking of englays, baby. Speaking of englays. Lebanon. Nine. Which best describes you in football program and especially after that nasty Michael facts that we've got. Just hostile ripping them in an ass and well deserved by the way. It's a no interest to me. 373. It's a disgrace to 164. Donna. Discrace. Adynastie. 123. Boy talk about living in the past. A joke. 114. I hate this pool. 68. 6%. I'm a German cowboy and I hate this pool. So this is moving all the way up to 60. They're they're Google and on that. They're leaning on it. They're creeping it. Exciting 58 and boring 52. Especially when they play one of their 15 girls school. The feasting. I saw them dance to. And it's on you. You're riding the 4-shritty of 5-60. And I'm Mike. Well, I'll play three dollars often. Pile. Long-ninched states of girls school. Oh. I want to establish it the other day. The U of them said we need you to play. They didn't know for that I saw what's cool. Just went it with Paul. It's so get a bad schooly tattoo. We got food. We got food. We got food. Especially we got a stand-in for you. Just when they came it's all that you got to do. You have all the drugs that win and you never see. The party down the street in a lima scene. We got food. We got food. We got food. We got food. The MCW later showed up first. They gave the school a little slap on the wrist. But that was it. It just another day. You're gonna keep on doing what we do anyway. We got food. You felt it. We got food. We got food. We got food. Oh right. We got food. We got food. And the king's wanted to take a break in the long standing with my injuries. Was that the first beginning of the year he was done? Yeah, for a start. That was the first time he would play another one. They're going to be happy around too. Come on. Give us a break man. Give us a break. Let's have another bra. Let's have some football. Go out there and kick some ass. So I'm looking at his man talks to his 40 website. Okay. And it's a work in progress. Obviously the waiting for Josh to come over there. And the bottom on the right hand side is his local coverage. And it's got a map of Florida. It's got their fantasy. Most of their signal goes in the ocean, by the way. They're their number one in the... The numbers. Number one in fish. And it says in a bomb click here for our full coverage map and you click on it. And nothing happens. So they're obviously still working as a stay tuned man. Stay tuned. We'll be throwing this switch on Monday October 23rd. Changing our format to winter, 10 educate men in the prime of their life. Check back soon for updates and new information about our station. But obviously this is for as they go. High school is Steve. You're really kicking your own hands. Let's get your ice compliment back on here. It's normal cat. And who am I living? And great be it out. You've gone agony. Who rules? Luxion. Speaking of Jim Quanta banana. Oh god. Just speaking, wishing cut the crap already. Okay. Stop it. It's ethnic nonsense. This BS. Fifty and haven't I always told you do not ever get on a cruise ship? You have written that. I can't beg you people. Put ways in your money and jeopardizing your life. Around 1450 passengers on a luxury cruise ship. This is in this is London. Entertainment Guide. The Brits. Around 1450 passengers on a luxury cruise ship. And left without toilets for three days. Are going to people on board. A series of blockages in the plumbing system said to have led to Mayhem. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Mayhem on board Thompson's destiny cruise ship. Two operator Thompson admitted that there have been problems with the vacuum system of the toilets. But he said he was bringing in the team of super technicians to fix the system overnight. A spokeswoman said the team of 10 experts will be working through the night to ensure the problem will be sorted. She was unable to confirm along with toilets if it not a vacuum for. The huge 11-dex ship is on a 7-day voyage around the Canary Islands and Morocco. Oh, who don't want to go there? One couple of Derek and Lorraine Twig from West Yorkshire, board of the ship is a birthday tree. For three? Mrs. Twig 51 said this made them without toilets for three days and hot water for these 24 hours. She said there was Mayhem on board the ship, which is full and a protest meeting was being held by the passengers. Mr. Twig 60 has birthday been ruined by the plumbing. By the plumbing falls she added. Probably probably a little bit of a backup. This and the installars are shipping the Thompson fleet with two swimming pools, two restaurants and three bars. Right, like, yeah, we just just sit on the edge, I guess. Right, just hang it over the rail. Just kind of ploppy or something. The rail and let loose. That's bad. Right, sure, Kai's who's up some, you know, when they keep talking about Mayhem. Haven't they got a way with Tirit Woodwards? 1157 most on a pool. Don't forget the Kenny and Paul morning sure, let's get it over a one now, okay? What is going on with his Joe Bell? My god. I mean, you know, when he came along, we were like a in-be-twist in between, like we didn't know whether we were a screaming or a swimming or a dying or what we were doing. Kind of like little lost to him. Remember that? Yeah, remember it. Then we're all those experiments in the morning. We had, you know, the, what did they call that thing at abortion? This fort, I don't know, we called this the morning sports, too. I don't know what they called it. But I've been, they had a name for it. The new morning, the morning wrecking crew, yeah, whatever. And then we had the beefa was in and the beefa was out. He was doing business with the engines and he disappeared. And then we had that vanished and we had, what was came first? The chicken of the air. We had Howard. We had stern on there briefly. Now we had Joe Rosen there. We had more early before anybody will come to find out about it. They had Moe. Moe. And then we had Joe Rose. They had Moe and Joe. Remember it? And then we lost our mojo. Uh, that's correct. We lost our mojo. After a few days I had my repair check. It was fantastic. Yeah, I'm not the check. Not the car. It's the driver's seat. So anyway, and then we went to the stern business after Joe Rose got stabbed in the back and went across the street. And then still, and of course we'd end there last the license on that deal. Maybe still have who knows. And then what do we do after that? I forget. Oh, Hank, what do you forget the hump? I had a lot of flesh to forget, man. That was funny. And then we had to went from the hump for two Kenny and Boe. We went from the hump for two the dumpper. And we did not get the man trial Mueller show from Chicago. It was syndicated. It could have been on men's talk. Sound right now, it was man. Did we get any fashes about what's going on with him or about what the they exist? No. I mean, we could take phone calls on him. But I sure don't want to do that. You want to? No. Oh, me either. I don't want to reach over and turn that damn thing on. And Carl, let me just turn on the see if it works, you know? Okay. I haven't turned that monitor on so long. Maybe in the same condition as the one you got there, I just don't know it. No, it's work and I see a line flashing there too. Maybe we'd take this real short call. QAM. No. Okay, that's good enough. That's it. Do you like that one? That was great. Former and wrong chief executive officer, Jeffrey, scaling the most vilified figure from the financial scandal of the decade was sentenced yesterday to 24 years and four months. And the harshest sentence in the case that rose from the energy trading giants collapse. And I hear that they're going to get, uh, what's his name back? Maybe he is body back, can he lay? Yeah. And they're going to be, do you get the body back and stick him in there too? And just like, uh, let Jeffrey scaling sniff it. They should desecrate the corpse. Sniffy or I'll let him put him in a coma. US District judge Simmelate and I'd skillings request for bond, or to him to home confine and wearing an ankle monitor. Oh nice bracelet, Kenny, or Jeffrey, whatever your name is. Lake who told US viewers prisons to recommend when skillings should report to prisons suggested that's skilling 52. Be sent to the federal facility in Butler North Carolina for his role in a case that came to symbolize corporate fraud in America. Butler North Carolina. I wonder he's kind of billed Buckner. Remember that ground ball went through his legs? Sure you do. Hope. 1141 votes. Two weeks from today is the lesson day. Aren't you whipped up into a were frenzy? Josh is going to go on vote several times he told me. The biggest name. So this tell us to the basis for your Roger nurse's force radio 560. Is you a f***. This is Dick Jamie. I like to relax. I have an air mag on the massage my balls while listening to them. I'll rather float them on our roofing. Okay. Oh, a drag. The restart. Now let's chase my trunk versus dirt along the Caldingанию Your sound off two ran pots I created Slybound T puff Calment be seen. The state, the state, the state, the state. The count is... Love that I've written, 60 people, so I wrote famous Paul about the UN, about the UN football of course. Not to be confused with the outstanding learning institution, I don't know as the University of Miami, known as the Sun Tan U. A missing priest accused of helping steel lord and $400,000 in offerings and gifts its inviscence for rare cantilevered church has turned himself into authorities in Miami. Remember that story? I'm sure you do. The other church is pissed off because only their lives are steel from the parishioners. The Reverend Francis Guinan was being held at the Dave County J.O.A. to surrender to police in Miami International on Sunday. Guinan was an australian other tourist destination when the Reverend John Skihann passed to its invince to the Royal Catholic Church for four decades until his retirement seven years ago was arrested on the same charges. Guinan by a police sent to arrest him on Grand Thad charges at Palm Beach International last month. Skihann, $879, boarded up, then he had misappropriated money from the same Vincenty search for and show. When and now he blurted it out. I don't know what that is. Yeah. Are you fasting me something again boy? So exciting when the facts go out because it's behind me now. So you had it right on that table like behind me. Turn it around. Reach way back. See how it says we got in the article you were just reading about WG and 8 constantly changing colors and signals. I think that arbitron needs to enter the 21st century. The census bureau and I'll consider his Miami for a lower deal. West Palm to be one metro area. Currently the number six metro area in the country with the population of 5.4 million. Philly and Dallas are 4 and 5 with 5.8 million. But since Miami is growing much faster, it'll be number 4 shortly. If arbitron would get with the program combined in markets like the census bureau did, everyone be getting much higher advertising rates. Don't forget to pull you recently. Took you at nearly as many of the seasons Palm Beach as in Dane Broward. Did we did? I don't remember that. Also during the break had 2 to 640. It says don't worry. I kept QM running in a background. I'll thank God. I was able to hear man cow loud and clear here in South Beach. So, apparently they're up and running. You have certainly yesterday. Okay, just to tell you that. They're up and running. All right. He was able to hear man cow. How come he was hearing it out of 640 enough 560 this morning? How did we not get that? He admitted that several times he misdirected money from the church but told investigators he saw himself as the CEO of a multi-million dollar company. He wasn't properly compensated. Well, I think he's got a point there. Multi-billion dollar company. And discussing how much was misappropriate. He told the police it was a mountain of money. Well, that's kind of like mountain of love by Johnny and Joe. You got that? I love that. You know it. Is that like over no was it over the mountain? Mountain of love was Johnny Rivers. Over the mountain by Johnny and Joe. Right? The love was Johnny Rivers. Now, how come nobody gives Johnny Rivers his dude? Johnny Rivers was great. I do so. Which mountain song do you want to hear? Over the mountain by Johnny and Joe. You don't got that. That's ancient. How would say like 58? Over the mountain. Well, kind of rosy. Holy shake. How do you feel? What's your life on the mountain going. Over the mountain. Five men out. Over the mountain. OK. That's it. Here's athing of our new format here on Chewyim. we went from the Soviet Union. The Alps have a line as though let's go into it. went from the.. The这么 affiliated with the bumper. you pick an on Kenny again, not then that you put on bodo just because he's I was in what is the most in certain terms of motion let him do a show okay and stop on his sportscraft okay get both camp for that a lot of their send it back up to street with his move how at university died stop with his sports obsession well the dolphins really suck in okay they're one and six they suck in the same era blows and savings got that crappy attitude and the disson the media and everybody hates him like poison like poison and now he's blaming the players and blaming this one and blaming everybody else you go out there and suit up Nick you loser you slime ball the dolphins suck and what is one stage you better think how to smell us anymore we're losing enough on a marlin's losing their ass on a broadcast right if I see if I'm Joe Bell I like offer ten many years just to go straight up so because Joel and his family over there so desperate to keep the dolphins all they got they got a little dog was kicking our ass in the morning and then that's all they got dolphins and who got wants to listen to that would you listen to what to what police have charged gannon successor green man a 63 was stealing more than 400 grand from the perishes donation small potatoes 400 grand and all the conducted by the dices of Palm Beach alleges the premise of appropriate 8.7 million well now we're talking another story I'll take my share 8.7 banana winning who had taken 2005 and first of all I don't know what will be attended where this for bananas I have no idea I could look it up I know an honest is a pineapple yes did you know that no but I know what the word for it but why would you say that you can't want the banana is this just to be a jerk stopping at jerk okay I hope you lose your ass and then the guy in the same machine it's just he gets a spin for 500 and two minutes later on the same machine gets another spin for a thousand just to piss me off I should have said ah chinko chenta uh... I said yes for me banana winning who retired in two thousand five of them in the dices investigation was vacationing australia Singapore island having a gale time on police file charges he hired high profile attorney David Roth who also represents former US representative mark fully to negotiate the terms of his friend of the state attorney I better father uh... oh tool there and uh... mark for the got a lot in common so I looked up the banana maybe they both like to alter boys yes in Italian they said banana it is what said in babble fish chinko and banana really I mean I mean usually they go to another website not really yeah how it's not you don't know your fruits mister okay right now but I'm gonna say banana in uh... spanish plato plantains well there's a difference obviously but yeah but it's plato either kind you say plato i'll be damned bread fedowski writes on the smirking chim policy is he got some other red claim to find always look at the end of this and i don't want all these comments from the readers okay not interested stop wasting he served as a legislative assistant to send it away benson member of the benson ran for vrvp the micro ducaca and the go-to-lost and any rate on the smirking chimpy writes obama mania what did I tell you a couple which you all baracco bama you didn't believe me I told you I believe you frank could ask you says two thoughts about sender obama first he has the look of a future president the brains of a future president the idealism of future president the town of a future president the charisma of the future president he may roll well deservedly a future president a may be a future president second senator obama may be the least qualified person in the history of national politics to have his name mentioned is a future president for a motion coming in two years because he has credible national experience for a pair of measured barely in months senator obama has cost his zero national security experience cost his zero national defense inform policy experience cost his zero national political experience cost his zero national legislative experience and cost his zero experience being tested in the crucible of brutal uh... national politics it's not his fault it just is awards of the wise the bigger they are in the eyes of the national media the heart of the fall in the eyes of the national media a suggestion the smartest and most brilliant move senator obama could make his withdraw his name from consideration for president in two thousand fairly soon this would skyrocket is national reputation credibility in stanchor in ways that would skyrocket is potential for becoming president because it would be based on a wise act on a media and political fad a prediction that's exactly what he will do because that's expected does have the judgment and come into some day be present and it's more enough to know that which the media builds up the media will crash down this goes to larger questions they shall on the american politics and american media coverage of american politics the idea that someone is new becomes the fad of the month of matter that commander-in-chief experiences pre-eminent quality of quality of the need for an x-commander and chief obama mania is a rejection of the political status quo a time in our history where political system is near universal disrepute among our people when a president reaches disastrous levels of unpopularity but a congress drenched in corruption reaches disastrous levels of unpopularity when republican party is widely seen as fossilized and corrupt while in truth an democratic party is not perceived as much better and praised to finally be elected as the party of default the american people are genuinely concerned about the future of our country yet they turn on the TV sets and watch commercials that are nothing more than a stippling and depressing spectacle of one party of politicians spending venom and dirt against the other party of politicians abama mania is a refreshing story of u.s. senator who's a breath of fresh air uncrafted by the process full of idealism and intelligence are ticket of lifting an man who may well be our president and may well be deserve to be our president someday he is that good he has that much promise but 2008 is not his year i hope in my prediction he writes he is wise enough to know that and if he is takes himself out for two thousand eight abama mania will grow greater than ever but for the right reasons meanwhile voter rolls no higher not being purged letters are arriving to his Spanish and california threatening them if they vote mirrored in his witness major problems with voting machines and voting problems fixes and irregularities create the probability of crisis and chaos on election day a subject senator or bamo and do well with champion within the heights of his eloquence subject and the credit leaders would do well the fight for more aggressively in the coming days of some of the far more important than the fresh face the fate fresh face bad of the month of well that's what the brunt but outskis is nothing you had about out what about a fine i say is the book you know the meeting gets all whipped up but the the uh... you know fat of the moment the fat of the month the owner no deal candidate all always grab all these uh... you know goes all of you things but i think he's a man you don't brack brack anyway whatever if you want to be the rack you got to like brack if you want to get or some of you better electo dama i thought you were going to say you mom well is going to be the two see now you're trying to worry about you know as far as black in his mother is why does that work yes to me well and he's got a mixed is is i know one of his parents is black and one of his i wish have to do with this now you're on the bics so now from other his wife is that make him white like like being Jewish half of it eleven hundred and seventy seven votes on a full man i'm gonna tell you man calme be on but you're you're not doing it we need to give a lot of publicity over there too well what's an instinctive lapa he's probably running left right now all rogers is talking about a say god we've actually yeah yeah big deal you should live so long you're going to get a number over there okay now but the god he has questioned is how come we didn't get that you this is an order no i wonder two when you hear the black eleven might need a picture the beast the best and i look at the dolphins they look like a joyless type bunch of guys right now hammer but there's coach they're not only afraid to make a play there are like what long is going to happen to us right now where are we gonna snap where are we gonna break down so the point is as you would say and yeah and in the larger view yeah this is where we're at where are we i would say that this is the worst that the dolphins have been in since i've been here hang out around i've been here since the franchise started new video Don't you just shut up and sing the commemorancy counterpunctions in a once in a lifetime stage extravagant barbersh dressing and that's got a gigantic main right there. Don't know how James Broland taps that from the way she let her feel good. Take it that going fast to see George W. Bush on stage. Dissing the Democratic Diva for rest days in. You're beautiful. You're not. Probably James. I'm not a banana. We're ridiculous. I'm not a banana. I looked at myself just I mean I believe you but I just had to see it for myself. Oh no, never believe anything I said. So I'm not because I shouldn't have been pissed off that the sky was it didn't make any difference because it just was annoying. So I saw something wrong as a banana. Banana with an E on the O. Because if it ends in A, if it was like a masculine word it would be a banana with an I. I say banana. Banana. I've heard of it. Who would I'll know is I bet you the pope knows a few bananas. I'll see you a couple. If you're public in writing against Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton in the York tonight a Monday newspaper report that he disperse the Democratic senators of parents let me say it again and she's me as. You ever say a picture of her back then? Who? Who? New York. W.H.E.W. Remember that station? It's like W.M.E.N. New York gave the news political reporter Ben Smith quoted John Spencer saying Friday on route to a debate with Clinton Rochester. I wonder if they started down in Bob's it's he breeze. I don't know like Bill Maridory was reported as saying we're referring to former president Clinton. The Daily News also reported that Spencer took the uniform or mayor of Yanters said Clinton had another gone minns of dollars of work, plastic surgery to help improve her appearance. He looks good now Smith quoted Spencer was saying. Fully shows that Clinton has a command and he's got a whip his ass, okay? That bitch, she's got a kick his ass. Bob Ryan spent his spokesman deniesmiths account, but if now's day conversation took place on the platform near to Rochester. The comment that he said was something of the effect of if you ever seen a picture Hillary Clinton from college I think he said boy, she changed Ryan said it if you once he had in. Who? Which is obvious if you look at the picture, but that's what he said. He never said anything about her having plastic surgery. Maybe just said she was a plastic bitch. Or maybe he called her the ice prime of prop princess. He said never use the word ugly. This is the Daily News's word. It never encroats. Spencer was quoted by the Associated Press saying the comments were a fabrication I would never call her return agrees that's outrageous. I didn't do it. Maybe if he had the ball to say like you know that would have been good. The Daily News term is accompanied by a photo clip as a teenager during the senator leader, Joe clearly ported saying my high school picture was cute. Oh, God. You know who she looks like when she was young? Uh, what's her name or daughter? Right, exactly. That same growth has carried you in a Chelsea. Chelsea. Oh brother. It's exactly who she looked like. Just like Chelsea. The apple and craw far from the tree in that crowd. I'll see you then. Chelsea Victoria Clinton arrived three weeks early on February 27th, 1980 at 11 24 p.m. While I was recovering, Bill would put his foot on my throat, yaked me by my hair and say, woman, Joe spoiled her. I said okay. Chelsea was sold by her opium addicted father when she was eight years old. Chelsea looks at him and said bad things about her daddy. That sealed the decision for Bill. I didn't know whether to laugh or cry, but even more frightening at the age of 15, Chelsea had come back to haunt us. She escaped and returned home only to be sold again to a horsehouse. Who would want to do that to kids who had never done anything to them? Me, Hillary, Rodham, Clinton. Chelsea said, come on mom, don't do it. Oh yeah, right, I said. Looking like a days fox or who had just been pummeled in the ring, she leaned toward me and whispered in my ear. You bitch. See, what qualifications did she got to be present? Most of you are a senator, you know. What about 100? And she was once married to Bill. And that's it. That's her kind of thing. Most of you are a brilliant lawyer and she's almost as brilliant as Congress. And Lisa, although she isn't a great concerted penis. But what work did you start? I bet she's got one. In fact, I bet you're both a man got one. 1196 votes. Maybe that would be wouldn't that be the ticket? Yeah, it's not going to be the ticket. Well, I sure hope they don't lose two months more. Well, here's the caveman guy, Chris, about the pissed off caveman. Oh, but I like that. He's not moving the law for you. He's going to be near Billy. So he's the caveman and can do it. Yeah. And then he backs up and walks back to it. It looks like he's over our pissed off. The perpetually pissed off caveman. Get a haircut, Rico. They're good grade. Like I said, I have no idea anything about their insurance. I never had their insurance, but there's spots. I got on the phone call guy. Go. Yeah. 12. Hey, how's it going? I mean, how can you beat that? 1196 votes will have 1200 before you can say Joel Fimbers, losing his ass for Daddy's ass. Which best describes you and football program of no interest to me 400. A third, a full third of this audience couldn't give a flying Joyce less of his grace 278, a dynasty 132 is that dynasty as the constipated Britsley had dynasty. A joke, 120. Tags 74 has moved up nicely on the hip parade. I hate this full 73 of citing 62 and boring 57. 1198. 5 days pretty boring when a key plane is a little girl's schools didn't they lose to a Houston or I dream that? But I lost to Billyville. Well, Louisville's not a little girl's school. No, no, no. Do they almost do the Houston? Yes, they did. Or did they lose? I believe no, they didn't. They won by one point. And they damn your loss to Duke. Well, we got all those credit players, you know? See, you can rip them in an ass all day long, because it doesn't make any difference. Because there's nobody from the university, my way listen to this show anyway. Nobody. Maybe Mike Rosen's, I'll maybe him. In fact, I would be surprised if he and Robert Greeper are sitting together right now. Arm and Arm, each other's shoulder. Let's see him this show right now. Can you see it? Can you envision it? I'd rather not. Jeff Mokin and Stacy Mitchell on TomPain.com right about Walmart's drug deal. You just, you just saw it. There we change to get to Ripple on my ass, you know? Are there evil? Yeah, are there hatred? But I'll do that. Yeah, but that's a great. I'll get to that momentarily. Don't forget, by the way, the man's house show. But the one we didn't get, I'll set a reminder. I think the obvious question is, is it any good? I mean, you know, you hear about him, but I've never heard of him on a ear. If it's on regular terrestrial radio, it's got to be like, hi, he's Santa Tide in it. Hi, Biden. These days. Because one thing I think right now, Steve Lapo, who is strongly associated with Norma Ken, doesn't want to be starting to lose his license over there down there down the day up to dial whatever he holds up the road. And you wonder where that fish is? License too? Oh, I lost it. I headed on there. Real, I think it's real Palm Beach. Okay. We're going to hold on here. Yeah. Up yonder. And it's up to road a piece. But they got a big booming signal, baby. And they're going to kick our ass. No, not going to do much. And Role me man. I see Jim Sarnis all emotional. Oh, Jim Role, who's been mislocally so badly, he'll be back. Yeah, right. You should live so long. You will towed you. Boofo towed. That's Jim Sarniman, a walking boofo towed. You know, who towed me that? I give up. Little birdie. Oh. Let me tell you right now about my good friends. I wore blue backroach here, relay for over 20 years, about all my cars from these folks because they are giving rate service. They take good care of me. I'll take it and they'll give me the same spectacular treatment like they've been giving me for over 20 years. They're service. They're sales people who are selection of cars are unbeatable. And right now it's blue backroach. It relates race to a thousand for the first time in their history. They want to sell a thousand cars in one month. And they're going to do it. They've got the biggest selection of really news cars including the hot new Corvets, the ultimate sports car. It's like a dream coming true man when you get into a Corvette. They got your trucks, your SUVs, and many bands. The biggest selection anywhere in the universe. They've also got use cars during his just 3995. Everyone backed by a car faxed what on T. If I could say that blue backroach is not to sell a thousand cars this month. I'm a single for every night till midnight to get that thousand done. Forget the price, make him an offer and they'll beat any deal they ever heard of. More money for your trade that give you a 0% financing, rebates up to 6 grand whatever it takes to get that deal done and to get to their goal. Only a blue backroach, your relay with two locations are in top of the beach, a quarter mile west of an 95 and coconut creek on 441 just out the saw grass expressway. Don't forget, blue backroach is taking open. It'll midnight every night so get your ass over to the blue backroad right now and get the best deal in history on a Chevrolet. You've ever gotten in your life. Ever even heard of. Check them out on the web at loopbackroach.com. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, oh hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, hey guys, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, I did not say that again. I can just better line it. What the hell? And then should they pick up something that eats you? Or just starving? Oh, and some beer and a red a couple of video games. And love those! Snopes and some ice cream for dessert and some... And all of these... Ball of these things. Right. Well, moment please, I got a very important hot straight back here, but I got a reachback. Is it hot? No. Not one of those hot pages. Uh, here's how long is this thing? I mean, Harold says, when St. Representative Ralph Arza found out over the weekend that another legislator had filed a complaint, claiming Arza slurred the black thief of the aid schools. He started drinking. Any God, man. Arza called the colleague, Representative Gus Barrero, and left him an angry message on his voicemail, cursing him out and calling the aid superintendent really crew the in-word. That was the same thing, originally insensitive for a fan of the laced voicemail. Barrero had complained about in the first place. The upshot, Barrero called the police money, saying he felt Arza's dad, grabbed was threatening. Police would not have a tape of Arza's phone call and a second anonymous call made hours later said they've opened an investigation. On Monday night, Arza issued a stunning apology that emailed the Harold saying he has trouble controlling his temper, especially when he's drinking. He also asked Barrero, his family and voters for his forgiveness. My emotions got to best of me, and I left some offensive and shameful messages Arza said, I've embarrassed myself, my family, and a constituent size serve. At times, I've had difficulty controlling my emotions. And anger, I noticed this problem is made worse in those occasions when I've been drinking. Saturday night was one of those occasions. Arza said he'll seek immediate counseling. Maybe he would misforge and get a package of you. What do you think? What kind of package? Forral will show you. Arza left the message on Barrero was self-own Saturday. The data here reported that Barrero had filed his complaint against Arza, and a highly erratic public in with the House Rules Committee. Sometimes after Arza's calls someone else called Barrero on his cell phone, up to threatening message calling Barrero a snitch, rhymes with you bitch. Barrero declined to discuss the investigation in detail, but confirmed receiving the two phone calls between 8 p.m. Saturday and 1 a.m. Sunday. Barrero says he recognized the first caller as Arza, and his carol ID displayed Arza's number. He didn't recognize the voice of the second caller. Arza told a heroly goes, no, the second caller was. You know what the second caller said though? But we get that morning, sure? Now he said, Hey! Arza's message Barrero said, we've heard again to crew and used the racial empathetic. And the past Arza is strong with an eye using the slur, and a Monday statement continued to insist he's been unjustly accused. Said Barrero, he used the word again. He once again used the inward. The old difference this time is that the recording is saved. The war is that it's specifically threatened. Barrero, all he's told was very threatening Barrero, said, Barrero to kind of say it until Barrero's a said, or what was said by the second caller. Hi! I have to take the threat. Seriously said, Barrero, I mean, we should probably tell the truth. I felt it was threatening. And it goes on to beat goes on. And so I thought the politics continues to be generating, and it looks like a barrero and brawl. Thanks for crap. Now can I get back to Plumart? Please. Begging it. No. You're talking to Mad Dogga too. Power hour with Hank and Mad Dogga together for the five. I wonder how that did. Now, do I have that hour by hour thing? Let me see what you did. Well, I got to hear somewhere in the midst of all this. Just ton of stuff that you sent. One moment please. What is that thing about in the end, six-40? Well, that's our new format. The music of your life. Can we put it on? What do you do work with? A bigger part? Could it do work? Worst in one. What are you picking on now? Who and what are you picking on now, man? You're never. You're picking on Kenny Walker and Boa. Can't you walk her in Boa, camper again? Boa, Boa, camper? Not necessarily that. Including that. If you get on the sports segments, I told you. That's in a month ago. This sports talk radio is dead. I told you that. What's it going? Thank you much, man. Years ago. Well, I'm always, I'm always way ahead of a crew. I got this in here somewhere. Oh, here it is. Here's the attack scan. I'm tapping it. Kill that. What hour am I looking for? Four to five. That's the power hour. Four to five p.m. We go from a one nine and three to a two three. And then the hopper goes all the way up to a two seven. We got the hopper an hour in the dumpper. And then Cixiclock drops down to a one nine. That's the summer book. The summer book. Remember the summer knows that was a theme song from summer 42. Jennifer O'Neill was in that. And Gary Grimes. Well, I sure like Gary Grimes a lot. Whatever happened to him. He just he vanished. Who? Don't you remember the summer 42 and the class of 44? Nope. You ever saw that with Hermy? No way. I got no squirmy for Hermy. Black and white. Browny. Have you heard of Black and White movie? You can get out of here. Black and white my ass. That's what I heard. Jesus got all money. You are so out of response to Google it. Google it. Go to the movie. I'll do it. So Black and White movie. What's it going to do for me? Half weeks in the orchestra. How many of us leave each other? Half week. Half week. All right. And one of the children. You. Jennifer on you. You're a grimes. You're in house you're playing oski. Recognizing from some spots he's very annoying punk. And the only like two people. A whole movie. There were a lot of people in it. Summer 42. And Jennifer on me or her husband is in the war. And she gets the telegram. the telegram, you know, or husband, we were to inform you any dination. And then so hermit comes over to how she gives him a little action. So this is punk kid, you know. Everybody get naked. Well, we think that they probably did if she's going to do, you know, unless they deal with their clothes on. But I don't remember. It's an old frick man, no. Summer 42, 1971, that's only 35 years ago. We always talk about movies from like 72 like the Godfather. OK. And that works 72. Godfather. What are you delivering? I'm going to say we're like, get out of here. Black and white, my, yeah, and spots. So let's see, four to five we had a two, three. See, I remember this meeting to me because it's only a month of that is the new lineup. And I'm sure that your, uh, Joe Bell is going around saying, well, you know, this is the brand new lineup. Don't be making any judgments now. We're just a couple of weeks plus of course the tremendous promotion at the new lineup is gotten as in none. We've got a way for some of that to work. Some of what that promotion that hasn't gotten yet. How come we're not vaccine to the other stations all around town so that they put it on the earth. People fax me stuff like that about men 640 because they know this is a show that's got not the least. Including the biggest mail audience of any show in the market. So all of you, if we can just get near the talk about us, yeah, right. What's the thing? If Neil will talk about us, all the listeners are over there going to come over here. Aren't they? No. We're talking about vaccine and other stations. What's it doing at talk show in this town that would talk about it or rush rush rush is on right now. You're roaming. Yeah, but it's actually a whole me, man. He's tight with hey everyone, who was on the show? Wasn't Moana show? Oh, I must forgot about that. That's right. Tony Bruno. Tony Bruno. That's the show that, yeah, get no was on it. Well, you sure have a memory for stuff like that. I want to know what that bit call. That's gonna be. I'll find it here. Why tell you one that we can still play? Oh, yeah. We George doing the, uh, the comb of a moment paper. Yeah. Oh, I need a comb over with a door door door. I'm all my sir. I'm so proud of the fact that it's but all that has still in the hey, that was really ugly period to say the least. I mean, you put him in me together. That's pretty ugly. But I got him to ditch the wig. This is the piece. Looks so much better now. No, looks like I hit there now. This is really. He does kind of scary looking. Now speaking of a doctor that did that here, please. Thanks for taking me into the sea. Dr. Kelly. No, it wasn't Dr. Dudley. Huh? Oh, no, it was this one. Oh, the doctor that performed the surgery on, uh, did he lose some? Didn't he just same doctor that performed the, uh, procedure on your two-pay? Uh, um, uh, the doctor who performed the surgery. Yeah. Uh, take a bite at a while, Mom. Let's let's lay the build up baby. Abu Gaur. Abu Gaur. Yeah. Really sad. 19 to one. Abu, I'm going to tell you between Greg Reed and what we got going out. Papa Greg, look what we got. So when Joe seriously came in this morning and was like, uh, giving him a little time or what? What? He shook my hand. He shook it. Sure. Squeeze it a little bit. Yeah. That little tickle thing with his finger. Mm-hmm. He ought to squeeze and tickle and, uh, you know, okay, I'm going to do something with us because we're out of that news for you. The red, the rest, it's like, it's like, it's like when a ship is sinking, you know, yeah. And the middle of the ship, like, stays afloat. You know what I'm saying? Mm-hmm. Try to make an analogy here and doing it very poorly. And all the rest of the ship is coming around and falling apart, you know, just this thing. Although now that we got the mad dog back on there were two, we did see some evidence of that in the summer book in the last month. You know what I'm saying? Yes. We got back up to a three nine between two and three. That's because of the mad dog, baby. He keeps, uh, a big chunk of our audience man. In fact, we got audiences with chunks. We're going to spread some around. Now, if we could just keep a chunk of that show in a morning, speaking of chunks, your carpets man are full of crap. There's all kinds of germs and stuff in there. Most of it, of course, you can't see with an achid eye. I would hope, unless you're real slob. But my friends at Ryconcems have been cleaning my home store where 21 long, extremely few eight years. And they never let you down. And they come there and they drag plane your carpets, which sucks out. Even the deep down dirt in the fibers of your carpet makes them look like you had brand new lead, right? They're on the floor. And of course, when it comes to being on healthy, your carpets are even worse than the draining your sink as far as schmutz being in there. And of course, also when you have your carpets directly and by dry concepts, they stay clean or longer. So they last longer, too, and saves you a lot of cash in the long run. It comes out small and limity fresh. They're drying a couple of hours. And you're ready to rock and roll again real fast. And don't forget, dry concepts has got to plan to make frequent cleaning easy at just a fraction of the cost of regular cleaning. So whether it's your area of rugs, your expensive furniture, your drapeery, or your carpeting, all of these things, guaranteed that dry concepts are better than anybody in the world. And they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start doing their fabulous job. No rip off, no scams, no tack ons at the end. Just a stupidness of being a good job at a fair price every time. And Howard County called dry concepts at 9.54, 3707778. Be sure and tell them that ancient Neil told you to call. 9.54, 3707778. Ah, and a date in Palm Beach called on full free. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-0071. So less tell us the basis of your rugs for 24-056. So does our boy. And by the way, to the losers on cloudy channel, the gimmick didn't work. The gimmick was ass-in-ine. I appear on a program on network, which happens to be carried by cloudy channel. Guess what? Our midday guy had a lot of laughs with it. So laughter ends at some point, my man. And this dopeiness perceived that shit is ass-in-ine. Lot of trained monkeys on that program. Yeah. Had you fun? He owns over. It's your asshole. Paybacks of bitch. It's coming. It's coming. Yeah. So is the circus. Fuck off. You see, Bells, because when I drop it, what happened in Hiroshima in 45 is nothing. Because when I drop the bomb on certain folks here, and certain folks elsewhere, it's going to be painful, baby. Be away, get into personality. No, of course not. That would be bad. 1248, 12 minutes still wanted to find a 60W to QAM. He dropped the bomb and I who had a clean enough. They get there. MSNBC host Keith Olderman's accused Republicans of using terror tactics in a tentative game votes. Well, they wouldn't do that with they. Unless they were alone or with somebody. A new political ed sponsored by the Republican National Committee's being viewed by critics as an attempt to turn voters' fears of terrorism in the votes for its candidates. The edge host images of Osama, Yumama, backed by the sounds of a ticking time bomb. I think we just heard that ticking only moments ago. There it is. There is a cheap Texas change on Massacre quality, the whole thing overman said on last night's broadcast of countdown. And as commentary, overman argued that Republicans use fear in a way that imitates the propaganda video releases from the terrorist organizations. Part of what Olderman said, the commercial you've already seen is a distillation of everything in some administration and the party in power of try to do these last five years in six weeks. It's from the RNC, it shows images of Osama with London. I'm in the prime and Al Zavahri. It offers quotes from him as all of the clock takes honestly in the background. It concludes with what Zavahri may or may not have said to a Pakistani journalist as long ago as 2001. His dubious plan that he had purchased suitcase bombs. The quotation is followed by sheer coincidence no doubt. By an image of a massive explosion, these are the stakes appears on the screen, quoting exactly from Lyndon Johnson of the misnuclear scare spot from 1964, and then it says vote November 7th. There's a cheap text that changed to a massacore quality of the whole thing. It serves immediately called the mind. The occasions when President Bush dismissed Osama as somebody he didn't think about, except obviously when lessons were near. Frankly, a lot of people seem that commercial for the first time of life out loud, out loud, but not everyone, and they're analyzed at truth, the truth, right to this country. The dictionary definition of the word terrorized is simple and not open to misinterpretation to fill or overpower with terror, terrify, caused by intimidation or fear. No please let the words violence and death are missing from that definition. For the key to terrorism is not the act with the fear of the act. That's why I've been loud in his deputies and his imitators are forever putting together video tape statements and releasing virtual informers with direct threats and hard-stopping warnings. But why is the Republican Party imitating them? Been loud and puts out what amounts to a commercial of fear. The Republicans put out what is unmistakable as a commercial of fear. Republicans are paying to have the message of been loud and the others broadcast in your home. Only the Republicans have a bigger bank rule. That's what Keith Olderman said. You go, Keith, you let him have a baby stick it to him. Till I get to him, they'll get to him. That's a good one. I'm a fear in for that. Maybe you'll have to hide in the hills there with Doug Thompson. No one's commentary today from Cavaloon Blue.com, or to the press or not that they don't have habeas corpus, maybe they got it. Gotta go find his corpus or lean and roast him or maybe we'll have him corpus Christi. 258 votes on the poll. Not too shabby, man. We'll do a blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. OK. OK. OK. Get back to Walmart. You keep showing me off of this because you want me to knock him again. Jack Milton and Stacy Mitchell by the time paint calmly Walmart recently issued a press release announcing discounts on some generic drugs at Tampa Area stores. It's exactly that it is probably hoped for some favorable publicity and Florida media. So Bentonville surely was tested the next day when sweeping headlines like Walmart to sell generic drugs for 4 bucks a month or a nation wide. Often on page what a newspaper is. After getting better advertising and even a multi-billion other corporation can buy, Walmart naturally pumped out another press release last week announcing drug discounts in 14 other states. The company enjoyed another PR bananas and buy an actual headlines voting for dollar generous at Walmart, but the media did consumers a great disservice. First, there are still low press cuts whatsoever for Walmart customers in 35 states. Next, Walmart isn't discounting generic drugs in general. It offered the $4 price on 291 of the several thousand generic drugs commonly available. Further, even a can who look at Walmart's initialist reveals just 124 different drugs later increased to 143. So where did the 291 come from? One need they've looked past the letter A to see 12 different variations of the common antibiotic amongst the cylinder. Many other common drugs appear in multiple dosages, including some already available other stores for less than four bucks. In the end of global corporation made a business to signal the small portion of one product line, even Walmart says that this concept is a flat list at a quarter of their generous, and received prices publicity promoting its low press image. The benefit to Walmart and harm to competitors was huge and immediate. A pull by the Wall Street Journal found that 13% of respondents indicated Walmart targeted a rather mass-mortzense, where their usual destination for filling drug prescriptions. That was before Walmart's PR stunt. After the media variety of matching offers by target other mass merchants, a stunning 50% of those respondents said they would likely very likely or absolutely certain be federal prescriptions of these stores. They should think twice. Through some people need one of the chosen drugs and lack insurance will save money, but unless chopper's check-in advance to see if they're needed medications among the select few, they're likely to become victims of what the National Gwynnley Pharmacist Association calls a classic bait and switch. Unfortunately, the relative cost and benefits of buying drugs from various sources remain largely unknown to most people. Contrary to common perception, the evidence overwhelmingly indicates independent pharmacies not Walmart or other chains, offer the greatest value. In 2003, the state of Maine research prices are 15 common prescription drugs that independent chain pharmacies of all kinds statewide. The 10 lowest price pharmacies all were independence, beating all five Walmart to the study. Around the same time, studies by the New York City and senior action council and Albany also referme lowered overall drug pricing and independent pharmacies and chain competitors. While it's natural to assume the vime-car of drug chains or mass merchants translates into lower prices, independent pharmacies now compete quite well through group purchasing efforts in a many cases, much lower markups. And independent central compete on price, they do it while offering more than just pills. In 2003, consumer reports magazine surveyed 32,000 readers about their experiences at thousands of pharmacies, including independence chains and those with supermarkets and mass merchants. The mass merchants had a small age on price alone, independence trounced the chains and overall value by an eye-popping margin. The survey found independence were more likely than all chains stores to have even medication that other stock drugs faster and provided more personal attention. And personal service from the neighborhood drugstore means more than asking, how is the family? Anyone taking multiple medications, their pharmaceutical detention can be crucial to avoiding dangerous drug combinations. Unfortunately, the credulous coverage of all marks drug promotion is typical, not exceptional. Last November, Walmart released a study commission from a consulting firm global insider asserting that Walmart saved 2329 bucks for an average household. That's a remarkable claim. And as with Walmart's press release on drug discounts, hundreds of media outlets promptly covered other results and some still cite them today. One problem with the study would be obvious to any economist, the firm applied its savings rates as the average household income of 61 grand, not the median, which is 43,000, grossly overstating savings from most Americans. And the study itself ended Walmart's depressing effect on wages, lowers household incomes, thus eliminating more than two thirds of the supposed savings. Moreover, when the economic policy instances were a thing tank partly funded by unions analyzed global insider methodology, it found fatal flaws, including major internal inconsistencies and a first that fails the most rudimentary sensitivity checks, but E.P. Eisenhower says we see it's scant attention. Admittedly, Walmart's tank had one positive impact, increasing awareness of generic drugs, but the massive promotion budgets of national chains can lead even critical fingers to perceive often wrongly that chains provide greater value than your neighborhood businesses. Reporters and editors should help their readers make folding informed choices by providing independent analysis, not just a pro-form of quote from a critic, when Walmart issues its next press release. American should know they don't have to choose between competitive prices and quality service. They likely can receive both at local businesses and invest more in their products and services than just public relations. Sounds like a shout-of-wrong art again to me. The previous day, the best challenge to the business we owe Roger S. Forty-O-Five-60. Go, go, go, go. And we got this guy around. And when I'm up in Boca, Tinkess, laughing all the way into the paint and lips around the pool, I listen to the real Rogers one to two of us. Yeah, I mean, I listen to any other Rogers Aaron Balon for the two hours. We were, we were, we were, we were. Yeah, I met the check. It's a perfect thing. This station presents real American heroes. Real American heroes. Today we still have you, Mr. Cross-dressing Halloween costume where are you? Cross-dressing Halloween costume where? Well, how you all, I mean, we look in your wife's closet when she's a way in her mother's, wandering to yourself, how a slinky soap cocktail dress would feel against your mindly skin. I just want to hear you. You killed two birds with one stone, Mr. Cross-dressing Halloween costume where it, creating a party costume and satisfying your deepest desires. Sure, have to make some more. Control top-paddy holes, sure, does the trick. No more, tell me both. So this Halloween, when you see Edda from Chipping in a wig, make up and a sequined evening, make sure to cast-call and compliment, Mr. cross-dressing Halloween costume where it's a real American hero. Cross-dressing Halloween costume where? Although she was at a die-for, do they come on the size they're doing? She said, oh yeah, but they do. Happy Halloween to, man. Just go out there and act like a real jerk, like any real idiot. And a lot of you will, right? Well, not me anymore. There's another excuse to go out there and act like a jackass. I wish I could. I wonder if a judge was out there to trick her treating. I wouldn't say trick her treating. Mm-hmm. Just get in the wrong. So all the other excuse to get drunk, each trick. That's the number one hobby. Well, that's what the pages do in Mark Foley's house to go trick her treating. He thought they liked it. 574 votes on the full. We're not going to get to 14 Android, I guarantee you that. We'll get to 13 something else because we didn't push it my fault. Sorry, it's about to hurt me, so we don't care about that. Especially when you consider, look at the number of people who just don't care. Okay. 174 votes are no interest to me for a new 25, which best describes you on football program. 425 people say, we just don't care. And like I've always told you, if you didn't go to school, or somebody your family don't go to school or didn't go to school or didn't go to school, why should you care anyway? Right, or get a tattoo of them. Oh my god, or where are some of that stupid paraphernalated that ugly orange and a piece of color? Yeah, oh my god. Where it came, shirt, that didn't go to school there. Josh. Do you want to come for a today? Yes, I know. You know, now I know why. You were like, no, seriously, I know why he likes Spider-Man so much because he and totally required about so much income. But it looks. Oh, she's quite a banana. But see, what end would an E the plural? Because singular and high C. So it was saying you're right, but I don't care what it was. That wasn't the point. It was just annoying. You know, it was a weirdo thing. She's quite a banana. 50 bananas. Yeah, stick your bananas where they won't own shrine. Go back to Sicilia. Get out of my face. God. It's just like my, remember I was raving about Montreal and how much I liked it. I went to the casino. I'm lucky to first time, which is blind like that place sucks. And the food there, they have fabulous restaurants. But there's all those French people there, man. They suck. And you sit in the casino and some old troll is sitting next to you. And ask a question in the French and you'll say, oh, sorry, I only speak English. And then come to find out they speak perfectly English too. I have two minutes later, they start talking to Hockey and French again. We will eat. Oh, oh, oh. See, there's my South Florida cracker mentality is just coming to the fore again, you know? The fore. Unlike South Florida here, just about everybody speaking English. I mean, you know, and we got certainly much more cultural diversity. They say, this is the most diverse and perversity in the world of the world. What they say, you know, they who says that. That's her cash to know of his benefit. Whoever they is, you know, they who say a lot of things. They're over there, I think. Yeah, they say over there. We had a two, two at nine and a seven at ten. I'm looking at these hour by hours. That's why we got that big figure up there. And a lot of it was George, baby. And Josh, let's give George and Josh a big pet on the back. No money, but a big pet on the back. Good job. Great job. And then, of course, we got a nice goose back up there in September when what's your name? What's his name? Oh, God. Came back on there. Do you see back up again a little bit? You ought to be mighty proud of him. I'd be running around the building, holding, making copies of this, plastering it on walls on doors. Seven, seven, oh, eight, one, six, seven and seven, four. And the six points, seven and seven, four by the way, beaten the crap out of rush. You see, Clarence, as you know, he continues sending me the waxing numbers like we really care about. Yeah, we care about them as far as imposed to our sports hours numbers, the other 20 hours of the demonstration. But that's not our competition. He's still too stupid to understand that. Our competition is IOD and INZ, and I'm a American and Nazi radio. You don't get that. And, of course, we got a men radio. What a how to come and talk about it. He was always giving me a song to the answer about James Crystal List and Steve Lampad that. And they would like to have you on a stage, you know, all the other crap, you know. Did it happen? Was there an offer made? No. And if there was, he couldn't see a video anyway. Just like the deal with serious. I just realized I got a straight friend about here and I got like, you know, don't you hate it when you, well, of course, you don't print out a lot of stuff. Not a lot. Little, when you're going to print something, I'm going to send this a bunch of pop-up cramped that shows up on a part of the page. Why don't I have that problem because I select and then print this election. Oh, I'm going to tell you too, like all people do that don't waste fighting. No, all people don't do that. All do do do. Yes. You know, we're all do doing on a ship. I'll bet an accrueship over the edge of the no turrets. How'd you like that? I mean, you know, if you're stuck out of the middle of the desert by yourself, it didn't make any difference. Although the desert is probably not a really good place. Well, not even dig yourself a little bit. Right here in the woods, I mean, there's like leaves on the tree. There's stuff that you can improvise and use for toilet paper. And the desert is nothing but sand. I'll tell you. I guess you're going to have to to wipe with sand in your hand, you know, just rub it. Wind up with a sandy. Right. So, ass. Speak of that porn star gives up candidacy to be with sick mom. It's chopped off on a right-hand margin here, brother. Porn star Mary Carrie, you know, her? Nope. And that's the one that ran for governor? Yes. All right. Then I do. Since she was dropping out of the California governor's race to be with her any mother who's been hospitalized in Florida since jumping off a forester. Since jumping off a forester, a building last month. Oh, God. Carrie, who shot the world-wide fame with her corsat, a Gubernatorial campaign against Arnold in 2003 said her mother was in critical condition at a four-loaded of hospital facing surgery. And as much as I want to help the state of California be a better place, I think it's more important to me with my mom and help her, Carrie, said, you see, if the rest of the world would just civilize, we could spend all of our time having nonstop orgies and parties and just have a great time, you know? That's what it's, that's what it's, that's what we need as people like this broad. Mary Carrie. All right. I think it's more important to me with my mom and help her, she said in the written statement. Her mentally-handy cat mother jumped off the building last month. I'm only 26, I have many more years to be involved in politics. The right now must be implarded with my mom for now, I just like that, so we might pray for a healthy recovery for mommy. The star of such adult titles in the sea, this is what's in who she is. Adult film titles as Boomsville sorority girls, as running as a writing candidate in 2006, because you've filled together enough signatures to be on the November ballot. Last week, Carrie followed the leave of Schwarzenegger's Democratic Chounder's State Treasure of Phil Angelini's, in demanding that NBC TV host Day Leno give her equal time on the night show following the governor's reason guest appearance on a program. I guarantee a Mary Carrie will get a much bigger tune in than I will guarantee that. Oh, yeah. When you think and if she's the group and aator who's going to care. Here's a policy suggestion from somebody. I'd like to Americans do better than anybody else in the world. It's a good poll. Is it? I think it's a good choice as they give so far. Make love, waste time, party, slash, get intoxicated. Stop. Stop. Josh is Ali. When he's not trying to be a tobe and wear. Kill, pollute, lie, make war, deny reality, spend money on crap. Medicine and movies. I would agree with many of those when you. Sure. But that first one there, make love better than anybody else in the world. Ah, no. I don't think so. But then I get what would I know about that, right? Right. I guess like Clinton would say it all depends on what you mean by another expression, what making love is. To me, that's a stupid expression anyway. It is not just to know what it uses it. Because most sexual, whatever. There's an awful lot of sex going on. It has nothing to do with love. I'm nice, put that went across George. I found me figured out yesterday. Well, I was eating my ice cream, did you? Yeah, you're not just like my mother. You're like a combination of both of my parents. Oh, excellent. Yeah. My mother on the nagging side and my father on the cold hearted side. Well, I didn't start out that way enough. So I was going to a bit of experience. Oh, no. To know if all of his own, if there's no such thing as love, that's what he would tell you. I was at no I'd optimistic you. And here I just took that full couple of weeks ago about following your love every few minutes, man. You're out in the box. Mmm, as Mark Foley would say, mmm. I got news for a man. There are many times including the other day, woodbund. Twice I saw people in there. I thought to myself, mmm. Like that. But you can't touch because you get smacked in a mouth. And probably so no. Of course you never know. Maybe they might like it as the father said. But they were in a multidate. It looked like he was in trouble. Yeah, he seemed like he enjoyed it. He was saying, mmm. Yeah, he said, what's not to like. Isn't it wasn't that that was an old Campbell soups of all? Wasn't it? That was an old Campbell soups. So I was ready. Yeah, ask a chicken egg. Can't remember those. I don't like those old radio spots. Just like a third. You can, right? Yeah. The fact that I grew well that in thought out that he was bored and stir just Michigan up, that has no significance to you. But it's just, I mean, what are the odds of that? I mean, it's a small, it's a small time. I was the program director there. WST on surges Michigan. Work for a real jackass. His name was Lee Droser, who's a real jerk. But then again, how many times did we work for anybody who's not a jerk? Now we work for a guy. And I was a pretty good guy. He's like, you know, Joe Bell. He's okay. He's a good guy. Not a jerk. Not exactly a talk radio guy. But he's okay in his own, does our way? Doesn't talk bad about me behind my back. But I know of you. He's like, you talk me a bad about me behind my back. Just this morning. All the time. That's what your mutual friends said. Yeah, I know. I was always telling him about that. Just the other days, I mean, the fact that he was up here. Thinking about you. I'm sure he said he's talking about you. Right now. He has issues. Okay. Yes. Ladies, issues. That's the way to go. I'll you, I'll you head to our guys, man. It's all the same. You always wind up neurotic with the millennials, you know? Yeah. I was always fags like me. We don't have such issues. We have to worry about that. That's true. Believe me by that. I've known a few feats to fall in love and get all wrapped up around somebody. Oh, and I'm pretty good. Get wrapped up around somebody. Uh huh. Get an all look. 97 is this full frozen now or something. Or is it just that we we see into the line? He flushed. Probably 99. Our flushed it. But there's David Gurgen on there. He's only on what? About 80 times a day on TV. He's on a white horse. Oh, God. Get back on your white horse. Get lost. Get lost. I'm a lady. I do like you. David, Charleston. Good point. I do like a loopback road Chevy too. That's why by all my corvettes there. And not only that. Also about some other vehicles there as well. Because you can't beat him for service, selection, and of course sales. Greg Nelson's taking care of me for about 100 years now over there. And you'll get the same spectacular treatment loopback road like I've always gotten and you'll go back again and again. They don't have to do it right. And right now it's the back road Chevy's race to a thousand. For the first time in their history they want to sell a thousand vehicles in one month. And they're going to do it this month. They're going to start to over. They've got the largest selection new news cars included in the hot new corvettes, which is believed me to die for. Trucks SUVs and many bands. The biggest selection anywhere in town. And they've also got a lot of use cars starting just 39.95. Everyone backed by a car factory guarantee. Loopback road is out to sell like I said a thousand cars this month. And as a result they're staying open till midnight. Every night to get to that thousand number. By the way, keep that in mind. If you ever do the show when you fill in and don't get a thousand votes. Stay until midnight until you get to that thousand. All right. For get the price. Make a man offering they'll beat any deal. They ever heard of anywhere. It's more money for your trade in. Zero percent financing. We've made it up to six grand. Whatever it takes. That's what my buddies at Loopback will do for you. Only a loopback road Chevrolet with two great locations for you. They're in Pompat OB to quarter mile west of I-95. Just look for that gigantic American flag. And also in coconut quick on 441. Just south of the soil grass. And don't forget, there's stayed open till midnight. Every night. So get your butt over to Loopback road right now. This is so weird. We got a week to go in October. And get the best deal in history on a great new Chevy. Or check them out on their website. Loopbackroad. The ACHRODT. Loopbackroad.com. The biggest name. So best tell us if this is for you Roger. For Shredio 560. You A-M. Absolutely. Okay. Okay. Okay. We're going to take it. And we promise no Obama's love to bring those summer. Okay. We'll take it. Also, do we see? Okay. But there's the same concept on a mobile. I've got grasswares. The bad folks going to get away from it all. There's nice desert here. We're ready to tear our wrist. We're feeling in tears. We're getting in our vacations from man. We're got the talent band. Down in Blanton. Out here at Elkina. Who we're going to take yet. And we promise no Obama's resolve to bring those summer. It took place way. We're going to take it. 13 and 11 votes on the pool. Not too bad. We got mad dog coming up with two o'clock. I'm sure a lot of national team thought we could be talking about those. Six dolphins. And next day, we've been such a jackass. And despise and hate it by all. No, some of those promos on those rejoins. Dr δεν. Then attack the bears. I'm gonna tell I hope. Let's talk about their不要. 1 and 7. Oh brother, you're going to be talking about an asking me to be a lynch mob. I think there could be a lynch mob waiting for Nick when the team comes back to Chicago. If they play even remotely like they played against any of these other teams including their miracle victory over Tennessee, if they play like they played a nose 7 games against the Bears, it's going to be like 63 to zip and won't be at the 63 for the offense either. Am I right? Yeah, you're right. No doubt. It's going to be really ugliness baby. And I also could be right about the fact that Northside the Patriots got that division locked up. Okay, not because I mean they're doing fine. I think you're doing division. Well, you just hear heartless. You know, you just brutal. But I mean, the Patriots, the Chets are okay and then you got two turrets and buffaloes. Bulls, suck in the dolphins are an embarrassment. They're like Hank says the worst of the history of the franchise. I think the same in era is almost over. Absolutely. You know, when you deal with a guy like that who who let's you know right up front that he's real up tight about the media and his thin skin. They're going to go 10 times as hard on him as they would ordinarily. You know, and sand is the wrong town for that. That's for sure. If you want if you want to have thin skin status out for it, it's not good for your complexion. You get cancer. That's right. You get that big, big carcinoma. If the elections for Congress were held in the accord of the new Newsweek poll, 60% of white evangelicals would support the Republican candidate and their district compared to 31% who had backed an Democrat to be uninitiated and may sound like hard to news for Republicans in the bottom of their discontent. But if you're a punitive poll or a preacher, you know better. White evangelicals are a cornerstone of the GOP base. In 2004, exit polls found Republicans carried away evangelicals tweet a one over Democrats getting 70 poor before 74 or four for said their vote. In turn, evangelicals carried the GOP to victory, but with a little more than two weeks before the Christmas at two weeks of the day now, the Republican base may be cracking. It says, this is in the Newsweek. If something doesn't give and quick, Republicans will view 2004 as the good old days, 55% of likely voters in the Newsweek poll stayed both of them in their district if the election were held today. Again, 37% of said they'd vote for the Republican. That's not surprising. But the new poll suggested from the leaves of bell weather voting blocks to voters' priorities that a possible Republican lost could turn into a route. Take white Catholics. See voters who went for abortion in 2004 election. This time 44% of them plan to vote Democrat versus 42% of the plan to vote Republican. Among the dependence, 44% support that Democrat in their district while 34% are supported to Republican. And voters have more faith in the Democrats' scandal. Almost every major issue presented in the poll conducted Thursday and Friday nights of last week through a phone interview with a thousand adults. On Iraq, Democrats 46 to 34 on the economy, 45 to 35, federal spending 52 to 30 to 29 and health care 57 to 24. That sounds like dolphins scores on losing end. But Democrats shouldn't start measuring for the drapes in this speaker's office just yet. Compared to the Newsweek poll two weeks ago, taken the aftermath of Miss Foley's congressional page scandal, Republicans seem to be closing the issues gap, at least on the issue where they traditionally enjoy greater voter trust in Democrats. The October 5 and 6 poll gave Democrats a lead on moral values, 42 to 36 are standing reversal of every previous poll. While Republicans have a retaken in their lead on the issue, they've stopped to slide. In the new poll, 41% of Americans say they trusted Democrats more on values, and 37% said to say trust in the GOP more. How about we not trust any of them? How do you like that? That's my idea. Yeah, they're all a bunch of crooks. The Democrats are just a buffer. And both they said in the Godfather, got a lot of buffers on the street. Was that guy's name with a mustache? Uh, Tiki. Yeah, very good. Why Tiki? That is shocking. Tiki, they caught me up. Yeah, Tiki, teach my own. Can't quite the banana. That, he'd take up an ad, and get lost. Okay, just go home and take your ugly wife for you. I mean, this guy, he was like, yeah, just a guy, you know. Like maybe 35, 40 years. She looked like his grandma was his wife. She had a hunker the sizing yonkers unbelievable in the time with a big nose that I'll believe him. Not an Italian notice. He, uh, she, she was, uh, believe me. What? Grow test. Oh, probably had a lot of cash though, you know? Which best is going to see that's one thing about you, man. You know, see how that's where you made your bag mistake. What's your going to be, uh, if you're going to be miserable all your life, at least Marion, who a family, it's got loads of cash. Millions. Yeah. Millions. Never did think along those lines. You better start right now. Right. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. That is. That's what we got 35 minutes to go. Oh, we got 13, 20. We need, uh, 80 votes for 14. How many do you think we could do it in 35 minutes? That's a little more this more than two a minute. If the audience is in it, we can win it. 13, 20 on the money. Which best describes you in football program? I'm not going to read that. Yeah. It's this part of season is boring. They suck. And it's schedule. Who'd have my stuff at schedule? I, uh, it's, it's almost like the whole concept is let's keep playing teams that are weaker and weaker and schools that are smaller and smaller and smaller. And maybe we'll find one we can beat someday and actually we're convincing doing it. As opposed to escaping by the skin of their teeth, you do realize that they can easily lost the Houston game and the Duke game. Right. Well, you know, they got a lot of problems at the end of their schedule. Starting Saturday. So we'll see what they got. They got Georgia Tech and Virginia Tech by Boston College last came in here. Oh, Boston College is a ghost and Doug fluently that it kicked their ass. When you think, didn't BC just beat somebody pretty good. It seems to me I could have dreamed that, but it's seeing I don't pay much attention. It seemed to me they just beat the crap out of like a decent team. Not a girl seemed like a hurricane. 26 past one and five, 60 WQM where we are really Sparse intensive manager. Jane too happy about it. And he's a ze audience. But just get to say. The audience is, uh, they're just, they're not into it. Okay. There are, there are, there are, there are, there are Zillions of people out there that are don't live die of me. They may actually watch the game and they even go to it a bunch of games. But they actually outside of that their motto isn't necessarily. I have no idea. Other than sniffing Josh traps. I guess it all depends on who was wearing it, right? I'm, I'm sitting first about James Franco. I don't know whether it's scream or eating, eating quantum in a living who looked better in the cycle. And you know, I never did. I sure hope so. He, he was like a punk. He was a scrawny and it made me think man, oh man, this guy's loosing weight. Oh, no, he's Jewish though. How can a guy named James Franco be Jewish? That's Chuck. Of course, maybe the size of his real name. That would be unusual in Hollywood and Shobinus. Let have Jewish Italians know that. Ten quantum in I mean. Experience the difference in the experience, the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pompano, at Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. It doesn't matter what time of the month you purchase a vehicle. You know, seriously, if I had a baseball bat and Gary Surners hit on a plate, I'd spend all of it is bashing and smashing. He's just, uh, he is what he is, you know. Anyway, whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedan, the 2007 GL class, the first Mercedes-Benz full size SUV or their large selection of certified pre-owned cars, you know you're going to get one hell of a deal. When you choose Mercedes-Benz of Pompano, you've got over 200 employees dedicated to providing comparable service offering you express loob rhymes with Q courtesy of the Ecos and Complementary Car Wash. Making a promise for the business development center. He even earned dealer miles just like frequent flyer miles too. Browse Mercedes-Benz of Pompano's indoor expo with over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles are going to venzpompano.com. Experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pompano and what a difference it is. Call 1-800 new Benz, any WWE ENZ. That's 1-800 new Benz, you'll find it with i95 and Clopens Road. Former Mercedes-Benz of Pompano and Mercedes-Benz is like no other. Be sure and tell them that Gary Surners sent you by. Force Radio 560, shoot 80 and. Holy Macanod, this is still born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. Absolutely. And that straight thought 40s are whole bro. You're fairie. A lot of Patrick's probably going to learn this quick bro. Haha Frière, you're a psycho doc, dude, verss. I, sir, get a formulation. Oh, I haven't given much fun with you, but we truly There's a shallot and dry and empty pocket hand out Needless to call you for no power, no power, no power, no power, no power, no power, no power From now on, you could't help a fool, eeč, eeč, oeč, oeč, oeč, oeč, believing it all benevolent, or like an effort That's a whole lot of me. Other women just fully form a chief of staff because he's hold has to staff as early as 2002 or 2003 of concerns about holy. And also there are members of Congress members of the leadership in have their breathless man and we see how speaker Dennis has their testifying before the House of the House. And as an effort to make sure the unexpected and like breathless the Brian Williams being on the counter. So Mike knowing as we do that the speaker of the House is in this behind that wooden door and the House ethics committee room. What's happening in there? What kind of woman format does it look in maybe tank? Well there are four fellow members of the House of Representatives of the House ethics committee. It's officially known as the House standards of official conduct committee. And they'll be questioning hashtard about the time line. If you judge by many of the people that have walked through those same doors over the past three weeks Brian what they're doing is trying to establish a narrative about who who what and when and what if anything they did about it to try to stop Mark Foley from some of these inappropriate contact. I want to find out that as many of you have to don't want to say that. Once with the sprinklers on and for days you're like, well, it's something crispy. Creams. I heard that's so like something. Well anyway. 1340 votes on. Look at that. I don't think we're going to get to 14. Look at what. You'll see the point back in order day from other people who are the motor. They did a full test much sooner than I got a hunch you're right. He's going to get his ass off. 1340 on the UM bash pool today. What best describes him in football program? I mean you've got a couple of positive choices on here like dynasty and exciting right? Yeah yeah. And if you have the nerve to vote for those, we don't want we don't know you. 1342 that was a good year. And we're going to need 58 for 14. I would say 24 minutes 58. I don't think we're going to do it. Be a little faith. I think we're going to fall short. And you know what to ban? We're not going to, we're not going to end French on mad dog territory and stay over past two or clock just to get to a 14. We had a thousand like court at 11 this morning. And speaking of that role me business on your team wouldn't be heard about any of you. You're testing for the House of the Committee on the Jim Romeshow. But neither the half and neither half or half. But very seriously, he's definitely thinking about this. You know who that's going to hurt from noon to three? At least a noon to two part of it. Which station is talking sports between noon and two with their point each year, whatever they got? Not a cross-estream. Yeah. So once once Rome comes back on and once Jim and Stardy starts to hop in and puffin. Look at the jab Jim, Stardy did get him at the good job for his buddy Evan and the call on him or whatever his name was. What does that name? That was his name. In fact, we got Evan on the schedule this Sunday morning, 10 to noon. I thought the Panthers were playing again on Sunday morning. This this parents man, if any any rational person would look at this schedule, they realized this this this give his lost and he is he is he is collapsed. He is suffered a emotional and mental collapse. Maybe he's got women problems or maybe Robert cut him off. Well, one of the other he has issues. You know what I'm saying? No. What is he saying? Is it the Vietnam yet? I better do the break early. Yeah, I think should. Why don't want to interrupt her out of course. He's got a big pair of man. I have a lot of respect for her. She's got guts. Just like what's in name? What was in name? The head of guts. So Susan O. G. The powder. Not Susan powder. She had a lot of nerve going on there with her ugly ass and peddling that stupid ass diet of hers. Oh, I mean, it's big of stupid ass diets. Guess who is ballooned up to gigantic proportion and I still live in the spots. Curse the alley. Yeah. If you see them all where she's answering the door and the girl's got, I don't know, it's still in candy bar. There's some out of her feet per one. Jesus, big as a house. And then of course they've got her. They've got her sludded into an outfit. It's about four sizes to a small, you know, they have to put her in with a shoehorn. Wow. She has burst in out all over that bitch. Curse the alley. All we can say is, oh, first she's the Scientologist. Oh, yeah. It's a good place for neurotic people. So maybe you ought to check it out. People that have neuroses. They'll take it. 13. 52 on a pole. Maybe we could make it to 14 if chocolate pushed in that first hour man. He's still he's dancing around the building because his books pulled it out 30 in. Maybe we're going to that Schwarzenegger's out of 13. Pointly over Philancelities and Mary Kerry. She ain't even on the list there. They like Arnold man. Not because he's a good governor because he knows his ass from your elbow or 15. Quite the banana. But he just, he's Arnold, you know, some of those things. It's like Toby McGrower was running for a Senate. Which I think he would win? Yeah, sure. Spider-Man or James Franco. You know, before did it before last night I would have ordered for James Franco. But after seeing that movie, movie was really enjoyable. Or you like to second one better and James is a little bit or grown up. So yeah. It's not that's a question grown up. It's like emaciated. He looks like he's had some meals. And between us. Well, if you ever butcher up and watch Tristan and his old. How well really good there? And he looks really good on my wallpaper on my desktop. Let me take a look. Yeah, it's still as good. I'm my desktop. Hey, it's down mattresses 30th birthday. We ought to give him like a little jingle and you think. Do it. Well, if I can find the dancing here it is. And it celebrates their 30th anniversary. Dalmatra's in Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons. View the rest pillow top. You can choose from a South Florida's biggest selection of Simmons video rest. And of course you get same neighborhood like always with Dalmatra's. I've used him for over 20 years man a long time. And if they're 30th birthday, why should we share I had that thing to do up, you know what? But I don't got to go real service. Real saving. It's got to stay. There it is. When you live a good clean life, you can choose from South Florida's biggest selection of Simmons video. Rest like I said, if you're finally ready for a really great night's thing for years to come. Do this smart thing. Forget about those. Bending in departments, doors and shutting all over town. Wasting a lot of time and gas and money. Call Dalmatra's with that one easy call 1 800 mattress for no nonsense factory Direct prices in award winning service. Dalmatra's got 12 month financing and with Dalmatra's. They deliver when you want them to. You picked it to our window and convenient for you when you're at this. And they show up seven days away from eight in the morning till 10 PM. You picked the time 11 to one. One to three to the four. Four forty five to six forty five. They'll even show up on the same day that's a call. And Dalmatra's delivers just about every time. That's why Dalmatra's is ranked number one in the world at customer satisfaction. And my all of us at QM used Dalmatra's on the web check. On the web check, amount of Dalmatra's dot com or call that tool free number 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT RES leave off the last as because it stands for spectacular savings and sales rules. The biggest name. So best deliver. The basis for your rocker's force radio 560. If you pay them. Possibly the same. God bless America and face these in a decent way up here. I'll do it. We're going to need forty four so we got fifteen minutes. We're going to fall short. I can smell it already. I can't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I just make you sorry. I read the views. On my nook. He can't do it. First for me. So you better watch. I'll pay you a palm your feet. Maybe I can't help palm your feet. Or yet she doesn't understand palm your feet. Maybe I don't know palm your feet. I have tiny men. I'd get your prime. I don't know palm your feet. Don't know what you've made. But I don't care. I'm a shroomed cloud and figured my hair. I don't know palm your feet. Maybe oh I don't know palm your feet. I'm forty zero. I'm going to throw you. I'm going to throw you. I'm going to throw you. I'm going to throw you. I'm going to throw you. I'm going to throw you. Oh. I don't know palm your feet. I didn't many like this, it's true. One forty six. Fourteen. Two. Three. Fourteen. I mean, I remember came up with that fourteen 100 number. No, it just pulled it out of my nose. Yes, yes. Yes, spotty ass 1364 there's the gecko. I am really tired of the one to get I hate the gecko that's the only thing I like about their commercial I mean I didn't mind him in the beginning before they came up with a good stuff Put out once you're the gecko and you got a cab in that like the ver and I like all these it will Right, yeah from the phone call guy Anyway, American soldiers shot and killed four wacky firm and after mistaking their fire tender for one hijack by insurgents US military quarters are said what is a fire tender? They tell fires that It's all me is your fire tender after receiving word that a fire truck And it's cruel we're just hijacked coalition forces pulled over a fire truck matching that description So the statement is grabbing Monday's incident in the Western City of Falugia when the on arm fire fighters got out of the fire tender US soldiers often fire kill them is staking them for armed insurgents Well, they're a little cut you over there as you can well just understand which is why several of them many of them are not saying we want to come home and cut the crap And this war now. You see that? Yes 1364 man we need 36 votes in 13 minutes. That's just out of our we can't third 30 1366 We're gonna be like right on the precipice of 1400 We're gonna leave us hang in today. Thank you feel it. It's all smell it. It's all some Probably the FIU crowd Cindy she and says is it the Edmanya with the mentor elections Looming dangerously close to east from today and with public opinion now position in Georgia scale for impologies crossing the two thirds mark The White House announced that they're gonna present their puppet government of Iraq with a timetable for US withdrawal This reminds me of Richard Nixon's secret time to remove US troops from Vietnam They touted in his neural electro victory over Hubert Humphrey 1968 The US time for withdrawing from Iraq would include the Sarmium militias and training more Iraqi security forces to take over security of the country Which sounds suspiciously like Nixon's Vietnamization program with the inscipient war-monger Kissinger We were wondering why Iraq was such an omitted disaster that can the U.V. office advising George this smell like a fiasco to anyone else unbelievably even on my own son was killed in Iraq. I'm often told that the US deaths in this young century's first conflict for a prophet Our negligible compared to Vietnam or a drop in the bucket. I have terrible news for those Raffwing carnage confederates Iraq is even deadlier for US forces in Vietnam In the first three years, seven months of the illegal and a more lockipation of Iraq 2800 of our volunteer soldiers have been tragically killed in the first four years of the illegal and a more Complicate than Vietnam 1864 conscripts were killed The disparity in KIA is as huge in the implication of this makes me nauseous October is turning in one of the grizzly as months for soldiers and citizens in Iraq with Henry Kissinger visiting Georgiana Semi regular basis and with the beat of the death rums pounding for Iran We can recall Nixon's invasion of Cambodia and the resulting carnage in Southeast Asia and the violent protests like Kent State here at home Apparently Nixon secret plan was increased slaughter and I should have think of George's plans for peace In $2,000 the congressional hacks of the war machines burdens $161 billion of our dollars in the 14 years of Vietnam dragged disasterously on However, that's a poultry sum So far in $2,000 $6 Congress has deliriously wasted almost $340 billion The war machine is busy laundering the blood out of their money before they make it a positive An national bank of lost hopes and dreams The other similarities to Vietnam proved the old adage that those who do not learn from mystery are doomed to repeat it In 1967, Bob McNamara, JFK and OBJ Secretary of War in prime architect of the Vietnam mistake Let this post is primary civilian death deliver to become president of the World Bank Similarly, a system secretary of war and prime architect, two liter and liar of the Iraqi mistake Paul Wolfowitz left his post in the war department for the apparent next logical step of president of the World Bank Evidently, it's not a way in Bush code that one's pension for Bushri as we were in the handsomely Across the country, our fellow Americans discreet that young people aren't involved in the anti-war movement But there isn't as much activism as there was during the Vietnam years Historically, the anti-war movement is much more active in the world and in this conflict than the same time period during the Vietnam There were enormous demonstrations before the invasion of Iraq because millions of people around the world didn't want to be witnesses to another bloody struggle And I didn't want to be killed, didn't want killing to be waged in their names, good reading I myself have been involved in enormous demonstrations just in last year, right Cindy As the news coverage on the ground in Iraq vastly differs from the news coverage in Vietnam So does the coverage of the anti-war movement which is terribly under-reported Recently, Congress members from California wrote letter to rumbo to request that the Pentagon removed him But it reporters from CNN out of Iraq because surprisingly CNN showed some ghastly footage of Iraqi snipers targeting US troops No one wants to see death as it happens unless it's fictional And increasingly Americans are realizing that just because we're not showing the shocking images Doesn't mean that they aren't happening We're beginning to come out of the media and use the coma and contradict Bush codes perception that Iraq is a hotbed of happiness and democracy No, we the people are realizing that the criminals who put our young people in an avoidable situation are the ones to blame And the shocking images will stop when our troops are brought home In Vietnam, we saw Lieutenant convicted and later pardon for war crimes in the horrors of me lie In Iraq, we've seen a few private and specialist be similarly prosecuted for his Hours as Abu Ghara, right after he had none, Nixon Johnson, McNamara, Kiznir, etc Should have been prosecuted for war crimes and crimes against humanity We all know what happened to each of them, Kiznir won no bell peace prize McNamara won on the World Bank and the prisons we've started to infamate the rest States in a cozy lifetime with their families In any of them have regrets nightmares or feelings of abject guilt Probably not, but we know for certain that none of them went to prison But this cragmeyer of Iraq, we the people must make sure that Bush cocaine Outretired of their ranches in Crawford or Paraguay Or a state to live in lives of relative ease They must be prosecuted in prison for the murderers that their policies and breed of cause Wars for Prophets will not end until those responsible for causing them Our forced to face their mistakes and pay for them You go girl, there is more to our own hypocrite all the last paragraph She says is Iraq Vietnam yet yes and no, yes that people are dying for no reason And the continued death is justified by not cutting and running Yes that families are being destroyed and our treachery is not only being emptied But trillions in the red but also no Iraq is worse than Vietnam she said 1380 baby we're out on the precipice of greatness So we made 1400 by 2 o'clock. I think I might squeeze myself not too tight Oh, I don't think 1882 when you 18 votes in 7 minutes and there's Miss Potter again She's all with them But what I somehow let's say the turnout could actually be low Because many voters are turned out by the lengthy and often negative campaigns Brian So let's talk she just smelled somebody and maybe the cameraman and we'll bed the egg fart Wow, you see the way she rink off her nose, Miss Potter 153 and 560 WM and slumps your face Airbie weekend man, every Friday through Sunday, the Amor coast the best Chinese buffet in town Three locations for you. You'll find the Amor coast in sunrise, Pemberpines and sunny hours And over 100 different delicious items featured on Amor coast amazing buffet All of them crunchy and delicious too, by the way nothing soggy in the goofy Six delicious gourmet soups delicious succulent New York state grilled the ordered juicy and fantastic Handcar primary of sushi, traditional Asian dishes a salad bar and a Seal bar and the dessert bar is spectacular all Josh has to do it to the word bar and he immediately It's like a honic of bush and the dessert bar the Amor coast is spectacular too We can feature the 40 inch mouthwatering chocolate fountain hand if your strawberries all kinds of fruits Marshmallow cheesecake other deck and treats in loads of milk chocolate for dessert a perfect way to win the gigantic pig out at the Amor coast No headaches because they don't use any MSG only the best healthy cholesterol freaking on oil And right now when you go in as a party for ask for the meal meal you get five dollars and 60 cents off your total check with four paying adults Amor coast open for lunch and dinner every day Call 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 for reservations 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 Don't forget every day it's a meal deal day and Friday through Sunday. It's lobster fest only at the Emerald coast Chinese buffet The best challenge to this is meal rotters for 20.5 60 T90 6 we need four votes in two minutes anybody could do that right For more for 1400 Good or a scrunch So Several days ago I commented briefly on some recent statements that have been made by some members of Congress about Iraq and it's important to make this point at the outset The president of the United States purposely misled the American people on three war intelligence American soldiers and Marines serving in Iraq throughout every day and some of the most dangerous and unpredictable conditions These brave Americans were sent into battle for a deliberate falset Pre-war information was distorted to corrupt the oil for food program There is no denying that the president lied to the American people This is revisionism of the most corrupt and shameless variety It's also something I enjoy 14 and one of the reasons I've stayed in the feeling is probably the same for most of us in public life The president and his administration paid our country 14.5 cities for which we stand They dwell on the shadows have no regard for the laws of warfare and feel unconstrained by any standard of morality The president of the United States is dishonest and reprehensible and none of us should want it any other way Thank you very much