SQUIDE A YOU FASTED! What's the problem officer? The boy from the vehicle. What's the problem, sir? If you're pod driving without a seat belt, you will be removed from your car and shot. The police now have the authorities who enforce seat belts safety under the new Patriot Act 2. The new laws in effect now, so click it or the shot. Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the neverending fight against terrorism. Terrorists act such as mouth noise. Curvings and fighting. But be annoying to others. So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants. Anyone eating outside the designated eating area? Will also be shot. It's the law. We like saying that the law. The law. It's the law. It's the law. It is. It's 10.01. If I have 60.01. Happy Friday to you. So did you end food? I don't see food. I added it. I don't see it. You're getting all the fence in now. I don't see it. Telling you. There is no way of going to church. Well, I guess if I talk too much about food, it's bad for my fat list. You're out there because then it inspires them to go out there. It's all about the food. It's all about candy and ice cream and crab. It's got my taste buds. It's all the way to the other body. That's right. I always blame me for your own weaknesses and fatness. It's good. I've got to go eat something else. Another 4 US soldiers in the US Marine died in the documentary. It's been a day to the death screen. 2024, the number of US soldiers who have died since the war in Iraq began. 2024 people died for what? Absolutely. It's a lot of nothing. It's worth it. And a 3 US of 5.56 bodies, very signs of torture scattered around the Iraqi capital of Baghdad in the past 24 hours. All of print victims of sectarian death squads. Oh, things are going swimmingly well over there. The bodies all men between the ages of 20 and 45 were found between 6 to 5 yesterday morning and 6 to 5 this morning. All were civilian clothing and had been bound at the wrist and ankles. The police will tend to said bodies showed signs of having been tortured. It happened in practice among religious extremists who see victims from private homes or from cars and buses traveling from the capital's dangerous streets. There's nothing more religious than torturing people. I think that's really great. That wins a lot of points with Allah. Doesn't it? Allah, Allah, God, Yahweh. You didn't. Allah, grant. They all live. Here's the poll from yesterday. You can sit yourself completely open minded. Oh, yeah, right. Although thank at least 150%. I hate to think that over half our audience lies to themselves and to us. But they completely open minded. 75640 and a half percent of the audience said they're completely open minded. They don't have no predaducing against nobody. You believe that? No. Have we ever met this person? No. Pregnist 544. I hate to say that this poll 137. Races 67 and a total bigot are real bigoted piece of crap only 54. So who hates everybody? Jews, blacks, spags, a quarter weekend. Human, the salt, whatever they are. That's right. Take your shell. Oh yeah. Sports talk. Here's today's poll. And I figured I give them a chance. And I don't understand why I hate this poll is doing so well again. Maybe that's the new crank. Do you sure? No matter what the poll is going to be. That's going to be the leading. Yeah, I'm. Maybe I'll stop putting that on there. I did. You did what? Stop putting that on there. Screw those people. You do it. No. Have a good time doing it. You see them. Neotox, too much about. There's 820 votes. We got that thousand. I would say. For that morning show is so sporty. You'll talk too much about. I hate this poll. 120.6%. Why would I hate to poll? Because it's a chance to like with me and ask. That's the idea. Maybe these young polls. 133. I told there's Michael Zayfax spinning and twisting and swirling. You know, I don't want to sound in sensitive. I don't want to see him. I don't want to see that. Okay. I don't want to sound like an insensitive loud like that. I just want to see. Of these young polls. 133. Well, too bad. Of course racing. 115. Well, yeah. The breeder's cup of our any interest. Huh? Any interest? Oh, thanks. So weighted. He's at the Louisville. I'm working high. He's 105. How about those? Panthers beat the Leafs quarter two last night. At least missed the team bus. Man is been 57. Politics. Wait a minute. 67. Politics 61. Sales holds 58. Almost 47. That Matt Cassels could play for my team any day the week. And he does. George W. Bush 42. What was that? There's name Andrey Annen. Farb Lungin AB Ishkerbibble. Yeah. George W Bush 42. Too much bush bashing. Religion 24 and food sold a mentally uno. Only one was this one on there. But and probably the one is from whoever facts that in. What's wrong with talking about food? At least there. At least there are something. It's like when we use to all those movie shows. I don't like movies. Remember that? That's how it all means. That's the soft food across. I don't know. It's what I've heard of anybody who does like movies. At least a good movie, right? Or music. Right. What's the law? It's so stupid. It's embarrassing. But then again, it sounds sort of for you. I wonder, I guess I could play the audio from Dracula. There's no way for a word towards an ass. Yeah, but we missed out the good parts already. I don't know what he's doing. I just enjoyed it. If you don't tell me away. You must answer for what's happened to this thing. All right, Moses. Come along. Come along. Come along. What's this? But excited himself. Wootbe. Wootbe. You get friends that grow in Central Europe. It's an interesting day. You get to protect. But in the holidays, all of a sudden, the crap that they came up with you and over to you. There's all these make believe or Dracula. There's only one Dracula. Like Father Mary and said, in the exercises, there is only one. Remember that scene? There's only one. At any rate, what's all my talking about? See there you go with movies again. We don't learn movies. And we don't like food. That's for the Hampshire. Quit talking so much about food. And about ice cream and all that candy. Those Mary James, a George keeps teasing you with. Yeah, yeah. I wish you would have thrown that away. Can you put that envelope and said it to me? Put cough drops on the. Yeah. Yeah. You're such a knit with it. It just amazing. Yeah. What do I know? Past your 10 Hagrid is now admitting that some of the allegations by former gay escorted Mike Jones are true. Oh, my God. In the email obtained by Denver Channel, a new channel 13, acting senior past to Ross Parsley, who was on TV, little while ago, real snowman Screamer, says, Hanger confessed to the board of overseers. Parsley told members of new life church. As willingly and humbly submitted to the authority of the board of overseers, and we're may not an administrative leave during the course of investigation. The email goes on to say leadership team is strong and united. We remain resolute in our commitment to serving new life church and the people of our community. It also has members to continue to keep 10 in jail and their family in your prayers. Put your hands and your knees together and your cheeks. Back to them. 10 Hagrid was the senior pastor of the 14,000 member new life church in Colorado Springs. He placed himself on leave from the church duties yesterday afternoon. He also resigned from his position as president of the National Association of Evangelicals, which encompasses 30 million Getskis, 30 million lunatics. The oldest total reporters that he stepped forward with charges now because he's concerned that Hagrid doesn't practice what he preaches. Jones laid out his charges during a top trial in Denver radio station K-A-J-O-W-K-How. Jones also accused of using drugs, drugs, and drugs. Pastor Hagrid first denied the accusations that interview with Denver TV station K-A-J-O-W-K-W-N-Z-D-I. He told the TV state a statement that he doesn't know Mike Jones never had a relationship outside his marriage. Hagrid has been a vocal supporter of the Colorado marriage amendment which replaced language in the state constitution defining marriages a relationship between one man and one woman that a member has drawn angry opposition from gay rights groups needless to say. Many Hagrid supporters questioned the timing of the allegation just days before the general election. The group, Colorado's former manager, should have stayed many yesterday afternoon saying, this is a difficult situation for Pastor Hagrid and his family. However, we will not let this distract the reference to Pastor Colorado marriage amendment. Mike Jones's mail-less girl making the charges against Hagrid fan boys. He ever ugly or what? He's got a crater for us. Good God. He'd have to pay me before I touch him with your hand. Gross. Mike Jones's mail-less girl making the charges claims to have voice messages. He's not the relevant, subtle supporters' charges. He's just claimed to have. He's got him. They've played him before and then they've asked for a human and he analyzed the voice messages and Hagrid's real voice and that's him. Yeah, it's serious. I think I had to do the moral of fame in my mind and that is exposed somewhat who is preaching one thing but doing the opposite. Oh, there's no such people. Jones claims his relationship with Hagrid continue over a three year period. And a B. K. Jones, which you know, that inspired me, not often mine inspired but that inspired me to Google and go back and get a story from two years ago, September 12, 2004 from the LA Times. Line here just a little bit of it. Okay. Television is Paul Kraut just attempts to keep accused or quiet. A former worker at TV, Intrinity Broadcasting threatened to disclose in alleged 1996 homosexual and counter. Oh, my God. What seems to be a common thread running through this? At least Jim Baker, he was well, he was dead on both. Right, everybody. Television is Paul Kraut, founder of the world's largest Christian broadcasting network has waged a fierce legal battle to prevent a former employee from publicizing allegations that he and Kraut had a sexual encounter eight years ago. Kraut's 70 is the prison of Trinity Broadcast network based in Orange County, California, who's Christian programming reaches millions of viewers around the world via satellite cable and broadcast stations. The source of the allegations against him is Enoch Lani Ford, a black man who met Kraut to the TV and affiliated drug treatment center of 1991 and later went to work for the ministry. After Fort Srette and the suit TV at a 1998 cleaning lady had been unjustly fired, Kraut received a 420, a reach of 425 dollar settlement with him and returned for a degree to among other things, not to discuss his claim about a sexual encounter with Paul's Kraut. But in the last year, Fort Srette and the public with a story of legal maneuvers conducted in closed court hearing sealed pleadings and private arbitration in the court papers, Proaches and Navigation to Ministry officials of Described Ford, who has a history of drug problems and a served time for a sex offense as a liar and a extortionist. He said the Ford and 25 grand was a good start, but he wants 10 million. Which ought to be a chump change for a guy like Paul's Kraut, do you think? Sure, he's got a right there and is all the way up as expensive that I'll let me come see where. Oh yeah. Costs are in my leg. 10k. 842 votes on the pool only three cents. Talk to much about food. So we're going to talk about food air every single day on and on until I cook. We're going to talk to much food. We talk about candy here we know. You talk about my egg beaters and the white beaters. Oh yeah, right. Egg beaters my ass. Yeah, best of why talk about that about the omelette, huh? And toast and potato. You're going to roast how toast sounds a little bit like Miguel. Do you ever know what to say? No. Just a little bit. I haven't noticed. Of course I don't. Because you know this in the morning show. I thought you're going to be fine. How can you comment on the kimi and bowl morning show? I can't wait for him to sit on tonight. You're more than that. No right. And I won't. Here's a line up today. Mad dog and hooters in Pompano 2 to 4. And then you got your power out with the Mad dog solo for the five. Because there's no hump around the day he's busy doing hot tossing around for the breeder's cup tomorrow. So instead of a hump or we got a kelly again five to seven. And then we got a lot of the ball brother. If you think that's best for way to hear the rest of our Friday night line up. Seven o'clock we got opening tip with Bimbou Kulz. You would think that we have the heat game on our station. We got opening tip and heat we want. Do we have the heat games? Oh, I don't think so. I think it's an I would be. Isn't it, John? Yes. But we have opening tip and closing tip and big on circumcised tip. Craig managed seven thirty ten heat rewind with Bimbou Kulz. It's 10 o'clock and then 80 k from 11 until the two in the morning. We don't have the heat games but we want to pretend to be all of Cerswiz. That's stuff. So as a result, I just don't understand any of it. Well George can explain to us later on. Sure. That's his area of x-ray please. 10 thirty and it will be in the 560 WDQAM. Hey racing fans. Pompano Park is giving away what you love the best. Cash. Money's sunny. Make sure to come up tomorrow Saturday November 4th for Pompano Park's great cash give away. For you drive throughout the night to win twenty five hundred dollars in freebending vouchers. But you might also win great tickets to not coming football game. It doesn't say which one. You must be 18 year old or the winner only won win for first nine the night free entry blanks of the given out starting at six pm with both interest gates and best of all both admission and parking are free at Pompano Park. Pompano Park is open for live racing and poker every Wednesday Friday and Saturday like today. Post time is open as a 725 at night and the smoke free poker room is open from noon to midnight with tournaments too. Silent casting every day seven days a week from noon till one in the AM. And don't forget tomorrow Saturday November 4th is the great cash giveaway. So come out to the track and when you're sure twenty five hundred bucks in betting vouchers may be some great football tickets to. Pompano Park racing and poker looking at just a blast out of Atlantic over in a power line road for the current racing schedule called nine five four nine seven two two thousand or just check them on the wicked way but Pompano Park dot com. The biggest thing. So the best challenge for the business will be your Roger S. Sports Radio 560. You. But stop to a Friday you best. Yeah. No. No song is harder. A lot more than those. They say their weapons. A mask is true too. That's a movie. I say we say a couple made a song. Oh. In the golf course. Then also. I think it's time to give us a word of word. So it's time to go those. I don't do that. I love the japan. I'm a. I'm a. I'm a. Children up. Let's see. I'm here. Two seven six. Me. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm going to the way. Next. I was hit with aे. I sang a song that I like the most. In a day. My music. I wonder how many people is this?φт Fuck you. I'm brave and sure that I'll be right. I'm blowing up again, I'm here right. I'm a lion and I'm here right. Oh, right. I'm here right. Oh, Charles, this is the day of all the other day. Come here, let it take us home. Come here, Charles. Order of luck and promise me to offer their board. She just has more problems in this movie. But this isn't maybe one of the best movies ever made. I have no idea what was, but nevertheless, Dracula, everybody now know all these punks. They think that all these new Dracula's and then Van Helsing. Why did they make a whole movie about Van Helsing? I don't know. To solve tickets. With all the respects and I love the original Dracula and it's the best world. The bronze stokers Dracula with Gary Oldman is Dracula. It's a fine movie. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here to the book. Great. Lots of breasts. Lots of blood. A lot of text on small children. Lots of children. Lots of children. The dog's finding mysterious woman in the right. To face the last night. That is a two-spong girl. Each child is driving a beautiful lighting in life. The promised egg chocolate is in fire set to 18th. How is I'm chocolate? See there go with that candy again. Candy little kid? It's bad. A school bus driver fired after she reportedly made an obscene gesture at President Bush. As filed a union grievance in the 10th of year to drop back. That's America for you now. You flip off the President and boy you're going to get your inspired. The 43-year-old driver whose name wasn't released by the way was driving middle school children back to school in Seattle after a zoo visit June 16. When the President and Republican representative Dave Riker drove slowly by an emoticate. From the bus the children waved with the windows down in their car, Bush and Riker waved back. That's when the driver gave the President to finger according to Riker and as Sakuwa Superintendent Janet Barry. The Congressman hadn't seen it but the President turned to him and said, That's that one's not a fan. That one's not a fan said Riker's spokeswoman Kim Rolik Kodania. Riker later called Verde to tell her about the incident but the bus driver had already been fired. District officials earned about the incident after the driver boasted the colleagues about it. District spokeswoman Sarah Negoski said the driver's filed a wrongful termination grievance through the American Federation of State County Municipal Employees. You needed in return calls seeking comment. The Gowski said the firing was not politically motivated. The bus driver wasn't terminated from making them seem gesture to the President. She was terminated from making them seem gesture in view of the students. That's not the role model we need. For sure. It's likely to stir anybody by an aircraft. No. You're so lost today. How was he who saved my? Darling. You're not going to die. You're going to live. No, John. You're not going to catch me. It's me now. Art, the only jewel that's in receiving Florida facts is that it's happy birthday. You will be bang. Thanks for stirring up the Schmidt and the Green Medal Ryan last a long way. Well, thanks a lot, Art. And happy your voice, too. You went over that. 862 votes on the pool. We've got to get that pull of going. Okay. We realize it's Friday. But if we're going to get 40,000 votes by two o'clock today, we've got to start kicking out baby in their new style. What do you think? Absolutely. I mean, Bradstark, you can't you. You believe it was named best hip hop artist, but still came off as a sore loser. That's what I mean. We haven't been through this before. It's trying to help you out. No. I've been an old man. I've been to this before. There he goes with the old man stuff. And you know what? I'm putting my checkbook away for permanent. Org about that. Can you believe it? Rapshtark, Kini West, was named best hip hop artist. Kim office is a surloser at the MTV European Music Awards. Kanye apparently was so disappointed not winning for best video. But he crashed the stage in Copenhagen yesterday. When the award is being presented, just as insimient for we are your friends. Just as insimient. Remember her to that? I sure have enough. In a tie-rated riddle with ex-latives, Kanye said that he should have won the prize video. Touch the sky. Because it cost a million dollars. Pamela Anderson was in, I was jumping across canyons. He said it should be a benefit for putting her in a video. If I don't win the award, sure loses credibility. He said. Kanye believe it? The rapper grabbed the best hip hop award earlier in the night. And the star started event hosted by Justin Tinkerbell in the Danish capital. Tinkerbell won the best pop and best male awards. Oh my god. While the Red Hot Chili peppers won best album. Christina Aguilera was named best female artist at the annual award, sure broadcast live in 17 countries. That is so said. British, sure, a bad muse won the best alternative category and depends mode earned the best group award. Wow guys, this is totally unexpected said, Reanna and she received the best R&B award. And September the 18 year old music star won the 10 category in the music of black origin award in London. Music of black origin. What is it? What that be? Can you believe that? Music of black origin? Why not? What is that? I think I should be. Can you give me some news? Thank you, Mr. Beat. Yes, make sure you're on this mean. There's got the wolf thing. Not her, uh, faint. The show was split between two venues. A convention hall on the city outskirts where Tinkerbell was in charge. And an outdoor stage in Copenhagen's main square where R&B songs to us, call us and produce the artist. To the last snup dog, Australian band Jets and the killers of Denmark had crowds jumping up and down in temperatures just about freezing at the outdoor venue. The Red Hot Chili peppers were nominated in four categories, but one only one for the album, Stany, Markabium. Best song went to the Norles to Reynolds Berkeley for crazy. And it goes on. Who else cares? Stany, I mean, when Justin Tinkerbell and Tinkerbell and Tinkerbell and Tinkerbell and Tinkerbell are winning awards and they said, all we need to know. Can you believe it? What a, oh, here you go. There's a Neil Talks way too much about sports. Yeah, I agree. Okay, let's get that on the right away sports. A bunch of Clarence in this. Just being a sarcastic bastard. Oh, it's from the everlasting coveted church. Uh-huh. What are what they got going on in there? In their closet. And they said, he's not stacked in the church. Was that a different one? I think that's where they all are. Now, all the facts. Now, this one is a broad place, everlasting coveted church. Neil talks way too much about sports and a head writing looks like somebody over the age of 100. This is probably somebody really ancient, real old. Making me feel like a teenager again. That's one thing about, you know, either being in or come, you know, being in contact with South Florida. You always feel so young. You make me feel so young. That should be our theme song. Because even when he gets to be nine, you're like a quitter, a quitter, a quitter, a quitter, aarrcharge, a quitter. We need to never get to deal with that! Here is paycheck to administrative authority. They'll give you additional tax, pay for that more or less. So let's have that on our sports. Got it? You gotta get it. Neil talks too much about I hate this pool 1802, These dumb pulls, watch them. 144 is talking about it again. Horse racing 119 hockey 13, management 79 politician 64 sales hold 62, almost 50 too. almost tough. Like, well how about that great he cream? Yeah. Yours, WWE Social Review. Celebration 26, school day and sports is what The biggest name, so best to answer for time. We will Rogers for Radio 560, you A.M. Why the you bastard? He gave me little babies all the right to Madonna and now he wants to baby. That's it, how was this guy's book in marijuana? Because now he wants to baby. Madonna already changed the kids they know how we end now. Hey, Mom, can baby, I wonder if that actually children's who are all we can't have anymore. To baby back, baby is a daddy in the house. God, he thought it was the result. He was in fact like an open, do like very broke, she wants to get in. He thinks that Madonna is a little boy crook and so many bars. He thought that the deal was coming with an option he wants to get in. He's a bad example definition of adoption for still. He wants to baby back, bro. He's a kid in public. All the kids they're here coming. He has a better life with a material girl. All the Thanksgiving Hillies are keeping them up as well. But he wants his back. But God has better get herself a good attorney. Cause day one to baby. This thing turned out worse than all weekend with Bernie. He wants to get his baby back. All the kids they're here coming. God, he thought it was the result. He's a very, very day money. They care and see. Oh, baby, so have the flag and give it to the city. He's a very, very much. Thanks a ton. She went. That's the guy here from the beginning. That's fine. That's good. But yes. You. That's the best thing. Oh, for Miss Meena. It's a 1032, 20-7 before love. You have to excuse me. But I'm obsessed with this movie. Casey, I've noticed in Georgia's too. All he does is my roommate. Well, I don't know what to say. Both of us are hacking democracy on each field. I love that movie and I have a copy of it. What? Dracula or hack? The original's Dracula. I'd love to have a copy. I've got a copy of both tracking democracy. So tracking, well, I think it bites the whole thing. It's not really pissed off. But anyway, it's not again tonight, by the way. It's on all weekend. Everyone's on the election day. It'll make you puke. I'll make you very angry about these devils. You're having a policy that wrong along. Can't, can't you believe it? I was a dible. I've been saying that for a long time. It's a dible. You know, that DM machines are fixed. Yeah, it should be dible. Yeah, they should die. They should be screaming. I'm dying on the hair. But they're not. So with all these close elections, it makes you really very confident in the process. Don't it? Not. That one toward the end of the flicker, where they individually, they put in eight votes. You know, whether the dible machine can be hacked or not. And six have voted no and two have voted yes. And then the thing comes out, the seven to one, yes. But nevertheless, I just mentioned that in passing. It's on HBO hacking the microcime. Before they let you into the, probably you shouldn't watch it because if you do, you won't want to vote. You're, you're wondering, I see I wonder if I vote three to count or whatever I vote they're going to put in the opposite. 98% of cluster bomb victims are civilians. I don't like that. Yeah, but definitely, definitely. You paid based NGO send to report published yesterday that 98% of Virgilson victims are cluster bombs are civilians. The report fatal footprint was launched in several countries. Have an international conference on conventional weapons starting in Geneva, over 7. I think that if we're going to kill people, they should be lightly killed. Right. Well, first of all, it doesn't matter because they should have attacked Israel. That's right. And second of all, they should have attacked Israel. Among other things, the report sites took case of AdNons family. He wasn't quite seven years old when they happened. I'll just 11.99 shortly after some of the worst of the fighting in coast of all in the Balkans. He went swimming with his family in Lake. A few kilometers from their village. He picked up a yellow metal can on the bank and took it to show his family. AdNons older brother, Gazman, dropped the can. The explosion killed him and his father immediately in a second, rather than ex-day. I've heard of people like Elvis dying on the can, but this is a little over the top. AdNons was wounded on his left arm and like today his left arm is still weak. It's weak. Like El Martino's voice. He remains disturbed and gets bad grades at school. He's want to be 11,044 victims of cluster munitions in 23 countries registered by handicapped international and support. The large majority of victims are boys and young men. Until now, we only had stories of victims. Now we have hard figures that show that these bombs kill many civilians, they be seen. Cluster bombs continue to kill long after their drop. Eluminating this, some of this as directed general Angel of San Monasi, showed a striking figure from Vietnam, unexploded cluster munitions lying among recently repainted patties. The US and Israel have used old stocks in Iraq and Lebanon, which helps to explain why so many sub-unitions have not exploded immediately on impacts to San Monasi. Interract the coalition. I wonder if he's a kind of a paparazzi. Interract the coalition foresight by the US of used 13 million cluster sub-unitions that held a great vancid in of handicapped international Belgium. Assuming that one out of 10 don't explode in impact, there are million bombs lying around. The coalition troops give out very little information. During a recent conflict between Israel and Lesbiraan is your abrupt about 4 million cluster sub-unitions according to handicapped, unexploded bombs now lie all over the place. They're everywhere. What's this that you just asked me? Something worthwhile looking at or not. It says, I know that's uncentral.com doesn't work for you anymore. Now, why would you say that? I've got the story number one. Number two, I've never said it didn't work as if they... Oh, geez. Would you stop? I thought we'd don't appreciate your assistance, but for a sentimental, not only works, but now it does things that it wouldn't do before. Thanks to the fact probably that I'm Firefox. Well, I started to say that yesterday and you interrupted me. Sorry. Since we were so instrumental in hitting a lot of people switch from the evil internet or sport into the zone of Firefox. Remember those wonderful glorious days when we had not inside here? I heard about it from you, but now we're talking too much sports. But anyway, there's a new Mosville at 2.0, is that the one? Yes. And thanks to George, I installed a yesterday morning and boys. It's got a nicer format, not a huge shame. Pretty little smallcier and everything works just fine. And another got my hot meal straight enough. I could say, Josh, 600 stories between Alan and Eazy, without even breaking a sweat. Now, if I say it too many for today, just let me know. I'll be honest. I don't know how I've been looking at for today. Oh, there's a whole lot of them. No comment? Not horrible so far. Oh. Okay. But it's 10.30. 40. I said for today for today. Yesterday, I sent you too many for today because I had that thing that was working again. Yeah, wait too many. Go ahead. You are. You are what you are. Speaking of being what you are, British believe Bush is more dangerous than Kim Jong-il. How do you like that? America is not seems a threat to the world peace. But it's closest neighbors in Alas, according to international survey of Cuba, and, published today, that reveals just how far the countries reputation has fallen, among former supporters since the invasion of Iraq. Which world leader poses the greatest danger to World peace? Van Laughton's got 87% George W. 75% Kim Jong-ils 69%. Our involvement didn't make this pull. Carrie now is U.S. voters, compared to Golden Polls next week, and election dominated by the World Research also shows that British voters see George's greatest danger to World peace and either Kim Jong-il or the Iranian president, Masjul Adha Fadiyunujai. I just like saying that. I like you saying that. Both country, Mahood Osmanin and John. Both countries are once said by the West President's part of an exercise of the evil, but it's Mr. Bush and Al-Alarm's voters and countries with traditionally strong links to the West. He alarms them. How do you like that? He doesn't just scare them. He alarms them as in. Oh my God. The surveys have been carried out by the Guardian in Britain and leading newspapers in Israel, Canada, and Mexico using professional local opinion polling in each country. It exposes high levels of distrust in Britain and 69% of those questions said, A.B. US policies made the world less safe since 2001. Only 7% taking action in Iraq and Afghanistan is a brief global security. The finding is mirrored in America's immediate northern and southern neighbors, Canada and Mexico would 62% of Canadians and 57% of Mexican-Samir world has become more dangerous because of US policy. And believe you may be Canadians hate George Bush like Poison. Even Israel, which is long-luck to America for your anti-national security, support for the US has slipped. Only 1.4 Israeli voters say that Mr. Bush has made the world safer. Al-Wayde by the number who think he's added to the risk of international conflict, 36 to 25% a further 30% but 30% may be that it best he has made no difference. At best. voters in 3 of the 4 countries here made also overwhelmingly rejected a significant invader, with only Israeli voters in favor of that 59 to 34, opinion against the war was hardened strong since the similar survey before the US presidential election in 2004. In Britain 71% of voters now say the invasion was unjustified, a view shared by 89% of Mexicans in 72% of Canadians Canada is a NATO member who troops are in action in Afghanistan and by like crazy. Neither the voters think America is helped to advance democracy in developing countries, one of the justifications for the posing side of Mussen. Only 11% of Britain's in 28% of Israeli state that has happened. Well, the rest of the world is on to him. Now we'll find out Tuesday where Americans are finally on to a business. A little slow on the effect. A little slow on the effect like a Bob and Tom on a bit. Casey Kasim bit. Here I'm talking about what he talked about. I don't know. Talk about sports. That's what we're talking about sports baby. How about those hurricanes that lose to Virginia Tech tomorrow? That would be really bad. And then Larry Cocates is going to get fired that old suit. And then the dolphins man, I'm going to get pounded by the bears on Sunday. I'm saying like about 185 and nothing. And then the same in America come to a real fast conclusion. The biggest thing. So best. How about that. Is it your Rogers force radio 560? I started that happy. Good on. This is Joe Boen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and here listening to the hockey authority Neil God. The last one is all in sight. You are head of the city. And then you head to me. The answer is easy if you take it like it. I'd like to help you in your struggle to be free. There must be 50 ways to leave your lover. You just live out the back to check. Make new plans and you don't need a vehicle. Lori, just listen to me. How fun is this? You don't need to discuss this work. Just go out for a few. Three. And you get yourself three. So what's he been hockey these days? 1046 and 560 WQA and happy pride of the member third. Happy birthday to me on Sunday. God of my getting older or what? No one's here. What did you have when you were old-fashioned? Some like that. Yeah. That's true. These are BSL shuts down powered radio station operating from sunrise home. We hate powered radio stations. The other person who is they're interfering with Christian radio stations like this one was. The BSL on Thursday said they shut down a private radio station operating out of a home in sunrise. Here's what Mike Jackals, BSL spokesman said happened after the text was verified by Christian radio station 96.9 that a powered radio station was interfering with the slices broadcast signal. Must have been an active God. Engineers in the Loderedale Lakes radio station tracked the signal to 23.01 north west 60th Avenue in sunrise and BSL detectives recorded some of the bootleg transmissions. The detectives also said they saw a radio antenna tends to a palm tree in the front yard with a black cable running into the home. A man in the house, CFO beans 41 of Loderedale Lakes, CFO, SITHO, wow. We're seeing looking out of a window or a question, he said it can send form and Loderedale Bay is so detected to one of the house and sees his radio equipment. Barnes was charged with one kind of a authorized transmission slash interference with a public radio station a third-degree felony taken to BSL's main jail where he posted a thousand dollar bond. This is a power radio crash man and people, they always pretended to understand it. Well I don't get it, I don't get it. Everyone is doing everything. To try to provide some entertainment for our radio. A patient community or a Christian community or whatever it is, okay? Well go on and get yourself a real license, okay? And stop splattering around all of the town unless of course you're interfering with Christian stations which we like that a lot. 955 Ocent of full will have a thousand before you can say Josh is an idiot. What's taken a sands? Why is it that there's so many of these now just coming to the floor? I've heard of these in floating around for a long time. That's because of that election. It just must be a coincidence when you think? A Republican Congressman accused of abusing his ex-mistress agreed to pay her about 500 grand in the settlement last year the contained a powerful incentive for here to keep quiet until after election day a person permitted with the terms that the deal told A and P. Representative, don't sure what is locked in the entire election race against an democratic opponent who was seized on the Fortrum congressman's relationship with a woman. While sure what ignoves the woman was his mistress, he did not abusing her and said that he had settled her five and half million dollar lawsuit on confidential terms. The settlement reached a November of last year called for a Symphony Order we paid in installments. According to a person's book on commissioning man and the committee because the deal is confidential and they've valued their life. She has received less than half the money so far and won't get the rest until after the November of celebration the person said yesterday. A confidentiality clause requires order for a fit, some of the money if she talks publicly about the case. According to this person, two other people familiar with the elements of the case. It is common for settlements for payments to be in installments and for the parties to be held confidentiality. True what it meant no wrong doing a standard provision such agreements this person said. Sure what 65 is a married father of three who is considered a family-vaguess conservative and had one of the safest seats in Congress till or suit him in June last year alleging he physically abuters throughout their five year affair. Reach by telephone ones, they have a congressman and successful card dealer said, I can neither confirm nor deny this because it was a private settlement. If I'd like to talk about it, but I can't. Right. The AP has been trying for months to find out the terms of the settlement, but everybody's mom. You'd like to talk about it, but he can't. Anybody buy that? No, no. Democrats have at least slim leads and races for six of the seven most vulnerable Republican Senan seats giving them a shot at winning control of the Senate on Tuesday. Currently, latest rotors, I'd be pulls released yesterday. Of course, what they get those debault machines going? What's the reprogramm? Who'd hell knows what kind of crap is going to happen? And then, of course, like you said before the show today, watching John Kerry's spineless performance in that movie. It just reinforces like what we saw about Al Gore in 2000. Same old crap. Obviously, somebody made both of them an offer they couldn't refuse. Absolutely. I mean, that's a movie. With Democrats needing to gain six Republicans seats for a Senate majority, extremely tight contest in Missouri, Virginia, Montana, could determine the balance of power. Democrats, like Republican and Comments in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Missouri, Montana, Virginia, and Rhode Island. But only the Rhode Island Pennsylvania races were outside the polls margin of error, plus or minus, minus, four percentage points. In Virginia, Montana, Democratic founders had slim one-point leads and Republican incumbents, offering 20 opportunities for momentum, the swings, and lead changes in the final days. Bad news, Republican Bob Korker, open up a 10-point lead, a Democratic representative Harold Ford and the race in Tennessee for the open seat, being vacated by that Nazi, bills fist. Democrats lead in their two most vulnerable states, Maryland and New Jersey, Democratic Senator Bob Manans is open up a tough pod lead in New Jersey, and Connecticut Senator Julie, where men running his own independent, has a 10-point lead on Democrat Ned Lamad and a high profile race with no bearing on Senate control. To gain this Senate majority, Democrats must hold their own seats in when six of the seven at risk Republican seats, including knocking off at least five Republican incumbents, the new poll shows that is a viable possibility, poll's through John Zagby said. The Democrats have a real shot of it at the Senate now and six weeks ago ago, you probably couldn't not have said that, but now it's still a jump-off and there's been volatility both ways. It's a jump-off, I wonder if it's going to win it. You think? Don't forget, we got opening tip with Bimbou calls at seven and heat-we wind after the game with Bimbou calls, or some other Bimbou. Well, this radio station, you're right. I hate to agree with you too much, but it's like an illness, it's like a disease. It's a sickness. It's like we don't have the dolphin games anymore, thank God, because we want to have a 115 team, and we want to spend millions dollars in Luther West, and never, where we're losing on a marlins. But we got the real pregame show and the real postgame show and the real deal, okay, for some real shlameel. Which quite frankly, who gives a crap about the dolphins anyway at this point? Only a crazy person, wouldn't you say? I would say, off to the earlier mind. 9609 votes, nine people say I talked to much about food and six to much about sports. So, stop at that dolphin crap, okay, and the panthers. If there were 5,000 people at that game against the least last night, that was a lot. If there were 5,000 people there, that was a lot. I mean, what? How is that franchise going to survive? Nobody goes to those games, there is no interest. You can't complain about the offense of the port there, because it doesn't exist. See, there it goes with sports again, okay, you know. HBO fired back a deep old election system since defending its documentary hacking democracy from accusations of shoty filmmaking. What would you expect them to say? In a letter to deep old president David Burrard, HBO contains the accusations of factual errors and unfairness are unwarranted. You asserted in your letter that the documentary contains significant factual errors, however, based on several of the property examples you've said it, you don't appear to review the film which will premiere on HBO November 2. HBO attorney Peter Rannick, a wrote in a later David Wednesday. HBO stands by the accuracy and furnaces of documentary, of course, they've after viewing the film on HBO 30 the night like last night. You continue to have concerns, we'd be happy to discuss them with you at that time. In particular, HBO writes that the film doesn't make any assertions that problems with the people, machines caused widespread errors in the 2000 election, deep older than the electronic voting business in 2002, and the company claimed that the firm made it appear that the company was an electronic voting machine business before that. HBO and the hacking democracy filmmakers also content that they tried repeatedly to contact deep older interviews about his race in the film. A call to deep old on 30 the night was not returned. The old spokesman David Burrard said that in the interview Tuesday that the company was never contacted by the filmmakers when they were making the documentary, Sarah Teal, the film's executive producer said at one point that they were so frustrated when deep old's unresponsiveness, they had somebody called the company every day. We contacted them constantly, she said, we went back to the old God knows how many times. While people were executives at the minute they hadn't seen hacking the democracy, the company asked HBO to pull the film from its schedule, or air company disclaimers questioning its accuracy. Right. Deep old said promotional materials provide HBO's website prompted the company's big quest which HBO denied. They said the Imamah, Hubby, and Dred. The co-called completely ridiculous accusations by Deep old that the film is directed by directors of another documentary, Voter Gate that was produced with special thanks to Susan Surrandon and the Stricean Foundation. Let's throw some crap apart with Stricean, okay, that's why we cross-eyed bitch. And we'll teach her to throw up in a joint, right? So crap, that's a crap. This like somebody in Minnesota through a, one of those plastic beer bottles that, in the end zone, after the paper scored her last touchdown on the night, and Tom Brady was mouth and off of the guy. I know, I like that. And we need more for it. At a boy Tom, go up there and kick his ass. 980 votes on the pool. We don't want to talk about these dumb polls too much because, you know, well, see this is what happens when you open yourself up like this. Which is fine. It was my choice. After your lunch ticket or gratuitous shot, they enjoy that. Right? Yeah. Like sticking to your chin out and saying, hey, punch me right here. Right. And then, go, knock that. Oh, surprise. But it goes to sure what I started to say is that no matter what we talk about it, oh, well, we don't like that. We don't want to hear about it. Oh, we don't like this pool today. Oh, you're talking crap, you know. Okay, that's just the way this. How do we do it? Air-free, single day coming to have to, have to please these very, very picky, very different. Like, what are you going to do for us today? The people are so best in the business. But even for the first day, you're not ready to go 560s. You can't even. This is the Neil Rogers, who wants to go, go, go, go, go, go. What if she's going to go, go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go, go, go. Any questions? No. Oh, the right. MAH! Yes! Yes! You jacked up. You jerked up. You jerked up. You jerked. You jerked up. You radio- United master room You немong shadow You sanctions always Gold You irrational You possessu think with precision You that suspicious You blindly难 I'm going to go one step down, I'm going to go one step down, I'm going to go one step down, and I'm going to go one step down, I'm going to go one step down, I'm going to go one step down, and I'm going to go one step down, I'm going to go one step down, I'm going to go one step down, and I'm going to go one step down, I'm going to go one step down, I'm going to go one step down, where are the two sides? all the key steps up well I know I didn't say anything, but it's a very much different step than the other, all the steps up well, we're going to go one step down, I'm going to go one step down, I'm going to go one step down, and I'm going to go one, you're going to go one step down, I'm going to go one step down, oh, people are not looking for them, and the other side are still east, and the other side are pushing up, I'm going to slowly go and have your meal. we're going to go one step on, I'm going to go one step down, I'm going to go term the歷ón, so I'm going to go another step down, I'm going to go one step down, I'm going to go one step down, I'm happy. Yes! I'm a little bit tired. And you think it's a fair adventure. Yeah! You're my favorite rock, I'm a sweet man, my father. You're my favorite rock, I'm sweet man. I'm a little bit tired, my sweet father. Take my day. I sing to you in the night. I walkthrough, I know I do not love you. My dad loves you, how he behaves about something you never really am, absolutely why? Or because that's an amazing travel. Why you and your husband are my family. Why you have so proud to hurt my parents. TIYA It's over, no five to five, 60W crew, but of course all the Democrats are saying, oh well, even if we win control of both houses, we certainly don't want to seek impeachment of the president, we're toast to you. We need new party, man. How about Leslie Gorg, it's her party. Here's a fact this is I was watching my me incontiels, see, which is a show about a tattoo shop on Washington Avenue, when they showed a tattoo of a new woman. They blurted out so you couldn't see it, you couldn't see the movies. What has happened to this country that you can't even show a drawing of a woman's breasts, a drawing, not real movies, but just a drawing. Is that incredible or what? It's very credible. What is funny about most of these shows that are said in Miami like his new Dexter on Showtime, CSM-I, which is the most watched TV show in the world, a nippentuck, which is the most watched show on cable, is that most of them, they don't even bother to film in Miami, you can tell by looking at these spindly southern California palm trees. The Scrawney Skinny, Southern California palm trees. Also the fact is lately you've seen to a jump on the Barack Obama bandwagon, do you really think that a guy who admitted in the US is 1995 of having played around with marijuana booze and maybe a little blow has a shot of all in this country? Yes, I do. I still think fine gold is the most honest of them. All of them, he did better than Obama when you last took a poll. Yeah, what we need is a Jewish candidate for the Democrats, another death wish. How about a ticket of a rest fine gold and two-leaver man? How would that be? That's how he would. He would be the leader of the US. I think Barack Obama is the man, call me crazy, but that's just the more important thing about it. He's the man. He's a great speaker, he's our articulate, he's, you know, never stole a freight train that we know how many times he's young guy. We need somebody living in breathing. Not another dodgering old fart, okay? Like Chris Dodd from Connecticut. That's a situation that's sitting there. I like Chris Dodd, I'm going to say you still, he's all over the place. He's not one of those guys, you know. Whoever is bringing the bag of money today, these are the guys, that's where they are. You know what he's talking about? US Web Archive said to reveal a nuclear primer, I'm sure everybody has seen this story. Another classic example, a great job of administration is doing force security. Keep everybody safe. How about a protective? I got a protective. Last March, the federal government set up a website to make public a vast archive of Iraqi documents captured during the war. The Bush administration did cylinder pressure from congressional Republicans who would said they hoped to leverage the internet to find the evidence of the pre-war dangers posed by Sanam Hussein. But in recent weeks, the site has posted some documents that weapons efforts say are a danger to themselves. Detailed accounts have relaxed secret nuclear research before the 1991 Persian Gulf War. The documents, the experts, say, constitute a basic guide to building an atom bomb. All right. Last night, the government shut down the website at the New York Times asked about complaints from weapons experts and arms control officials. A spokesman for the Director of National Intelligence at ISIS to the site had been suspended, pending a review to ensure its content is appropriate for public viewing. Officials of the IAEA fearing that the information that else states like Iran developed nuclear arms had privately protested last week to the American ambassador to the agency according to European diplomats who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the issue sensitivity and their valued their lives. One diplomat said the agencies take their last words were shocked at the public discolors, how they liked that shocked. Early this morning, a spokesman for Gregory L. Schulti, the American ambassador denied that anyone from the agency had approached me to show the above-step. The documents were roughly a dozen and number contained charged diagrams, equates and lighting narratives, about bomb building that nuclear experts who have viewed them say go beyond what's available elsewhere on the internet and in other public forums. For instance, the papers give detailed information on how to build nuclear firing circuits and trigger your sources, as well as the radioactive cores of atomic bombs. For the U.S. to toss a match into this flammable area is very irresponsible, said a Brian Sebert, former Director of Classification at the Federal Department of Energy, which runs the nation's nuclear arms program, a lot of things about nuclear weapons that our secret and should remain so. The government received earlier warnings about the contents of the website last spring after the site began posting older Iraqi documents about chemical weapons. UN arms control officials in New York wondered what's wrong with report that came information how to make tablom and serenervate instead filled by causing respiratory failure. It campaigned for the online archive was mounted by conservative publications and politicians who said that the nation's spy agencies had failed adequately to analyze the 48,000 boxes of documents seized since the March 2000s reinvasion. With the public increasingly skeptical about the rationale in conduct of the war, the Chairman of the House and Senate Intelligence Committee argued that wide analysis and translation of the documents, most of them in Arabic would reinvigorate the search for clues that Saddam was saying had resumed his unconventional arms program programs in the years before the invasion, American search teams never found any such evidence. The Director of National Intelligence, the butcher of the Honduras, John Agrapani, had resisted setting up the website, which some intelligence officials felt implicitly raised questions about the competence and judgment of government analysts. But President Bush approved the site's creation after congressional Republicans for post legislation to force the documents release. In his statement last night, Mr. Nagropati Schrochman, Chan Colton, said, while strict criteria had already been established to give him posted documents, the material currently on a website as well as the procedures used to post-documents will certainly be carefully reviewed after the site becomes available again. How do you like that? Do you want to make a bomb? Okay, here you go. Here's a diaphragm. 116 votes on a full. We got our job. We got it looked. It's an incredible or what, huh? It's incredible. We'll just say about it. By the way, if Norma can't ever calls me from another sporting event, just leave me alone. I was watching Hacken Democracy in the Fulm rings in the middle of the very accompanying documentary. And here's Norma at the hockey game, you know. There's obviously got some tweaky there with him. He's got a one press on calling me a Rogers now. My number one client. I always the same crap, you know. Tell me how can we about how we had a meeting with Joe Bell, which ain't nothing about it. To extend the contract for about another 50 years, you know. I'm going to work to like Croke, I think, is that he like those checks coming in. Who does the new deal? The new deal? Oh, of course. It's quite a what he's saying is I would like only work like on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, you would do Tuesday and Thursday. And then of course, in the summertime, the same old crap where you do Monday, Wednesday and switch it up. It kind of like switched it back and forth. Of course, at no increase in pay to you, I'm sure. Of course. I don't know. I'm just kidding about that. I don't know. You think that he would go to bed for you being a close personal friends that you guys are, my body. And I'm sure he don't want nothing from you. Yeah, it does. I'm just going to impress him. He's, hey, maybe you want some of that. That's what he might want for me. Works something out. A thousand 18 votes, Neil talks too much about. I hate this pool to 0.24%. They hate it. These dumb tools he talks too much about the polls. I'm going to be 66. Well, let's read the result of the poll to those people off. Of course, racing 130, greeners cup tomorrow with a hump or talkie 122. How about those least missed a bus last night? They said, if you join out. Management 86, politics 78, sales will 67, almost 64, George W. Bush 50. And then it's way on down after those. Religion 26. We can not religion all the time. Just rip those getchies. Food 12 and sports nine. How you like that? Yeah, people say talk too much about sports. Maybe we'll take a full one day for clearance. Maybe Neil ought to talk more about sports. The figure is also best to tell us if this is for you to run track on a 4-year-old 560, you A. Damn. I'm so pissed. Racing a bush has been feeling a bit of a chill recently from Conservatives in his own party. But today he's going to speak out in support of a hot button issue that will please his face. It's a fan on gay marriage. Where is the help when we need it from Mars? Bush is down the polls. The public are down the page. They need something. A rack is a mess. And health public is lost. So we start eroding the foundation. There is only a friend's song. The county gas prices are here. The day the county lights on. The house gone away. The police don't tell me that of all. This is another way to screw the national divisive one. How the distance trying to hit a new law. To take people who are tensioning away from the relations. The president has one issue he knows. Is there a highway on why we'd actually be successful in this event? Tell me now which is the online. If case one loves a comic yet. The town. That only is that same old song. Because it's not about getting involved. The town of Florida goes down. Take the same tone to get the prison sound out. And take the same tone to get the prison sound out. And take the same tone to get the prison sound out. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. The police can get excited about it. the police can get excited about it. The police isn't saying the police is worrying about The police is not still safe. The police can't afford it yet. The police could not afford it. The police can't afford it. I know our police have agreed with the police. The police won't afford it. The police would get excited about it. The police may get excited about it. his calling was found three blocks from his house during a Maryland Manson concert as stands littered lighters and traditional concerts should be a teenager from peddleman Hall of Foyne saw he'd one-off the audience justice is transens over and let one real committed this old and so fast and this is a buttercar however most of the crowd thought the explosion was part of the light to change suffrage to dear burns over his state and neck requiring people grasp of pigs in which caused untoward grief for his orthodox viewers and sure fart candy funny especially at school or during a wedding but they can also be deadly this message is brought to you by now mothers against lighting parts remember friends don't let friends light parts that's what I'm sure I wonder if there's such a thing I never really thought about that until love this bit you think that if you eat kosher that you must fart kosher right sure that's an excellent question what is the kosher for its smell like oh I'm happy good what you know what I'll follow Gary Sunder around all day that's a good idea go go find out go stick your nose right close to his rectum ass I used that with that trombone again you trumpet that's bad 159 votes on a pool I think we'll have our 1100 by noon I don't know what it would have had means anybody care about how many vote or you talk about the pool too much these dumb pulls too much discussion about the polls that's so winning so far around could you have enough else although 12 people say too much food talk and 11 states too much sports talk let's talk about sports not the middle east is a buzz with ugly rumors and ugly people to his matter fact one of them is so dire and comes from sources in so many capital cities that it has to be taken seriously the suggestion is that the Israeli government served notice on the White House that it must take preemptive action against the Iran's size of nuclear weapons development or that Israel will go alone and do the job itself Israel apparently is given bushy deadline of six months the first run the Americans if it is true comes with the appointment of obligatory labormen one of the hardest of all hardliners is this is is feels new deputy prime minister and minister for strategic affairs of the new coalition with this party is real bet be a bet they can do one reason why the rumors being taken seriously is that a coincides with another strong rumor that the Iranian regime of mafled off my knee to draw the so did Iran's nuclear program to be accelerated according to sources the enrichment of uranium to weapons grid material is galloping ahead and rank in a zone to employable nuclear warheads within four years given off the indigenous water rhetoric about wiping Israel off the map though the translation of these remarks is now announced to be somewhat fuzzy is real's hostile you there was no time to lose former prime minister and liqudley their bench of a net in yahu be that in yahu a certified crazy person for whom luberman was worked as chief of staff has argued strained he was leave for a preemptive strike on Iran lebroman war hockeyston many other hox was born in moldova nineteen fifty and that leads to powerful group of his real immigrants from marsher and the former Soviet union he criticized aerial shiron how is he doing by the way are all how they do what later have another a homontosh naryl still i mean long way since the past of or since the forum he criticized aerial shiron when during negotiations with the Palestinians he ordered some settlements to close he outrage moderatutions where he opinion this summer when he suggested that arab is really selected to the knesset is really paramount to be executed if they held talks with the homostomembers of the Palestinian authority even the or times no for its strong Israel support war in net attour al-Wigio that lebroman was the wrong party in his really call of the wrong partner and is really coalition is inclusion paper argued may any arrangement with a Palestinian's difficult of not impossible creating new obstacles to peaceful the Palestinian is the last thing is we'll need after the fiasco and lesbian on strategic analyst of notice anti-irand noises coming from a beliegared white house to it's the same sort of language we heard in the wrong to the invasion of Iraq long-awashman side of said a lot of course by the favor by the bush blur of circle said it's clear that bush will not be believing office on the suspicion and he'll outer and again nuclear weapons on his watch he will act and will feel unimhibited after the midterm elections the practicalities of bombing around nuclear installations are quite another thing corner service analyst is relax the capability of hit in one blow all the places where weapon res been developed planes would need mid air refueling that only the Americans could provide and some centers of nuclear energy production are heavily populated including terraended self civic and casualties would be high i i i i i there's even more compelling reason i re-list like animal john abazade u s commander for the region informa secretary state james baker are counseling the hawks in Israel as well as watching the cullet cullet you may be actually hard vison you learn to take school at all ready for christ six was they say florida for a game christ sick i think he's gonna win charlie christ yet thousand sixty i go sent a full but i can't get with the result i give it like you know couple times later on too much you talk about on total result it's kind of late to that other option or what's that the gate on almost of only sixty seven and not enough uh almost of game and asked for a could find with earth in 2022 a service mernock researcher at the polka boespace and the directori statement said at the press conference in masco yesterday uh on April 13th 2022 nine the asteroid apophys nine ninety nine forty two that sounds like as like an alcassel sir apophys doesn't it malcassel sir well be at its closest distance to the earth for two hundred years mernock said oh look at that how about putting your alcassel sir in some of us mernock i'm actually the roosty with that i'll try about it john i don't know as your girlfriend a life is he a vodka drinker or what yeah a little bit uh figure the asteroid will pass the earth at a distance of thirty to forty thousand kilometers of eighteen to a twenty four thousand miles this crosses the geostationary orbit where all the telecommunications is not a military satellites are he said let's eat twenty twenty nine it's twenty three years ahead i would be eighty seven i don't think i'll be here whatever happens you're fully effective the asteroid in the worst case it will collide with the earth and it best it will damage equipment in the space at the geostationary orbit that he liked that so twenty twenty nine market down in your calendar's audio yung pung sosh charge surgery did by men to hope thousand sixty nine votes on the pool again i just mentioned that over the US trip play soccer with that can kids in jallolabad and this time they didn't shoot anybody that's good excellent choice two federal agencies are investigating whether the bush administration tried to block government scientists from speaking freely about global warming and since the research senator frayla bird never heard new jersey said he was informed the inspector general for the commerce department in asa cowboy had begun coordinated sweeping investigation of the bush administration censorship and suppression of federal research into global warming these investigations are critical because the republicans and congress have ignored the serious problem law and verse it he said the investigations will uncover internal documents and agency correspondence that may expose widespread misconduct he had a thanksberg don't have a don't fund scientific research so the bush white house can alter it messages left one's dear to the office is the inspector general with service the agencies and turtle watch dogs were not returned christian however a spokesman for the one has counsel for economic quality environmental probably said one's denied the administration's importantly scientific process and its approaches saying climate change right anybody by anybody believe that okay just checking all new dams to the city and you don't understand america votes in of course let's make sure those illegal aliens don't vote right those illegal aliens right i wonder how a alien's doing probably pretty healthy is missing those happy meals all the time and if you can just keep the avalas hands off his private cibi okay hmm why did say sounds like i don't know kind of grizzly to me just i don't yes sick sick sick disgusting uh huh what's your people macward barbaric those are my people the hell they're not what do you mean they're not your people otherwise now you're picking and choosing they would be like say you leave or minis one of my people you know i would take that very yeah yeah i think that so that's not i don't believe we're being put on the internet all the time oh i'm a jad is in my people all those middle easterners your people the raghead the camel jadis i don't wear no ragdoll i do have a took hey you you prefer the took i prefer the took i was in 75 votes neotalks too much about i hate this pool 220-20-24 percent they hated i don't know what's not to like i like it he talked too much about these dumb pulls money too like he's doing right now see we told you horse racing 137 which i never talked about three years cup tomorrow talking once 24 which i is usually a boy talking about management 89 politics 82 sales holes 68 almost of 68 about homo sales holes church ww 51 religion 29 food 13 and sports 12 thank god didn't get started on a food jack today thank you all for that so best tell us to the basis wheel rotters for video 560 m why do you trust you you feel depressed are you sick of the Miami Dalton's uh do you want something a little exciting for a change oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh no going your my show you all for you. It's a statement. Check out the movie. Hold the chance. Is there a right baby? Uh-huh. What's wrong with the little gangster ball anyway, right? Boy, they're going to get their ass kicked in the orange bulldozer. Marbley Virginia Tech. It's going to be bad tomorrow. And then the dolphins on Sunday. Man, people on Monday morning, well, I'll be running around. Oh, we're cursed here. We're cursed. Aren't you cursed? I'm cursed. Investigations led by Republican lawyer named Stewart W. Bowen, Jr. In the rack of Senate American Occupation officials to jail on Bribbery and conspiracy charges exposed his exascerously poor construction work by welcome into companies like Haliburton and Parsons and discovered that the military did not properly track hundreds of thousands of weapons, it shipped to Iraqi security forces. And tucked away in a huge military authorization bill at President Bush Line two weeks ago is what some of Mr. Bowen supporters believe his is reward for repeatedly embarrassing him in a station a pink slip. Bye-bye. The order comes in the form of an obscure provision that terminates his federal oversight agency. The office of the Special Inspector General for a rack reconstruction on October 1st, 2007. The clause was inserted by the Republican side of a House Armed Services Committee over the objections of Democratic counterparts during close to a conference. And as generated surprised in some outrage among lawmakers who say they had no idea it was in the final legislation. How would he send a Joe Bowen or Jimmy Bowen? And were Jimmy Bowen? It would be through crap out of him and he was never the same again. I'm sticking with you, man. Stick in you just like glue. You got that? I'm sticking with you by Jimmy Bowen probably not. I've looked for it. You got it. Mr. Bowen's office which began operation in January 2004 to examine reconstruction money spent in Iraq was always envisioned as a temporary organization permitted to continue his work only as long as Congress off it. Some advocates for the office in fact have regarded it as lack of a permanent bureaucracy as the key to its aggressiveness and independence. But the implication of the provision in the new bill have become clear opposition have been building on both sides of the political aisle. One point of contention is exactly when the office would eventually want its course without a hard end date. The bipartisan opposition you don't have that do you? No I don't. Jimmy Bowen? I'm getting it though. The bipartisan opposition may be not being unexpected. The Mr. Bowen's Republican credentials he had served under George W. Bush both in Texas and the White House. And the public's, the emphasis is among the Bush administration's contact to the war. Susan Collins that whining mean Republican who followed the bill closely is chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs said he still doesn't know how the provision made its way to what is called the conference report which reconcils differences between house and senators of the bill. No Jimmy Bowen and I'm sticking with you. I'm not hearing it. No, the hearing is from the crowd. That's the OW. Yeah. How do I also would you spell it? The OW I. You know how people can find like a fiddler. I'm bowling it. Yes. I'm bowling it. I'm waiting. I don't hear it. You're not going to throw it. Why not? Because I don't have it. Hey listen anybody that could find shoe fly. I'm shoe fly pineapple paned out by Donna Shaw from 1806. Sure is helping find on stickin with you by Jimmy Bowen. I'm mid leave his match. I think you have one or two other. Oh honeycomb. I bet you got honeycomb. Huh? See I picked her wrong. You got honeycomb. I bet you've got a tough fly find it. You got honeycomb by Jimmy. Jimmy. I told you. What in team? Okay. It's an accord with a neocon network in study. Republicans outnumber Democrats online and more respondents consider themselves moderate as opposed to liberal or conservative. The internet media and market research firm reveal that 36.6% of US adults online are Republicans. 30.8% are Democrats in 17.3% independence and a press release issue earlier this week. And that kind of shocking you. Yeah. Well, pressing shocking all these only above. All of these things. A neocon network and at ratings aimless sites. Two reasons for the Republican-Aid drawn line. The fact that the online population is more heavily composed of Republicans than Democrats is principally. A function of the Republican party's higher composition within the overall electorate. Analysts can't cast their states in the press release. This is exacerbated by the fact that online penetration continues to be deeper among affluent households, which have historically skewed Republican, which is why we're all skewed. Rush Limbaugh.com draws the biggest GOP crowd with 84.8% Republican audience while newsmax.com and Bill O'Reilly.com followed by audience measuring 65.4% Republican. Rounding off the top five Republicans sites are the missing judge report and Salt Lake Caribbean with 59.57.9 composition percent respectively. The top three Democratic heavy sites may come as a surprise. Black America Web.com, A-U-L Black voices and B-E-T.D. Com, the audience says that we're 79.9, 64.8 and 56% Democratic respectively. So, on dot com and village voice with 55.3 and 55.2, also American the Democratic top five. So, on dot com and village voice, you know, I haven't been checking those voice lately for some reason. Oh, there's our fuck world. Oh, what I'm messy is he's got the kidney failure. When we respond this last about their political leaning lead, largest segment 36.1% identified themselves as moderate, the second largest segment, 32.5% identified themselves as conservative or very conservative while 19.8% of respondents identified themselves as liberal or very liberal as in five. Liberal. Fox on live or I'm sorry for online newspapers that results were not on unexpected. Republican we just came to the Wall Street Journal while Democrats flock to the New York Times. Wall Street Journal dot com is predominantly Republican we just at 40.2% and Democrats make up 52.3% of the leadership at New York Times dot com. I like that. How come we weren't mentioned there? New Yorkers dot com. If ever the term small potatoes was appropriate, this is the time. So, in 1996, I wish you would have clicked that again. We went have 1100 or not. As the case might be, I clicked it again and what we got. 1099, or you thought you said 99 yet? Huh? So, I wonder if Norm is working on a big raise for you once we get that new schedule for my next 28 years. Well, something to think about, okay, you got to take care of everybody. Of course, Josh, my god. Josh, for gosh. You're gonna free lunch every day. How's that? Yeah, get in my free lunch every now. What are you guys eating today? No, I'm sorry. Like I said, I'm on here about 20. Well, foods in last place is only up 13. Well, so I talked to much about food. We don't like food. A nice salad. We don't like food. I like that. And we don't want to hear about because we don't like food. Yeah. I hope you're starved at it. I hope you're going to care and carpet or die. I hope you're a few to your guts out. Nand stop 13 people voted. I talked to much about food. He should live so long. Yamama. Uh-oh. Oh, I'm just stories in correct. He's not going back. The apple grab, but he's not going back. So I just threw it away. See, that this is just amazing with this tremendous staff that I've got with these just astonishing to me. Yeah. I'm able to keep on top of all this different stuff. That nobody really cares about all that much. They just want to hear the sound of my voice. Then it's all. Get that expensive investigative research department. Oh, yeah. Our big research team here at QAM. Uh-huh. What a joke. Whatever happened to that news wire that current's was getting for us on a year. Do you remember those lines? Uh-huh. Both of my sees. Oh, yeah. We were getting a news wire. This was told to me about the order 100 years ago. I'm wired. They decided, what the hell do we need a news for? We got a sports wire. What do we need a news wire? That's all the news you need. And it's all I need to know is what's going on with sports. We got 1102 now. That's good. That even knew it. We got 1102. Is there any significance that? Absolutely not. But we like it. A Washington watchdog is looking into connections between federal funding and organizations that aimed at discourage abortions. By giving women misleading advice. Citizens for responsibility and ethics in Washington crew is going to court to force the West government to disclose its funding policy for impregnancy resource centers. Back by the White House and religious groups, pregnancy resource centers are local organizations that purportive a five-room of family planning advice. Evidence is emerged that some of the centers have been giving false and misleading information about the health of our civil abortions. The White House and the US Department of Health and Human Services HHS fund many of these centers. Proof of the complaint with the Washington DC federal district court last week after HHS failed to respond to the law enforcement information act request for a range of government documents on the Centers. Group 6 disclosure the criteria for funding centers and information efforts to separate religion from other activity and communications by the HHS concerning the accuracy of the advice that the Senate provided. All these idiotic get views out there. Oh, well, we're just starting to discover that just maybe they're using us, you know, maybe your abortion is crowded, just using us so that people in these fixed elections. Yeah, little slow on the uptake. And then, of course, we found out that all these, you know, whole bunch of these guys. First it was a Jimmy Swagger and there was Jimmy Baker and then we had all this other craft and now we end in Paul's Crotch. There's a lot of mysterious craft going on in Paul's Crotch. The biggest name of the best talent to the business of your rotors for 25 years. This is at a Homeland Security Domory Edge inviting you to put duct tape on your radio. I raise the warning color to think for the Neil Rogers 121 hour. Oh, right. Oh, 2000 for sure sucks. Next year we'll have more love. I can see it now. I bet they'll cure that count. It's fine even five to two or four that time like one more. When you feel you're a stupid, just that cash will love you free. You and Bruce control taxes. Yep, this will still go down. And rather we'll not use taxes. O summa will be found. I know it will be peace throughout the Middle East. All this will graduate and create a real peace. So straight, please let it be great here. I sure hated this year. Don't need four stars, directions. And no more flu infection. TV will be cleaner. And star jumps will be cleaner. Let's all look up. The bright light is 2,000. 2,000. That's right. Look on the freaking bright side. Even if it looks like the end of the world is coming. Which maybe this is probably one at five 60 WQA. I'm happy Friday to you all brother. The Broward Sheriff's Office has said his materials team has re-opened West Bond open Park Boa Barne and South Bond 441. The roads were closed earlier this morning. Goodly strong spell against the lane from several manholes in the area. And George was on his way out of the door. He was a wonderful bit of an insistent manhole. The SO Fire Rescue said it obtained reading showing that the chemical levels have dropped. The SO was investigating whether the smell was related to nearby shell gas stations. The Gert of the Sheriff's Office. The gas station was also shut down for a time. A sunrise has met team also went to the scene. But everything's not a control of those that backed over against. The birds are flying. People are farting up a storm and everybody's got a big smile on the course. Right? And we got 119 votes on the pool. What's not to lie? Nothing. It's Friday. We got the free food here from Tony. The rain is coming. The rain is coming. The rain is coming. The rain is coming. The rain is coming. The rain is coming. The rain is coming. The rain is coming. You'll see. Is he getting a little pudgy now? Oh, you'll see. Isn't that key? Looks like a bull frog. Looks like the beast, huh? But yet. The milk night drive. The rich are getting much richer and much faster than everyone else. Oh, no. Over the past quarter, essentially, in the last 10 years, America's very rich have grown much richer and no one else heard as well. In 2004, the richest 1% of households, 719,910 with an average annual income of 3,826,720, had a 19.8% of the entire nation's pretext income. Almost 20% of the whole country's income. That's up from 17.8% of your earlier. A quarter of a study by the University of California Berkeley economist Emmanuel Sais. Stop it. Think about that. In 2004, the richest 1% of the households had almost 20% of the entire nation's income. The study, titled The Evolution of Topping, comes also found that the richest 1,101% of the whole country's income is about 1,825,929,000 households in 2004, reported in a chemical to 9.5% of all national pretext income. 1,101%, much of greedy bastards. Why do they throw a few million George's and Josh's way for Christ's sex? And some of you poor slippers out there that are working your asses off to try to get tunicles through up together? Right? Absolutely. However, maybe an ormid point family in 101.6% between 2001 and 4, when the federal reserve, median family real men worth the family's gross assets minus liability's underlined the gross part, or is only one and a half percent during those four years. I'm doing very well, by the way. Okay. Faster. And despite a George going on here and saying, I'm losing all my money, would buy anything wrong with you, man. I didn't say that you were losing all your money. Would buy anything you would buy anything you would buy. I said you would. I do. Why is that? Why should I lose all my money? Why should you want me to lose? Huh? Because you shouldn't die with all this money in the bank. You should spend it. Have a good time with you. I don't want you to leave the money. Anybody, people you don't like. I don't want you to leave the money to anyone. Period. I'll see. I'm going to go on spending now. You should enjoy it while you have it. Why should I rest in the deal? In that case, so that you have more money to have a good time with. Until they, so that you can continue being a clean on as of, but it is. Okay. Sure. That works too. Okay. Those are very sluggish income growth rates compared with the four years between 1990 and 2001. When median family income grew by 9.5% of median family real net worth grew by 10.3%. Experts disagree on the causes, but they renew agreement that this trend threatens to be a fundamental American belief about fairness. It's not the actual getting ahead in America that's so important has been Americans deep believe that they have the opportunity to get ahead. And if you lose that, there's damage to our society. So Douglas Holtz-Ekin, who until last year was the director of the nonpartisan CBO, the Congressional Budget Office, and before that was chief economist for President Bush. In coming years, income inequality is sure to be a rallying crime political debate, so everything from raising the minimum wage to federal spending on education to overhauling the tax code. Most theories and why the rich are getting richer focus on why everyone else isn't. Some explanations include the declining power of labor, the influx of illegal immigrants who that is going to be screaming about it tonight, you can bet your joy to his life on that. The offshoring of jobs and global competition that holds down wage growth. Education is widening in coming equality to Americans with cows degrees are nearly twice as much as those of the mouth. I don't have no cows degree. I'm doing okay. Josh don't have no cows degree. Look at him on a he's fallen down. It's right. But education has been a ticket to income growth lately. Between 2000 and 2005, workers with a four-year cows degree saw their wages fall, 3.1% adjusted for inflation. Only two groups together make up just 3.4% of the work for a son facing a wages rise. They were workers with doctoral degrees, or especially, he reads such as medicine or a law. The doctors and the lawyers are getting rich like crazy. They're just raping the public. They're just raking in the dough. That's what Norma said. The Surrey Pay enjoyed by top CEO of athletes and entertainers is also readily widening income divide. I'm picking Tiger Woods causes some income inequality set whole-taken. All of that seems to be part of this, but still easy with the sense of not knowing exactly what it is. There's a simple explanation that very wealthy simply on Morris. It's in the rest of us. That means they benefit more from the booming stock market, which is reaching record highs. And it goes on about stock market. They can take the stock market and they can step over to Mundo. That's kind. That must be it. We're all getting rich from the stock market, right? Oh, yeah. 118 votes on the poll. 2.4% Yeah, there you go. He says he's a approval ratings down to 4.4%. But that's pretty weak. Pretty weak. Thanks for admitting it, though, W. You idiot. You quizzling. You're fair. You're civil. You dumbbow. Speaking of really rocket science, the kind of people will Roger said, you know, horses are smarter than people. You've never heard of a horse going broke betting on people. It's cute. However, the horses are counting on people more than ever now. Nearly 100,000 horses are killed anyway in foreign owns, slaughterhouses in America. For human consumption of other countries. I don't know. I see. I don't understand why that we have a cultural revulsion toward eating horses, dogs, cats, stuff like that. Right? Domestician animals. Although cows are domesticated and see too many wild cows. They're not pets. Well, maybe some people have cows as a pet. Maybe some farmer type people have a really tight with their cows. Yeah. Well, that wouldn't stop me from eating it. I'm a meaner. Well, I don't know. Especially baby cow veal. No, no, no. There's a way to beat them with a baseball bat. When the upcoming set in vote on the American horse slaughter prevention act, Americans have a small window of opportunity to save a living legend. Horses are all the things they truly evolved human should be. There are countless examples of their inability to desire and heal people. What? Consider the therapeutic writing programs across the country where horses can have more progress with children with very specific on mental disabilities than their own doctors. The most superhuman thing about horses is the contrast between their honorfully strength and inherent gentleness. Humans abuse their power while horses use their only for good. I'd rather be a horse. This is written by Willie Nelson, by the way. He'd rather be a horse. I think he's got the horse as part down to a science. Have you ever seen a horse wearing a mood ring? Well, no, not imagine it. With no disrespect to the eagle, Willis has always thought that the horse should be our national emblem. But horse accepted man and under was back and chose to carry his burdens. It changed the world. Horses have made the man kind to his most arduous and treacherous endeavors from the sword to the plow share. Humanity owes in him, calculated level, debt to the horse, and Native American teachings, horses enables shaymans to fly through the year and reach heaven. Shaymans. And we're shaymen to the Pymon? Yes. The field someone's horses distealer power. We're afraid of what some people are saying slaughter is not a humane form of youth in Asia. And these are not unwanted horses. The treatment of slaughter about horses is most often inhumane. And more than 90% of those slaughtered are young and a good health. Many are sold as slaughter houses, the co-roptions, while others are stolen pets. Humans are not smart to weed horses. Horses are treated daily with products such as flies, spray, warmers, hoofs, restings, etc. These products all have warning labels against use by human and against human consumption. So there's woolly. So don't be even though horse. So they don't be horse and around. Of course, you know, there's some companies like in China where they eat anything. Am I right? Yeah, including each other. Dog, cat, and horse. I told you about my trip to the farm and he's market. Oh my god. I couldn't believe it. Possible. I was going to tell you about that. About what? The Chinese. They eat anything. Anything. And that's why all these grow testable. That's why the star things always break out in China and Southeast Asia. Because those people, the all sorts of rotesks. Things. They're the reasons that people are poaching tigers and rhinos and elephants and everything. Because they think that if they, you know, break rhino horn. Ever have pork rhino? No, wish. How much I could make that in my flavor way? Probably. Big enough. Coach rhino. 113 votes on the pool. The overwhelming consensus is I talked too much about the poll. So whatever you do, don't give us that result. The biggest name. So this is the year of rotors. The first 4th video 560. 2 8. M. Hello. I'm a worse woman. You know the best way to separate us from the liberals is my smell. That's why I use extreme white guard deal. When I'm running errands in my Hummer, extreme white guard deal. Protect me from odor, wetness, and free hugging last days. All day long. My little extreme white guard deal. And has a powerful ingredients. Some whips are stormy due to huge lie. I'm a minute man. I've been all day chasing illegal in my hot sun. And extreme white guard deal. It works as hard as I do. Okay, I got it. I got it. I got it. I'm from distance to teaching an amolation. And when I raise my monkey poster, I feel confident now. And extreme white guard deal. And it's in challenging ways. And now. Yes. And we have a traditional mountain use upon which this country was founded. Never. Let them see you sweat. Use extreme white guard deal. 16 at five 60 WK away and we have mad dog coming up to a clogged mad dog solo on that power hour. He's going to be at Hooray's in poverty, by the way. And in five to seven, we apologize. We got a couple of hunters now around. He's in Louisville for the breeder's cup tomorrow. Opening tip with Bimbledon Coles at seven before the heat came, which we don't carry Craig Mish at seven thirty to ten, which means we just threw in the towel. He rewind the Bimbledon Coles at ten, and you got that all marked down George. He's even listening on a Friday. I bet you got a lot of this tons of birthday cards pouring in there. Oh, you're not sending it. Not, set you all a little. Both of them. Both of them. There was that one pornographic one that didn't come out on the facts. Right. Yeah, the one for tonight's lady. Oh yeah. Well thank you very much. Bill Gourds in the Washington Times writes the Pentagon has stepped up planning for a tax against North Korea's nuclear program. And as both were in nuclear forces in Asia, said defense officials from many of the highly secret process. The officials are hereby buddy, I'll speak now in the condition of anonymity. Said they celebrated military planning includes detailed programs for a striking in North Korean totaling reprocessing facility, a young beyond, with special operations command or rates or strikes with Tamahal cruise missiles or the precision guided weapons. The effort which had been underway for several months was given to impetus by Pyongyang's underground nuclear test October 9, and growing up position of the nuclear program of King Jong-il's communist regime, especially by China and South Korea. Pentagon official said that the Department of Defense is considering various military options to remove the program, other than nuclear strikes which are considered excessive, there are several options in place now. Planning has been accelerated the official said. A second senior defense official provided the efforts that the Bush administration recently affirmed its commitment to both South Korea and Japan that it would use US nuclear weapons to deter North Korea, now considered an unofficial nuclear weapon state. They're going to drop Alec Baldwin on Pyongyang. What resorts of whatever force levels we need to have to defend the Republic of Korea that nuclear deterrence is in place to the senior official who declined to reveal what nuclear forces are deployed in Asia. Maybe just some of them baby nooks. Other officials said the forces include bombs in airlocked missile storage at Guam, a US Islander of the Western Pacific that could be delivered by B52 or B2 bombers. 9 US nuclear missile submarines regularly deployed to Asian water some Washington state. The official said one military option calls for teams of Navy's and Navy seals, or other special operation commanders to conduct covert raids on young beyonds to turning reprocessing facility. The commandos of the facility prevent further reprocessing of the spent fuel rods which provides the material for developing nuclear weapons. A second option calls for strikes by precision guide to time-ahawk missiles on the reprocessing plant. From several means of ships, the plan calls for assignment of the simultaneous strikes and various sides can minimize any radioactive particles being carried away in the year. The plan is estimated that six-time-ahawk's could be surrounded by the reprocessing plant that would take five to ten years for them to rebuild it. And we start all over again. We just keep blowing it up and they'll keep rebuilding it. And then we'll get pissed off and just move the whole day. We'll flatten the whole thing. How's that sound? Sounds great. 1142, that's how many votes we got on that pull between a mother talk about. Don't forget to watch hacking democracy and HBO. Don't watch it too closely and too carefully though, because then you'll say, I'm not going to waste my time voting. For example, here's more about that Tennessee situation. Several electronic voting cards used to cast ballots are missing from a foreign place in Memphis, according to the Tennessee Republican Party. And literally Shelby County Election Commission, State GOP Chairman Bob Davis, Jr. Chargers, the lack of oversight and control over the so-called smart cards has created a situation which could allow for voter fraud. Oh my God. He said the missing cards could lead to illegal votes being cast in Tuesday's election. Once cast and illegal vote made with a reprogrammed smart cut would be indistinguishable for an illegally cancelled day of its vote. He said it doesn't cite specific numbers of cards missing about the voting set was involved. He calls on local election officials to locate the cards as soon as possible and establish procedures to ensure that no other cards are lost on election day. The letter comes today after given to the city's ass, the Tennessee Board of Investigations looking to possible voter fraud. The commercial appeal reported day that officials are investigating two cases in which individuals voted twice during early voting. If only twice, well, that's not a big deal. Right? Not at all. If you have the opportunity to give them their vote over and over again, I mean twice, sure. What a hundred times for Christ's. For Christ's sake. But not for Christ's. Okay. Speaking of gay Tom Cruise and MGM before a million-it-artist know lady, did you see this? Huh? He just keeps coming back like a bad penny. Can't get rid of his ugly ass. Films to our Tom Cruise is teamed up with Metro Gold Renewing to Reservoir United Artists. The movie studio found in 87 years ago by Screen Legends Charlie Chaplin, Mary Pickford, Douglas Fairbanks and others MGM city yesterday. The partnership under which Cruise would star and then produce films for U.A. with this production partner Paula Wagner comes about two months after they bitter end of Cruise's 14 year production deal with Paramount Pictures. Wagner will serve as chief executive of the United Artists. Our teeth. Cruise and Wagner will exercise control over United Artists' productions slate from development of the ability to commit financial resources to new pictures. MGM said in the statement that a new U.A. will be located in L.A. U.A. will be in L.A. Cruise's latest film Paramount's vision impossible three gross more than $390 million worldwide will still be available with a few movies for the studios out of the new deal. The reconstitute of the U.A. will start out with a production slate of about four films a year MGM said. The talent-friendly studio will be reborn as a place where producers, writers, directors, actors can strive in a creative environment MGM said in the statement. United Artists was founded 1919 by actress Chaplin Thickford and Fairbanks and pioneering director D.W. D. W. Griffith. U.A. Secure Distribution Rights to Films Release by MGM in 1973 and was purchased outright by MGM eight years later. MGM Films Library contains over 1200 titles including such classics as Midnight Cowboy, Some Locked Hot, Annie Hall and the Rocky and Pink Panther movies also includes Rain Man which co-starred Cruise in the course or in 4 Academy Awards including Oscar for Best Picture. And Dustin Hoffman. And Barry Barry. When I was all fall down very, very. It was very, very good. In 1952 he wrote some of the pull obviously you're not impressed you and want to see it all fall down. He went and drew it. All right. And I might have. You might have seen it. And I have. Watch a lot of movies in my life a long time ago. Why do you want to see the long time ago for that about it? Yes, an angel lens ver is the nagging of Naksis mother. Oh, and it's all the very familiar. And Warren, baby, and Crumbaldum with his big nose and the very, very smooth skin lovely young Brandon to Wilma. Oh, there he goes again with a facet. And he was 20. Okay. He was a legal agent. It looked very good to me. Some of the letters are comical. A man asking God, let him win the lottery twice. Others are heartbreaking. On-white mother, putting with God to make the babies father married her. The letters about 300 dollars sent to a new jersey minister. Any of the dumped in the ocean most of them on open. So see all these people who have died to answer their prayers and come to find out. Their letters wound up in the ocean. The minister died two years ago with the age of 79. Some dating back as far as 1973 wound up bobbing in the surf is a mystery. They were bobbing for apples. No doubt. There are hundreds of lives here. A lot of struggle washed up on the beats said Bill Lackavara, a event No insurance to just who was fishing last month with his son when he spotted a flower plastic shopping bag and waited after retrieved it. This is just a hit of what really happens. How many letters like this all over the world aren't being open or answered? How many fish in the sea and how many floating letters? Many letters were addressed to Reverend Grady Cooper. The many more simply said alter. According to the text, it's said that there were intended to be placed on the churches of the altar and prayed over by the minister to come to the congregation or both. But it sure happened to the kiss key from the guiding light, father, whatever his name is. Some were neatly written and skipped on white line paper. Others in a feverish scroll on tenetscaps of parchment or note cards. Many were crinkled from being in the water and then dried out after Lackavara finished them. A first amount of the sea. A dog-yared business card in San Juan, and then a five Cooper as Associate Presently. Now Calvary Baptist Church in Jersey City, a woman who went to the phone of the church office confirmed Cooper was once ministered there and had died nearly two years ago. The current pastor didn't return several calls from the AP. He's mum. Other documents in the bag including bank statements and cancelled text also listed Cooper's name and address for him in Jersey City. A debt certificate issued in 2004 for a greedy Cooper. List the same address as those in the bank documents and some of letters. His wife Francis is named also short-up on some of letters at the same address. No one answered the door last week at the address where Cooper once lived. And a neighbor said didn't recall anyone by that name. Attempts to locate Cooper's rows were unsuccessful. He's in the ground, baby. I guarantee that the worms are eaten his ass. Lackavara is speculated that someone clearing out Cooper's home found letters and threw them on the beach in the city about 100 miles from Jersey City. They threw them on the beach. Isn't that what you would do if you found a bag full of letters you throw them on a beach? Okay. Or did we ignore them? I guess rather than just throw them in the garbage, maybe they thought they'd send them out to see the blessed these people. They said so they made the trip to Atlantic City. Maybe went to a casino and put letters in the water. The letters wrapped in several smaller brown paper bags inside the larger plastic bag. Didn't appear to have been in the water too long, after Boris said, though about half or two badly damaged to be legible. How does God get our reading for Christ's? He opened a few with a son Rocky on the beach. The first year were humors. I'm still praying to hit the lottery twice. First, the 50,000 one man wrote, that after some changes taken place, let me hit them in the narrow one. The rest God to make a certain or someone leave me alone and stay up my back. I'll still not the rest God to come a woman who called the IRS on me. One woman complained that her husband always talks about sex. Another honestly dropped a dime to God on someone cheating on his wife, complete with dates times and locations. Many more were written by English spouses, children or widows, pouring out their hearts to God, asking for help with relatives who were using drugs, gambling, or cheating on them, one man wrote from prison. Saying he was innocent and wanted to be back home with his family. A woman wrote that her boyfriend was now closing the order with daughters bedroom each night when he used to stay open and wondered why. How do you like that? God is answering their prayers and God is always consistent. The biggest name of self-best talent to the basis of the erotrists for radio 560, which is the issue 8. Why do you ask him? Oh my God. A long, long time ago, it was 1900 and Jesse Helms was just a lad of nine. And no one knew what was in store just ended the Spanish American war. So they poured his like it was 1899. The war events that made you shiver, but there were times we did deliver. A promise that was kept with that famous one small step I can't remember each event or everything that man did invent. A century we were present. This is how it went. My, my how the time it did fly since it started some deported many teas we did try For the centuries done that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of an eye. I hope you've got time. It all started when two guys were right when they poured their blame into light. And the start of radio. Signified, had his mother's thing and once a theory and next week and the Titanic that story we all know. The well-world war won it soon began with shooting off still Francis Bird and Nand, millions died from the flu. And when the war was still there, he was still there. And then Russia had his feather Lucien and a margin at default of the oceans. And now, please, we won't see again. The truth is gone by. And we were singing in my eye at the time it did fly since it started some deported many teas we did try. For the centuries done that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of an eye. I hope you've got time. I hope that his feather tether tea named after Houston knew model tea. And the bird landed near Paris. And some old regret gave pen to sail with Wall Street and the great depression and women were both to like you as they. For my thought, as Germany's chancellor was sworn in and world war two is soon began, and made you a sovereign land. The project then had taken their evolution trial in Tennessee. We caught a first-class cat TV, then the day that lives in it but me on. The truth is gone by. I'm tired of it. Who were singing in my eye at the time it did fly since it started some deported many teas we did try. For the centuries done that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of an eye. What we fear is I've got my. Frankly, when since they were soon be waited, starting with the TV day vision, but at what in a falling cause? In Russia no one did the frost, and Germany they find these lost. Discovered the horrors of the Holocaust. Prattman little boy and all the game. Change the whole world on that very day. Me now had just begun. And shine a blue fire, cussing town. The first player in baseball that was black. It's reality they're home and back. Oh, Massachusetts of the DJ. The first player in the game. And we were singing in my eye at the time it did fly since it started some deported many teas we did try. For the centuries done that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of an eye. I've got my. Separate with equal names such a fuss. Rosa to time went on the bus. Only your cured with a vaccine. Then Russia scattered us big time with spotting nigg. Our troops into Korea, quick, discovered the double Felix. Oh, Jeff came at us way too soon but promised you get us all to the moon. You're his first in space. Can the pill we did it race and the friendship set the climb into the night. Cuba's disobeyed much quite of pride. Selfie's seizure is on due flight. A hundred years gone by. You're fair that we were singing in my eye at the used in the fly since it started some deported many teas we did try. For the centuries done that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of an eye. The hundred years have gone by. Neal's giant step was the big news. You're gone. The first way gave women right to choose. Mix in resigns about water gates. To celebrate. Got the troops out of Vietnam. Had hostage taken by Iran. And a virus made us too scared to go to. A test to be peace held a lot. Some guy named Bill started Microsoft. Turn over all explosion. The Berlin Wall keeps broken. The US is our sad goodbye. Some students in China they did try. Seven died in the Florida sky. A hundred years gone by. And they were singing. My eye at the time is the fly since it started some deported many teas we did try. For the centuries done that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of an eye. The last one was the one who was singing. My eye at the time is the fly since it started some deported many teas we did try. For the centuries done that we say goodbye. Because the hundred years have gone by. Okay. Well, I sure killed some good time. It's Friday. Yes. This story about Dick Beyondi. Yeah. I bet he's a hundred. He was around during all those things in that bit. Do you want the other page? No. It's the best way to use of the year says the Chicago sometimes comes Robert Feter. Dick Beyondi Chicago's greatest rock and roll. This is a rock you've all time is coming back. Greatest rock and roll. This is a rock you've Chicago. My ass. He couldn't look very loose. But he could look his dingo berries. The rock cast legend of radio Hall of Famer signed a multi-year agreement once they did join ABC on true oldies. WZZ and NFF 94.7. The Z-Ving personality. Starting next week, it could be on for nine and midnight through Friday. Dick Beyondi on WZZ and I'm so happy to get back on here. We look excited to get to stay in Chicago. Beyondi said of his new deal. They go shaded by Asian David Martin. Beyondi. 783 has been a radio limbo since June 2005 when CBS radio pulled the park on oldies. And in Beyondi's 21 year run at WZMK FM to make way for the lifeless adult hits 4MAD of Jack FM. Every market's got a Jack FM even here. They got Jack FM. For about a year, Beyondi was relegated to the internet at HD radio outlets, where it could be heard only by a small fraction of his hundreds of thousands of former listeners. Nothing like playing oldies, baby. Every radio guy who can't get a gig he goes back and they search for an oldies. I shouldn't have said that. Rickshaw might be listening to Sarah Rick who didn't start out playing oldies. Who? Rickshaw? No, he played an oldies. Newbies? In a final dignity line, she'll be on the spot on a corporate cost cutting binge, dubbed of Black Wednesday by the trade press. Of all the blown CBS radio bosses have made a recent year, and there isn't enough room on this page list and all says Bob Feeder. Their treatment of Beyondi was by far the most shameful. Shameless. Well, my dad. But Peter Lathen, every ABCC's the opportunity to hear Beyondi, and enhance the true oldies outlawed ones to the last fall by Scott Shenz. The veteran of your program. Shenz will be inducted this weekend in the radio hall of famous Chicago has been providing recorded voice tracks for the station outside of morning and afternoon drive. Beyondi's hearing closely follows that another Chicago radio icon, John records landbacker, who signed on his afternoon person out there at the scene, morning's are hosted by Scott McKay. How exciting it is to build a gentleman oldies station here in Chicago who said somebody who's on the second page that everybody can't hear out of one who no more. Think Beyondi and John records landbacker can't Louis Lou Jack before I only know if he's still alive. Well, what difference does that make? The piece of the monitor. The best talent to be this is the real rot race. How about the real sixy-two-eight? Sput 12 Friday, you bastards. The federal government just learned about those people to play. And you're with our institutions of the most part, he's proud of her no apology. And mostly great others who did the father's six-months hundreds of dollars. Oh my god! There's no one left to blame, I said, Brownie! You're the government, shame, I said Brownie! Short cool breeze up and play, and there's no one! I know who's all playing George Bush! You'd better make them shut up before he says. If we're sure who messed up, you can defend him! But I'm sure you won't find many things! That's me! Should do time! Ha ha ha! You're the power of the star! You're the way to dumb to run the air! Be a mate, so be for time when you ran air! Be a mate! Let me know when everyone knows that you're leadership roles! You can go back to your foreshows! To be able to public and jazz Democrats criticize the fact that Brown is still on the federal payroll, but maybe because as long as he remains at administration official, his testimony must be cleared by the White House. She came out to you, my cast-child! Oh yeah, set a minute back to both now! Oh right! Hey hey hey hey, there's a phone! Okay, there's a sample of our new format, sir, it's Monday. But, 201 votes on the full half, it's good enough for Dick Beyond, he's 73. I mean, how long do you think you can do this? Of course, being a dish-jockey, I mean, anybody can play records. I'm not knocking him because he's an old man. But, anybody can play records, I mean, how much talking do you have to do, right? Exactly. You know that, I know. It's a great way to face your wasted way. In the tunes, in the spots, in the spots, in the... But we do it on the holiday, in the 1248, I know that, right? Yeah. Do a little bit of a spacing out, went it down, and that's it. So, what do you do? With me for, on the other hand, oh my gosh, can you even begin to imagine me at 73, sitting here, poshking around with his computer, and oh my gosh, and all these bedtime stories? I know, it was what kind of shape I'll be in at 73 or should it look so long. You probably will. Will what? Live so long. Oh yeah, out of spite, just out of spite, like I told you, there's certain people I'm going to outlive, just just swank and dance on their graves, not missing all that candy. But, I have not interested in candy, it's not on my mind. Go, go, go, fight. If I knew where to find a bag of Mary Jane, stick with the low card pasta, stickless meatballs, stick it. Now stick with my bones. Leek US reports you, oh, sir, racked toast to chaos. Oh, no, come on, it just makes this stuff up. A leek military reports you, the US Central Command believes you rack his one step closer button describes as chaos. The classified material includes a color-coded bar chart with a word piece in green at one end, and chaos in red at the other. The level of sectarian violence is marked with an arrow close to the word chaos. A Pentagon spokesman said that it's regrettable that classified briefing has been leaked. White House spokesman Tony says, says the situation in a rack has since changed. Right. If you got the same report last week, you would have found out the national sectarian incidents from the 21st of the 27th drop, 23% he said. It's only close to chaos. A opinion poll show a rack worth number one, consider voters, and, next week's US mentor elections, chaos, they have sure us over there. I mean, you talk about, it's just, and it's mind-boggling to me, just blows my mind. But the story I had earlier about how stupid the public isn't about the media's owned and bought and whatever, that's what Corvado said. What's the suit of intellectual, what's an intellectual fact like him know about the rest of us anyway, right? Right. What can he possibly know that we don't? 1,200, 3 votes on the poll. I talked too much about the polls. Neal talks too much about, I hate this poll. I think starting Monday, George is going to do the poll every day. Yeah. I guess I must be out of the poll. It'll be the same poll every day. I thought this was the winner. Any chance we give them a tip shot at us. Neal talks too much about these dumb polls, 190, and, like he is right now, ring the poll, resulting in pop, pop, pop, pop, fight, and all like that. Like those regions that we have on. Oh, my God. We have to somebody still. Oh, and over and over again, batman about that same sports garbage. Horse racing 152 breeders kept them are any interest whatsoever. Talkie 137. Well, you can't complain about the crowds of the pantheon games because there aren't any. Man is the 96, politics 91, almost of 77, too much homo on at the homo show. Start talking about some heterostuff. Not all those hot young guys, you know. Sales holes 71, George W. Bush 57, like Matt Cassels, the back of quarterback for the Patriots. He ain't no time Brady in terms of talent or looks, but he'll he'll do. He'll do his a spare. George W. Bush 57, religion 32, quit knocking religion. You're making fun of our religion, right? No. Yes. Sports 23 and food 16, and no we won't stop talking about it in the S. We are making fun of your religion. Whichever one it is, religion is basically for people who are too weak to escape from the brain Washington, they had his children, and that's what it's all about. And then of course the later-in-life converts. Well we found Christ, we found whatever. Like Madonna there with her. What's that? Volgas, Jew religion, she's gone? They're all a business. Okay, yeah, cabala. Hey, blah blah, how's the cabala? How's the rugalach? You crazy go you. And by the way, Jews know that not twice as for children. Okay, did I just mention in panic, said for Mr. Ego, I'll log us he's born again. Oh, who knows? Anybody listen to him? No. How the money you're falling, you know? You never had any ratings on a real radio station. I would have had my marginal station. It doesn't show up. Three years after he gave himself up to American soldiers without firing a shot, Sodom was saying, maybe condemned a hang on Sunday if an Iraqi court finds him guilty of crimes against humanity. They're thick and they've heard it through Sunday. Just two days before the American elections. And then Monday will probably have the latest Osama tape, which he says you better elect George Bush, or his people, his underlings. The final act of Sodom zero-old first trial, the verdict is the high point of his work, US sponsored experiment in the international justice intended to unite Iraqis and exercising three decades of rule by the former president, who was installed by the way by the American CIA, accused of mass killing and torture to keep power overwashed disparate peoples. The spirit, meaning religious categories, the soon-ease the CIA, and of course the Kurds. The Kurds in the way of the Kurds. Yeah, different kinds of the assertions. Yet the country or a sermon like a sort of chopper does not seem like women's a sampler. Stop. If there's no surface, there's two kinds of candies you don't want is like Whitman's sampler and fanny's far-far-nerd farmer's grain. Well, the sampler is like playing Russian roulette. You know, you might get that pink stuff in the middle. Nah, God. What kind of people he pink candy? Yeah. That's what he would say. That's his response to everything, you know? Yeah. What are we going to do about him? How do we ever survive this long? By the way, George was number one on the summer time, but a little help for me. Yeah, the country's decent to a civil war since Sodom was overthrown as blinded proceedings. No. Three defense lawyers were killed. The judge quit over political interference, and Iraqis who year ago gasped and wanted to see the former strong man in court have left in a distracted and Difference to his fate. In other words, we got bigger fish to fry, like staying alive. Sodom 69 and 7 cool accused of enshrared to the crimes against humanity for the killing of 148 CIA villagers after an attempt on his life in the town of Doja, and in the early 1902. Is that where we're hanging out in Doja? If convicted, sit on faces death by hanging, a prospect she had Prime Minister and Nuri al-Malikis, with some disregard for judicial independence, it cannot come soon enough. But a death sentence which Sodom with political bombast is demoted and court should be instead by a military firing squad, maybe many months, even years away, he's due back in court today on a separate trial for genocide against the Kurds in 180 and could face up to a dozen other cases as well. He's busy. He's busy. He's gas on his own people, and I'm actually we gave him the gas and all the other crap that he used. But nevertheless, no confuses with the facts and there's that picture of Rummy, you know, shaking hands at the big smile on his post of like that. All the oldies you can handle man, starting Monday. And something like a winner to me. Oh! Hey, if I'm going to make it to 80 on a year, I've got to like piece myself. Do you think? When it now, space it out. Well, it wasn't so. There's all the north. They just hit on it for a second boy. I can say bad pennies. They just never go away. They just keep coming back. I'll be north. Dr. Missabia, Luskin cup. 113 votes on the pool, which I think our goal is 13. I mean, it doesn't. It will never get to that. I want to make 13. It's Friday. And 13's a very unlucky number on Friday and it. So let's see, what's the big do ones? We got my birthday on Sunday, right? We got hacking democracy all weekend along with you. Auto box on HBO. And then we got the election on Tuesday. And what are we going to do after election day? What do we do then? What happens to all the propaganda and all the. Grow test personal attack campaign ads and all the. Clositoris ring, no, for all these closet fans coming flying out of me. The biggest name. So best tell us who the fastest wheel rotors for radio 560. You. Hello. These are galleries. And you know, well, we'll be this into a. Enjoy new ideas. I want to. Mm. Mm. And now, a telephone conversation between Paul McCartney and Heather Mills. Hello. Hello. This is Andrew McCartney resident. With him on the phone. It's a. Uh, tell us what you told to tell me. Bob or Bob. He's in the bubble bath. He's not in the bubble bath. I guess I'm. But they're schmuck on the phone. You know, you're not in the bubble bath. It's got a shop call on me. Hello, Paul. It's Heather Mills McCartney. For the love of all that's got in green. Stop using Heather Mills McCartney. We're getting a divorce. I'm scared. Your wife. You're not the right lenders. You're just a bad bit of lasagna before bed. You're going to repress me. I am going to drag you through the. My friend told me you were lying scheme and black bear a little bit. There's nothing but love about you. Wait till everyone finds out who the real Paul McCartney is. You're all father said you were going to get my father as a schmuck. Just like you except you the one who'll be writing a check for six hundred million dollars to Heather Mills McCartney for the love of all the leaves of the three. Stop using me last name. I know I'm going to be busy thinking. What for your walk? I shouldn't be having an in contact with you. I just want to tell you that I'm going to start telling the truth about you. You're a crazy. I'm crazy. How about the time when I was pregnant and you stabbed me in the arm with a broken wine glass during a fight? You lunatic. That was a fight between Carlos and Gabby on desperate housewives on the telly. How about the time I asked you to bring me 12 lemons and you're going to brought me to baby need a 12 to make a centerpiece. You're crazy, Banshee. It was from the movie The Break Up with Vince Fallen and Jennifer Rannison. You've lost it. How about the time when we turn from vacation and you scream to meet constantly? You take my from the case, I'm here. I'm from the case, do you love it? Why do they hear that story? Wait till I hear that story. They'll know immediately. You're talking about the TV show deal and no deal with our women. They'll, you've got the delicate views with reality. How about the time you and Linda cover please, I'll finish in the Boston Barrier. How about that one? How are you going to deny that parma carnival? I'm a people. You're talking about Leonardo DiCaprio in the motion picture of the departed. How about the time you made me play kickball with my bad legs? I love kickball. I love kickball. Kickball is like a favorite sport. And you knew that about me before you married me. Guess we can have a measurement cut me get you into contact. We all live in a yellow submarine. A yellow submarine. A yellow submarine. Yeah, they really should have got him instead. One or two and five, six, you WQM. And what's in your story? Not because there's anything wrong in Florida with people having private licenses in their 100 years old. 81 year old driver dies, backing car at a driveway in your West Palm Beach. And anyone year old woman was killed while backing out of a driveway in the 600 block of Oakwicho Bay Boulevard near West Palm. At 10, 20, yesterday morning, the Palm Beach kind of sure saw her said today. Nadine Bruza, who lived in the 1500 block of Tiffany Place West of West Palm Beach, was the 10th year in turn right and traveled West Palm at Oakwicho Bay in a 1994 forward. At the same time, Bernard Glymer, 88, who lives near the scene, was headed west and crashed as 2004 into Bruza's car. Bruza's did not yield before making the turn of us together. Bruza's car spun, went through a drainage ditch into a palm tree, and I'm a suffered minor injuries, and she is dead. I say, she was 81. He's 88. She's just a child chicken's baby. She's just a chicken's. I just got a 600 renewal online for my driver's license. I just don't understand that. You tell people about these things and they look at you like, well, how is that possible? They don't know if you're blind, deaf, dumb, amputee. They know if you're like, living, dead, and they don't care. How much is it? I forget how much it was when I renewed my driver's license online. I told you my mother when she was 90, we got a renewal for six years in a mail. No eye test, no nothing in the mail. Yeah. She's probably not getting rid of us. Probably. Oh, yeah, there's a lot of dead people driving in Florida. Just look at him. 1230 votes on the pool. Not too bad. We're going for 13. We're going for 16 minutes to get. Oh, I think we can do it. And who you get 13 and revotes by one o'clock during or by two, whenever the hell it is. Georgia is going to be doing polls for the next six years. A man who posted his own sex offender registry photo on the social networking site, MySpace.com, is back behind bars. This is what you call a real rocket scientist. Christian Paul Dutton, 47 of Wheeling West Virginia, was arrested in September of her trespassing in elementary school later released. He was arrested again Wednesday and charges the failing to register his MySpace account with a state police. Dutton who's been more than six years after 1984, conventional high-offer attempted to rape had registered on the site under the name Bubba. He's required the register as a sex offender for life. So there's nothing like putting your picture on my space and, uh, Oh, we're looking for this son of a bitch. Let's go get him. Okay. No problem. I don't know if they ever had a group who stepped down because of that gay incident. What a man in Denver. Yeah, he had no sex with a man in Denver, but they got it on. They got to be courtings for a crime allowed with his voice on it. But he never had done it with a man in Denver. Maybe he was like in the destroy some one. Palabero Springs was supposed to be out because it's so wrong. Seriously, can you imagine anybody playing that, that pasty-faced, um, Crater pushed, uh, creature to have sex with him? Uh, sorry. Ooh, man. I wouldn't touch him with your tongue. The rate of marine biodiversity loss is accelerating and it curates there be little sustainable fish or seafood available by mid-century. But if you get things some of us are going to be dead by then. Since Colau always look on a bright side, I won't be around by then, but thank God because all these bad things we got the comments coming or that asteroid, whatever is that asked, or who, researchers warn in the journal science that 90% of the present-day marine fish crustaceans shellfish, another corolled eaten species of seafood could vanish in 50 years. Oh my God. But the studies lead author, Canadian series, fisheries researcher Boris Worm, that's his name, Boris Worm. Things countries will correct the person over fishing, economic mismanagement, and environmental degradation before that happens. Often we survive without those crustaceans, you can have the fish, oh, fully. Man, who wants to eat fish without that mercury in it? Me? Me? Fully. But now like to seafood, like your lobster and your sea. I mean, how do we get along without that? Right. I like it on it. I personally don't think the current trend of the cleaning fish species will continue Worm said. The worm is turning another word. I think we're smart enough to realize where we're heading and afford it. To avoid this catastrophe, the scientists say countries must manage in term marine ecosystems, and not just individual fish species as they are doing today, they also are to create some extensive no fish zones, the aquatic version of national parks. No fish in here, baby. Get that thing out of the water and a pool. It gets your pool out of the water. To reach their conclusions, researchers from across the globe, including Canada and the US, did a meta-analysis of existing studies to quantify how to loss a marine diversity locally, as affected the marine ecosystems and services provided to humans. The scientists report concludes that 29% of the fish and seafood species have already collapsed to less than a tenth of their historical maximum catch. This isn't based on models of assumption. This is a very clear trend in its speeding up-sid worm. So those of you who like to like shellfish, you get to taste for something else. Go out there and get some candy. Go get some ice cream. There it goes again. I'm not in the mood for ice cream, but I don't know. That's very unusual. Okay. Good. Okay. So it's very unusual. It doesn't do anything for a mano. Like when you talked a few days ago about the marine jay that you found it, that got me wound up like an alarm clock. Man, I was just... Whoops. I got to a frenzy. So it's your fault that I went out and got those two score ice cream cones now. Many scientific studies have demonstrated the importance of biodiversity at the local level, but this study shows for the first time that every species matters at the global level as well. Even the disappearance of one species reduces the biodiversity of any ecosystem in turn, reduced biodiversity means the oceans produce less food, have lower resistance to disease and pollution, and can't rebound as well from stresses like climate change. Well, I don't know. Let's see. By mid middle of the century, I'll be turning into dust. Ashes to ashes, dust in us. Isn't that why I said it and then we'll be recreating ashes to ashes? Mm-hmm. Jennifer Conner, whatever happened to her, what's she in the air? What's she doing? I don't see her in the normal dark water with the last movie I saw her in. I was in some dark water last year. I was using a lot of hot water in recwim. I got to watch that again. I'm going to be on television. She was so good in that movie that she was. It's just kind of scary. I'm not sure if you can see her. I'm not sure if you can see her. I'm not sure if you can see her. I'm not sure if you can see her. I'm not sure if you can see her. I'm not sure if you can see her. Sarah Gold Farm. That sounds so Jewish, you know. Yeah. No. I didn't know that you're a leader was Jewish. 1242 votes on the poll. Neil talks too much about all this stuff on here. I'm not going to make her read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I'm going to read it. I want to. How's that? I just made up my mind. Are you thinking me? Yeah. We have 734 friends on our my space. At least we did the start of the day. I can check it again right now. Thank God for this. Mozilla Firefox. You know what? I haven't gotten back to her. I'm going to explore in a long time. Since you've talked me and put me in the Internet of course. Seven on it. Oh yeah. If ever there was an act of sabotage that was it. How come I can't find my space? Oh there it is. We got some nifty stuff on our my space. Pave two but I don't have time to read it. 736 friends excuse me. We got two new friends day. Let's share it. In another one. I'll read them. Another setting 736. And like Josh said, if they for a downing old fart like me, that's pretty good. It's damn good. Because my space is generally for like living and breathing younger people. They're not not old forests and one who has somebody read news stories on your four hours every day. Josh said, but that's pretty good for an old fact like you. How many you got on your website? How many friends on your page? Well, I only have people I know. Well, how many? Real life. I like 80. I've got bad for a punk like you for a schmuck like you that keeps moving every week. Now let me just ask you this. I don't want to start getting too. Of course, you force you with a log here, but am I looking at this right? Because when you fast me the log this last hour came out like in two pages. Oh yeah. Which is you know, Mark Foli would like that. Two pages instead of just one. One for each hand. But like the last two breaks are two minutes each and getting on here is that in my dream. Yeah, that's not a misprint. Wow. That looks like Chris Jones and his staff fact. There are doing a fantastic job. The 50 states of the system. The 50 states of the system. You watch this for 20560. You. Then you're power over this performance by the dolphin. Why? Wonder. We dropped the bomb of love. For a little alley. Please lay car now and stop. Let's thank the boy for making gas. Keep her at the pump. All right, I'll turn wonder. We dropped the bomb of love. First you brainwash the public. You know, bush like a gun. And you hide that way you ask for all your work. Everybody's okay. Anything you want. You conquer them and tell them. Get theocracy a chance. And you're feeling genuine wonder. For a little water and natural gas. Or one wonder. We do do. We drop the bomb of love. Who wants a few dead babies? We're saying it's up our law. We sure showed them a thing or two. I could read right around. We're like wonder wonder. We do do do. We drop the bomb of love. I wonder why. We drop the bomb of love. It's 115. Did he say? Oh, I think that's what he said. We have that just the end of the day. We can 12 16. That's another thing you ought to put on a full old crab. That's what you ought to put on a full old crab. Oh, yeah. Go ahead. We'll talk too much about old crab. Shmuck. Old crab. I'm well. When you talk about old crab. I hope you don't. Well, why don't you give Josh an electric buzzer. He just likes a cutie me. If we know who it would be in Shelley is. Yes. She's dead. Are you serious? Hey, Ben Shelley an actress best known for a roles in the hall hardly films trust and the unbelievable truth was found in the office by her husband, Rachel says. Huh. She was found about 6 p.m. Wednesday. Police said yesterday last night they were waiting on top. See results before deciding whether to investigate the cases it might be followed play. There's a picture here here. She's blind and she looks pretty good. Well, it's normally she's a redhead and she had yet to show her boobs. So I'm kind of bummed. Well, maybe he's still hoping on top. See what's for home yesterday. But the medical examiner's office didn't have a closet. Shelley was 40 appeared as jury in the 2000 film Factore, a fact totem with Mad Dylan. She started as Audrey Hugo in 1999 film The unbelievable truth. And Maria caught within the 1990 film Trust. She worked steadily during her career in film theater in TV. Later turned to writing and directing making her directorial debut with Sudden Manhattan in 1996. She was married to Andy Ostroy and her three year old named Sophie according to the agent about a decade Rachel Sheedy. Ostroy is not in the movie Venice. For an Adrian Levine and Queens and raised on Long Island, Shelley lived in Lorman and with her family have been focusing more lately on writing, directing, caring for her daughter. Shelley recently wrote in the written a film called Waitress which started Kerry Russell and Nathan Philon, Philon. She was so psyched about the film she said she gathered and amazing cast and she was really happy to say to her back from Musson Dance about it. She was only 40 and now she's dead. Well, that's tapey and Shelley. Not a bummer? Yeah, that is actually. I like the fact. Our goal is 13 or her folks to the end. We should have it easily except from just, I don't know, 1261. See, they're coming in by the ones at that rate. We won't make 1300. And that would be really, really bad in embarrassing to me. Wouldn't that be embarrassing to all of us connected with this show? No, we don't care. They don't really care. I just, you know, again, I, it's, it's, it's content. Now we just pretend we care because then if we pretend there's our fuck world again, he's another one. I don't want to see him and I don't want to see Michael T. Fox. I don't want to see him in sensitive. I don't want to see him. I don't have a chance to say goodbye to everybody while I like it. Why everybody? Everybody? Everybody walk. Was dying from kidney failure, okay? In fact, I remember several months ago there was an article about him about his miracle. I guess he got a transplant or something. He had some kind of a miracle come back. And I emailed that article to a last hit and it gave him an offer from a radio hope, which obviously didn't work, but nevertheless I try. But anyway, art book world is in very, very bad shape. And they put him on TV there. I think there ought to be a law that says that famous people after that, we reach a certain age or a certain state of decay, physical decay. We don't need to see him anymore. You know what I mean? Like what like 64? No, I don't see 64. We don't do all of that. I don't see his meat, you know? I don't want to see Michael. I'm going to pick you up in the studio over here. Well, good. Keep looking at it. Backtell Corporation went to Iraq three years ago to help rebuild a nation torn by war since then. 52 p.m. of its people have been killed and much of its war sabotaged. As the market has solved into insurgency and sectarian violence. Now, backtell is leaving. We're leaving. The San Francisco engineering companies last government contract. We build power water and sewage plants across the market. Expired this week. Some employees remain to finish the paperwork. But essentially, the company's job is done. Backtell's contracts are part of an enormous US effort to put a rack back on its feed. It says after decades of wars and sanctions. Then we building campaign once touted as the Marshall Plan of Modern Times was opposed to when the Hearts of Skeptical Iraqis by giving them clean water, the dependable power, phones that work and modern sanitation. President Boiset he won, but countries infrastructure to be the very best in the Middle East. The Manhattan. But backtell would charge into Iraq with American can do further. Founded tough to keep its engineers and workers alive. Much less making progress and piecing Iraq back together. Sound like when Joe Belkin tried to put the pieces of the QMP puzzle back to the other after Greg Reid smashed in like a smashing an egg. Little tiny bits of the crap. Did Iraq come out to where you hoped it would ask Cliff Mum, that tells President for Interest. I would say, and fanacally, no one is heartbreaking. And fanacally. Oh no. The violence that is ripped to rack drove up cost and hamstring the engineers who poured in the country after the West London Bayon. Backtell's first reconstruction contract awarded shortly after who sains over thrown April of 2003. A short of the company would have a safe environment for its workers. But by the end, dozens of backtell employees and some contractors have been killed. Some of them kidnapped others marched out of their office and shot. Fordian and others were wounded. Backtell responded by hiring more guards, driving armor cars and fortifying its camps. Those steps ate up money, then otherwise would have brought electricity and clean water to Iraqis. But did not. The size of backtell's contracts also shrank over time as US officials that were mending from reconstructed into its security. Instead of nearly $3 billion originally budget, backtell finally received about 2.3 billion. A few of them includes money to company spent on projects as well as its undisclosed profit. Mumb directed backtell's work from a bare bones trailer and bagged that. He's proud of his people for finding ways to work despite the threat of imminent death. But Mumb's pride is mixed with frustration. Many of those completed projects later fell to collapsing security, which made maintenance dangerous. And in some cases, resulting in damage to plants and equipment. How's that children's hospital under my coming at the law was all excited about? The children in the world. The children in the world. The children in the world. The children in the world. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The old families. The young families. The young families. The young families. The young families. My amy has the dolphins, and here we go again. There's another loosing season that's never gone up, and they never went, they never will. But I will never know why sports are a straightened victim. Though in the Super Bowl and there the I amy dolphins. My amy dolphins, my amy dolphins number, how many do you believe? My amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, the same old story as you. The dolphins are such losers, they really are quite late. I knew it from the fairies star, I watched up his work games, and they did see the wimpy way, and they were excited through that flag, standing on the sidelines. He looked just like a flag, and there the I amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins number, how many do you believe? My amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, their problems stick to them like blue. The dolphins are such a full wall, and then you fantasy, it's only five year old that they pulled out of victory. And then they played the Texans in almost maybe six, that's too big to point as play, that's humbling on side, picked and there, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins number, how many do you believe? My amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins number, how many do you believe? The dolphins can't control the ball, they're running games as flat as for their execution. Well, I'd agree with that, they're always on a floor, we'd love that and can be short, and when they leave the field, so has the stench of power and door and there, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins number, how many do you believe? My amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, if there's another shot of blue or blue, no, no, no, no, no! But dolphins have no strategy, they play like idiots, another couple games, what's the thing with some jets? I think they're all guitar, it's almost like they're cursed, estrus and tailor and zexom, as which humans know words and no faith, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins number, what the hell 32? My amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, my amy dolphins, how many do you believe? 132 at 5.60, WQM could be really ugly in Chicago, on Sunday, man, could be really gruesome and grotesque. Don't forget we got the real pregame show though at 10 in the morning on Sunday, just like we got the opening tip with Vimbo, close to that 7, and the heat rewind after the heat game, as they attempt to a loose tune around. 1286, you know, there's not even any drama or suspense today, we're going to get that 13-in real easy George. What are you going to do with that? I'm going to get 1,300 by 2 o'clock, that means I have to do the pole in. Yeah, well, they don't like my poles lately, they don't seem to be the number one response yesterday and today. It's because the rate hates this pole. I hate you because you're all going to be 64 on Sunday. What's that bit about 64? Now I'm 64? Yes, get out of here. All right, so you know what it's called? No, now he's 64. Oh, what's all right? Oh, okay, get out of here. Oh, hey. Now you all rolled up, you still have your hand, and your odd-stive brow. I heard you were splitting up with heavier wives. It's another day in our life. Last year, your rage was 63. Time to let one go. That's not a party for Puma Cardi. Now you're 64. Oh, hey. We rolled up to... I'd like to say these words. Happy birthday to you. Two and a beaters once were dead news. John and George are gone. George had cancer, tongue of Shakti didn't survive. Good old wringo, he's still alive. Watchin' up most in holding some weed. In Japan on tour. The wife doesn't need you. The lawyers will bleed you. And you're 64. Oh, hey. Why is the word baby? Get in close with social security, even close to the box. 135, a QM, so anyway, thanks to Jane and Dearfield, formerly a four-larm adult, she says, Who fags in a happy birthday greeting and many many returns. Thanks, Jane. That's for you. That's sweet. Yes, it is. And of course, most of the rest of these people, they were facts in complaints about you. Measurement of master, stuff like that. I think we never say happy birthday. You're a little fan. I'll be dying for your birthday. That's right. Hope on your birthday, you're still in fall and break your neck. And mine, of course, like in a hospice for the rest of your horrible pathetic days. It's stuff like that. It's a soft load of weight. 1291 votes on the pool. We need just 9 for 1300. That's a no-drainer man. It's like he's last two breaks in his shower. What does that all about? We're going to have two two-minute breaks. Is that what you tell me? Yeah, let's tell him. Or we could do one form in a break. But we don't want to do that, though. Why don't we? No. We don't want to do that. That would be bad. Maybe we'll just get out like five minutes early to make it for the time we keep running over because of the smell. And why do you keep running at one long pond of his rejoin? There are those on rotation or do you do you go pick and choose? I pick and choose. Why do you do that? You're the most sadistic bastard, which one would that be? The one more mad dog is going, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. By the way, when you played yesterday and the day before, that run for like a minute, at least 40 seconds, maybe 45, 50, 42, I think. Well, and they're too long. I'm trying to figure out the bad timing here, and I got like a short bit on there. There's an arrow over 40 seconds. So, and then George's just to me with the straight face this morning. Did you really want me to talk to somebody about those regions? Yeah, no, I just was kidden, George. Or so? I want you to go in there and jump up and down on the desk and pee all over their forehand. Yeah, I know, Bert. You said it on. Yeah, you know, during the show. Yeah, that's right. And reality like those regions, because it gives you something to that's about like an old woman. A teenager carrying a Bible and shouting, I want Jesus, where shocked twice with a police tongue gun and later died at St. Louis Hospital, 30 said, well, I guess maybe he got to me Jesus. That's right. I want Jesus and then Christ. In the statement obtained this week by the Associated Press Police in Jerseyville about 40 miles north of St. Louis to 17 year old Roger Holyfield would not acknowledge officers who approached him and he continued yelling, I want Jesus. Police tried to calm the team, but how a Holyfield became competitive according to statement. Officers fired the stun gun and a matter of ignored their warnings and then fired again when he continued struggling, Holy said, Holy Holyfield was flown to the St. Louis Cardinals. Oh, that is actually such a place. St. Louis's Cardinal Glenn and Hospital after the confrontation Saturday and died there's Sunday. And Othough see his plan, the statement expressed similar to a Holyfield's family, but said, city and police officials wouldn't discuss the matter no further. Calls to Jerseyville Police, he bred black or be. We're not immediately returned. The department's been using stun guns for about five months. And report released in March, international human rights group, and the international, said it had been logged at least 150 things deaths across the country and last five years related to police stun guns. The rise in deaths of companies a market increase in the number of US law enforcement agencies employed by his made by Taser International of Scott Ferrisona. About a thousand of the nation's 18,000 police agencies used Taser's in 2001 more than 7,000 government sent him last year according to a government study. Police had used Taser's more than 70,000 times as of last year. MSD International is a police department's suspended newspapers, pending more study. Taser International said the group's count was flawed and falsely linked deaths to Taser use when there's been no official such as such official conclusion. They said they have seen Lewis also due on water detention for crime this week when it was named the most dangerous US city by more than Quinoa press. And we talked about that. So, stood out once a year that again, right? So, it was news. And our two shots that we didn't get more floor to cities on that pool and that the posting I was with was the 25th safe city living who now wants to live in, poor St. Luzley man. I want to speak in a video. It's there's time for you from the hero with our trench coat. But is the liability for Charlie? We're not going to be able to report to the police. We're going to be able to report to the police. We're going to report to the police. We've been going to report to the police. The overall polls. The general polls are a little higher here than certainly than the Republicans would like. But not quite as high as they are across the board. I think what he's looking to do, it's fairly obvious is to get into. How come you're not outing Charlie Christie, who's the time to figure out just because he's a Republican and going to be the next governor? Is that the reason? You idiot, you quiz like you. You're fairie. 1290 said more creep in the lawn. We'll get to that 1300. They're doing this play with our emotions enough. I was stupid enough to say, well there's no drama here. No suspense here. So they'll probably come in. The last three votes will come in like one about seven minutes apart. When you think going this crowd. Level. They're in a lot of more evil. 140, 20 till 25, 60 W to Q a M. Experience the difference at Mercedes. Bends of Pompano and don't forget. Mercedes Bends of Pompano doesn't matter. What time of the bunch of purchase of evil? It's the beginning of the month of the month of the month. You always get the best deal going anywhere. Whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes Bends of Luxury Sedans, the 2007 GL class, the first Mercedes Bends full size SUV or their large fantastic selection of certified pre-owned cars. When you choose Mercedes Bends of Pompano, you've got over 200 employees dedicated for riding in comparable service offering express lube courtesy vehicles and complimentary car wash. Making a moment through the business development center and dealer miles just like frequent fire miles of your airlines. Browse Mercedes Bends of Pompano's indirects for your final over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles or just go to bendspompano.com, B-E-N-Z. Bendspompano.com. Experience the difference and Mercedes Bends of Pompano just call 1-800 new Bends, any W-B-E-N-Z. 1-800 new Bends you'll find them at 995 and Copen's Road. Mercedes Bends of Pompano, a Mercedes Bends dealer like know whether you have ever seen. The biggest name is the best animal I've saw is this wheel rocker's 4-0-560-U-8-M. Why do you press to your print and print them as beautiful? And it'll come back to restore chaos. But we feel we will. We feel our lives in the place. We feel the lives of our lives. We feel our lives. We feel our lives. We feel our lives. We feel our lives. We feel our lives. We feel our lives. We feel our lives. We feel our lives. We feel our lives. We feel our lives. We feel our lives. We feel our lives. We feel our lives. We feel our lives. Let's see if we lost Kate Manigan. Guess what, pal. We don't like keeping man. How do you like that? I like him. I like him. I like him. Why are you yelling? my Greek salad during that break. You just agreed through the break? Yes, I did Greek in them all three. 13.05 on a full pretty good. Pretty hefty duty. By the way, with those long rejoins, that makes it a free minute break. By the way, you mean the last one? No, the last two. Why are you going to play another one as long rejoin? That would be good this time, because we have a two minute break. Yes. But it's not going to be a whole minute. Well, whatever it is, it appears, you know, we are like some kind of a never-her-self. It's like this pretend to see old days, like I was talking to my yesterday, old crab. See, two people said I talk about too much old crab. I like old crab. That would be a good pull. Yeah, what's better? Old crab or new crab. Look at a crab you like better. Anyway, back in the day when we had the worsty money here, it was all you remember those George always, Robert would come right in there, usually, oh, and I got to be two minutes over. I was going to get over there, they got a very important interview going on. But how would smelly burger or some crab like that, you know? And is if they were just going to stay, kind of like the stern-shows thing, I'm going to just stay on as long as I want to. Oh, yeah, I'll let you know when you start your show. And when I'm done, right, which of course nobody ever heard of. Or if something is important is what they had going on. How can you, you know, how exactly? Anything else, Robin? Anything else? Anything else? Defoe? Defoe? And of course, everyone knows that. Meful was a real. Yeah. Anyway, those were the days. You guys just saw the end of this year. It's going to be nine years. Say it again. Nine years. A QAM. Do you believe that? I guess I have to. Wow. It's gone by since like about only 100. Mm-hmm. But there I go talk about old crap again. They're going to start piling up on that. Advocates for civil freedoms are expressing their concerns with the recent rise of VNA databases, natural journals, technology data reports with certain shares one of your favorites and we did that religiously. Speaking at a Washington DC event hosted by the AC or you civil integrations this week, Saturday, many perceived risks of VNA databases rights winter case and overlaps on these databases could undermine criminal justice and AC or you science advisor who warned of possible misuses of data related to race or sexual orientation and called for a more extreme of databases until more as known. Casey wrote that a UC Irvine professor said he's concerned that criminals will develop increasingly sophisticated ways to ask model or enforcement and that any databases should be more open to the public. By the way, I mentioned the Charlie Christie day. Not that I might say it there for you just to have a break. You just hold a crap. And I'll read that. Remind of that because there's that 10 hagret car. And it's just over and over. Never used the last one. And you're going to come in through and people are tired of it. Well, it is a living down the door. You're right. So guys, I mean, it is the stereotype of the evangelical leader who rails against homosexuality is of a closeted gay man who's doing lines of crystal math with a- There you go. Put the vote time back on. Talk to you. And AC and you stay with St. Congress in some state legislative recently voted to allow for the permanent retention of DNA following arrests. They said they moved to include information on innocent people in the databases is worrisome and should be opposed. DNA samples should be destroyed once investigation are over they we see. According to the president's DNA initiative, all states have perversion that allow for the collection of DNA profiles from offenders convicted of particular crimes. Currently they say 44 states require samples from all adults convicted of felonies. These success governments software programs that operate multiple databases of DNA profiles from convicted of offenders is demonstrated by the thousands of matches that have linked serial cases to each other the website for the president's initiative said. However, Helen Wallace the deputy director of gene watch UK said the chances of solving your crime with the database have not significantly improved in recent years on Monday British Prime Minister Tony Blair reportedly called for the country's national DNA database to be expanded to include every citizen. How do you like that? That's freaking Tony Blair. That's what I've to say to him. But you know, it's really too bad what's the name is on mother or Tucker today because I thought maybe a reader would be on that's why I turned over to MSNBC and there's no reader. Well, how would that who the only exam, right? Right. We don't have our girlfriend reader on there. We don't need the NOS NBC. Kathleen Hennessy, I wonder if she's kind of walley. Right? No attack. No people seen in the vada video. A partial review yesterday of surveillance video from a parking garage where women said the Republican candidate for governor saw the dirt did not reveal the presence of either person or any attack. A judge who were in police released 16 hours in surveillance video to lawyers for representative Jim Gibbons and Christie Mazeal who accused the candidate of pushing her against the wall inside the garage October 13 and propositioning her after the two had race together at a nearby restaurant. Given the 61 a marriage five turn congressman from Reno has denied any impropriety says he helped Mazeal when she trip while walking toward the garage. Mazeal's accusation out on her investigation by police has launched a media frenzy and can still give it's governor to her. I'll bid in the final stretch of the tight race against a senator Dina Titus or is that T. This we can't say T. This I'm sorry. Not anymore. The associate of press reviewed sequences of tapes provided by Givinslor during the timeframe when Mazeal ate 32 year old Las Vegas strip casino waitress since he was assaulted. But the AP was not able to view the tapes in their entirety and was unable to review every camera running during the hour before Mazeal was 9 11 calls to the police. Camber released two eight hour tapes to the AP. The news organization view tape from nine to the 15 cameras recorded in the period of nine 15 p.m. to 10 30 p.m. Mazeal first couple is a 10 22 p.m. and a study of salt occurred in your elevators in front of the police officers and we can see them. It's a 90 p.m. It's a 90 p.m. The vapor was in the list of two cameras. But a beep of the booth above. Givinslor done a battle set has been sold by a security company and the tape it was not recorded in their gay rise. Campbell said he had not viewed these tapes in their entirety because the video could be properly watched only in an out of date device called a multiplexer. We must have one of those if it's out of date we got it. According to notes from police investigators really did buy Campbell one of the two video showed footage from 15 cameras in the parking garage across the street from the restaurant the tapes to Campbell they give him's campaign so the tapes have been distributed to other media outlets and it goes on and off he did this and she did that and you know nobody's got any ideas and his solutions and he agenda all they got is just smear and smear man that's all they got if you've been you know paying any attention to all of these campaigns pretty much that's they all degenerate down to that smear and smear right absolutely I mean if anybody got any good ideas out there anybody got any concept of what we ought to do to get ourselves out of the quagmire and Iran all any of these things nothing 13 13 man are you're excited about that or what a natural I'm a pool I was asking where you're excited of course you know your about his excitables a dead man about the pole yeah well why not I could you can lie about it pretend that you care oh yeah whoa whoa it's like I'm excited about the kings and Virginia takes him on the dolphins and the bears on Sunday huh oh yeah then I'm gonna be so watching that game oh who are the pictures playing this week or can't be the cool scan at all like I said I don't care about sports never have never will Neil talks too much about the a 13 every 19 votes which we appreciate very very much your tremendous enthusiastic involvement don't we now 13 19 talks too much I hate this pool 274 20.7 percent they just hate maybe instead of I hate this poll which is just put I hate on their every day and as a you know there's a place to go for that L.A. audience that we're proud that's a place to go where you can vent yeah we understand Neil talks too much about these dumb pools through 18 just like he's reading again right now we've heard it we've heard it enough horse racing 162 hockey 147 how about those panthers any entry none zero management 105 politics 97 almost of 85 sales holes 73 third deputy bush 63 and then it's a big drop down a religion only 36 because we got a really gigantic even crowd you're all gonna burn in hell I'll say that I'll be well I'll be seen to there religion 36 sports 33 which I don't get that at all but that's yeah who knows food 24 and I'll all crap too only two that's been on there for quite a while hasn't maybe the like old crap what ever think of that it's possible what could possibly be wrong with old crap depends on the crap I reckon and the order you get the more old crap you have in your mind unless you got to like you know people minded or something like that you think oh this happened I know I've said this before but it's true as you get older the one thing that happens and it it's weeks up on you you don't even realize it and you think about something that happened in the past and you used to say oh you know 10 years ago such and such happened and then before you know you're thinking of yourself about things that happen like 40 some years ago right 40 years ago oh my god right and then you start thinking of yourself I'm a real old farm and of course you absolutely are you know biggest name so best now I'm still the basis we own Rogers course until 560 Oh You know my mom wanted just like you did before Well maybe not a lesson if you didn't understand But when it comes down we do don't care Even those women who goes up hard Right in it up with a pony roll Braze your son on my mom And just like you did before As you be, try to build, make me want to do Cause have your soccer ball and you'll be on your son back Anything you thought that they needed You got a baby for everybody You got a baby with your son Go to the farm farm farm Just like you did before All right Go to the farm farm farm I'm out of the gut Go to the farm farm farm Go to the farm farm What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? You want to get a son set up the war And have to be strong All the boys who win the Zavans Street Saying that I know that I'm like it Baby, folk, we're going to bump up on your life like people I think you're some kind of fun Just like you did before All right Go to the farm farm farm farm farm farm Just like you did before All right, go to the farm farm farm Go to the farm farm farm farm Go to the farm farm farm Go to the farm farm Go to the farm farm Go to the farm farm farm Go to the one Go! Go! Go to my mod