Now you know what you've been talking about is a show for Matt at town. It's all the stress out of it. Is that it not around all the slag? I hear that echo. It may have been big time. Sounds like we got, oh, that's a different way. Maybe I spoke too soon. Just below me. Well, why? What is that? You can't move in. This is getting very stressful. This is Neil there. You can't hear me at all. Can you guys hear me? Oh, yeah, I hear you. But you can't go one. And all of this ridiculous reverb. Apparently, you have a board object around Neil. Oh, yeah. So we can't make the link from Tulsa, the Toronto. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I hear you. Hello, world. It's QAM again. And I'm here at Isjuz. Big, loud reverb. Anyway, we tried. Neil Rogers coming up, folks. I'm sure he'll have something meaningful to say. Is it a hello? Hello. Hello. Hello. Go everyone. Welcome to the wine twice. You don't hear me now. We're out of here. Neil Rogers coming up. Thanks, everybody, for today. We will see you again on Monday tomorrow. The Dolphin Digest Guys will be in the do the show. And they'll be talking draft the course. And don't forget our draft show. Ten o'clock Saturday morning. QAM time right now is 10 a.m. The views expressed on the previous programs are those of the host, guests, and collars. And you're not referring to anybody here. We're not on here. Do you know that echo back again? I don't know how to do this. And people are insane. You're not your own. I am. For the waterdale. For the waterdale. For the waterdale. Only in the phenomenal of thunder is coming. Only in Miami. I hear the voices. I listen to all voices, Neil. I hear the voices. And he's his hero. And he's here. And he's here though. I hope I'll get to leave there. So right now. Bearer will be there. He was loved when you get back anywhere. All the water in your are a beautiful, sophisticated, I'm the designer. All right. What was the good decision? Don Rumsfield is doing a fine job. And I like the idea of blowing up love's biggest. Yeah. That's the city of Sydney. Anyway, I'll be however one of those there is just a thing. Up. Where's the very chimpanzee? Who's been more of that week? The worried. She makes great decisions with you. And we can't help being lost. She uses real and holding back an A. It's not that high. Fire voice reports for a. Is that you? It's very cold, be it? And then I choose. And it looks like a dog today. I hope these guys have stopped. I'm the designer. Or a little sexy when he says, like, it falls. He runs in the woman. I wish not. More voice reports for a source. All of us. All of us. We're here in Voices. All right. Echoes. Yeah. Right. All of us. What was that all about? Yes. We still don't know. Every day we set new lows in broadcast history. Now you understand what I mean? Now was I actually going out on the year when I was going on? What was the deal? Because Hank obviously couldn't hear me. And I'm hearing this read a lot of reverb. I mean it was like, just, what was that? We don't know. Probably somebody in the control room, Potsking around again. Probably Lady Martez. I think you were. We're setting. We're set. The way they're always. Our settings were set. Right. And you heard the results. And I was here. And the hump I guess thought I was trying to. Or something. I don't know what he was thinking. Or I think we know exactly what happens when things like that. I don't know. How would you know that? Because he works here. Don't tell me it's the QMFM way. Is that what you're going to say? Did you just hear that part? God. I beg your pardon? Good. Let's see. Who's one for today's pool? Some of you just asked him. Look at that. Just relax. Okay. Mr. Unsigned. Wow. That was the epitome of what's going on here, man. And of course we got the big, a winner rating bill coming out Tuesday morning, 1130. That should be really. Oh, no. Y'all be again today, two to four. If you didn't get up and get up and get up yesterday, you got more today, two to four. Oh, God. Mad Dog at the sofa. Kings between four and seven. That hurricane hotline is seven. Nobody listens to that. Curious eight to ten that he came ten a clock tonight. No ball game. Marlon's one game last night. That's not going to play. You're all four tomorrow. Seven to five right there in Chicago. It would be pretty pretty for you. And the good news is the game when on the clearance tells me until six. So instead of like five hours ago, we only had four. Oh. Yeah, that was. That thing we just had there. That's the epitome of what's going on here on this new regime. We always had our problems before, but now it's just. No, it's just. No, it's it's the same times about three I would say. It's worse. Much worse. Because at least in the past, they didn't pretend that they knew what they were doing. They just, you know, showed up with a bad haircut and the birth brother suit. But this guy walks around. Hey, Palaya. In fact, he reminds me, speed of that to high up, Palaya. Hi, Palaya. You old's land hand and a pet on the back always be very wary when that pet on the back gets a little bit low. Right, though. I'm saying, be nervous about that. Be very, be afraid. Well, speaking of being afraid, thank you again Mr. President for your low gas prices. He's got to do something about it. If you just relax, Exxon mobile, the world's largest publicly traded world company today. We've forks quarterly profit has surged. Driven by rising oil prices. And of course, that leaves bare the end of this whole lie about well of because the emission standards and the refining of a by a ride. Net income in the first quarter for Exxon mobile was 8.4 billion dollars. That was their net income, the first quarter. I think I'm feeling nauseous again. Revenue jumped to 88.98 billion from 82.05 billion last year. There are six billion dollars and you people are paying through the nose in the old hose. Phew! Whatever you call it, they're at the pump. You're getting pumped. Crut oil prices have risen steadily from about 20 bucks to barrel in 2002 to over 75 bucks last week and banned our bushes rubbed in time like together. So happy. But the fat profits of angry US drivers grappling with rising gas prices in broad chart criticism of big oil from lawmakers and consumer advocates and what are these days going to get around to do something about it? They're going to just grab the tiger by the tail and swing it. So if I were you, I'd boycott Exxon mobile. I could be early day. What a jerk. What an idiot with that chain. I've worked on. Don't drive. Okay, get out your bicycle. Get out your little moped. A little moped needs gas too, but never to laugh. That's right. What doesn't run on gas? How much have we talked yesterday? If I maybe the kids with those, whether they conjaged the scooters? No, they healies. They heal. They heal with the wheels. Oh yeah. Yeah. They heal. They healies and just zip your way right off to school and to work it wherever. What a good call. Call of cart. Zip yourself right to downtown Miami because understand that's the cultural center. That's the epitome of the universe. George got a chance to see that fact that's going from for me. Just had a belly lamp. In fact, that's inspired me for tomorrow's poll. But downtown, because I'm sure that most of you right now are on your way to downtown. You're shopping and dropping. Yeah. I can't wait to get back to town so I can check out all the new paradise in downtown Miami. I'll build things at the big shopping mall. Oh my god. See all the new homeless people down there can be real tweet. Here's yesterday's poll. See, this is what got Mitch from South Beach angry. That's what inspired him. I'm giving out bad information. And my numbers are in the tank and I'm going down the queue. Although it's possible because, you know, when you're on the Titanic, you may be a real good swimmer. But that didn't help you too much. Because once it hit rock bottom, rock bottom, that was the end of that. A two-themed morning will find out. And we'll find out of everybody's really going across over there. And not that it has anything to do with our audience because we don't do us foreshows. So the fact that these people are obsessed have like a nervous craft about the 790 every day. We don't really care about them that much because I'm still confident that they're not going to be doing them. They'll never crack a two-themed or midday a man, no chance. But we'll see Tuesday morning if they're doing it. That's what Jimmy Stiffle says tell them people and Joe Rose, and all the other people are work over there. What best describes most of this South Florida residents? We had 167 vote. Brain dead. That was my vote. And it wins hands down your pants. 270. Brain dead. Now it's too bad we didn't have two other categories because I couldn't spell out when I was a bubbly, bubbly, bubbly, bubbly. Yeah, we couldn't spell out when we were. That blue. A whole 247. What I've tried Josh. Yeah, right. Late addition to somebody called him with that one and the A whole when all the way up to second. I would have voted for that. 247. So many A holes and so little time and so forth. Most of them are on a highway by the way. Or her. Look to your right and look to your left. You'll probably see several A holes. Elegals, 179. And they're all screwing away from those construction sites like crazy like the cockroaches. Now. Don't come back. They're not so okay for real. Let's keep starting that room every day. Yeah, right. Oh, by the way, they're coming after you today. It's a raid. Right. In fact, they're bringing a big exercise to Canada. I mean, yeah. That's what they do to go after your legals with big can. I need average. 169. But that's that is the highest compliment you could play south Florida average. 100 is done. If south Florida is average, that tells you a lot about what's wrong with the US. You know, we got a bunch of things to say. Rude 101. Rude up, not justly. We got a bunch of separate. Rude 101 in saying 97. I guess that covers for. And a blue. Go blue. Put them together. That's what you got in saying. Final Americans 82. Good fight up. Standing Americans. Just like everybody else. Just like the people in Massachusetts and Wisconsin. That's right. Regents 80. I can't go ass. Okay. Oscar is just. He's. He's doing the be two. After there's 65. Loser is 63. High-style 62. Way to go. I've got just 42. Nasty 25. Schmidt 16. I was really looking to put that on there because that's about as low as you can go to call people. Schmidt. But 16 people said they agree with it. And then anvil. I mean, anvil. No, we really can't say anvil. So anvil 9. Can you say anvil? I have an arrow log watch. There you go. I got an eagle log watch. Two is matter for. Anyway, so that's yesterday's pool. We're looking to speak in a pool. People, people, people. Yeah. That's a good. Guess who topped the list of the top 100. I give you an audio clue. Okay. If we let it get to round. Oh, that's a little female. Angel. We're missing that anvil in the savings of boys. She is not the most beautiful woman in the world. But nevertheless. Yeah. And I got to show her. I didn't get her right under the rest of this. She's got that pregnant glow. I mean, I'm going to give you two a pool for a pool. Yeah. Picking glow. I'm going to get started to a KB homes for a while. Could have warned me before. We're still trying to figure out who the father is. Okay. Susan, the columns. She talks like that. I got to be kind of critical. I said. She's kind of a girl. They started her for me. And I've quite so I'm like, never been public in. She talks a little like you, remember man. I look a little like her. Two is matter for me. I think that's two women with a weight. You're already with me. Okay. Certainly. I'm going to be pulled out. We're supposed to her again. Katrina and her responses. It wasn't good. Yeah. My whole whole day. Seth showed his best play by place for his cancer of all time is we got 48 votes and we'll be hard pressed to make that 1000 a day during the show. We made a 1000 even on a short show yesterday. Easy George. He will not you here. Ah, dear. George was pivoted. It's got so yesterday. And the good news is I got this morning. I thought for sure. I'd be handing the ball over to George. My throat was a little on a. I'm just get over the ass into the flu. But then all of a sudden after I did all the appropriate things and they sacrificed the chicken sacrifice to chicken and put my mizzosa on the door frame. All of a sudden, I have things cleared up just fine. Rick Weaver. He got my vote. Mr. Weaver don't make mistakes. He was good. He wasn't maybe the nicest guy that ever came down the pike. He swanied right out of the table. He was at a place as I could have asked anyone to be to me. I wonder where he is now. He was in on clear straight right now. Rick Weaver 85 86. He was the signature voice of the dolphins and just sports and he was a real pro. And of course nobody cares whether you're I mean only a bunch of idiots. Why we work with the mni would be so we got to know him a little bit. The interesting part of it is during the time that he worked at IOD. I never really had that much dealings with him. I knew that he will call these tell me how bad Rick smell. I never heard him smell like that. I never thought that. I thought right. I still have many times never smell like that. I love he. I love he. I love that problem. Maybe did. But when he you know after he left one day he came back. He had moved over to this is after his lifetime. And he moved to Mississippi. Right. And one day I think it was out of weekend that I was in there like dubbing stuff and doing some work for the show. Which what a idiot I was back in those days. And he came in. He was coming into pick up some stuff or whatever he said. And man he was like my long loss best friend. I like I did tell you about the the colors and Rick Weaver in his wife. And I we had dinner one time and boy I'll tell you talk about self absorbed. That's all he talked about was Rick Weaver. The whole time. Yeah. I did this and I did. You don't mess with Mr. Weaver but he was a great talent though he really was. Mr. Mr. He's dead now. Yeah. Weaver 86 and happens to the best of us he's dead. I hate this pole 70. I hate sports 70. See there's that good Sapphola. Hate. Although in downtown I mean there's no hate. This is love everywhere. Love is in the air. Oh yes. Why saw a biography the other night Andrew Koonan. Well, I was the door. He still dead. I think it wasn't him that thought he that they took out of that house. I think it was somebody else. Andrew Koonan. And I look at that house. And I keep thinking all the times we've all driven by that thing. I wonder if it's still there. No. Remember think. Oh, dude. It's staying. But I heard. Yeah. They see the fellow. The funniest part of it is that they surrounded the thing. And they fired all the gas houses. And they were. He dead for hours. You know. That they. It can be too short. You know that Latino Husky for always like offshining off the pillows. And you know whatever. That they were what they've got. Yeah. He had heard the gunshot because I guess Koonan figured his time was up. And he heard the gunshot. And he got into the door. And he blew his brains out. And they're like all gathered around. You know. And he's inside dead. And I remember they didn't even show this. They didn't show that the first time they came out and said it was nobody in there. Remember that? And that's because the. The smoke that they poured inside. They the whatever they call those things. Uh, was so great. I created. They couldn't see anything. Then they went back in a second time. And they're all there. He was in bed. Lied. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. Wow we have to come up. Yes. Select a. Can get it. descub thing. Go. Yeah. You Not proven. Really becoming the. I don't. They know I. They can be. You see. They were. Complete. Okay. It is. I got it. O'Leigh-Kaw, low-nilly, Lenkasp, where seven Jeff Rimmer, six, Mark Vandabir, five, Dave Halberstam, five, although he does sense a nasty homotoxin every forum. Tugs McDonald's, for Chris Moran, three, Dave and horns only got three, he is boring. Jimmy Siffle is three, Dave's trader and rich waltz, Dave's trader is the TV voice of your Florida Panthers, he's got none, and rich waltz has got none, and there's really so he's brutal. So that's, that Marlon's one last night, the yesterday when everything had all was, they won't lose today, and I do believe they come home for a, is it Colorado, the, who they come home against tomorrow? I'm not sure. Oh, come on. You know, this comes during the payroll anymore. Don't just jump off the bad wagon because they're going to lose over 100 games or season that's bad. I got to hear somewhere, they keep refaction the schedule so many times, like I said, they're home against the Colorado Rockies. Maybe they didn't win two or three. Have a bite of it. Me too. 10 14, don't sit your sights too high, then you'll only be disappointed. Don't forget this. Oh, my baby did it, he did it, he did it, he did it, go home. Absolutely. Just two young dudes, both of them. I've only eaten no home. I've used a pre-dinous ramp, but got in trouble with a law, now they wish they weren't fallen. Watching a crew, I enter hills. I'll prove they're innocent, now where their lawyers probably will. Take them away. Do the court roll now. They can't live without one, then the campus will out. Go, go, go, go, go. Just two young dudes, four of them. Go ahead. From the duplicate cross team. Make sure they're done and hand out over the land. They got their drinks on TV. So somebody facts it before the show and says, also add WIODs, Mike English to the pole. Who does the heat change on a radio, I guess? Have you ever heard in Josh? No. Says I've seen him at the games he looks like a shrub, but would you hear my radio? He's as good as he gets. Kind of like me. Looks like a shrub, but he's as good as it gets on a radio. That's me. So Mike English, ING, LIS. I wonder if he's speaking English. Do you think? Probably. I think it might be pronounced singles, but what do I know? Well, it says here, ING, LIS. Okay. I think it's English. Oh, and maybe it's L. I don't know. It's not that clear. You've already put it on there. So let's go with it. It's English. See, I thought it was Spanish. What on anyway? So this most beautiful, you know, the only reason I even bother with this every year is because First of all, it's all subjective, but secondly, they always pick a lot of really marginal people. And there are a lot of people out there who say, well, what would you know about beautiful women? Trust me, I know a beautiful women when I see one. And can be even more objective about it. But nevertheless. I'm going to use the first guy. I'm looking on their website, people magazine. And they don't have the list per se. They want you to do out by the magazine. It's the new stance tomorrow by the way. I'm sure you'll update out their grab and the magazine too. So is the first guy on here? I see a Washington. Do you know who that is? No. Sounds like a doc. He plays a doctor on Grey's Anatomy. And there's a picture of this dark, complicated guy. Now, don't get me wrong. There's plenty of fine looking, dark, and perfective guys like Malcolm for example, Schermar more. But the more I see this guy, the more ugly he looks. He is nasty looking. Of course, Josh says that he would prefer what had been a white guy. But 27. You should have heard what he said yesterday. I can still try to get over that. I'm not sure he doesn't either. I'm sure he got. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. He said it was led to MVP. What's the guy? What's the guy? It's the next guy. Steve and I's going to be the MVP. We had the big scoop on that. In the NBA. It's awesome. Well, that's because there's only seven-marked guy in the league. You got to love that? Mike and Melbourne said, just got a new card. It came with three months free of XM radio. It's okay, but the aim reception on the things sucks to be a conspiracy. They have a major league baseball broadcast and a promo for the DLA play. They van horn. I noticed you didn't put yourself on the pole, but it won't tell me to the Kings baseball games. Now, I'm not into this padding myself on a back, self-flage, and I'm not in my bag. Obviously, I did a great job on UN baseball, and I'm an outstanding. I would do hockey a thousand times better than some of these pretenders, but that's not the direction I went in because all the little bit X-Jocks were getting the jobs. So, I decided, well, I'm going to do a little something else. Maybe we make a few bucks on that. And look how it turned out. Looky, looky here. As McRenary used to say, looky, looky, looky here comes Koofi. And I still know what that means, but it was cute. Remember what he used to say that? Yeah, I do. They got package deals. I'm a smack winner. Here's a good guy. How are you? Evelyn Gory is on here. Very, you'd like this picture, man. Yeah. Not make it away, I think, but she's just lying in a very selective pose, and she looks really Smoked. He looks good for any angle. No, she's like, oh, oh, no. I had some bacon this morning. It started to come back a little bit. The next guy here, I'm looking through. You have to click these one at a time, click the next button. They got these big pictures. World's most beautiful people. James Blunt. He, I don't like it to grow test, but I've had VMs that look better in him. What is that name? Oh, I don't know what that is. Oh, he topped the charts with your beautiful. Oh, that guy. Oh, cut the army. He, he looks like a bad bout of months. That is the worst song that they play every Thursday. Like the song, you love a whole. Oh, he's the hotdog thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's the hotdog thing. He's the hotdog thing. Not a dancing role here. See, how come they can find a beautiful woman? But the guys, oh, here's a new one. You'd love this. Yeah, yeah. Sorry, you'd love Heather Lockler in this pose. Yeah, I love that. I've got to go to the people's website. Oh, I look. I guess that has to be a racial saying. Aren't there any good looking might folks? Terrence Howard. The Oscar nominee. What's that was he in? Terrence Howard. That's how familiar was he? What's the guy in crash? I don't know. Oh, yeah, that's right. He was the husband. Remember? She was like, I can't say she was doing him in the van. I figured you would have approved it. What do you mean by that? He's kind of why he complies. He isn't okay looking guy. But he's, uh, I don't know. He's just, you've had an on the script. Okay. That's a good description. Yeah, he's not a good on the script. He's not a hot looking guy. He's just a guy. That's all. But he's a lot of things that the world and fire now takes to that movie. Well, I'm not talking about that kind of hot hot in the wallet. Thenic a Patrick. She, uh, I don't know the pictures from like a long distance. And she's getting ready to hop on her scooter. She's very getting ready to mount it. But, uh, she's, she looks pretty good from a distance. But, uh, it's hard to make a judgment. You know who that is? Thenic a Patrick. She's the race car driver. No, I don't think I've ever seen her. No, she's not. Yes, she is. Zijan. Oh, she me a man. If you look up me a Skype and at the Jewish dictionary, you'll see her picture next to it. I want to find this exactly what's the name of it. Talk what sexiest hottest. What's the world's most beautiful. No, just go to people magazine. Go to their website. Go to the people people.com. Actually, it's people.au.com. When you get to the people and then you'll see a list around the left side. There are all the different things and most beautiful people. 2000 says click on that. It'll take it where I am now. And then you click by these one by one. Zijan. She is nasty looking. God. She. Oh, brother. I guarantee there were specimens in my backyard. But I had my dogs. Oh, I've a Levine. Now, I like I've a Levine. Contrary to Josh, I like her music. I don't think she's even looked warm much less hot. I think he's in the world. She's very cute. She's now. See, look at man. She's like one step away from what's in it. Oh, no. Brandon Ruth. Who the hell is he? Oh, he's from one life to live and he is another ugly guy. This this could be the 100 most overrated looking people. I ain't getting anywhere. Rachel, Wilson. You're not, you can not on here. No, I can't. It won't come up. I mean, they're having an internet problem or something. It just won't go there. Do me a favor. Please. People don't. They're going to listen to me. Yeah. Google people magazine. Can you do it? Can you handle that? Is this a little bit first thing I did? Yeah. I'm on it, but it's really slow. No, mine's a mine's like lightning, man. Well, the Tampa Bay right here. There must be inside the building. Oh, no. No, Vene and Ruth. Is this guy also a dark, complexed guy? Can you actually make it? What do they want to tell me? No, Vene. What we're having in a internet problem is something here. Or people is. I don't have any idea who he is or what he does. I'm reading this thing. I'm not sure if he's going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he's going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he's going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he's going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he's going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he's going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he's going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he's going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he's going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he's going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he's going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he's going to be a good guy. I'm not sure if he's going to be a good guy. Today you're getting the food or is it tomorrow? Melting pot. Tomorrow. That's something we need to look forward to. I'd be on Friday's. Now, find a dry, dry, dry, dry. Josh and Georgia are going to be dipping it. We're going to learn to do it. But a big smile on your face because the melting pot is unbelievable. The experience of thousands times more than it used to be back when they first started back in my study. There's no more beautiful people. Just loaded. Well, fine. While I'm doing this spot, you can take a sleep low. Probably lose your appetite. Go honey. She vets her eyes and persists their big lips. And it's jolly where's her cheese bill over her head. She's got a real full of sex toys in the wind. That angeline makes guys dance all along. She's got a lot of freedom out of her in the time. So her full of cheese. There's no merit to stay from coast to coast. Your whole pinnacles on this list. She makes sure my hand here won't lie to the coat. And she'll make them make guys dance all along. That's that. She'll start by kicking out her shoes. Let the rain boil over her skirt. And then I'll bring it just can't read it to you. Because she wants you for the skirt. She wants to learn to linger garages and farms. What's to land and know you like to go home? What is the dream that you're getting from? And the wind of my scats pay a small amount of money. Oh my god. Oh my god. She's got all my feet on the whole way forward. You'll lose everything in your divorce. But when you're with her there's no remorse. Angelina makes guys dance all along. That's that. Before you know if you're a zombie or kid. All the way you're like a dog. Let's see if you're like a star. And you'll read a file in her walls. That's the way that this jolly lives like. Maybe you should stay with your wife. She's like playing that attract someone. And she'll lead a Mexican dance ball along. She's not that pregnant, I'd love to. What I do is communicate with the most reading to people magazine. By the way, I got this site work. Yes, still slow. Did you skip past Jessica Albert? No, I mentioned that. Oh, maybe I didn't. Nothing wrong with her. this picture of how really great i'm telling you look i like her a lot but and she's nice Canadian girl by her and i do like a lot of her music is fun but to put her in a category the world's most beautiful people that don't you understand how silly this is what you're always saying because you're a famous the ranty the or in the night is therefore they're hot but i think he's a good person he's cutie uh... cutie is making one of those beautiful people in the world i could go down to the world is a service that idiot the will confess yesterday i could sit there in a shopping mall and you can go to any shopping mall in town there and sit there for an hour just people watch i can go to a group of people who can see no people watch the and then and people are harder than anybody on this list believe me trust me when i tell you believe you know the picture a little female so you're not quite sure but you like to find out how come in week is not on here used to be on this list and i'm talking one thing he's out and on this is a lot of people that's a problem that he's still pretty see he's pretty the knees are based on people that are got to go to the guy's that they got on there yeah yeah and you see what i'm saying he is here we want these guys is not not just not beautiful but really really ugly if it's kind of like a you see what's his on their what's his name from american idhol ryan secret ryan secret i think you have yeah good go ahead i like to watch that which didn't take much ryan secret is that's how to ever year to say in kaka man they got the guy played the new superman on here really big hunger knows if you got him yet no grander mom also that thing over there just i got nauseous looking at it the pill looks at this get back to angelina covers the aggression the cover people is most beautiful people on new stands tomorrow you're all gonna want to go out and grab it it's her fourth time on list but first is the cover girl she looks the most beautiful when she's in the field natural no make up nothing in the field the magazine quote musician my class gene who worked to the right well john john or it is the frog thing well it's because it's uh... Haitian thing work with jolly and a relief effort in he'd he like to have john because you see angelina the angel does get any better than that the magazine does forget a boyfriend Brad Pitt oh please yeah with a make up he's still a pretty good or hurt to children either people in the group who are trying jolly pitland was most beautiful family oh yeah the world may have to wait several more weeks for the rather the brand jelina offspring oh please brand jelina my ass also making a beautiful people list of which until this year is only the fifty hally burry no problem there jelia Roberts and your robbers is not beautiful she's not i like a lot of her movies uh... i have no problem with her uh... you know but she's not beautiful she's got space to be twitter teeth she's not even close to being beautiful okay not even she's not even a stones throw robbing you please okay jord cloney who is about his piece of out is pasty and average looking he i i can't even describe it scroll at your hands and now we're talking wait would you hear the best one you're going to you may have a relapse or the we strap it let me give you a clue here's the second clue go not curste yes no this has to be a sign tells you plot i i i i i i curse the alley is one of the most beautiful women in the world i'm so glad that i'm okay all my shoes it's beautiful when she was thin when we've looked when we've had it birth or hundred years ago he's still doing those spots as he still a cow that's the thing that kills me they got her dolled up in these in these outfits that are so tight that they had probably a stick with it with a with a shoehorn and she still a cow in fact the fact that they got her with those tight outfits i'm just ex-a it makes it look at much worse lions he crest oh and university is so they're all for the quarterback not linder i don't remember what he looks like you know what he looks like jord cloney i'm not gonna ask you you know by the way you were asking about neveen yeah he's the uh... arab on the uh... tv show laws right now which is harder to hell so that's why he's under i see he's the europe he is the token error great all twenty six post models of the NBC game show deal or no deal or also two all twenty six how about bob barker i'll come he was not uh... might as well a bit i got to use for even at the age of hundred and ten he looks better than some of these guys they got on here's somebody faceless in some good news keep jackson apparently started off for the last time keep jackson for the jackson only we got to keep jackson bitter two and here not we got to do the break but finished with play by play forever jackson told us paper out uh... out going out for a new senior citizen and fight a president i can vote for believe in i'm not angry i'm just gonna go off like it all man sit by the quick and this is serving as the primary voice of college football since nineteen sixty seven that's almost forty long excruciating years of that cornpone voice although i do like him the seventy seven year old jackson was also voice of a man at football in all the world season in nineteen seventy is called in the amageally baseball games as well originally plan to retiree t ninety eight college football season and but decided return to the broadcast booth focusing is an out to do these on west coast games this is different he said i'm seventy seven he said that he said that he said that when he's first to us that he was considering retirement we were pretty little twenty-five of the wise but he couldn't put me completely respected the student said executive vice president ABC port city see i was going to talk to hank about this or i wouldn't tomorrow if we can you know hook up at all based on what happened this morning it seems highly unlikely highly silacie that we ever find out what that was all about because you obviously couldn't hear you guys either right so i couldn't hear the studio for some reason oh god you know what what's the use we do the best we can't even possible circumstances all i can tell you folks we just do the best we can and we keep you can our way along and these people man broadcasting aint us that should be they should put a big sign a big billboard out there for that building broadcasting aint us we got six o'clock i can't let four o'clock by the beach boys i might have to crank that baby up but we got six o'clock on the full six eighteen's matter fact they're coming in and chunks and marking was still having a vote we went to all the trouble Josh had a work feverish late to put that on her and we still he's got the big oh so far this is new right i expect to end and for this is five sixteen and beginning to blow the blow the blow the uh who they might collection oh i'm john kerry and when i'm president i'll make life better for all americans including dickchini's gay daughter Mary i will fight or you're a help care rights whether you're single Mary or gay like dickchini's daughter Mary i will work to eliminate the deficit because taxpayers like dickchini's gay daughter Mary deserve better and so i'm number second make your preference clear and vote for me john kerry i'm john kerry and i approve dickchini's gay daughter Mary i think you're ass ten forty six fourteen four eleven a q and we got gildy coming along again oh my god we just gildy intensities days on this station which fits right in with our technical ambiance and they cross over we do with the humfort one of the things i was gonna talk to him about today but unfortunately we didn't get the chance was buried jackasses column idea raises hopes for marlins stadium how do you like that oh my god highly acidity leaders recently one clearance to build on industrial park on eleven hundred acres of land that had been off limits to large scale development are discussing a plan with day counted with the vote property taxes from the industrial park to build a new state and for the florida marlins your florida marlins highly of marlins no and this really i don't know is it really highly worth a sand i don't hi it one a few wait to decide hold your horses now don't be so negative a man highly a mayor who leo robina says he expects to develop our mom to kadina to donate part of the land of the city which would then give it to the marlins have been trying for years to find money to build new state and they to retractable roof but even with lots of public health and team was still about a hundred bucks a hundred million dollars short of the state and it's far to be in all of price tag and that's where the property tax plan would come in they'd count the manager George Burgess and highly accounts of president Steve bobo said the idea is out of discussion bozo it's a viable alternative bird to send the power to need the county commissions approval it's an approach we have agreed make sense for moving quickly though the deal is far from final bury says they successful resolution keep the marlins are recently further with the idea of relocating to sand and Tony in south florida any interest nor anybody care no they've had says you ought to spend your tax money for it you're wrong baby full of crap we have to look at this carefully to see what kind of government could occur here he said the property taxes paid by businesses that look ahead in the best of park will be split nearly evenly half to high alia and half to the county robina said Wednesday Burgess had shares from both governments property taxes would go toward the stadium though robina early in the day city envisioned that no highly money would be used any highly involvement require highly city council approval let's get to what's his name john for any involvement he's got the magic touch everything he touches turns to crap out of the scenario the state and we go out of construction they breathe land fill side i think that's appropriate near the turnpack and hundred and seventy a street could even plan to the industrial park they would include offices and warehouses the marlins who are declining comment on the state mission are facing a may 15 deadline to respond to sand and Tony is proposal by their voters to extend hotel and car rental taxes that would help finance the stadium there the marlins have said they prefer to stay in south florida but had a little less than a tonio they're not going to say that there's no chance of that first of all he's been allowed in a night of ten minutes chance in hell that the city for that and secondly that it's not a big enough market why not to move the buffalo if the proposal goes but why not to say he guess what this isn't a mass sports markets out there that would be the honest answer we just can't make it here why not just a little bit of uh honesty involved here but we can't do that look at all the crowds and do when they were like two things when they want to world series is effective first time i don't remember we call for you to get the second time but actually into the playoff they weren't like so on the first in eighty seven and then finally with a bandwagon jumpers we got all whipped up into a frenzy then we love the marlins when can we go you know or we're lucky if they're given away crap like this weekend or they haven't some big floppy head to where some oh I'm sure they are then all the snorers will be out there oh they give in a way something free let's take the kids let's put grand pine to walker in the car and slap him along everybody gonna get a floppy head and of course then you can sit on your floppy hand right home and what are in your floppy ass mark from hell and deal beats is are in article in the some central they said the photo house represented units they go to the making god we trust the state motto i think you must reward their markets they trust imagine that elected official shoving their personal religious belief down the throw to the people they serve can imagine that sounds like teleband light to me no it sounds like floored to the me mark sounds like jet bush in his red neck legislator's on another note two great sirling hidden film you may want to check out the asphalt jungle i'm sorry you're a steep fall jungle and the killing think i saw the asphalt time to about hundred years ago that's all the ass fall no no must not be a tennis guy how come there's no tennis players on this pool it uses some pretty hot tennis people i guess there's not there right there no they're hot right here is this leave it to the Republicans came up with a real good bandage fix for this gas deal this is this is a hoot everybody that's what i had the i know that she was out talking about Katrina before Susan Collins every american taxpayer would get a hundred dollar remade check to all set the pain of higher upon at least once working it by the way i'm not really sure for oh yeah say here's man q a and hello what what is wrong you'll you're offered you one of the sex people yeah yeah yeah go get lost go back to David Cassie what would you know about women anyway you've faggot idiot two of your Roberts is not beautiful okay i'm sorry i think you present good actress thank you for saying what but she's not beautiful because he's not just he's not he's okay she's just okay in fact i would say she's average looking at best like there's even wrong with her but you know if she weren't an actress and you saw her in the shopping mall you wouldn't look a second time if i would look the first time you know not one of those women that you stop it like in your trash hey really cow and like look you know check out her ass on a way by you just wouldn't do that i i've got her but then again the guy with the eyes you such a pozo man he's just jealous because Susan days still popular in David Cassie he faded into oblivion there's a tear the way around they're both oblivion grow up already we'd have please i think you asked that's right George says just come to rather one of his appearances i think you asked right he's gonna bring lady martesalong as his personal assistant anyway can i get back to this thing every american taxpayer we get a hundred dollar rebate checked to offset the pain of higher pump prices for gasoline under amendments sent a republicans hope to bring to a hotel today who hundred dollars that's it fill up your tank what about half ways however the GOP energy package may face tough sledding because it also includes a controversial proposal to open partly arctic national wild dive review didn't last into oil exploration which most democrats in some other republicans oppose democrats are also expected to offer their own competing proposals members of both parties jockey for political opposition on the gas price issue did i say thank you mr. president for those low gas prices and also that punk never call the specs since he said that back to the election huh or back after the invasion the iracatap which now everybody the world knows was bogus was based on a pack of lives they had also that all cooked up from the beginning from the get-go right but of course they needed some major event like nine love to take place to give them the green light so the public was sit back and and uh allow it to take place and people would you know offer themselves up to be human sacrifice over there like the twenty four hundred nearly who are dead now but other than that do your robber says not beautiful okay it's not not only not one of the most beautiful people in world but she's not not beautiful period she's adequate she's marginal looking good actress who in fact it will be elected the best in was the one where she was uh the husband was crazy and beat the top of leaving with the other sleeping with the enemy or as a good movie you still haven't seen even though it's a it's much palmy hood and i resisted seeing it but i i'm guessing i wish i did air in brock of it yes i have you saw it fine i seen it okay because you hadn't there for one i seen it all right it was okay she's good she's a lot of she takes a lot of I know it is she takes a lot of heat and a lot of crap for whatever reason that we don't know i guess people have like her or maybe it was the fact you got married to uh a lot of love and people are running well was that all about that's what my good i'm so i'm surprised he's not on this list of the most beautiful people in a world well you know to eat its own there's probably somebody thinks that the guy with the eyes is one of the most beautiful people in a world i mean you know worked for her in monster in John Kerry good news from Iraq baby gunman killed the sister of her wax new vise president Baghdad today my soon al hashimi sister of uh tarik al hashimi and her driver will kill my foregum and bmw and the alan lerong rou b5.. al hashimi is secretary general of the wreckiest loading party is called in the pants for these she forced to put down a rest peak it was a second killing al hashimi's media family in two weeks On April 13, his brother Machmut Al-Hachimi was shot dead while grabbing him, and mostly she had area of Eastern Baghdad. Meanwhile, because things are going so well, senior military officials said yesterday that General George Casey, the top U.S. commander in Iraq, has tended to plans to reduce U.S. troop levels there by about 30,000. By the end of the year. Casey said he's still on his general timeline for recommending for the U.S. troop productions. That's because things are going so smoothly and so well. Well, we're fine. That's right. Things are going P.T. keen, at least for some of the people still live, not the ones that don't have electricity, and the ones who leave home every day in terror, terrified that they're going to wind up dead or the rest of their family. 650 votes on the poll. I think we still got a shot today, 6654. South Florida's best play by place sports character of all time Rick Weaver, I hate this poll as moved to the top. I'll screw you. 107. Too bad. I think it's a fine poll. You know, years ago, Rick Weaver 106, I hate sports 85. Hated. Too angel 64. I heard 53. Now, sunny was a good guy, but no comment. Bill's imperfect, he won. I don't know what to say any about. Table Brian 33, more Howard David 33, board. A sure missed the moment. Now, that was a bad mistake, Joe. Bad mistake. Cut list the moment. He was the secret weapon. Luke Schamby 28, Eric Reed 19. Let's get a lot more Eric Reed talking to Rich Keith about the heat on the year. Gellie 15. Wow. Joseph Gackie 14. Those two are like in lockstim. Dave Halberstim. 10. Mark Vanumer. Only eight. What was wrong with him? Nothing. He just wasn't here long enough. Oh, Len Casper 7. Jeff Remer is got six. Judge McDonald five. Dave and Horn all went to four. He is zooming up there. He's tired with Jimmy Scythelus with four. Chris Moran's got three. Mike Engels English got one. Spividing lace. Dave's Raider and Rich Wellesso far both had got the big. Oh, and Josh is deserve a least so. Dave's face. He's Neil Roger. He's from the Walters. He's five 16. 15. A. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your going. Any questions? Other's agents give you cars. Other's agents give you cars. But we're going to give you what you really want. Because we're going to make you. The dollar. House of Wether up there. That's right. You'll be able to look down women's dresses. See what people hide. I'm a topsofer refrigerator. Make millions of dollars playing for a old basketball. Don't be tallant if you're tall enough. Just be the fifth color. When you hear this sign. And we'll shape your head and grab on the layer. After a layer of skin, I filled your 7. But three eight. Mostly four head. This station accepts no liability in the event of your body. Regentsants. Because of the nature of the procedure, your eyes will remain in the same place. So looking down women's dresses will need to be accomplished with the small stool. Still not included in price. Sure. You'll be really weird looking. But boy. You'll be. Keep listening. You're just. So we. That's your ass. Yeah. Not for you. Still a lot included. It's 11.025. 16.025. I'm happy. A Thursday too. But as we can. Flying vines. Better. George is probably got the same thing. The two of them hang up. I bet we took his frequently. And of course I got the. The. The. I'm. I'm. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I get a lot of going. I'm a drowger. I know. I'm J Magha. It takes just two days now. OK. So did that Since I. Bruck shot that would be for the show this morning. After streaming through up a couple of the time. He said, hey, minus f you off is rocker. I don't know anybody. And now, of course, it may have been put on. And most likely was from across the street in e ge how. Because it started out with I crap about. Oh, every time anybody wants to know about sports in taunder. interviewing. You know listeners from 790. Yeah. Right. obviously out of touch I don't even when I am in town or anywhere near downtown I got a bit of a while since I've been down there till. One of the last time Josh was in downtown Miami. I went to a heat game not too long ago. Well there you go see that's in downtown as it gets right there by the Harold building right there where we got to like build up downtown for the benefit of the Miami Harold. Right I was under last year for a concert at the A. A. A. Arena. Right that's where the heat play. That's correct. And I look to say. And all the way. If you guys get out of the house a little bit more get out of your could be in so peroculum get down there downtown see it's the epicenter of the universe now it's the cultural hospital of the entire globe not just not just the state not just the country not just know America but the entire universe. Court of the fence I got yesterday. But being out of touch with what I know about it. Right WQA and hello. Oh, they're already this morning WQA and hello. Oh, yes sir. Oh, here's any on the any line QAM. Oh, now see just doing short doses. That's good. Practice in real short doses and then maybe you'll but maybe by July you might have it down pretty pretty pretty weak. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty that's our call so far this morning that's some that's a matter of what you've had to say so for a goes back to the pool we took the other day yesterday of our software Indians and like that. Trust me just keep listening we started out with the guy from the eyes then we went downhill from there if that's possible never thought that was possible did you no only on this show WQA and hello. Hey Neil how you doing okay quick question. I just want to know when Josh is going to do Kathy. Do who who's can't Kathy. There's a more named Kathy Josh that you're getting ready to do moving along. Who's Kathy? I don't know anyone in Kathy but obviously he does. Dad, dad, dad. When he's good and ready how's that? Mind your own business. Mach somebody there. WQAM hello. I'm Jewish and I'm smoking the rain. Oh, excellent. Half a year suckers by the way never to release a happy circus and tissue well and silkha store up but don't make a big similar about it. Five six seven. Oh five six. He come on. We're waiting to hear from all these people man. I'm ready for wrong. We want to be corrected here. We want to set the record straight. Got a whole pull coming up tomorrow about it. Because I'm sure that we're missing out being out of touch. Tom Jacob would say of course he's always in LA getting wind and dying. Just you know, smeared by all those people. I'm right those puppies about the new network TV shows. I heard Tom had a promise radio to buy some hair. Do you hear that? Nope. I did not hear that. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. Hi. Hi. WQAM hello. Yes sir. I'm moving the killing. It's a great flag. It's about the E-Ropter race track. It's about what? E-Ropter race track. Yeah. A horse track. It's one of his best movies. It's throwing anything. Still you need me. He's great actor. He played McCluskey in the guyfight. I feel like I don't know who that is. That's right. And the killing. And he's still there. Okay. Thank you. I'll go out and get the killing for this weekend with Surin Hidna. Okay. Or maybe just do some killing. I'll sound like good idea. Come down there and kill some of these people we're talking to today. Starting with the guy with the eyes. That'd be a good public service. Maybe you leave me as David Cassidy record collection. You think? Ha ha ha. Surinly not the blow up dog. He'll want that in the box with him. WQAM hello. Hey don't mess with the voice of the hate. All right. Yeah. That. WQAM hello. I'm sorry I should have been more clear. Revis says it best. I guess it's Joshua. Yeah. Oh yeah Joshua. There's some guy that definitely wants you and knows there's very people. Yeah. Joshua. WQAM knows a guy who watches soap operas too and God can say is You're fair. Yeah. Yeah. And guess what? Pally. I think you're mad. Right. WQAM hello. Hey how you doing now? Okay. Hey listen. I hear the Canadian's a fan of George W. Taxa there and out too. How much are you going? About four bucks more than four bucks. Oh, we're all going to get a hundred bucks back. Yeah. I don't think I'm going to go through. Hey now what what what's going to crap is that. Oh, it's just important. It's just taken more tax money out of people's pockets and given it back to them so they can give it to the world companies. I mean it's just the whole concept of this stupid stupid. And you know what somebody I know won't say. Oh, don't don't don't don't don't. Okay stupid. How are we doing on a poll? I think we got the thousand look now. I was a little bit dubious about that. $6.93. Oh yeah. By the bottom of the yard we'll have like about seven to three. Oh, no sweatskie man. We are on fire. We're just absolutely. By the evening. WQAM hello. What the was that? Did you hear that? That echo? Yeah, that was on the line there. QAM hello. I think the phone company is dealing again today. If you ask me, I could be wrong about it. Let's say they are anyway. Yeah, the phone company is dealing and we hate them like boys with them. Okay, I hope somebody poisons are putting. Let's try that eight again. QAM. Okay. Yeah. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. It's not like it's a personal proposal for us in putting. Here, try these could always man. County made him special for you. WQAM hello. Don't buy dumplings don't buy dumplings. WQAM hello. I lift the kick off this. Yeah, okay good. WQAM hello. What the hell is your check-up? WQAM hello. What are you doing? Can I get you a one? Yeah. Yeah. My girlfriend wants to talk to Neil. Your girlfriend wants to talk to Neil? About one. I don't know. You have to ask her. Well, you're either a pimple or an intermediary because she don't have a dial phone? No, you're not having a dial phone. Well, I'll tell her where to stick the finger. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, these are good. We might do four hours a day. These two, they have just been asked. What? That's when we've had no idea. Okay. You are on top of your game today folks. There's no question about that. You like go the whole four hours without really anything. Anything. Okay. I'll keep this going. Yeah, that'd be great. I'm all for it. I think it's some really high grade entertainment. Don't forget this Saturday. Speaking of that's a big draft party. Be sure to get over to Hooray's and pepper pints. You may have dog. Joe's a gacky old, what's his name face and the big go for the draft day coverage? 10 out of 5 p.m. Add Hooray's and pepper pints presented by Tanya Kyrn. 3, get to the memory of Freddy Hyniken from Amsterdam. I was suddenly yesterday, Josh about the Hyniken brewery and about you go in and get to your free samples and you go to Freddy's bar in the hotel and the URL hotel, whatever it's like a skull and an umptodom across from the VD department store through the room through the management, whatever it hell that is. The only problem with Amsterdam, too many Dutch people there. WQAM, hello. Hey Neil, greetings from Delray Beach. Yes sir. I say that I don't believe in this Mexican no-gringo day coming up may first, that none of them are going to work or buy American or go to work. Yeah, really. I am so sorry. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I have a no-gringo day for the Mexican. Do you think it's not good no-gringo? No-gringo. I have no-gringo. I want to call you. I want to call you. How they in the Boston? Everybody who knows the Mexican or has one that we say no Mexican day is made first. How about if you have Mexican hair loss? I was a Mexican hair loss. I was a Mexican hair loss. I was a Mexican hair loss. And it's Chihuahua is that the same? From what I know, you shave one in the terrible. Yeah. No, no, no, no, no. What is a Mexican hair loss? I'm serious now being a dog person. What is that? I think it's a Chihuahua or something like that without any hair. I don't really have it. I don't know. You shave your Chihuahua? Yeah, I know some people who have hair loss. That's good. Yeah. Twelve minute, oh, police officers shot an airport and Cleveland. Oh, it looks like a bad thing going on. It looks like a Chihuahua but still a little bit. It's a little bit hot here at Hopkins. The second call. It's a little bit. It's bigger than a Chihuahua but it kind of looks like one. But in other words, it's a separate breed. Yes. A herlos Mexican. It's just begun to move. The shooting was at the United Ticket counter at this level and inside there. They got a single signal. There is yellow taped off. People who have tickets can board planes. Matter of fact, airport operations are running as normal including the United Ticket. Cleveland airport. When we arrived here was that a Cleveland police officer got into an altercation at the counter with apparently a homeless man, a court of court officials. Shot's were fired. The officer was wounded as was a civilian. We don't know if that civilian was a traveler or an airport employee. But two people wounded. They were transported to Metro Hospital. In fact, we passed the Hopkins Advocance. We were coming out here on a... Oh, it's a homeless guy. We got into it with a homeless. Take care of that problem. Let's be finished up with the illegal aliens that we're going to work on the homeless. Make America a much better place in which to live. Got a cleanup far act. 1113 a QA and the Emerald Coaches for this number one Asian gourmet buffet is ready to buy to get restaurant. If you haven't heard about these people for years and years now and they're still going strong. Every Friday through Sunday night you can enjoy lobster fest featuring main luxury served thermodore style at the Emerald Coast and every night. Every night of the week is crab fest where last in snow crab legs dungeon is crab and jonna stone crabs. The menu still includes fresh oysters on a have shell and a sushi bar with over 30. But 30 minutes. Different items. The Emerald Coast also serves juicy delicious New York state cook to order just the way you love man car prime even on the weekends for dessert. The room for the Emerald Coast famous 40 inch chocolate fountain. There's just no limits to the things you can stick in there. You can hand if you're on scrawler as marshmallows, other decked and treats. And check out their new, new, all you can eat sushi bar featuring sashimi tuna to the toki and over 20 different types of sushi rules during life back at you and much more to. 3 convenient Emerald Coast for you in South Florida. They're in sunrise, sunny hours beach and pepper pies. Be sure to make reservations called 9.5, 4, 5, 7, 2, 38, 22. But when you've had a gigantic appetite, this is the place for you. The only, I mean, there are a lot of imitators out there but nothing like these guys. The amazing Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. This is Neil Rogers. This is five 16. OK, HBO premier. Mr. How old are you? I'm begging over the candle at the potato salad. I think I don't like her making haste funny. She said, well, that should have been my decision. I didn't like it. I'm standing here all day and my feet never. I better get to hell about her or for the meal. But say, you're not your candy. No, no, no, no. I said, ladies and gentlemen, get some food. You know how to do that? It's a lot of trouble, but you're in. I don't like how to do this. I try to snatch a nice, dry pastry. Makes me cut. You're a good, a good, a good, a good, a good. I've got my teeth over the shop. I don't know what to do. I mean, never get a lease, but for my come-start treating me. My wife and my children are not ashamed. I just want to try a macaromic a cheese. I said, I shouldn't embarrass them, I'm pulling a pot. They should only expect no one's from a bite away from a pot. And I might end and the time is around a minute, I need. I can go right now. First, listen to me. We must take a shower and then I'll put a shower for me to back go to the vintage cup. Wish me she said, my kid, you show me your location. I said, try the kitchen and line how to cook. But that I should replace my head and a goat. To take one, I'll get that little trice. Look, I think it's been a simple store of folks. Maybe we all got months, maybe that's what it is. We're going to get our lumps and get that months. Although, I already had all the travel rooms. This is a head to the box. I had to need some months. I had to have pneumonia. I'll do a few more months. The course, I guess that's what it is. Your body builds up at a immunity because certainly when you're in old fart like me and even George, those vaccines, we got his children. It's long since we're not here. We could get polio again for Christ's. Good way. Let's give it a shot. Maybe that's what I got. Maybe that could be like FDR. What do you think? You could put my money on a dime. Take a rest on a piece of money, ray gun. Put my picture on a dime. I mean, that was so outrageous. Talk about the right wingers in a feeding frenzy. We've placed FDR on the dime with a picture of Raleigh Ray gun. And to me, time, the whole concept that the March of Dimes was How to help money to eradicate polio. How much a Jonah saw couldn't have gotten five nickels together if they wouldn't have had the dimes. Right. I remember the kid. We used to have these cards. Were you guys stick to the... You remember that? Sure. You remember that? Uh-huh. Now, what's Joshua doing with that chick? What is it? We posted Delvin. He's probably not too happy about that. No one knows what he's talking about. No. Oh, you don't know what he's talking about. No. Oh, I thought, then why didn't you just say that? Because he's in Congress and I kind of don't even reply to them. Come on. Got to play along with a crazy people otherwise. But that kind of a show we got. He's still far from watching tape. Yeah, that's what I would say. Guess what, pal. I think you're mad. That's right. Five, six. Ha-ha-ha. That's just played two things all day. Ow! And... I think you're mad. That sounds good to me. Or we can play them together. I think you're mad. Five, six, seven, five, six, ten. Five, six, ten... Time five, six, ten... The Verizon Singular Wireless line. Rick Weber or Mr. Weber was great. He was good. Seven out of eighteen votes. That's back when the dolphins actually were thinking about. Right now, special about Ricky Tiki. What are we going to do without Ricky? Ricky, Ricky, huh? Give me to ball. No Ricky. Well, they have Dante Cole-pepper now. Nah, but he ain't ready to go a man. He's not ready for prime time. That's what he on the answer. He ain't ready for prime time. He ain't gonna be able to start this season. How do they know he's not gonna be able to start this season? see and it's a little April 27. Well, they can, they can, and they're estimated that they're in looking good. So what have they got? Who's the backup? Not still at Rosen's Cransfield. They got nobody right now. Really? They got no backup? Nobody. Uh-oh. No, it's not good to me. Actually, let's, let's unretair Bob Greesball. Get them, wish you a Wifers back on his glasses. Get old Bob Greesball back out there again. What about his kid? Is Brian still playing for you guys? Is he still in Tampa? Uh, Brian. How's the gunsuit art for he is? And how college? I didn't say that. I said, I'm, what is, I'm going to tell you the last two days you have a real full. You know, since they made that new deal with you for like the triple digit big bucks there, you're just out of control. Talk about things go on to somebody said yesterday he's talking about his glad that a white guy is there when the MVP and the NBA again. And now he's called, uh, what of our fine good friends here in alcoholic? Well, I think you're right though. That's bad. This isn't sound good. Got a bad ring to it. If you just say, hey Brian, you're like that. That's like hey Tom Cruise. You're fair of that. See, it's got a more subtle way to come out and like a little bit too strong. Is Defoe and Joe used to say I'm a worse team. Very strong. Remember those days, George? He's really strong. That's strong by you. That's strong. He's really, yeah. The only thing that wasn't strong was the numbers on that show. That was the problem. That's why we wound up with where we are today. Uh-oh. Yeah. I was the same. That's right. That's so good. I. Oh, man, it's definitely like a good sneeze. Got some of that on me. W to Q a n. Hello. Josh going to play the way. W to Q a n. Hello. Q a n. Yes, sir. Good. I want to know. Are you doing the call with that? David Johnson that's great. Friday, yes. Friday. Why don't you have a three way? You better hand me and maybe talk. What do we want to do that for? I'll do the fix. Do the fix. Do the fix. Do the fix. Do the fix. Well, I won't get haste. I'll get tens of clock and I will get days when he caught you. Let us program the show. Can we need any assistance? Okay. We already got our junior program director who is also under the weather clearance. He said it had something to do with his. That's what nobody meant by him. Did you say that this morning? Always listen. Yeah, he did. How do you warrant? He said something to do with it. That's what he was like under the weather. Oh, yeah. I think he had to say a label under the air. That's right. I think he said he had the turd flu. Well, maybe he said it was just a turd time this year. I don't know what he said. He's not doing to us. I sound like death boy of over. And of course, wait till Tuesday morning when the book comes out. Oh, like the song says, you ain't seen nothing yet. It's going to be really something. I can't say the word on the air, Joyce. Dominic, who I am? Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. Dominic, who I am? Hello. Oh, it's DC. Oh. Who I am? Watch out. There's a little feature on your website. Okay. Call kill Reverend Jones. Dominic, who I am? Hello. Yeah, no problem. No problem. Oh, they're all there today. Let's hear it. It's three. Wow. There is day. Let's have a blast. A few great voices all from the past. Do you think they call around to arrange the events like that? Yeah, evidently. I wouldn't be surprised if we hear from nine nine, well, that is my mind. What's your one? Oh, a lot of stuff. Oh, that's a- Oh, the man, the man. The man, trumpeter. Maybe they hook up on nice days. These are chip off the old block. That must be, maybe they're comparing rotten teeth. I don't know. They got a special sight called outer space. We could send them to England. They'd sit right in, or what was rotten teeth. And of course, I know what their favorite delicacy would be. Well, I'm not going to send it. 26 past 11 and 5, 60, I mean, you can't especially your buddy with a god with the eyes. They're all my, you know, all these years later, and it's still the same, Howard, and the same retard, though. It might be that I didn't think of highly, remember when I was trying to save highly, like a shrunk, and we were running ahead to head against Calder. And of course, it was a hopeless thing to jump around at any, and then highly had turned into a tort, living away. The place was filthy. Even though we needed, we were serving a green weenies, you know, at the hot dog stand. It was pretty embarrassing. Here shows up the guy with the eyes with one of his slimy buddies, and I use the word buddy with quotes around you know. What happened to the bird was on the costume. I, in fact, Stan Major was there smoking a big fat stovie. With me that day. And I turned around and I look at these two shluffs. And what you did in his statement, and I turned around and I said, I think you asked. Yeah. I said, a little Bob Savage came running down and kicked the rest out of there. Rest in peace. See the sad part. He's dead. And this shmuck there with his daily cast that he blew up out. He's still alive. Call him radio talk shows. And the same monotone. Man, you can't complain about his personality. In fact, him and Dave Ann Boy maybe would get a discount. Get a transplant. And in fact, maybe we didn't get a three for a puttch his gigaki in there at the same time. Or he is. 26 past 11 at 5, 60, W.C. and we got guilty. There is Mr. Personality. He's coming up into the afternoon to squeak his way to a couple of hours. And then we got mad dog at the sofa, kings from a 47. You know, take your children a solemn disem patient. Goodbye, McLeod. Now your feet are jealous. You'll put that to check since the job is ironed back. And roll back inside your mums. Back to me. You're the top three of us. It's bad. Roll on a date with Dan and he can be your lover. So, you're mad or as we understand. You prefer a mini-fierder to find your ally. Now you take a birthday, take a birthday. You spend the game saying, oh, winning two. You're the four-light house, with little clues. You didn't throw at the snow, so you got to go. So, dream about the two-light days I will rescue you. And I got mad. Oh, meaning was sledge. It's 1132. We got to Tony Snow by the way. Who now says he's very sorry about all those nasty things in our health president. Or, which there's a whole list of 80 million quotes about the incompetence in about all of his policies, ripping him an ass over a period of time. And now he's very sorry he said those things. I'm sure he is. And he's saying that, of course, to deflect when he actually takes over it, when it goes to start asking questions about that, I already said I was sorry. I apologize. That whole I apologize, but that goes about a half an inch as far as I'm concerned. You know what I'm saying? I agree. Yeah. I apologize. Twenty-seven till noon if you am where I would say guilty warm-up show now. Guilty is like the centerpiece. He's a pivot man on a radio station now. Believe me. Oh, it's big an a pivot man. Those good upprices for Republicans. Prosecutors are investigating allegations by the cutting-hand bribery contractor. Mitchell Wade. That's deduced by the way, Duke cutting-hand. Mitchell Wade that he and co-conspirator Brent Wilkes periodically supply the former congressman with prostitutes and free hotel rooms, according to the days right wing Wall Street Journal. Free hotel rooms. Mr. Wade and February played guilty to giving perhaps more than a million dollars to Mr. Cunningham including cash and takes some payment for yachts. Mr. Wade, who hasn't been sentenced yet, is cooperating with prosecutors. According to people with all to the investigation, Mr. Wade told investigators that Mr. Cunningham periodically told him to request when to prostituta. And then Mr. Wade then helped arrange for one. This is Duke Cunningham. This is a good upstanding right wing homophobic, a whole year than thou, a piece of crap, right? A limousine driver then picked up the prostitutes as well as Mr. Cunningham and drove them to one of the hotel sweets. Swing! Originally to Watergate Hotel and subsequently to Weston Grant. Mr. Wade told investigators that all the arrangements for these services have been made by Mr. Wilkes and two employees of Mr. Wilkes' company according to people with knowledge of busy briefing. He said Mr. Wilkes had rented the hotel sweets and found the limo driver who had relationships with several escorts services. In other words, he was the PIMP. Mr. Wade told prosecutors that sometimes Mr. Cunningham would contact him to request these services. He passed out of the request to Mr. Wilkes or his employees who done made the actual arrangement. Mr. Wade said that other times Mr. Cunningham called Wilkes directly to make the request. He wanted a good hookah. If investigators find that any other members of Congress or the Staffs Research Services is to call the hospitality sweets, that could help make the case that they had illegally taken action event for Mr. Wilkes in return for favors from him. Mr. Wilkes has found members and employees where heavy campaign contributors to several members of Congress but prosecutors so far have heardly him from any evidence that other members of Congress have been bribed as a victim. But they got to Duke, baby. His ass is grass. He is in deep fadudu. Duke. Deep duki. Yeah. I guess what Duke. I think you are. That's right. Let's get back to the stimulating calls. They got a very good pile of stuff here including Snoop Dogg. His indeed due to also with an airport fracus. Yeah. 8th is identified as America's most distrusted minority according to a new University of Minnesota study. Go like that. At 7th satellite radio, losing money faster than it can print it. Retired pre-facing more model station charges in Hingham that mass attucits. Fire at St. Louis, talk host back on the air. The one that said something about town delisa and Cooen. Remember that story? Mm-hmm. Send a panel calls for abolishing FEMA just tear it up and start all over again. Americans want third major political party. US justice is these supreme are asking now if legal and legal injections cause pain. Does that hurt you? Timmy? Good. Yeah. Good. How about this? Is that hurt a little bit more? Oh. Was that a passion's reference for a bacon? Timmy. Yeah. Wrong Timmy. Don't be picking on poor little Timmy. No, I was just going to mention to you that they're replaying. But it's interesting that the guy who went on that Queen at Cooen at Cooen before was doing the Joshua thing from guiding light. Wow. You're fairie. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. Probably doesn't like giving call that no doubt. What are you going to do about it? You're fairie. Coming to QAM, hello. Yeah. That's the answer. Stop. I saw something. Oh yeah. We're close. We know. But he already called earlier. He's a little bit more often. He's a little bit more often. When he stands in the quarter crying because you've not heard of him. You've got a little Joey on the end. I'm not going to sit still for this crap. You want to sit still. Joey called it. I don't know. John and Mike. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. That's John. John and Mike. Well, well, right. Where are we? There you go. In fact, we also got the elongated Gilbert version. Miami has the dolphins. The greatest but both teams. But I don't think we want to deal with the whole thing. This is the amazing Gilbert. We minding you not to drink and drive this honey season. I thought that I was stubborn to do this. Absolutely. Yes. And we didn't think that we knew it. And before we were right on target, we were spot on as they say. And so he asked Brits. But call a very often especially when George is on the summer. Gilbert. He loves you. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. He admits it. 5, 60 only for rising in second or by the sun. Our pull question day is Joshua will go to do well. What's your name? He made up. What was that? We don't know what I think you're right though. I think it's like a Daisy chain. They get together. Even the side what crank things they're going to be calling in on that day. Very good job. We got our own little fraternity out there. Come in to QAM. Hello. Everybody get it. George. Okay. Okay. But we hit you a lot more. Come in to QAM. Hello. Hello. Welcome to QAM. Hello. As promised. 7, 7, 7, yes. Come in. Tell me. QAM. Hello. You don't say we would put my calls on. You are a liar. Thanks. Sunny. No. No. No. No. There's nothing greater than no greater form of play with the limitation I'll tell you. And do you believe in God Gilbert Jr. now? That's good. That was good. And how did the material down to? No. He's a like a sick book. So where do you want to show? When like to wish everybody a Merry Christmas and a happy New Year. There we go. Let's look over to Pansy. Let's turn the clock back. Back in the good old days and a salad days. But Martha or you should bring by it or a challenge. But all the marshmallows and coconut. Why that's right for that? You don't like to go into the project. Is that what it was? Right. Is that that's what that salad's called? But the Mandarin oranges slices. Oh yeah. Not slices that little teeny tiny. Yeah. That's in the project. Not chunks. Tunches what happens afterwards. 21 till noon. Tunches what happens. You can't do the cross over when he's in the fast ass and tell. I'm sitting on my fast ass and tell. That was really special. He missed the beginning of the show today boy. You should learn your lesson. Don't ever miss 10 o'clock or 9.56. And that of course, Hank at that point. He's like, ah, but to be pretty good. You know, guess how to go make a hot bent and he just ran out of the 9.58. So I think that we ought to get out at 1.58. Don't you give you a guilty extra two minutes. It's just keep working. It's probably 12.58. I said, look at the 8 times. Good to me. Let's play some of the highlights from yesterday. Simulating of my Marlon 7 to 5 with Inchicago. To close out that serious. 749 votes. We better get busy now. Hop on our poll. Please. 749. 759. That's the nice number. 750. Isn't WSB in Atlanta? 750. I don't know. Yes. Or is it 740? I don't know. Now 740 used to be CBL in Toronto. They say I've hockey night in Canada. 750. I don't even know what. I don't even know what. I don't even know what. I couldn't begin to tell you. The fan 590. I believe it was a sports station here. And then there's a. Mojo radio. They got two sports stations. Mojo is 640. But I don't think I've turned to radio one more than twice in the time I've been here. I don't listen to the radio. Radio sucks. Get it. And of course, Leaf TV. I can watch that on. I can watch the whatever the hell. Leaf slunch. So TV twice noon to 2 and 3 to 5. I can watch it over again with bill waters in the Jack Merrick. So why the hell do I want to listen to the radio? 750 of votes on the pool. Here's the deal. South Florida's best play by place sportscaster of all time. Rick Weaver. 121. Way those hankies Rick. I hate this pool. 120. I hate sports 98. We just hate period. They also think let's add that. Okay. Let me change by vote. I hate. I hate. I hate. I don't know how you want to. I don't even know where you're capable. I hate that. I just hate. No, not eight. I hate. Joe Angel 81. Sunnyhurst 57. As Sunnywood is a good guy. There was a little something. You know, that's a true story. I told you that before about my first experience listening to Sunny Under video. I was working on KAT. My first job at a market in 1976. I go home to my little horrible apartment on my beach. I lived there for like a month. Horrible. And I turned on the radio and it's sports talk with Sunny because I was doing three to six at that time. And it's six to hear sports talk with Sunnyhurst. And he's given this go. He read. I thought there must be something wrong. My radio. No, no. I don't want to make it. I wanted to. Did you try to tune it in? But then I turned another station and it was just as clear as could be. And I turned back to Sunnywood. He was still doing this for like that. It was a little quarrel problem. I never really did find it. And then he had an operation of some kind of it would like come. Intermitally come and go. Sunnywood is a good guy, but not a great sportscaster. 57 though for Sunnyhurst. I guess that's we like them. Phil's in for 56. Mohour David 38. We didn't like him. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. He had his moments. Of course with the dolphins. He seemed to be a little bit confused. Especially since they were to jets. Dave O'Brien 34. Boob Schombie, the Booster Orangehead 33. I thought he'd do better than that. Would you? I thought he'd do better. Joe's a guy he's 17. Geldie 15. Come on now. Mark Vanderbilt 13. Geldie is a better sportscaster than Mark Vanderbilt. Oh, my God. Dave Halberstein 12. Well, he got screwed over to that organization. Jeff Rember 8. Freemales. Lot of them. Then cast for seven jugs McDonald five. Looks like he didn't miss any meals. Dave and horns. Only got five Josh. You're part of the crime there. Dave and horn. But they're not. They're part of the crime there. Dave and horn. With the bad hairpiece. Only five. Jimmy civilist. She's got five. Chris Moore on three. Mike Ingwas finally got one. Must be to got it the fact that thing. Dave Strader got one. I guess who doesn't have any Josh. Who's that? In last place, 757. The TV voice of your Florida Marlins. Rich Walsh has got the big. Oh. Who's going to get Ricky Holt? Yeah. I'm going to get Ricky Holt. I got a friend of mine who's playing with me. Oh. Who's going to get Ricky Holt? No. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I'm looking for.. naszych intressants that we can't wait for. Jesus is amazing. That is amazing. Yeah, maybe you're talking about it. I don't want to be a man. Yeah, I don't want to be a man. What a freak showing us. What are my brothers? You know, what? What are the catchball? You might break a nail. I think you'll ask. What's sensational timing to it? It'd be just before the release of MI3, too, yeah? It's time to be shut that around and roll and London, gay Perry, with all of his boyfriends over there. Not many, particularly hurry. I've been out lately, they come back and see that bundle of joy. You probably relate to that. Sorry? I just wonder how they keep who it is. Who's it? Well, of course, it could be artificial insemination. Well, I think that they had it right on. They make it a kind of contraception. Or the aliens, since people these are that. The aliens can't download spaceships and maybe they had that e-meter, right? They got that probe. Right. And maybe they stuck it in somebody's back. Right. I got a great line for that, but I heard no one could. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. There's been there for a few weeks. Wow, yours. Vale for that. That's a lot for couple of tremendously entertaining hours. Even had some guests From the past. But some controversial calls from the past. Way to the reason why I share this though. That might explain some of these cards. Don't we get a lot of calls from cell phones. Yes, we do. Well, radiation from rubble phones. and it's Melbourne, Australia, not Florida. Found people's response times slower during a 30 minute, but turn to me. Mobile phone call, but they're memory of peer-to-in-prove. The researchers conducted a series of psychological tests on 120 volunteers that were exposed to mobile phone emissions for half an hour. Another set of tests was conducted on volunteers who were not exposed to mobile phone radiation, but thought they were. The results published in April's edition of, I'm sure you read the survey day, the journal, Neurosak, Collogia, the psychology. Showed a small bit of discernible change in brain function among those who were exposed to electromagnetic fields that mobile phone is generated. The study should evidence of slower response times for participants undertaking simple reactions and more complex reactions such as choosing a response when there's more than one alternative lead researcher, Con Stowe, said. This could equate to driving a car and being distracted by another car, pulling on a frontier. The driver's reaction time to choose between breaking, turning, or sounding, the horn, could be affected, albeit slightly. The study also found that radiation from mobile phones seems to improve working memory, it used, for example, when remembering a phone number long enough to dial it. He said further work was needed using magnetic resonance imaging to clarify the way mobile phones alter the way the brain works. Father or tool wants to know if you can alter a voice with it. I guess it depends on where you stick it. Stowe said further, as yet on published research by his team, suggested the impact of mobile phone radiation and the brain was cumulative. And here's the bottom line. People, for instance, who use the mobile phone a lot seem to have more of an impairment than people who are more naive users. He said, I don't know what that means. And naive users. I don't think that word is appropriate there. Well, that's what it says here. I think what more occasional users are more naive says being naive now. OK. However, he stressed that the impact on brain fush was small to say did not find the mobile homes caused phones code the hair. How about mobile homes causing a health problem? They're especially gals in the world. We live near people who do live in one. We have it established as an negative health consequence that's a different type of studies. And we're just showing that the radiation is actually active on the brain, the impairment is small. And yeah, just can tell when you're supposed to coordinate. But don't like that. Mm-hmm. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're going to get out of the media. We're going to get a pound of sound out of this phone man speaking of mobile phones. 776. Put a one in front of him. Then you've got a pretty patriotic sound. He said, sure, dude. Makes you want to have a parade. 776 vote. And guess what? We're 12 still and have any. Ha ha ha ha. That's bad. Give the kid a break. He's not like about a 10 year old kid. Hey, Tommy. They're really kicking ass here in Chicago. The Marlins here comes. Oh, I don't know what this kid's name is. Here comes a guy. I just hear stuff in this market. And I'm thinking to myself, wow. In fact, you know what I'm thinking to myself? Well, I hear a lot of these people. What do you think of any administration? You call this big market radio? Yeah, I think that very often. And then I look at that paycheck. And I think, well, who really curious? Come on, if you weigh in, bro. I'm going to take you. Speaking of mobile phones, yes, sir. Yeah, right. Exactly. It's stuck. I don't think he's just anyway. That's a call or before said when he's just going to talk to Zack. Never Zack from South Beach with Dr. Josh. Not Kathy. Oh, Zack. That's not like Kathy. That's not like Kathy to me. I think he said that. That he was a Jackie. Yeah, Joe's a Jackie. Yeah, Joe's a Jackie. Maybe he said Joe's a Jackie. Maybe that's what it. Joe's a Jackie. So, okay. See, there you go. I think we just answered that. Lee, well, thank you so much, sir. I'm glad that. See, that's the kind of stuff we get to call about. This guy, if you ask him 80,000 questions about anything of anything, even my new dude in Portland, he has no response, but he can give you a song to answer about what is Joshua would go to do Zack. I forgot all about Zack, and I'm sure Josh has been trying very hard. If you're going to all about him. Remember Zack? Yep. Five, six, seven, oh, fuck. Maybe he's talking about Zack Krans. I don't think that's going to happen anytime soon. In fact, I don't think anybody's going to be doing Zack Kransing. Oh, I heard him. For Zack. Is he still a little bit of working on the Joe Raw Ro show? Yes, he is. I'm a little dog show, and then you got your stewed gods, and you got all the other. And who's some of the other folks? He's done he be going to show up over there. And Jason Bloss, Bloss, Bloss, Bloss, Bloss, Bloss Bloss, Bloss, Bloss, Bloss, Bloss, Bloss, Bloss, Bloss, Bloss, Bloss. By the way, still got, and he's just, I still got your, uh, a tape, but I probably ought to throw it out because now I got it on D.B.D. Charlie, I still am not going to watch it. I probably watched it someday. Watch, of my sin, man. I'm not watching of my sin. I'm not in the mice. I don't know. It had nothing to do with mice. Well, then why is it called of my sin then for Christ's sake? Well, you're watching. I understand. 5 6 7 0 5 6. You come out. Let's get on the horn here, man. We got two hours here for you. For all of you were still comments. Although, we got to do this first. This, this, this new Roger. Oh, this, this, this 5 6 2 1 1. This is Dick Chany. I like to relax. I have a very Magdalene massage. My balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour. Okay. The boys here found the way to make some sense of dirt. You can own broke back mountain. Watch it in the privacy of your own home. Whoa! Hey, my neighbors won't see you walking to the store and rent a video about two gay cowboys making sweet love. You can download broke back mountain on your hard drive. Not your floppy disk. You just got to have enough ram in a broadband connection. Rick and Simon Starr, Trenton. Download broke back mountain today. And I'm kind of curious about the movie, but I don't want to go into blockbuster and have people see me rent today and think.com. Look at that. We got 790, baby. So in our 90 votes. Do you think there's something in a symbolic pair? And 790 almost 800 votes. Rich Waltz is still got it. Oh, no votes is the best house sportscaster in Sanford ever. Even now, even recently, even like a week from a surface and never. Not doing too good, Rich. Say, hate you like poison. Don't take it personally. I don't think another Greg Budell. Okay. Complex about it. Unless you want to. 5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 6. 5 6. Nevorizon. Singular. Wireless line. W 2 A N. Hello. Q A M. A N. Yes. What really upset me? What do you mean? Whatever you do that. You've been signal test broadcasting. It's right in the middle when you're reading a. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. I can do it. But it's never happened during the commercial. It's better. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know anybody on the sports shows because that's the important stuff. It only hurt all in this show, I guess. They program out in there. I can't hear it. I have no idea when it's going on. Well, thank you for the story. Anyway. Okay. Good luck to you. I'll leave it. Okay. So, as probably a right wing plot. Some people have become here's a, uh, and four Lauderdale says. Some people have become so desperate to find sheep or fuel for their cars and begin making ethanol at home. They're pumping atle. There are dozens of websites explaining how to make ethanol from home made stills. Are you boys going to still up? Never going to tell nobody. I still got burned. Yeah. Maybe that's seen in their deliverance. I'm sure you do. You've always got to still up here. This boss had something about a steer. They say, just stay and steal and drop them panties. I'm crying. Bill says your older of a Tennessee company speaking of, uh, Arkansas and the Red Nix. Tennessee company that sells ethanol. Stills and kits. Said that once you set up because of about 75 cents a gallon of re-owned fuel or if you look to better the way the words 12 cents a gallon. Sanchez said that with gas prices naturally closing on three bucks a gallon. You close in my ass. Over three bucks a gallon. Pretty soon we'll be closing on four bucks. They're up again today, by the way. It was so slightly. It was creeping and creeping way to last fourth of July. How old are they weekend man when it's like, uh, thousand bucks to fill up your tank. And you'll say, thanks a lot, Mr. President, for those low gas prices. Thanks for hooking up that long. You to that Iraqi oil field. Most cars can run on a mixture of ethanol and gasoline and the new fuel. Flex fuel cars can run on 85% ethanol or regular gasoline. So there you go, just open up a steel in the backyard. You can put some moonshine going. Little ethanol too. That sound like a deal. Sure sounds like a real plain. Bill me. Yeah, make get a steel going. There will be another shoes for them. The feds come and drag your ass away. The red of the newers. So somebody QAM hello. QAM. Yes sir, I'm a former sponsor of the deals. And I'd like to reminisce for something that happened 25 years ago too. And what was that? What was that? Yeah. On WNWS, I think it was one of the last nights they were on five-year street. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, just to you? Who's this Larry Mervis? You're right. What are you? Henry. Neil, I've talked about the night that I think was the last night that you were on Flagler Street at WNWS. Yeah. We came there to talk about your favorite subject, Medicare. And it was raining cats and dogs. And there was two inches of water in the floor. Right, that's right. The water was of the sidewalk was warped in front of that building. It was pouring like the end of the world. The water came underneath the door. And ended the building that was like flooded to the area. And the people from Bell Southrunner, hands and knees crawling around. To hook get the phones clean on us so we could get on the air. Oh, I will say this. The phones actually worked there on like this place. Pretty amazing. Well, if you remember we pushed four desks together. It's at that top of them. And remember sitting there with my bare feet. Well, I'm doing that right now too. At least I wasn't sitting in my underwear then. But that's another story. Well, it's not raining though. Now that's true. Not raining inside or even outside. But I just wanted to wish you to well that story of course goes back to 25 years. And I hope that even though you say you're not here, I'd like to listen to you for another 25. Oh, I'm staying on forever, Major. They put my ass in a box. They want me to sign up till year 25 25. So. Well, I was a keeps sending them checksman for this graph. I'll keep taking it. I told my wife the same thing. I told her when she put you in the box. Put the phone on the left side because I'm right at answer. There you go. Okay, Larry, take care of yourself. I like that. Larry, nervous. Yeah, even though it was. My sharp or watch. There's a must of ball. I really am sharp as a marble. Larry, nervous. Don't get nervous. Call Larry. I said, if you were still in business and given a plug for his insurance company, but that would be that would be bad. He wasn't called for that. He would have said so. Nothing worse than people among free plugs. You know what I mean to her? What about how your old friend Scott's doing from that sandwich joint? Speaking of sandwiches, I wonder how a Jerry Wittner's doing. Which one of my great broadcasts do you in the sky? What if he still driving down the Ho Chi Minh trail every night without packing that piece? It is briefcase. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. I'll tell you one thing. I'm a survivor man. Look at all these other air. Here we know. And I started thinking about all the people I worked with who I did. Has this wave going around, man? Jerry Wittner, Jerry Williams, Bill Calder, Big Wilson, I ever worked with Big Bad New ML. Had a few meals with them all at the same time. Mike Reniri, Jim Harper, Kyle Eisley, right? Keith? No, Keith Eisley's dead? Oh no, I don't know. Would you get that? That's beautiful. That's perfect. That's perfect. Wow. The Casper? Mm-hmm. Tom's Yika? I mean, he's not officially dead, just brained in. Well, it's Charlie Kappus? Good. Guy Miss Molly. For some of the other people who worked with you, must have a few. Yeah, I'm half the people he did. You must have some other ones. There are no people who worked with me in Bishop, but I mean. No, I never had the place. She hated me like I don't think I ever met her, but before she sure had to be like, I got it, trained me to be a DJ when I was 17. He died. Who's that? You don't know him, it was in Montana. Well, my brother's in, hey, Mike Robertson, Great Voice Impressionist, tell it, Weasted in that little town, and died of enticema. SIGARATS, BOKABRINE, smoking. BOKABRINE, Voice Soundlete, and Spoken, Spoken, Spoken, Spoken, Spoken, Spoken, Spoken, I'm going to stop sending you money, but you won't be able to afford to buy those packets. So I think it's a file I supply money for a drug, you know? Yeah, it's speaking of packets he was one, too. And then they fall on the floor, you know, when they start making gurgling sounds, when he supply money for drug use. In fact, I sure hope Josh still get no bad drug have it because you know, with all this extra money he's making. I'm clean. Yeah, it's not what I heard, that's not what's that. It only has good drug have it's none of the bad ones. 5 6 7 0 5 6, don't forget to big QM drag party. This said it, I'm not going to be dislining any more really tired of it, but you don't know what it is. It's it's it who doesn't pemper pines, this Saturday 10 M to 5 P.M, mad dogs are going to be there. Josie and Big O'L be there too, but of course, who cares about them? Presented by Heine can and go there and just get blitzed. The drag party. We love the dolphin. They're going nowhere. They're not going nowhere. They're going nowhere. This season man is just going to be a second win. WQAM, hello. Which means it was millions more of it across the street. Yes sir. They're going to deal with somebody. They're going to be a vehicle from the soprano. Deal? Deal, veto. No veto, yeah. What's up, buddy? What do you got, deal? No, just want to know if you watched the soprano a lot. No, I don't ever watch the soprano as I was saying. So he lost take view. So I wonder what ever happened to the V-lady. Remember her? No. You don't remember the V-lady? V-lady. Oh, come on. That was the V-lady. Yeah, no. That was in your time. I don't know. I remember. And then of course, it was always the the the dingo lady, which I'd driven this way trying to find. I think I might find. There she is. Dingo lady, the V-lady, who used to have an respect. She was the vegetarian. She was the freak. She said, I'll band out a shape because I used to talk about how much I love the V-lady. I mean, they're going to stop just because of that pitch. The dingo lady called. Not too long enough. Right. And of course the T-a. People they could also go to hell. Oh, you killed those poor little baby animals. Well, too bad. I like my feel. I like my steak. Had a great dinner with Chris here. And he helped him hotel a couple of weeks. In fact, the week you owe Monday. Fantastic. Ribby steak. Oh, man. Hmm. 5.6. 7.05. 6.0. The Lani expenses have a little pricey, but no problem at all. Especially when you win all the big bucks. On the I never got fast tank about when he was damn. Slots are going to start in South Florida. So tomorrow we'll see. We can. Is he still going to be doing from Tulsa. I was soon. So tomorrow. I would have said. Well, I will do that. That's going to be real interesting. You know, that works out. We. I hope that somebody can face it in the message that we weren't shining him. I think it's just that we could not communicate here on QM or we technically. We just can't do it. You know, you name it and we can't do it. In fact, never that side of the East have any engineering door. There's said, oh, all the different things they do. We're a sign of broadcasting 24.7. And we're broadcasting from abroad. And now just a sign of this that we can't do it. Just as that dot dot dot. Now there was whatever it is we can't do it. And they're right. WQAM. Hello. We're okay. We can't wait to see it. WQAM. Hello. And by the way. I think you asked. WQAM. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. You went to that Niagara Falls casino. Yeah. Did you try that restaurant where the operators push your stool in for you? Yeah. Boy, that would be good. Yeah. Now we share clever one. Don't fall in now. By the way, next time. Speak an egg. We don't fall in. That maybe he'll go on that theory ride. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and the Verizon singular wireless line. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Thank you for repeating the news. You're welcome. WQAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. Oh, yeah. Just a show. That organization will get to you after a 34 years. All these years of the big teases and all the big BS and the big hoop line. And to me, and his Johnson and all the brains stem and all the other crap. And out of course, this next salmon guy, man. Talk about a BS slinger. But if you could sell BS by the time the dolphin organization would be billionaires. I guarantee that in fact all the sports organizations in town. There isn't a one of them that are like a bunch of straight shooters to speak. You got the the panthers. They just got this amount more money. I just looked it up to set them almost three grand already including. Taiof money for ticket for for games that are never going to be played because there are no playoffs for them. And now they want another three grand toward next year is season tickets and it's just never ends with them. Plus the fact that he'd lying about the attendance and if you do, I'll get your season tickets. Oh, unless we got 75 free tickets for every game if you want. And then you got the dolphin organization which I just got to explain to you. To me is a bad here. Same old BS air v. Of course, the one steady or how's that coming. And the marlins. Well, this is their anything need to be said about them. Even with the two world series is even with that. It's still a mess. We want to stay the end. We want the world series. We want to stay. Please give us some money. There's no different than the beggars on the streets. It's a piece of people that got big and said that's the only difference. They got better suits and they got, you know, they dress better and they don't hold a cup of but other than that. And who might leave it out? And then of course there's a, oh yeah, Pat Rowley and that's sucked down here at his. And now that you know, they had a good season and all of a sudden everybody's jumped on that back. And he got to have somewhere to jump. Tony Balloni man. So how's downtown coming? We haven't had one call extolling the virtue of the. I'm waiting though. In fact, I think that's what sparked off all of these crazy people. So thank you for that fact yesterday. Was it Mitch? Cause I didn't I should mid-cannet again. Mitch from South Beach. Okay, who can quote everything I say every day. Tell me about how I was talking about Europe the day before and about a week that I would put it up. And then he goes into a thing about, well, I'm glad your audience is going down the tube. And nobody's hearing all this misinformation you give out it all the other crap. Probably sleep at which he may be syphilis if he asked me. 1213 at 5.16 when we the first time. I've been telling you for years speaking of saving me about 1800 math. Whenever you need a bed, they can live with any two hour window. They have no job better consultants and lots more. Here's another reason. Our friends at Dalamacris just got for the third year in a row. The better business bureau's annual tour to excellence award is the best in the business. Three years in a row that they won based on honesty and integrity and ethics at all the markets they serve for main two Miami. Even in downtown Miami they'll go to show you how daring they are. So many places you can buy a mattress, somebody bedding in departments stores. Well, I said they a lot of off name brands and they really rip you off. So if you want to waste a lot of expensive gas, let it around time you can do that. But if you wanted to do the smart thing like I've done for years, just make that one easy call. When you call 1 800 mattress, you can be damn sure you'll be speaking with a company you can trust. Choose some silly, certain Simmons King coil, temperedic and stirrens in foster here. Check out mattress.com online for all the styles and sizes and do with all the smart people. Do call it a more choice in bedding. Dalamacris. Just that one easy call that easiest is a piece of cake. Easy species of shopping even a shrug can do it. 1 800 MATTR ES leave off the last S because it stands for sensational stupidity. And this is Neil Rogers. This is 5168. Watch it. It's very stupid by every child, but you have 560 WQP. Oh! Well, he's a fella, has he had things? Oh, who got the money from his daddy? Oh, and as I said my little friend, he's born within a gender that's practically. Oh, well he's a fella, has he not a fella? Well he's a president, so does and has to run. No one else is on a winning, I just want to prove right in. She's hard, she's hard, she's hard. He has to go to school, he was born with a possessed, so look out on you, dude. Get ready for the gas, he's a fella, has he got the money? Right, come on, he'll give our civil rights a whammy. Oh, I need to tell her I need that, she's a little bit of a fella. Well he's a very wealthy dude, with very bad views, who never created shoes by the steering office, bro. She's hard, she's hard, she's hard. And he's my crew with that range against money, but hey, why do you think they call it killer? Bittorial and he's race, he's a fella, has he had things? Oh, he's a big take, they've had things. Oh, yeah, he's a fella, has he had things? Oh, well that's a lady. Come on, let's do this, come on, they don't. You know, one of the interesting things, one of the first things that I till bells have been true about, and our first phone conversation he was talking about as GM of KISS, our sister in law station, that he was very familiar with our engineering department. Of course, my question here now, these several months later, is that how come they're still working for us? 821 votes on the poll, just think about it for about half a second. 821 votes, South Florida's best play by place for Skasker all time. We're going to be the wholeistic and right now, but from the bottom up, the bottom feeders are, with 10 votes or less, Jeff Remer only 8 and 8 and 8 and 8 and 8 and 8 and 8 and 8 and 8, and everything on the menu, and I paid for it. I just hate periods seven. Oh, we got that on there, I just hate. I love it. Lenk has for seven. Dave Ann Horan's seven, he's tied with that, I just hate. Jeff's McDonald five, Jimmy Syphilis only five, man, he is bad. Chris Moron for Hot Dog Half a board. Dave's traders got a pair, Mike Inglus has only got that one, so I don't know if he listens to the heat games on radio or he's not all I could. And Rich Walls out of 821 votes, guess something he's got, Josh. 0, don't peek. Ah, you looked. He's got the big, oh, no the jingles, we got the big 8. I might actually play one of those. Oh, I think you asked. Yeah. Did any rate the big 8 was great, but now it's crap. That's radio for you, man, used to be a great thing, you know. Just like those slinky's, remember I'd never have a slinky when you were kids. Sure, sir. Okay, slinky's, those used to be great too. I've actually nobody buys those now. They're still around. They are. They still have slinky's different colors, they got a plastic different size. I think we're gonna stinky slinky, like if your dog gets to the hole. Fear of rates, think of a stinky. Look at the sphere of rate, we have soft-flowed immigrant workers. Don't start any rumors now. All the lie here. A panic, rip soft-flower is panic. Not just fear about panic. Good soft-flower is undocumented immigrant communities. Rumors spread throughout the nation that immigration agents were conducting random raids. They're containing people on the streets in stores, restaurants, and shopping malls. So that's just the Gestapo making their rounds. Get used to it. From home-stead to keep a skin and have a charan from tempered pines to lakeworth, all of these bedroom towns. Potentially thousands of undocumented immigrants are staying home this week. Many fear of venturing out of the streets less they wound up too deported, even though no evidence surface of widespread sweeps. Give them a broom, let's see what they can do. Maybe a charan can only run all these people up. They see that they know that he's hate what. Business managers threw out South Florida said they saw a dramatic drop in the number of immigrant workers showing up at the WorkSight since Monday in Homestead, or anywhere from 2 to 300 workers wait on a street court in your Crowmavid where we're morning to be picked up by employers. Only a couple of dozen were spotted yesterday. Mario, an undocumented glutamal home-stead, who would not give his last name for obvious reasons. Maybe it's Mario LeMieu. Said he was afraid to go out since reports of immigration rates began over the weekend. I tried to go find work at a morning and I go straight home after I finished working. He said before I'd go and do some shopping and get together with friends after I was in shopping. Damn sure, a president, chief executive of the associated builders and contractors in coconut creaks said more than 100 migrant immigrant construction workers had left work-sized in Broward, other parts of South Florida, and not returns since rumors began, other words they banned most. They got on the little Arab Kabus and they banned most. This scared off a graced and multiple worst-side shots said. See, once some little things start like, then the rumors start going like crazy. Yeah, here they're going to be doing it every day. Forever. Even though immigration agents conduct operations and detained foreign nationals every day, they generally go after people wanted for crimes, or those have been made in deportation orders. Immigration authority. And they go alien and can't even mind me. He hasn't called yet today, which I'm very disappointed about, just to wait. No. Nevertheless, well, I don't know if I'm going to be able to get any more calls now. I've got to get to my pilot. I'm very entertaining for a little while, but now I've got to dig into my pilot. You know, even though we're here for the same people all over again. No, I think four or five times each was enough. Although that was a little bit different today. That was a huge scale. I've got a whole new, huh? No, was it? Yeah, was. No, we actually said something other than Hitler. Some immigrant rights activists were that loud national debate of where I'm documenting workers futures love many. Service and easily spooked. Ooh. Opponents, they suggested, could be spreading rumors of rage. Just to scare workers away from political events. I honestly think it's a, ho ho ho ho ho ho ho. Stop now. I honestly think it's psychological warfare. Retellation against immigrants and application of the May 1 protest to Jonathan Fried. Go on to your tower. And act as a face of those protests. Jonathan Fried of Week out at Homestead. Raid rumors were not limited to South Florida. Homestead Committee officials said they were flooded with telephone calls around the country from the media and the public about the alleged random raids by US immigration and customs enforcement agents. US officials said they believed rumors started after homestead security secretary Mickey Churdoff last week announced to crack that against employers or our undocumented foreign workers. See, he slipped in the Mickey. There's an announcement came coupled with the disclosure that ICE agents detained 1187 authorized immigrants in 26 states including 38 in Tampa. Oh, what a place. You know what they were picking in Tampa not let us not to strawberry do if they're picking core? No. Back home total. Then on Monday, ICE officials and Miami announced the biggest wave of criminal undocumented immigrants in Florida and a decade. It turned up 183 people including 43 convicted criminals were detained in the Miami area and three other cities. Most of the immigrants are 130. Not 30 minutes. They've been deportation orders but another 53 were detained because they were near Bob and agreed. They just happened to be in the wrong place the wrong time. When they found the alleged of sconders. So in other words, they just happened to be hanging around. Oh, well, let's grab you two while we're here. While we're at it. You know, let's make it a package deal. Speaking of poor Mike. Yeah, I'm thinking about so many of those people who died and then so many people who are still alive. You follow what I'm saying that we can like swap them out. For example, I don't want to pick on them but Greg hates you. I don't want to be one. Oh, God. Let's bring back Mike Renewary and just put Greg in the box. If heard of the old Jack in the box, how about a Greg in the box? Sounds interesting to me. We better keep leaning on that pull now and I see if I ease off on it because Josh isn't doing anything to help. He's still worried about Zach. Or what was it named? Yeah, that's right. Kathy with a crack problem. 835 votes on it. We better get to well over 900 by the top of the hour. It's going to be another one. I don't want, I'm a little ill and I'm making nice recovery from this flu. We got 842. So we should be able to, look at the George Clooney talking about Sudan and Darfur. Get out of there already. You jackass. Go make another stupid ask movie. Go make another Siri animal movie. I've seen it all over just like everybody's supposed to be watching this, you know, this flight, whatever it help movie it is. What is it? 93 93. And they keep whipping up all. This is how it was. It is not how it was any more than the temptation to Christ or whatever that Melgivos movie by Melgivosin. The passion, the passion, the passion, the passion, the passion of the Christ. And then the Coke says the last Getsky, the one that croaked there, whatever they were slumped around on it, slam. Oh, it is. It was. Yeah, because he says so, that's how it was 2000 years ago. And this is how it was with all those phony cell phone calls. It supposedly all managed to get through from 32 to 7,000 feet in the year, which it doesn't work period. Isn't it amazing? All every call got through. And that's something. That's something. Yeah, America is what it is. And I'm going to say it again. This crap about the big hero there. He said, let's roll. He didn't say, let's roll. Even got out of the tank now. He said, roll it. He was talking about the food cart. They were trying to jam the way the cockpit didn't get it open again. Think of those little sticks out of there. Roll it. Not let's roll. That's what George always says. Let's roll it. Right? Let's go. 208 past noon. Mother and your big radio star. You have somebody else roll it for you. That's right. I buy it. They roll it. And that's exactly right. And so, where do we go? That's not a good stuff. We're dressed up. Thank you, ladies. We're teaching the voice. Everyone calls us back. We're teaching the voice. Like a binding man. We're teaching the voice. And let's describe some lessons of tale. This isn't all boy too. We're calling not your top or somebody should confront Safer's lingerie if I have Ebola. Did she scratch you here? We all are. We all are kids, watching shirts. We all have my little shirt. What a picture that's come over me. Like a man who loved my chest. So goodbye, let's raise this. On my poor innocent level, me. My king to my soul. Let's know freely. I know it's true, so. It's called. It's written in school and under. It's called. It's not written in white. It's not my father. It's my family. It's not written in white. It's written in white. There we go. It's seen their voice. About 35 at 56. Nobody threw him 850p votes. And which waltz has got to guess how many Josh? Zero. Right. Absolutely. Correct. None. My king, this is only got one. That's a guy who affects the men who have it on the, uh, once a day. They have straighter to all of he said he seen him in the, in the, in the, in the, looks like a, She'll have, but he's great on the year. Well, I guess nobody listens to the, he games on a radio. Surely nobody listens to the, my own games on a radio. I'm not talking to the, I'm asking about on the radio. Am I see Esther? Am I, you pardon? So it's kind of tough. Give him her journey most into the self, it's games. Of course. Yeah. He was on a radio. I know. He was great. If he were selfish, man, I hated him like poison. Because I hated the selfish, but he was a great answer. He was, uh, hammered that stole him on. He was great. He was kind of like a, uh, 400 of Scott Farrell. And he was really a great play by playing out. So it was supposed to for all he just was make play. By the way, I'm not going on your show spot. So they me alone. Not going on your show to discuss hockey or hockey trying to create anything else. I get four hours, uh, you know, I get paid when I'm on here. Anyway, this door, even love. Tena Mildbank, not really, no, no relationship, Dan of Bash. Is she still, they still put that pinhead on there. They are shrunken head on with the Lou Dabes into watch every night. I don't much, Lou Dabes. Yeah, she's more of the situation room. I am so sick and tired of that whole, you know, that, you know, I want to say, it's like the boy who cried wolfless, great. Just over and over and over. I don't be like if I came on and talked about the same damn thing here. We day for 30 years for crisis. As of the first 20 years of it, people get a little bit. Even now as it is, the moment when things be talked about, they still are getting, uh, it's ponderous, man. Although another 5 or 10 years of this would be good. Just keep saying, no show is just end the checks. How's that sound? All right. That's what you get to raise that. Just keep saying with the checks. That's going to be the new contract that Normus working out. How you come out on that by the way? We got that thing, no, and I haven't gotten that thing. You know, it goes over to the west coast where they sit on it and wait for it to hatch. Well, I got news for, I'm not going to consider a steady my ideal until they get you guys a sign sealed in the liver. Okay, as Peter Frampton would say. Sorry, I'm not going to consider standing till 25, 25, huh? All this talk, talk is easy. Get off your ass over there and do something. See, they can never do anything that is as you know. They always have to drag it out and in addition to which I don't know why they drag your thing out because it's rectilactored to the first of the year anyway. So no matter how much they stall, the old stall routine ain't going to save many money. No, but no, it's just for aggravations say, because they like to treat everybody like crap. They have a pace that they operate at. I see. Slow, like the tortoise. Anyway, didn't go back to the Washington Post, right? You're a gentleman, this is beautiful. Ladies and gentlemen, start your engines. Gas prices have gone about three bucks a gallon again and that means it's time for another round of congressional finger pointing. Since George Bush and Dick Cheney took over as President Vice President gas prices have doubled, charged Senator Barbara Bautjade, Democratic California, standing in an ex-son station on capital Hill where regular unleaded hit three ten. They're too cozy with the oil industry, she said. Then, she have to know where Senator Clark is. Senator Chuck Schumer, Democratic New York, used a Hyundai Landtree to make the one blocked unit to and from the gas station news conference. He posed in front of the field price and gave a thumbs down. Get tough on Big Oil, he demanded a Bush administration. Couldn't walk the block. By comparison, Senator Maria Cantwell, Democratic Washington was a model of conservation. He told his staff, idling and agedity without her, then Dr. Mdissucci restaurant for lunch before making the journey back to work. She walked. What a concept. Oh, I wonder if Greg was in that suci restaurant. I hear it's the best of the city, Greg. Oh, sorry. And about the same time, House Republicans were meeting in capital and the capital for their weekly caucus, topic A, gas. The House driver would jam with cars many idling including H heavy suburbans that could 14 miles a gallon. America may be addicted oil as your president posted, but America's into the Nile phase of this addiction is evidenced by the behavior of its lawmakers. They proposed all kinds of solutions to hot gas prices, taxes that oil companies domestic oil drilling releasing petroleum reserves, but they grew the obvious that Americans drive too much in two big cars. Senators were debating worse spending by yesterday, but the subject is very well-eached in the gas prices. Senate minority leader Harry Reid, Democrat Nevada, Gades is deputy, and the Democratic leader of Illinois and a riveting colloquy. Is the Senator aware that the LA Times-Hide Line reads today, Bush proposals viewed as a drop at a bucket? I'm aware of that, Durbin replied. Senator Pete Domentic, Republican and Mexican responded with a economics lesson. Oil is worth what people pay for it, he argued. Senator Hillary Clinton sounded the alarms, where one accident or one terrorist attack away from oil at least $100 a barrel. Senator Lisa Murkowski, Republican of Alaska made a plea for conservation, we have to move quickly to increase our oil efficiency, she urged. But not too quickly. After lunchtime both Senators emerged from the capital for the driver cross the street to their offices. Senator John Sinuno, Republican who hamster hot energy MCU-Kime, 14 miles a gallon, Senator Jim Dement, Republican of South Carolina, signed a board of Nissan Pathfinder 15, Senator Bellon and Ben Nelson, Democrat of Nebraska, said that it would be an eight-seller for a floor of 14, Senator Diane Feinstein, Democratic California, Disappointed away Lincoln, town far 17, Senator Ted Kennedy, met up with the idly Christle minivan that gets 18. Next came Senator Bob Menendez, a new jersey greeted by a four-to-sport XLT. On the Senate floor Tuesday, the United States had complained that Bush remains opposed to higher fuel efficiency standards. Also waiting, three suburbans, they Nissan Armada V8, two Cadillac and Alexis. The greenest Senator was Richard Luger, who was picked up to the pre-60 miles a gallon, and the quadruple, the fuel efficiency of his Indiana counterpart Evan Bye, who was met by a Dodge Durango V8-14. As an political matter, Democrats clearly sense they have the advantage in high gas prices, judging from the number of speeches and news conferences, the cost of Republican corruption when it comes to energy is hitting home very clearly for the American middle class, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, resulted yesterday morning. And at the meantime, they're sucking up to get the bill. And the Senate is coming out of the sky. A sampling of senators and stat cards parked along Delaware Avenue, northeast found that those displaying Democratic campaign, bumper stickers, and a somewhat higher average fuel economy, twice a mile's a gallon, those displaying GOP stickers 18. And that very significant? Yeah, yeah. A fuel efficiency waiting could be found for the 1970s Volkswagen thing on by Senator Richard Burr, Republican or K. Probably to want a Ted Bundy drove and was his bug? Maybe lawmakers expected to learn it says, when GOP senators had lunch two day couple of blocks on the Capitol, many took cars, Senator John McCain, emerged from lunch looking for a ride when he's by the Washington Post, Sheila Murray. We're considering he said, I'm in the foot. I need the exercise he said. Yeah, as soon as he saw a reporter from the post, I'll let the study start leading exercise real bad. Make that job, go back, make that cheap go back down. Can you imagine if Jerry Lewis would have got the months? A couple years ago? Oh, right. How would you know? 870 votes don't be slack enough on this pull and by the way, Rich Walsh is consistent. May not be good, but he's still got the big vote. This is new Roger. Here's another one which this, we five 16, 16, 18, 10. I'd be fine. He's beautiful. Oh, he's on fire right now. She does walk in little pets, though, isn't she? Really though, we're just like any other couple. The day this hot couple in Hollywood times, even better than the two in the ashes of pride, Reds it with just frankly, got to be the blinds, and now she's with child and her names, I'll joke with all jokes. This is that hotel we're called for, She's leaving so loud that's that for her. They call for me, sadly all day are green. You'd best bring up what's left you bang and tell me not to leave. So she's with you. Oh, Bradford, share them with you. We can't let you to go. I'm too proud for me. Oh, just what I'm all given. Would I join up the town? Let us got a new friend. It's nearly five times since she's been out badly assorted. That morning it's too great as it's world wide-a-hole today. All Bradford and Montenegro you've been looking for me in sightings. It's like joining the new way for men with that to be not totally. And when kids, I saw them situated in the streets. So, that how much you like them. We have a bunch of older kids. We've got a bunch of more than four kids. Our kids are really... Try to hurry up, ready to do it! Hey, son of a problem, I'm proven money, I guess. 1248, 800, what we got 81 is over to says on it. We've got to get to over 900 by the top of the air. We're going to go through another one, though. So, all down to the wire things, I don't want to do that today. Do you? I don't like that. And of course it is very important we get to a thousand votes by two on our poor everyday, because I don't know why, because I said so. How's that? All right. And Josh agrees, because it adds a little... I don't know, it's like a little challenge, you know? Yeah, and I have like a little challenge. Like trying to slap a David and boring on a back there in the middle of a marlin's game and wake him up and you know, make him a little more animated. Which is why Josh ain't doing the job anymore, because he tried it numerous times and never worked. Here's a story you're just going to want to puke from. Oh, God. A nine-month-old boy was killed today this morning in Del Rey Beach. After his father bashed him onto the hood of a car, then Truman will canal to a domestic dispute, police say. Okay. A charming? Yeah, lovely. Here's what police said happened earlier this morning. Charles Edward Tyson, 20, and his partner Shernika Shermika Mosley, 17, and the baby, Charles Edward Tyson Jr. We're driving from West Booker Community Hospital there home in the 1300 block of Southwest Second Street. It was immediately known by the couple was at the hospital. Police said the couple began arguing and Mosley was accused of impidelity. The argument escalated in Tyson's friend to kill the baby, maybe just a bad name that Tyson's saying, oh, lady. At Lyndon Boulevard in Congress Avenue, Tyson's friend to throw the baby out of the window, Mosley who was driving, talked him down. A short time later on the 700 block of Southwest 17, that was Mosley slowed the car. Tyson again threatened to throw the child out of the window, the car stopped. This time police said he tossed the baby out to the passenger side window into the dirt. Mosley got out, ran to the baby, Tyson and Mosley struggled. Tyson grabbed the baby, I want to lay against one of the child that's heard of the car. Police said the impact was so hard it dented to the hood of the car. Mosley wrestled the child away and put the baby in the back seat of the car, but Tyson jumped in behind the wheel and took off. At the Losen Bridge, over the C4 canal west of Congress, police say Tyson stopped the car and took the baby out and threw the canal and drove away. He returned to Mosley and told her what he did. He began screaming so hysterically that people in the neighborhood called the police. It was 252 in the morning this morning. Within a short time, police and firefighters found the baby floating in the water about 10 feet off shore about 300 feet south of the bridge. That's floating in the water as in the dead. At 321 a.m. police went to the Tyson Mosley home, Tyson aced at the house telling police, take me to jail and 402 doctors had tell me medical center for not the baby. They did. That one of the most charming stories you've ever read in your life. First sterilization baby, I'm telling you right now, you people laugh. Think I'm joking about that. Fourth sterilization. Okay. Think what you want. That's the only hope. You can think what you want. It's like never going to happen. I understand that. Look, people always say, well, give us the answer. I've given you the answer for years now, but you just, uh, uh, uh, okay. This business of people reproducing like rabbits, you know. Okay. And as you know, it doesn't take like any great, uh, sea deal. Nope. Then take no great skill. Sometimes it might give you a little shrivel, but then everything goes down here. 886 goes on a pool. We damn all better get those other 14 by the top of the hour. I want to like breathe real easy during that one to two hour. I can't believe I actually got through yesterday and today, you know. I got up this morning. I had every intention because I was laying there and bed. I heard the fact machine fucing. So I knew that you were already there because Josh would never be there with that hour. And I don't blame him. But I thought, well, George is there. They I could go in and tell me, you're around today. We covered four yesterday. It's my turn. Right. So you could have, I don't want to do that. Good. I don't want to do that. Huh? I don't like being one of those, uh, and of course there's no way of knowing. I'm a long ways away. I could be sick like one two days a week, you know. I worked with people like that, who are always out sick. And then there were people who worked with who you wish they would have been sick like Rick Riley, but that's that's your thing, you know. Yeah. My type. Former Soviet president, my amitile Gorbachev, that's old grapestay man. He's the world's biggest industrialized nation to set up a $50 billion fund to support solar power, worrying that oil or nuclear energy were not viable energy sources for the future. Gorbachev, who chairs an environmental think tank, green cross international, called on leaders of the group of eight industrialized nations to invest in renewable energy sources. And a statement marking the 20th anniversary of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster. Oh my god. What about the three mile island? Why don't we have a commemorate there? Because nothing actually happened. Wow, but it could have though. It could have, but it was going to be really bad. I mean, every time I'm right. It failed as bad as it could, and yet nothing happened. Death of John Lennon, the death of Elvis, the king, 20 years after Chernobyl, all the assassination of President Kennedy, we're very big on commemorating dates. And then we just keep doing the same crap over and over again. As leader of the Soviet Union, 86 Gorbachev led the immediate response to the world's worst nuclear disaster, which led to at least 4,000 deaths, and sent a radioactive cloud over parts of Europe. The green cross proposals were contained in letters and saleders of the group of eight industrialized nations who were due to meet in Russia in July. Some of the proposals reported last week in the financial times. The idea reflects our vision of a way of helping the energy and poverty in the developing world-locquating concentration of solar energy in cities that could be used to prevent blackout, Gorbachev sent. He turned out to be a pretty good guy in this guy, Gorby. Now, if he will go and be a great steam, people are like, Huh? He's got him under forehead. And I've got my hair all sliced off. I could like, paste with him, I've got all forehead up there, and I could place the beard. Yeah, but make it in the shape of something like, you know, butterfly or butterfly or good, butterfly or free. Gorby-choff said that nuclear power does not add up economically and vermin or socially. Nuclear power need to restate a matter of energy, problems with the way of panacea for cloud-eaching challenges. He said, green cross and nuclear technology requires huge amounts of initial capital, while decommissioning plants is hugely expensive, and costs continue to be incurred long after the nuclear power station is closed. Direct subsidies to nuclear energy in the west total of 115 billion between 1947 and 1999 with another 145 billion indirect subsidies according to the non-governmental agency. It's today dwarf those been on solar or wind power. The G8 pretty soon at the Britain Canada, France Germany Italy, Japan Russia and the USA. It's good old the Gorby, I say let's bring it. Let's get rid of Bush and put Gorby-choff in there, right? I think that's a sensational idea. Sure, let's just get rid of punting over there and put Gorby back in sounds good. Sounds like a capital idea to make, for written to it. Now we're going to make that to go for get that big draft party Saturday. So I'm going to say about that. I'm I'm I'm I'm sure if I'm tired of talking about the honest is there to hear that promo. Big thing Saturday is that the Hooters in Pembroke Pines, Mad Dog, Josie, the big old, who is always rock solid, 893. We'll have it. We'll have it. We'll have it. We'll have it. We'll have it. We'll have it. We'll have it. We'll have it. A pal, I still feel already hurt today. And if it's in the history of the H big holes hit me and I have time to tell... Don't hit me snug when. But what we last got was for me? All of this isn't drafts yet. Students always thought it would be devastating to go out with another reason for anything. I was a rude man he said I could be bankrupt because the people of the rural area understood that way so that they wouldn'tosing that power. I thought I was free. I'm glad that Josh knows I just took up for me on it. There were a lot of great lines in there. Yeah, he usually put in the first hit. He never did he say that in the first two. I never said that. Just when I thought I was out, they pulled me back and he's so damn good when he wants to be. I'll put you know, he's been in a lot of crap. And thank God you never saw and never will see. The scent of a man you even spell that when a mile away. This is Neil Rodschner's thing from the police. That's a six, five, sixteen, two, eight. Not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon. Absolutely. Who's the scienceologist that turned out to be a hypocrite? Stop. You damn right. Who always be true that it's never made for something. Stop. Can you do it? Those are the cast that's making fun of every other really done. Stop. Not only. This is shit. This one very much mother. Shit, son. I thought it was shit. And we can do it. These are two things to hard, but no more understanding, but I'll never. Yeah, shit. I can't go in. Excuse me, but I do believe that's just X. It's one of one in five, sixty, seventy, two, seven, two, seven, six. I don't have any two months to reject you. I want to do it two more. I haven't seen a lot of more of you. Thank you. We got nine hundred and six votes. We've got 900 mark top. We should be okay, right? Okay, we just think we're okay. Okay, and the good news is rich balls out of over nine here. Oh, see, finally got one. Either a relative. Maybe Mrs. Walsk or maybe a sympathy would think, or maybe both of these. Right. Very sad. although you know it's best of all time because a lot of people you know maybe the thing is pretty good but he sure is how many know Jimmy Siphalos for example. Take of a job on those dolphin games by the way Jimmy. Not. I hope those guys don't lose another three and a half four million on the dolphins this season when I be bang because he would all the money that they've got over there the fine bird family it's just it probably has to be a limit to the amount of writing that they're going to swallow over there and next two day morning they can you know they can do all the cranking that they want the fact is next to the morning you just wait because in this particular case you know that this season's already we've already shown their stuff you know with mad dog and Hank and of course we're still doing okay here but what do they got you know they keep doing the ones and the two is just a matter of time and it's going to be by by it's going to be like RFX Fox sports radio all over again or it's going to be like the fan 1980 on a radio dial all over again maybe they can get more testies just draw it back on speaking a radio which is his alien from QA missing I can think of David Lennahan remember he had that story about the guy that fired it in St. Louis okay David Lennahan it was dismissed in March from KTRS St. Louis after using the word cool during conversation about US Secretary of State Condoloser Rice in a potential credentials for the job of NFL Commissioner we turned it over this week on the news talk KRMS AM almost the MS KRMS in OSAGE BEECH Missouri a one kilowatt that's a 1000 watt station located in the Southwest of Diffords in City kind of a little puddles up a radio station like the Lake Bob the Kansas City Star reports that on the handle host the four to six PM slot on the station for the next two weeks KRMS owner Dennis Calzard told the newspaper that he spoke to Lennahan about the potential full-time job of the station but he reports the talk host once remain in St. Louis where he also does post doctoral research in spinal cord injury at Washington University Lennahan was a Paul dry several times for his rice remark and said he missed spoke while trying to say the word cool COUP told the star I'm just down here getting back behind the mic you have to learn from things and move on he said as in move on dot org kind of I don't know it just seems hard to put the two together you know guy who is doing dot he does post doctoral research in spinal cord injury at Washington University and he went on the air at KTR since they lose and said cool instead of cool at somehow that the pieces of that puzzle don't fit together my mind I'm saying well people miss speak all the time yeah lucky if you were to say kind of loser that would be nice that's doctor rice to yeah American rappers Snoop dog was in police custody they have to be arrested the five other men thought we were disturbance at London's heat your airport police service be saying oh come on when the police are for I've never heard this I think you have a 34-year-old star from a number of you know to it my as well as there scottling yards had seven police effort minor in reason putting your fractured hand after the recovery of the report around six o'clock last night to do with the disturbance involving some 30 people dot to the man in a British airways business lounge members of the group became abusive set of police spokesman at the back of the school and we're trained their baggage six members of the group all ages near 30s dot to the man with something we're arrested on suspicious of violent disorder and afraid when I whatever that is afraid a spokesman said dog whose real name is calvin wrote us became one of rap's biggest stars after his debut album doggy style top the charts in nineteen ninety three does that do he stop dog and the other man all americans were taken to westland police stations where they were held in custody media reports that thank other breads are rowdy like that is first in the soccer right media reports that dog was waiting for a flight to Johannesburg in South Africa British airways spokesman told the date of dialing mirror there was an incident involving a group passengers that are allowed to wear some passengers or routine abusive door stamp and that's something we don't tolerate we could put up with that kind of crap even if he do seem pretty good wrap and he also he also told the brits I think we're buying it by the way thanks again mr president for those low-ganish prices all companies reject price-councing accusations are making record property species of this puzzle together record unbelievable profits eight billion dollars net profit for excited the first quarter and they said they're not gouging the public is that does that piece fit in your puzzle right new puzzles when you were kid yeah for those of kid everybody did you ever do probably Josh still do them yeah one right now he are he's puzzling the QA and put a little yeah he's putting at the exact puzzle together watch out for the real big piece there where you back them nine hundred and twelve votes on our poll today it's a pretty yeah conclusive I would say Sanford is best type I play sports after all time is I hate this pull one fifty one eight wins again oh hate all over the place here rickweaver one thirty eight he was great one thirty eight but they hate I hate sports one oh six Joe Angel one oh two board him in a bad mistake there when he screwed him over he was he was good he put he put something in it we know he's like alive and enthusiastic and had his own cornball cliches you know put it in the windcon but at least he you know handsome personality as opposed to that current stiff we got those in for sixty seven sunny her sixty five more Howard David in the forty seven what have gotten more votes if he would know the names of the players but and wouldn't worry that that's out for the games all the time that was bad bad form blue shambi forty one table Brian forty school you day of go away remember the tally brightening in my show on i would eat that one day no you know no I just bought my brain filter catch yeah I wouldn't blame him what am i go error agreed we talked to his team for TV wash of the heat he's got twenty six don't forget s stands for uh Josephic he twenty five who desperately is that personality transplant soon gully seventeen just needs a vocal cord transplant maybe we get like a group group of group operation maybe the same doctor that performed the operation and most her peace could do those operations you think maybe they supposed to get one two day of how much they have sixteen micro mark for a number only fourteen i guess they forgot about him he was very good he was for it was well and it was well and a good guy he was a good guy but his life was a real pain in the ass remember she was always uh no behind my back how come the arraggies always pick an adjoz again i think we should have think for Joe was that his wife thought that was rimmers white no mark bandom ears live rumors wife what she care about Josephic rumors wife was all bad on the ship because of the fact that you are always picking on him yeah and me and me too are the due to get i just hate period of thirteen just hate dot dot dot just hate jep hermer nine and then trust in that he follows i just hate dot dot dot jep hermer nine then cast for seven they've been horned only seven how many seasons that was it about four five he's been doing among the administration Josh on this will be five six six yes he he's just doing one vote a year a little bit better than that well that's that's not too impressive to me davant horn seven coma man juggs McDonald six funny dummy even when he was like not a hundred years old and uh he could see some and back in the island today he's still always sounded the same he was really uh up so i call he he wasn't a car with rimmer one day and i see his an old hack very upset but you know what he was what old hack i just never liked him i mean you know he might i don't know he might be a good guy remember said no but he might have been a good guy but he just to me was just never never very good Jimmy syphilis five i mean that's just my opinion juggs don't don't take it personal i mean you're gonna be you know in the nursing home pretty soon anyway Jimmy syphilis five crismore on four day of straighter four mike english is got one spigot and lace baby spigot in place you want to live it who did know for southboard okay people with spigot in place or pick up the opigot abania but my king base at one and ritual is finally got one out of nine sixteen better keep your eye on that total man i want to make damn sure we get to that so look at that just be first it's still nine sixteen you people got a lot of work to do on your rages dot com don't just sit back rest of the on your fat ass your laurels okay and why what is that right what does that mean resting on your laurels i know it's supposed to be resting on what you've done in the past but right well i mean the laurels are racetrack and merrillimble what what are laurels that you know laurels are those things that they play some your head like the ancient grief like around season is had like Jesus had no those are different laurels oh they placed around due to season is what back home yeah was that before after i got stabbed during i see nine seventeen you see that the boats of port and their Susan calms again the organ is a is almost for whiny old that's clear the pranks are glad that i got you to know uh... tour all jade struck all my stories and uh... tour double doves because now you get a chance to see the situation room and so how pathetic well but and they consider him to be the uh... cast me out you know he's these the big kids wolf yeah i'm seeing him but he's on the right prime time all right and then even after the lord of the comes back again in the situation room he's a cadaver he is pathetic not prevention of course a car carrying on to this is meill grant this is my safety was power david a bitch does sighing five That means we got to take away! I did hear jackass, what the hell did we do? Don't you decide who we ought to hang in? And I do for sure, who she's a bully? She's a bully, they've been a Christian life, They're not gonna try or she's a bully, who she's a bully, a passionate bully. She's all our families. You are home to a lady. Stop we don't mismet it. Let me must act who she's a bully. She's a bully, a woman, a hate you, a woman you're a bully. She's a bully, a passionate bully. What you know about you, I'm not a passionate guy. I'm a bully, a woman who's a bully. When you're 18 to five, 60, W.G.M. You're coming up to a class, that's why it's so real. It's tough to maintain our momentum here today. Our momentum, you know what I mean? 930 votes, 930. Not 30, man. So we got 70, but we still got some more to do. You folks got 30, but are half on it, baby. 931, there's another one. Rich, while still has only one. 931, we need 69 votes in 42 minutes. Should we be able to do that, but you never know what is proud? Here, this from the Charlotte Observer, because I know you're all looked up about those lacrosse players. So, the other of the accuser in the rape case involving Duke University of lacrosse players, said his daughter was raped at it with a broomstick during a party last month. And that explains the defense lawyers claims that no DNA from the players was found on her. Well, should they start looking for life's spooners, maybe? Maybe. I don't know how you do it. The woman's father appearing on MSNBC's way to cost me life. The correct Tuesday night. Said his daughter told him that when three team members of rape and Sodomized did it, her, they also used a broom. The father said he learned about the broom from others, and then she took a scripting her name as a hillie. Oh, that's bad. It is bad. It was very insensitive and obnoxious. I really glad I said it. The father said he learned about the broom brothers and said she told me after we're because she didn't want me to know that party. Well, it's not that I'm insensitive, but I just, I don't know how the media picks and chooses, you know. First of all, nobody gives a crap about lacrosse. It's number one. Secondly, there are women getting raped brutally every day in American All over North American all over the world, and nobody seems to even find crap about Anna dos women. Yeah, they were a... They were a... They need lacrosse team. Oh, I see. But like I said, nobody cares about lacrosse. Footed in the football team, they ain't the other story. Durham Civil Rights Activist Victoria Peterson told the observer on Wednesday that an investigator in the case told the woman had been satamized with an object. He didn't say a broom just an object said Peterson has become a friend. And vice of the woman's family since the party. He told me she wasn't just raped it, and she was terribly satamized with it. When reached by the observer on Wednesday, the film of the woman's father said he was leaving for a doctor's appointment and couldn't talk. Defense lawyers for the players would not have available and didn't return phone calls for a comment. Police officials also are a mum, and papers filed with a court police assertively became a vote of our house where the party occurred. Made no mention of seizing a broomstick. And a broomstick was not a mum, the items police said they wanted to see when they applied for the search warrant. The woman's father also said in the TV, and if he let his daughter consider dropping the case, because of the immense pressure from all the attention in public debate. She has talked about it, as a matter of fact, she told me it was getting to be too much out of the father since she couldn't take it, so far she's still hanging in their tough. Peterson said she's poking with the accused of twice and found her other great deras. She's depressed. She's crying. She needs help. This lady is out of it. He's a civil rights activist. Of course, this must be a racial thing because she's black. And actually there are no black fellow cross players. They're very, very, very white. There's one other thing. There was one black of a cross player. That's what I heard. I didn't see him. I really, if there was one, we haven't seen him. He was the one guy who wasn't testing me. I see. Well, I mean, because she said it was all white guys. There you go. So it's got to be a racial thing. Just like Susan Smith, remember when there was a black guy's kidnapped to her kid, it's just the word, yeah. What? Just the one, what? Which is one black guy? That's right. I just make it up anyway. I was about 10 of them, you know. I hope gang. For Susan, man, her local resident, say her fellow citizenry in South Carolina, they didn't want to be responsible for her death. So they let Susan live. And now she's having those exciting, lesbian relationships behind bars. That we're reading about in the tabloids. You have read about that. No. Oh, yeah. So people go into behind bars and get good old time. Or they just have a good old time. Is what we're hearing. Well, there's Jose Haminis Gonzalez, your attorney general. Director Clark will now make a few of mine sounds. And plus, he's in his captain's nationwide operation. Right amount of heat you will legally observe his butt. Aha. Here we go. There's Mr. Attorney General. I also want to ask you, and I'm going to ask you, deputy special agents, troopers, police officers, counting sheriffs, robbermen, who made this a laser vessel. And this country is suspected that there are literally thousands of people wanted for some sort of sex crime. That's a squarling number. But as part of the Attorney General's priority to protect our nation's children and others from sexual predators, we use the operation Falcon as a way to curb that number. Aren't they all Mexican people? I don't know. Before we hit the streets, I told our law enforcement teams the whether you catch one sex offender or 100. They were going to make our children, their communities, and our country's safer. In that end, we got more than 1,000 fugitives, wanted on sexually related offenses, and I couldn't be more proud of the results. The Senate may look at this and think it's just a way to pat ourselves on the fact for doing our jobs, but that would not be just as to what an amazing operation this was. Amazing. You think it was amazing? I'm amazed. It may be on the maze. Or maybe on the maze. Special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald is said to be mulling perjury or obstructing a justice charges according to Thursday's LA Times against Carl Roe. Also, according to the Washington Post, Roe was said to be unsure if he'll be indebted in the US. Roe, for the first time, partly waved as attorney-clined privilege to detail conversations you would as attorney Robert Luskin about the leak. And as now as you have it, a source told the post. The post says Roe says to him only focused on us exclusively on his conversation about Valerie Plain with Time magazine before Matt Cooper in 2003. And whether the topic later tried to conceal it, the source said. Roe says to Biden, since that it would have been a suicide mission to deliberately lie about his conversation with Cooper because he knew before and that eventually would be revealed the source said. Lord has said yesterday that they expected this is done Roe's fate soon. After several hours, Roe was photographed leaving the courthouse. It was no matter he would return. Roe has been under scrutiny over whether he promptly disclosed what investigators in the Grand jury conversations he had with your list about CI officer Valerie Plain was admittedly to the meeting in the summer of 2003. It was a crime to dispose the identity of a covert CI agent. Special prosecutor Fitzgerald is believed to be considering perjury or obstructing her judge against Roe or charges that he offered misstatements to investigate. In other words, lied. What can they say lie through his teeth to cover his eyes? Why can they just say like that? You know, right? Misstatements. Well, I mispoke. Yeah. W2AM, hello. See when you catch him off guard, they're just not prepared. He ran away there online one. I doubt it. No, don't hear anybody. Good. That was excellent. When you least expected, I might stick one or two calls in here this are. You got something really important for us. You better, you know, you better just be hopping on it. How we do it on that pole? We're going to make our 1,000 or what? If we don't, I'm going to blame it on Geldia. I'll tell you that right now. 942. We got 36 minutes to the math. We need about 1.5 a minute. 942 is still said. Just be fresh. It's still 942. Now, if we would have put some great sportscaster on here, like I'm trying to figure somebody. Do I leave anybody out? I don't need anybody out. Oh, I don't need. Huh? The first, the first, I think, Joe Colonyn was that his name? From a channel 10, I think there were one or two guys before weaver. Of course, it was not that good. Atheist identified as America's most distrusted minority according to a new university Minnesota study. Oh, look at this, all of a sudden now. WKOM. Hello. Hello. WKOM. Hello. Leo. Yeah. This government's the deket's fireman. They do their job and they lie about it. Well, thanks. Well, we're used to that. We were in radio. Americans increasing. I get a whole bunch of them ringing there. But I'll get to you or not. I got important stuff here. You know. So don't say. Yeah. Look, I want to get to my pile, okay? I've got my appointed rounds. The Lord called me this morning on the batful. I knew that I was in bed in the ITT board. When I said, look, dummy, you're on a radio and you've got to do your thing. I said, okay, do you do that? I went in, I did. Americans increasing acceptance of religious diversity does not extend those who don't believe in a God. Called to a national survey by researchers at the University of Minnesota's Department of Sociology and by the way to my neighbor across the street. Get lost with that crap, okay? Now. Well, I should, I'm telling you, cut the craft, Cindy. From a telephone stamp that could more than 2,000 households. University researchers found that Americans rate atheist below Muslims, recent immigrants, Gays and lesbians. What about gay atheists? Oh, God. How about gay Jewish atheists? Gays and lesbians and other minority groups ensuring their vision of American society. Atheists are also in the minority group. Most Americans are least willing to allow their children to marry. Oh, gee, I guess I'm not going to marry your children. Even though atheist are a few in number of, I see that this is so, such crap. Few in number not formally organized and relatively hard to publicly identify. There seem as a threat to the American way of life by a large portion of the American public. Atheists who account for about 3% of the US population offer a glaring accepted the rule of increasing social tolerance over the last 30 years. God, I'm sorry, man. And a penny at gel associate sociology professor in the city's lead researcher. She also argues that today's atheist played the rule that Catholics use in communist and played in the past. The author is symbolic moral boundary to membership in American society. It seems most Americans believe that diversity is fine as long as everyone shares a common core of values that makes them trustworthy. In America, that course historically been religious, she said. Many of the studies respond. This is associated with atheism within a ray of moral indiscretions ranging from criminal behavior to rampant materialism and culturally leadism. Not to mention being an old proverbial for us. This is Neil Rogers, what goes wrong with that? This is five six hundred thousand. For whole radio five six eight W two A. A. He's a huge broad cast sign of all. But the building had wedding. God of hands, everybody is silly. God of hands, everybody is silly. I was doing a me on a cell today. It's none other than a prince of peace. When he was down. I don't think he's six six closed. I don't know. Wow, I don't know. I don't know. The door to the window. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The door to the window. Yeah, I got the door to the door. Because the glass just had instant. I was a scaled. Good thing I'm digging for. I should get out of this. Well, the quiet audience of the party money, though. New England's here on the yellow, Kowash. Oh, my god. I'm going to be out of the house. And we'll be out of the house. Good. Whatever. How tight. Ha-ha-ha. Wow. You are digging strong. Yeah. I'm bigger than falling in a new. I watch out. I'm just being a little bit baby. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The man in the box. I watch out. I watch out. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Why keep you ass? I'm gonna see. I do a good job, not me. How do you feel? I'm so cool. Oh, I thought it'd be. I'm 160. A lot of hosts. We need 39 votes in 29 minutes. 27 minutes. We can do it if you just get your ass and gear. That's right. So get on there. Hop on it. Here's the fact that says, please put Jose no speaking ways. Paneda. The Spanish voice of the heat on Cuba. Yeah, you're full. We're going to put that on there. Jose, paneda. I don't know how you're going to put the troll on there. Because we don't have any. Yeah, you'll just leave it off and you can pretend it's there. Oh, Jose, paneda. Because it's got a troll on this fax here. It's pretty, it's pretty. I never heard of him. Did you? I think the big heat fan that you are. I wonder how he says in his panuel. Chuck. Oh, still. I was going to tell you about that. Horrible story. Two 18 inches of early feet in Sodomized, a 16 year old Hispanic boy who they believe in try to kiss a 12 year old white girl at a party in spring, Texas. And that good old beef South man. I'm going to tell you seriously. If I had a dollar for every redneck in North America, I'd own it. I'd own the continent. It's scary. The attackers forced the boy out of a house party beat the crap out of him. Sodomized him with a metal pipe, shouting epithets associated with being his panic. Like you filthy, spick stuff like that. So it's like you're the Sodom. It's. You're the one that's always saying. I know, I just, well, there you go. It always comes back to the same spot. Black comb. That's right. So Lieutenant John Martin with the Hurts County Sheriff's Department in Spring, Texas. They then toward bleach over the boy. Apparently trying to destroy DNA evidence and left him for dead. He wasn't discovered until Sunday, day after the attack. The victim wasn't identified suffered severe internal injuries and remains in critical condition today. Keith Robert Turner said, did you see the picture of the two sign balls? No, I was seen in how the whole boy told him. Even the guys up in the was in deliverance would have run away from these two. That's how scary they look. Keith Robert Turner 17, the David Henry tuck. That's what the T, 18, her charge would aggravate its sexual assault. Investigators said, prosecutors are considered whether to attach hate crime charges, but unless the victim dies, the possible penalty would be the same. If the boy dies and it's rule of hate crime, attackers could face the death penalty. Good. Try their ass man. Get the needle lost in quickly. The case has been turned over to the homicide division. Authorities said, found 100 grand for Turner and $25 dollars for tuck. Spring is a middle class largely white sub, but with 36,000 versions located by 10 miles north of the Houston city line. Oh, right. It's all red neck hair demand. We're trailer trash runs the reverse in fact. Look what we got for president. That should tell it all. There you go. Good old Texas boy. By way of Connecticut, where better to let the clean is from. Look at that more than a thousand months cases suspected. Well, that's quite a room and that's a terrorist thing. It's terrorist thing. Okay. And that they're also running up all the illegals today. And especially the ones who've got months. If you have months or lumps, you're going to wind up in the dump. 965 and you need 35 and 24 months. That should be doable. I would think. See, well, when I first came into this morning, I thought, Now we're not going to get because I didn't put this on. It like 12 30 last night. And I came back from my late plunget woodbine. From finding to try to get some money back, which I did there toward the SN. It was okay. I found it. Good my sheen-man. Effective. If I would have stayed there, it was just two damn late. You know, I hate to do that. Never leave it. Good my sheen. Oh, look what somebody's vaccine to us right now. Can't wait to send us to the story about spring Texas. 9 months old Del Ray boy. Die. That's the death throws him in a canal. Oh, the life is just about a half an hour ago. Thank you so much for your little bit late. And by the way, president Washington still looking for restores wouldn't heath. 965. Oh, come on. Let's get on the stick here. Maybe people are so there would be another. And that's pulling it yesterday. So many adjectives for soft food and the people are there. But bring that. I guess that that covers this whole deal. Try to motivate soft food. I try. It's like trying to have a party in a cemetery. Hey, everybody. Let's go. If I like that. Excemic satellite radio holdings in corporate. They reported a wider loss for its first quarter today. While revenues more than doubled is the company continues. It's rushed to sound of subscribers. In other words, there's not enough more people. But they're losing their ass. Excem. The larger nations to satellite radio providers. And I'm serious about that. Lost 151 million or 60 cents a share in the three months. That's just in the first quarter and it marks 31. First is the loss of 128 to make your 58 cents a share. And the first quarter last year. Revenue is five to 28 million from one O two point six is the company subscriber of pounds. Well, the six point five million. Off 72 percent from people in the same time of year ago. In the most recent quarter, Excem signed up five hundred and sixty nine thousands of subscribers. So in other words, there's sent in on more people. But they're losing a lot more money. Excem and it's smaller. Bibles. Seriously. I radio are spending heavily. The sign of subscribers and program account of their businesses. Which offer dozens of channels of talk news and music for fees about 13 bucks a month. This way, case, I'm an out the unusual agreement on which it's shocked. I think of Greg Opie. He was an anti-cummy. It would appear on seven stations owned by CBS, which saw since owns star Howard Cern de Sirius at the beginning of the year. Opie an entity, but a week that a book we know about family about same patterns. Cathedral and we applaud them for that. Even though well, well, well, I'm Donna, who was very pissed off about it. But now he likes him. Yeah, probably hit the, Maybe they can hurt us. Maybe they've seen the blight. Maybe they made a nice donation to the cat or chair. Not only knows. Maybe they know where a lot of altar boys live. I have no idea. But all of a sudden he sure turned it around. Yeah, reminds me of those days. And you're the one that always has to tell me what the day that what was the name of the commission with the movies and the 30s. Hays. The Hays commission. See how if I would just do word association and think of, Dr. John Hayes or purple. Or purple Hayes or Gabby Hayes. Or what the verb B Hayes are 19th president. Then I would remember the Hayes commission. And he would remember the Catholic church. It's just arbitrarily as if this isn't a Vatican or something. He says, oh, well, this, this is the way it's going to be. We're going to sense it in movies and we're going to sense it. What, open an answer you're going to do. And we're going to pass you as. Who the hell cares about what you've done. Who thinks about it, you know, right? I didn't care what Phil down. He was a lunatic. William Donnie, you have to talk to the clenched teeth. Or in a, you know, angry. He's always angry. If I can't eat, probably, I don't think I'm going to, I hate, you know, period period period. I hate that. I hate that. Ninety-seveny-four. We got twenty-one minutes and we need twenty-six votes for it. That should be really easy. Ninety-six. Twenty-one minutes and twenty-four votes. Two little, I'm a little bit afraid, not to keep pumping us. Because if I, if I ease off, then it would get to like, right to the precipice, then it'll be in a guilty. You'll come on. Ninety-seveny-seveny, see their pouring in. Well, just to mention of guilty, is that effective? We don't get to the thousand gullies on the rest of the week. This is Neil Rush, from December 4th. This is 516. A-10. Absolutely. People want to make me bold. Don't get by my innovations, and I still got some non-stomoles. Don't get by my innovations. I've said, do you remember, Bob, behind. I've talked about my innovation. Nobody acts for my green cards. Don't think about my innovation. My innovation is sick. They want me to go away. Don't think about my innovation. They're looking at the work with this kind of thing. Don't think about my innovation. I feel the water right here, holden this, Don't think about my innovation. The King's College is my other occupancy. Don't think about my innovation. The King's College is an animation baby. The master needs some tissue. Why do you want to do this? Cut your bushes. Somebody will cut the bushes. I can't get you out. 145 at 516. Hopefully you could kill me. I've got your two. We can play that for four hours. And get an 80-share easy. Make a mistake. I can't get you out. Call the I kick your ass segment. 993 votes. We need only seven more. My so close and yet so far. You can almost reach out and touch greatness. There's Mickey Churdov on TV. He can't go job, Mickey. Whatever you're a 994, only six to go. We can't do that in 14 minutes. Who might as well fold apart, pop tit and go home. The card list says, cause Hank got off early this morning because he couldn't hear us. So let's just leave now. King of Massachusetts. I don't know why you let me talk to all those idiots today because it's been up so much of my valuable time here. I got a really great article by Bob Herbert. Sorry. I won't do it again. Tell tomorrow. Why do you let me do that? Well, you're the one who likes to call. That guy. Especially triple firms over from the same people. He likes to call best if he has to scream. Let's go to the next week. Bob Herbert stuck with Bush. Which I like the part where he just pops it down. That's his new thing now. The fading. Yeah. Just fade away. Hey, we're Ted Roman Catholic priest already waiting trial on child rape charges. Facing new charges, musting him mentally be targeted person, lovely. Anthony Lerano, 81, was arrested to do that as hall home as hall mass to do so. On four counts of indecent assault in battery and a mentally be targeted person who live near him. The Pum of District Attorney's office is not releasing the person's age or gender, but he likes to assault someplace at various times over the past four years. Spokeswoman Bridget Norton, Milton said. The Ronald pleaded not guilty as a way men and hingham district court on Tuesday was released on personal work cognizants. He's free on bail after he was indebted a year ago on two counts of rape of a child, stemming from allegation that he sold an eight year old boy for three years ago, while pastor of Saint Mary's Church in Clement, while a father. For your father. Prosecutors asked that Elrano was bailed. We were hooked that he'd be held but the judge had neither request. The Ronald retired in 1995 was placed on administrative leave and was barred from performing the pre-sleeed duties since 2002. According to a statement from the Boston Archdiocese, he escaped or returned to court on New Charges May 24. He also faces a court hearing on the old charges some time and may. How about we all soon like, I'll think of my honor of us. Whatever that is. Jos Mart. Simon Boulevard. Boulevard. How is different end of Magellan doing, man? How's he doing, what? How come we don't teach anybody about all those great explorers? Well, they try. People don't listen. People don't pay attention. That's the important stuff, man. Christopher Columbus had great Jewish sailor. The CIA has operated more than a thousand secret flights over EU territory in the past five years. Some have transferred terror suspects in practice known as extraordinary rendition. But they come up with all these further. We got the road map. We got the quintet. We got rendition. Investigation by the European Parliament says. The figure is significantly higher than previously thought EU parliamentarians are connected to the investigating fluid. That incidents when terrorist suspects were handed over to US agents did not appear to be isolated. They said the suspects were often transported around Europe on the same planes by agents whose names repeatedly came up in their investigation. The accused of CIA have kidnapped and terrorist suspects. Suspense. And said those responsible for monitoring your safety regulations revealed. The unusual flight paths to and from European airports. Reports author, Italian, MEP, Caldeo, Fava, suggested some EU governments knew about the flights. How about Manajela Mizeria instead of saying Maron? We got the new hotel about the estate. Josh that Maron was a bad guy. I mean technically I don't know what it might mean like oh crap but anyway. I thought it was a color. Well that's in Spanish it's brown. I'm surprised you knew that no one of the Spanish people around here knew that. What? I thought I was being a jerk. I was like rude. No, Maron. Yeah, he said no, he's making a bad joke. Maroon? Maroon? Manajela Mizeria. Chepiki. Wow. He suggested flight paths in there for laws made it hard to believe that many of the stopovers were refueling missions. The CIA has on several occasions, thirdly been responsible for kidnapping and illegally detaining alleged terrorist on the territory of EU member states as well as for extraordinary rendition said Mr. Fava. I love his beans. As members of the European Parliament socialists group. Nice key, Anthony. And some Fava beans. I don't, that's one of those movies as much as I like it. I've seen it about 400 times since then. I really don't need to see it again. I ate this never with some fava beans. Kind of nice and. You know, probably was really grandma boom. Oh, you know, Marc and Helen Dale Beats. There's nothing worse than becoming homeless as chronic on a fax machine as the other friend, Marc, who we haven't heard from in a while. Thank God. Do you know what I mean? Did not we start this morning? Well, let's end today when we started this morning with a fax from Marc. I forget what that was about. It was fine. And this one says in response to the article where the star state in the 80s did not have been trusted. In 1995, Paul connected by the US Department of Justice revealed that 80 to 90 percent of US inmates have a religious affiliation. Let's believe or stick that in their pipe and smoke it says, Mark, you're heathen bucked, Malmabe. You're okay, now, both Mark and so on. Perfect crap. Senate panel calls for abolishing FEMA. I don't have time to get to that. Americans want third major political party. See, here's the funny part of it. Yeah. Many adults in the US believe there should be a viable alternative to Republicans and Democrats who are going to pull by the Princeton survey research associates for a peer research center for people in the press. 53 percent of people believe there should be a third major political party up three points since June of 2004. But, find the problem is we've had other parties but they suck, you know, Ralph Nader that Jack asked that egotist running as we form party candidate in 2004 got .34 got a third of a point of all cast balance. Yeah, and then there were the wigs. Yeah, but Moga really is. Michael and of course Dave Ann Boring. Oh my god, talk about a bad piece. Michael Badneric of the libertarian party was fourth in the race with .32 percent followed by Michael Perutka of the Constitution party with point 11 percent and David Cobb of the green party at .009 percent. 9 hundred's, not even a tenth of a percent, 9 hundred's of a percent of us. So, they're looking for alternative but they just haven't found it. Maybe we'll put great could do it. Called the PP the Pdenctic party. A myth is Neil Rogers. This is 516. You can a lot of things. The Rogers on sports whole radio W2A. It's me a ticket for an aeroplane. Dr. D. Alvina Morton game. I just got to win. Spin the wheel again. Oh, then I'm bit me a letter back to what you mean. Thank you. I know you're how much money I got to spin. And send to look at that page again. Won't throw in the towers still like my young hours. Oh, then I'm bit me a letter. Wait, what do you mean there's no instant ball? I know it's me a letter. No one does live any better. I dream of both to a minute. That an all over Santa Watt. I know I don't understand why you make a 100 grand enough for me to say. Anyway, get me a ticket for an aeroplane. Got a beyond a wheel of fortune game. I just got to win. Spin the wheel again. Oh, then I'm bit me a letter. Oh, man, I love it. Oh, man, I love it. Hey, got to my take back. To love to win. Hey, they're mailing that word. Is a love writer? Oh, man, I love my god. We're getting the letter now. They're gonna want to keep you going. We're gonna go and make a play to home game. That's me a ticket for an aeroplane. Alright, I'm on the wheel of fortune game. If I just got that sound, I'm in the corner round. They've been on. Pick me a letter. Those are turned. Hey, got to lose it. When the feeling of being a letter, no one does live any better. Like me, more bold you are right. That is an oil brand. Then I don't need to stare at you wearing underwear. Not for no complaints. Anyway, I don't see a number of money. I got to spend more. Can't stand to lose that by stage. I'll go in. Won't throw in the power. Still live by your powers. Oh, man, I'll pick me a letter. Please, man, I'll pick me a letter. Alright, I'm ready to pick, baby. FGD and GFG together. I'm a P2I team because you have my days. That's your server, man. Alright, I'll take this so far. The blender and the microwave and the refrigerator. And I'm in a pot, where do you mean 500 dollar crores. I'm back in my five and quarter of what TV said. You got ripped off, man. My brother will not forget to be home soon. Give me the money and I'll buy the TV, man. Alright. And I'm on the phone, baby. And I just heard 87 and from what kind of her face, man. It was like a long time since she had a good bowel movement. Thousand nine votes, we made our thousands. Let's share it for this audience, man. There you go. North for church for that. Thousand nine. Did you excited? No. Josh never thought we'd do it. I always think we're going to get a thousand. Well, just wait. Let's not change the poll to about 955 or more. Although of course everybody's going to be tuning all around town tomorrow. Find out if the crossover is exciting is a was this morning. So anyway, thank you. And that was just, let's see if we can arrange that again. Okay, let's work on it. South Florida's best type of place sportscaster ball time is I hate this poll 165. So I voted Rick weaver 156. That's what I voted. Jo Angel 13, very respectable second. I hate sports one letter, man. All I can say to you is you're fairery. And not only that, but I can go out. Right. Bill's in for 72. Sunny her 16. Mohour David ended 54. Who's shaming 46. David Brian 43 Eric Reed 29. Joseph Ackie 27. I just hate them. I prep 22 everything. David, how much did I know? I mean, he's 17. He's sitting by right now as a matter of fact. He's going to mark the number of 16. Jeff River 10. Anybody want to buy River dinner? No. Just McDonald's a demand horn. Only a not too good. Let's ask for 7 Jimmy civilist five. Christina Moron for day straight or four. Mark Mike English one and rich. Waltz one didn't put that Julio guy. Bye.