When it be something of all the n-rong stuff and everything else, training in his pals have been involved and that he goes to jail for shooting quail with out of license. He's not going to jail. It's just a joke. He's not even going to slap on a wrist. How about it with Heli Wands? How about the explanation? He's a white house. The White House reaction. I think you can always look back at these issues and look at how to do a better drop-up. That's fair comment. I think that the media reaction is the one that's really pathetic. In fact, NBC News spent almost the first five minutes of their news case last night about themselves. You know, about David Gregory said this and David Gregory said that and the heated exchange of the end with Scott McClellan. If there was heated about all these people that are dying in a rack and about the water was based on lies, then we might accomplish something. You know, but they take some rather insignificant thing where he like, you know, obviously broke the law, which they do every day. He's just shot some guy in the face. Let me shot a guy. We deal. We were the only bad thing it wasn't Well, they want the guns they deserve it. There we go. Exactly. Guys that play with guns. Good shot. He was a keynote speaker to the NRA last year. Well, they got their own orifice. Don't remember this, if we're going to have basically their own office right next to the Oval Orifice? Yeah. Yeah. The headline and the New Yorker. The most of America are gun nuts too. So that's what sets separates America from the civilized countries of the world. The headline and the New York telling news. Bird brain. So non-starter for me. I got bigger fish to fry. I got more important things to worry about than duck hunting with the device president. Me too. Small potatoes. I'm frying pod today. Are you really? Yeah. Todd Dreck? Yeah. Now that frying smuts his back in our sales department, I was just hungry. George, we got smuts in Dreck and the sales department. And that's something I've mentioned all the station America could match that. Absolutely not. So what did Todd Dreck do to you now? Only two days without copy the expired last time. So if that boy's got a piece of copy, I'm doing twice today that says, Instagram boy the third, the days the 14th. You know, I mean, our new guides, George had lunch with Joe Belly, I say, said, a wonderful guy, good intention. He's got a new guy coming in to be the sales manager. But in the meantime, it's in lots of overcoming. It's like trying to clean up a mess after 85 elephants have just run through your living room. It's almost throw up your arms and want to give up. It's quite a mess. All these years, a great read, leaving this massive mess behind. And then of course, the frosting on that cake is what I told yesterday. And the water not see who's joined the hip with Greg, try to coerce everybody to sign a good buy card. You know, even if you don't mean it, come on, sign it. Even if it's sign it, I'm going to write you out if you don't sign it. You can't do this. I mean, the number of growth, test mistakes of this guy made it just amazing. And I can't imagine why the beeslears are just not cut the muster. Oh, how about this story? The beast, the, the worst for, or for sale? Yeah, I got that thing. Oh, okay. Well, I mean, it's just a conjecture. We've been for sale ever since I started inside radio says, bee's least, see, this is old news because it was before the numbers came out yesterday morning. I'm talking about the, um, financial numbers. Yeah. Beesley stock was up ahead of this morning's quarter for numbers. And were there also on a sale or going in private rumors, lofting around Wall Street, I've fried a question mark. Then of course, come to find out the numbers were disaster. And the stock went down. And of course, we're, as far as going on private is concerned, uh, admissions surprise anybody anyhow. Is that no business going public in the first place? That's what Craig Reed told me in our last conversation. It's only the sale part is on the sale part is concerned. All I can say is, oh, right. God, Hallelujah. Wouldn't there be greater religious station? I want to come along and buy us all out. Well, yeah. Yeah. What are thought? How much of concept? So they have to pay us leave, right? Yeah, pay us to go away. Just buy out our contracts. That's not a big deal, Neil. We would miss the audience tremendously. It's first of all, do I have to be Valentine's Day all our 10 ladies we got listening out there and everybody else too, but it would be a shame to be losing our contact with your audience like that. But I think we'd probably find, you know, some way to fumble through. I managed last year when I had my eight weeks off. Yeah. I managed seven months after passion paid me off to go away. Yeah, seven months. I think I could find something to do. And I can't think about all those people to say, oh, gee, if Neil wasn't all in the air, he would be so he'd be so frustrated and aggravated. Yeah. I mean, how could I, how could I get through the day when I've talked to all these intellectuals that we talked to every day? Oh, my God, how could I survive? It's like that summer schedule. You know, when I work two days a week, how do I survive the other five days? I don't know. Must be tough. By the way, I got my teeth clean this morning. I went to my dentist. Yeah. About a block away from here. Everything I'm so convenient for me here. I went to the end. The difference with the dentist and the doctors who just like the difference between everything else in the software and like her real city. It's civilized. It's like the difference between a real professional job and a look in a Schmier. She really got into her in the scourd man. I feel like I good new city teeth. I would good dentist. Good. I'm glad to hear it. In fact, his son is the promotion director here for the FM station for power. Yeah. And who the hell is that? Burnstein. Burnstein. Oh, there you go. Oh, my dentist here is Russian. I don't know if you do it or not he's a Russian guy. But he's good. Dr. B's good. Not good. But you have civilized medicine up there, socialized medicine. Yeah, most people call it civilized medicine. Oh, those are the perfect meaning anyway. I pay cash. And of course, when you pay cash, when you're not a Canadian citizen, they see you first before anybody else. Oh, absolutely. When you want to come in, you're a cash paying customer. You bet you. I was I heard that when I was in Denmark on a tour one time. You were a rate in Reno's cartoons were you? No, this was years ago. And they were they were talking about how about their medical system there and how it's it's referred to as socialized medicine. Then the tour guide said we refer to it as civilized medicine. Yeah. But you remember that well, what's got to be about four years ago? And I fell and broke my hand that blown in my hand at Amsterdam. Yeah. And my hands swell up about double the size. And so I got in the cab going to the hospital. And I sent emergency room and waited for about a half an hour. Which is not that bad. And they came in the x-rated and then they put the split on there and the whole deal. And they sent me away. All I had to do was share my passport and fill out a couple of papers. And then when I left, I said, well, how much do I owe you? And they said, oh, well, send you a bill. Let's say. And they sent me a bill for like 50 gilders or something. And we're like, on nothing. Yeah. And I was basically for free, even though I'm not a citizen of Holland. You wouldn't even get in the sea anybody here. Now, if you went to the airport, you'd be there. Getting seen in a half an hour and emergency room anywhere South Florida is just as unheard of. Unless you're spewing blood from every poor in your body, forget about it. Or you stop reading maybe. Right. But they won't even see you unless you show them, you know, you're pretty. Yeah, that's the first thing they want. When George took me to the emergency room in a Pemper Pazzo time I was going to pick up my check-in passion. And I had like, uh, split them a highway there, you know, where you turn off the turn-pack to go to the stadium. Yeah. And my car spun around, hit the wall and my hit his the rear view mirror. And I like a big lump like a baseball on my forehead. And so I went to the hospital and then sitting there and I got, you know, my head is dropping and the first thing they want to see is your insurance card. Yep. They don't give a damn if you don't read you. You're heart if your heart is beating it. They want to see that insurance card. Otherwise they'll be. Yeah, exactly. It's probably a back on the street. Right. Well, we don't want to have that. We don't want to be like all those fascist. I mean, those comedy pinkal countries. Right. All right. So, uh, what's on your agenda today? My agenda today is, um, killed four hours but you're it. What do we got today? We got bodice to this afternoon. We got Kimbo Bo Camp. Yep. And then, uh, yeah. Let's found thines day. Gildy tomorrow. What's that deal with Eric Reed? What's that all about? He does a weekly. I understand that. But why is what I'm asking why? I mean, does Dave's trader do a show? Let's, uh, part of our heat thing. But what do you mean part of our heat thing? We don't carry the heat. We don't have the heat games. We're not the heat station. We have the, we are heat thing. We have a heat program every Wednesday morning with that. Right. And that. But I mean, what does Eric Reed have to do with him? He's the broadcast. I don't get it. You know, I think when I get off it too, I did, I did such a good job with my dental hygienist this morning. I'm going to go get a lot of bodemy. Like, remember Jack Nicholson at the very end there in, um, Kukusness. Yeah. And the chief is looking at him and chief is going to escape and take him with me at all. But then he looks at me realizes they see all the, the sewn up parts and his hand. He felt like this is his edal abotomy. And he just kind of snuffed them out there with a pillow. It's just, I think that's what I mean. To get all the, all the other part of the station out of my head. Because we're doing just fine between 10 and 2. That's, that's the rumor. We're doing just fine. Yeah. Is that a fact when you take out the, um, November they hurricane month, they just looked at all those numbers. We were number one between 10 and 2. So, so if at a jackass who sent me that fact to chronic from Boko or whichever chronic that was, I hate to break the news to you, but the hurricane month killed everybody. But if they want to take the 0.03, whatever they hit across the street and they want to count that month, that's fine. I'm sure they would be delighted to do that. But all loose to much on a Tuesday. It's kind of an off day. Yeah, there's nothing going. We do them wrong. Tomorrow's a big day for me. Yep, me too. Tomorrow to a clock fly out that door. We'll see how much I can lose it about eight hours. I'm ready. You're ready to punch tomorrow. Good. I've been, haven't done that in a while. Like her friend Derek says, don't be afraid send it in. Since I came back from Las Vegas. Oh, by the way, speaking of that, speaking of Vegas. I don't know if you got the story. I'm sure you must have about Gretzky. Of course. I'm not talking about his wife. I'm talking about him. Oh, what about him? The Las Vegas review journal reports that he has lost more than $2 million in Vegas casinos and he's got a credit line about to 25,000 a hand. But he's not a gambler. You understand, just a wife. What about? He's not betting on sports. Not well. Not that we know of. I was trying to record. I had those things that you probably haven't discovered yet called sports books and all the casinos in Vegas. We know we wouldn't go anywhere near those. Of course, you wouldn't have to go near those if your wife is, you know, she'd take her. Lee and Bits with her, uh, slant nose buddy. Well, speaking of slant nose, what about the story about the woman? It's his, about Jimmy Hoffa. You see that story? Yeah. Her husband killed him. I got all kinds of good stuff today. I got a big pile. Okay. I saw that story. Yeah. And we were a QM usually wound up with a big pile. Have a great day. Yeah. I'll save it up for tomorrow. See ya. Bye. I'm going to go by BVG. Hey, sounds that you hate.<|ml|>ahhhhh. Yeah. Blackboard, people crack their neck for their knuckles. When I run side, we're both together. That just makes me just as well. Are you saying to you, while he's passing by away? Eight, sound, you can't stand. Are you part of the morning? Would you could tolerate if you were handsome? I am. And to the list of it, a fork and a knife, scraping on a plate, scraping on a plate, scraping on a plate, scraping on a plate, scraping on a plate... ... Here's what I really love. Little more, little more Yeah! Hey! Sounds all unique Now let's review though you can really really free Take your nails on a flat surface With people packed their neck or their knuckles Robes die reform together Cording made me so full I like when you're sneakers on a gym floor Raging an aluminum window Twins, twins, twins, twins, twilling my mold That makes me so flingol My boy singing on his record Ah! I'm tempted to not find China If these have given you the shivers That makes you a winner Hey, you know not to someone fight their form like this Because I love it Yeah, I'll do it again Do you have a nervous system left? How about the squeegee I think a window I'll crack my neck Stop for you whim, stop for a whim Away, I got one more I got one more too Since 13th of QA, in many ways, this fascist semi I'm glad you said it is a matter of fact Don't ever send me another one from Riley The reason being I looked at the header on this And it says mounted memories Sunrise Florida Oh, mounted memories Sounds like a backup from the various mounting So I guess that explains a lot about it Trying to throw out a whistle Get off our back Riley, so to speak Anyway, it's 10th or 13 already so we're going to get with it We got bullet two, mad dog 4-7 Curtis Stevenson's 7-10 As we juggle them all around We keep shoveling up in the air And then the eddy kid 10 Good old dependable eddy kid old When it comes to mattresses, a lot of gimmicks The latest are asleep numbers otherwise known as air mattresses They're only warranted in full for two years They squeak just like we heard in the last bit They squeak they pop And they can move their setting dream But I had the custom arm and leg If you really want a high quality brand name Actress that will last you for years and years And call our good post piezons And found a mattress at 1-800 mattress All run around no show room shenanigans Just factory direct prices on the best brands You know and trust When you call 1-800 mattress You choose to support as big as inventory of the top names like surda And see the King Coil Simmons temperpetic Stearns and Foster Hewitt already for same day delivery At prices always lower than the so-called Big name change doors even during their big hot shots sales Call 1-800 mattress You can have the bed you want to live in The date and time you want and to our live window When convenient for you like 9-11 10-9-11-11-1 245-445 etc I've been in satisfied customer I've been so most of the queue amers 2 and you will be 2 I guarantee it In fact I'll bet you the water not see life on it Call today call 1-800 mattress Or log on to their website mattress.com That's 1-800-MATT-RES Leave off the last days because it stands for Stupidness sensational saving This is meal Rogers This is 5-16-2A Rock solid You can a lot of it R Rogers on sports will make you W-2-A R R R R R R R R R R R R Don't take my flat very Don't take my flat very You can't keep your damn hands on my back There will be a baby The day is the end Other events can't progress Also the newlyweds are abandoned Restaurants and customers Kir<|sn|> Then go and type them You can't bring those combustion If all that illegal On my phone The day has returned There will be remnants Are always completely abandoned Are walking to the most Leaves I've got to build a bender For what happens here To find all shameless tourists Or free McDonalds Attendees The golden, the back, Mary. The take, the back, Mary. I'm driving to a tree. I do it in prison. They can check my messages from here to road. And get a broken shift in my car and compose the poles and poles. You don't lie to the order, my kid, cold dog. Take it away from me. Don't take it away. No, don't take my back, Mary. Don't take it away. I'm drinking like grape, grape, and salt, a tear. Nice and mild, good weather. Maybe, no, the cold could have with grapes, my black, Mary. It's here, man, we both. I'm on a constantly, no thing, my black, Mary. I call it my crack, Mary. I call it a busy thing. I'm a curse that I've done. Don't take it away from me. Don't take it away. I cry like the small baby. Don't take it away. Don't take my crack, Mary. Welcome back, Brian. I'm just too old to be here. I'm going to kill him. We're still in the department. We have Brian. What's on it, department? I don't know what you got to tell him. It's about it. Anyway, we need to end. Don't forget about it. You're fair, I won't. You're about it. Anyway, here's the result of the pull from yesterday. This, by the way, is the day every year when the prostitution becomes legal all over America. Right. When you got to pay for it. Who's the funniest man in the history of the movies? That was our pull yesterday. We had, what do we have? 1343 votes, because I chopped it off at about six last night. I was going to move to get this other one on there right away. In fact, I think we got a shot at a thousand votes during the show today. You won't know why? Why? We got 8883 right now. I'd say the odds are pretty good when you. Yeah, by the way. Maybe you'll get a pretty case with the odds are. Mel Brooks, 158, the funniest man in the history of the movies. Well, that's zero opinion. Peter Sellers, 131, Mod Funnier than Mel Brooks. Grouch from our 95, Roddy Dangerfield, 89, Richard Prior 75. Jim Carrey, 68. Well, I must be thinking way, way, way back when we used to like it. John C.56, John Candy, 52, Bill Murray, 50. Remember the guy that said I didn't like Bill Murray? What was that all about? I don't ever say that he was Bill Murray. I don't know. Never. I said something against Murray the K, I think. I don't know. That was cousin Brucey. John, the Lucy 47, Robert Williams 40. All man, you see this? Don't even stop to think about it. It's just moved right along. You know, we asked the questions so that we get your opinions. Even though we know that many of the times, your opinions suck. More Howard, 36. And another thing. I kind of called him yesterday. He was so good. He was great. We're thinking to give an guy. Leave us your number, uh, Pally, you old, towed Colin and maybe we'll give you two to full instead of Mo. Woody Allen, 36. Curly Howard, 32 is where I'm O's ass. Listen, he also in 31. WCfield, 29. Chevy Chase, 28. None of the above 26. Oh, brother. What a hard ass. Mike Myers, 26. Laurel, Hardy, 25. Steve Martin, 25. Dave, your pel 24. Evan Costello, 22. Charlie Chaplin and Gene Wilder, 20 of piece. Same guy, different mustache. Jerry Lewis, 17, Eddie Murphy, 12. Oh, nobody said Jerry Colona. Speaking of mustache. James Simon Bob and Eric Ily Chad 10. Only 10 for Eric Ily and Rowan Atkinson, Mr. Bean, had nine. See that tells me what I need to know about the human race. Eric Ily gets 10 and Mr. Bean gets nine. Oh, Mr. Bean. The guy is 20. No, he's got that character. He is nausea. Ever seen it? Uh, what? I said, you've only seen Mr. Bean. Albert, pretty well, I guess. Okay, that's not as only active. I will hope not. Albert first nine, Bob hopes seven, Harold Lloyd six, Marty Feldman five. Andy Kaufman and Buster Keaton for a piece. Bert Larisry, Robert Robert Dominini, too. Terry Gilliam, too. Michael Palin, one Graham Chapman, one. Carl Reiner and Terry Jones head. Oh, none. That's bad. Carl Reiner's not known for movies anyway. No. What was that? He was in. I can't recall him. Wasn't he in the, he was in Oceans 11, the remake, wasn't he? I believe I don't know. I need to get the right play. I can't believe the jerk briefly. Well, here's a long, long facts for Mark Shinebaum. Wow. He wasn't the remake, but we make a blood. Oceans 11. That's what I said. Oh, you just checked it? Yeah, he did. Josh is right on top. By the way, the three of us took a vote and we decided that Riley's facts is we're going to Schmidt cannon from now on. I know we know he's from mounted memories. Yeah, I think we like to make him a mounted memory. Just like the vice president's friend, maybe he was trying to make him a mounted memory. Oh, my God. Poacher easily stock was up at yesterday morning's quarter for numbers. That's the inside radio thing, but then turned out to turn sour. Actually, what I should do is go back and see what inside radio said in the afternoon. I just delete those. I don't even read them. Remember, I, I, I subscribed to that thing just for, I think for a year I am as subscribed. It's just like to read that one article at one day about Greg read this threatening believe and do you remember that? Mm-hmm. And then of course he did leave, but not of his own volition. Even though he'll give you a song in advance. He'll allow you. But then again, that's his specialty. Anyway, it also says, and where there are also sailor going private rumors watching around Wall Street and Friday mean, easily. Oh, please, please cracker please. Please. Please, so this is some morning in genetics with a lot of money. I'm going to pay everybody off the go away. So you can put religious programming on 24. Seven. Oh, Halle, Lua. I'm getting on my knees right now. I just like Wayne Heizig Good Jr. I'm going to say a prayer. I'm saying a brahha for somebody to buy a son. After a young mind working, it's pretty easy gigs. Getting a big bucks for doing basically nothing. But doing absolutely nothing, getting big bucks would really be sweet deal. But I mean for some of us. And then you probably line up with your own religious show. That's right. You can handle it. And the show too. Here's the Friday poll today. We got almost nine hundred votes already. Who are what is the biggest hype of all time? Okay, totally yesterday. Oh, I like that. Zacarius Moussawi used to be Zacarais Moussawi. I am Al Qaeda at the hearing you may drag them out again. Just like he's taking a page from Sodom. You know, he keeps carrying on an acormonic. He's slipping him out of there. Nice haircut, by the way. 902. That's not the time. That's the total of votes. Oh, there is a Mrs. Limbaugh. I don't know if she gives you skills. I got to change it though. Who are what is the biggest hype of all time? So many of you, hypes. Religion. Nobody even closed. 27. That was my choice. Religion. What a pile of crap. I bought it for Howard. So how you did really Howard? It's 396. That was George's idea. Put them on it. I will say this though. You got to give them credit. If we're nothing else, even though we don't, not that much into we show these days. But when we did that poll a few days ago about what you're listening to in the morning and he had like about what was it for a cent? You're pretty impressive. About 10% and plus another. A couple of percent of the listing. Pirating here and there. So about 11 or 12%. And most of those people are paying for it. And the show too. Howard 96 that's stern. WMV's 83. Or now that that come from. Eric. Oh. Thanks, Eric. America Idol 83. Or 84. Just went up his ex spoke. Super Bowl 78. The segue 55. Man, there are people ride them on every street court. They're like zip and ride along. Not. It's going to revolutionize the way we live. Man, you people are the media. They've put so much of grave robbers. You're crazy people. But. Like that. And just the way that they're filming at the mouth about this bird hunting thing. You know, all the other stuff that he's done. The secret energy meetings and all the lies that they keep showing us the clips again from meet the present face donation about the WMVs and all these other lies. Well, we can't be bothered. Putting this feet to the floor on that. You know, or the scooter living business. But as far as the duck hunting or the bird hunting, yeah, for the birds. Elvis 36. Broke as mountain 34. There's a lot more net. Low carb diets is gone. About 30 men. Carbs. But down to 24, the Olympus 23. Tom Cruise 22. Tommy. Come out before it's too late. Tommy. Before they. Lock that door. And he gets stuck on the inside. They're with our Kelly. He's got a piece. The Olympus 23. I said that. The Beatles 16. Doctors 10. Low fat diets six. Mass six. And David Letterman four. I don't know. Seven. You know, they showed the clips of Leno and David Letterman. They're comments about the. Yeah. They're like, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I went. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, it wasn't even remotely a museum. I mean, it's something that these guys have writers. They stay up till 3. And a morning writing all this material. It's very sad. Hey, attention men. Do you have that clip? One moment please. Oh, where the hell is it? I don't have that. I don't know when you've got that from. In the, well, you know where I got it from. I know it's from a spine. Attention men. Yeah. If you have a hair loss problem, if you're currently wearing a hair system, you better listen to this. You've been supplying a design and hair systems for a show business people. We're talking about the people with the big bucks. Politicians and most importantly, every day guys like you for over 40 years now, 40 count them. Most people say can always spot a hair system. Well, those people are full of crap because the ones you've been spotted the bad ones, the good ones you never would even know are there. And that's the deal with Charles Alfierry. His systems are completely natural. They look like real hair designed with just the right amount of hair and they proper recessions. Run your hands through it. It looks and feels just like your own hair. And for just 99 bucks, Charlie will custom design a hair system for you. Try it for a couple of weeks. If you're happy with the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're getting laid more than you ever did before, then you'd see us for just an initial 500 bucks. Charlie is so confident that you will be satisfied if you're off to the following guarantee. If you're not completely happy with your hair system, just return it and Charlie will give you a back of your 99 bucks. So you have nothing to lose but that shiny ugly balls butt that makes you look like Zacharis Maui Maui Maui Maui Maui Maui Maui Maui Maui Maui Maui Maui Maui Maui Maui Maui, like a terrorist. That's an offer you have to be enough to refuse. So call Charlie in day, tool free and make an appointment at the studio in Fort Lauderdale, 1-800-3212413. They'll bring in there, sit your ass down and show you just how much better and younger they can make you look, you'll be amazed. 1-800-32121, say again 1-800-3212413 or on the wicked web Charles Alfierry.com. This is New Rogers. This is 5-16-8-8-8. So beautiful. Now from Washington, the Maglachlan Group, featuring Elinor Cliffs, Jack Kimon, and sitting in for Pat Duken, New York Giant Kiki Barber. Now, here's John Maglachlan. This is you on George W. Rings of Walt, Elinor Cliffs. Well, John, I have to say. Wrong, Jack Kimon. Well, that's not an easy choice. Wrong, Kiki Barber. I'm going to have to say the book wrong. Angela Hamster, four exercise. What was an even a choice? This is you, Al Gore. They rebroad way, Joel. Bring in the noise, bring in the func, or cats. Elinor, you think it's all in all. Well, John, I have to say. Wrong, Jack Kimon. What a very difficult choice. Wrong, Kiki Barber. I'm going to have to say, right. Not a choice, we Kiki Barber. You gave it to last time that wasn't a choice. Wrong, correct response, cats, heal of some. Next is you. The cast of Big Brothers should be murdered. It's all. Eleanor. You're a fool. Wrong, Jack Kimon. I know my wrong, Kiki Barber. I don't think they should be. Wrong, actual answer. Poison, coding. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. 1034. He's the best. Faces. Places before 11 at 5. 60. Releasing it in that religion business. No more. At least you got it out of that. Oh, speaking of religion. Yeah. More than a thousand protests are affirmed into Islamabad's diplomatic district while thousands vandalized Western businesses and torched the government building in another city today. And Pakistan's worst way of violence against the prophet Muhammad cartoons officials say. At least two more people were killed, dead, did it. Interior Minister, off-top Khan Sharpayo, or is that Shapiro? Said two protesters died in the worst of the violence in the eastern city of La Hor. When a bank security guard opened fire to prevent them in space and forcing their way into a bank, he said parliament retreat through deployed in the city in order to restore order after Stoltshire and protesters ran a muck. Witnesses said writers torched the provincial assembly building. And targeted Western businesses breaking windows in a holiday in hotel. Pizza Hut, KFC and McDonald's. Oh, over to cartoons. And those cartoons they're offended. I have a response to that. Okay. One simple word. Caxal hoist. That's my response. Yes. Once a craft. All the excuse all of them. Well, you know, their own leaders are taking care of them and they're living in poverty. They're upset with the way you know something big deal. You don't kill people over cartoons. Over some religious hocus. Just another excuse for a bunch of crazy bastards getting everybody whipped up to our currency. And of course, they just move media that are still worried about the bird shooting and sitting. They can't be bothered. Tony about the fact that the cartoons that they show the public on Arab television most of more fabricated in the first place. They weren't the original cartoons anyway. And this craft about well, you know, that Danish newspaper that weekly reader news paper, they published those to be provocative. They admit that well, I'd like to know any editorial cartoon is that doesn't make you want to be provocative. And you name me anybody. What's the freaking person? That's the whole thing. That's the whole thing. It's the whole thing. You morons. Jesus. God, it's just pathetic. Well, we must understand. We can't offend other people's political. Well, why not? I think that's one of the best things we can do is offend people's beliefs. At least make them think and realize how stupid they are. Take a look at the result of that totally. 106 votes weigh and everything else. The biggest high for all time. Religion, baby. Focus, focus, he be G.B. nonsense. Mumble, jumbo. In my gumbo. And by the way, they don't care about two people in New Orleans because, you know, they don't like talk with people. That's just the way it is. You're not going to vote for them anyway. Even if they're rocky road. That's correct. Even if they're chocolate chunk. By the way, two office cookies. Good. No way. I ate two of them. And then I realized that if I didn't throw them out, I would eat that whole bunch. I put them in my herbic bag. And I took the bag to the shoot, the garbage shoot, and I shot it right down. Just like they changed. I shoot in it. That actually crossed my mind because I forgot about your teeth cleaning thing that you did worry about. That you ate that whole bag of cookies and wound up in a diabetic coma. Oh. I told you I was going to my doctor. I told you that about five times, Mr. Alley timers. That's right. And in addition, which is why I put the audio on there from the TV. So you know that at least I was there. I got a law before you showed up there. That's right. That was sitting in the waiting to concatenate. And then you never showed up. So I left about 7.45. I went shopping. Well, good for you. That's the water. Mark Shine Bomb, right? Who does that? That's right. Mark, we even met a bit of a girl. Which I might play about 10 seconds though. Well, now I've played more of a Mark and 708 news who you are. W-I-O-D. Your picture carol station presents the Mark Shine Bomb show. And your your host, Mark Shine Bomb. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Mark Shine Bomb along with my good friend, Alan Knight on our new station W-I-O-D. For now, Knight. You're fair, all my god. Can we have break? Anyway, here's a long fact. In fact, even though it's only February 14 as Valentine's Day. And it's two weeks from now, we'll be for that big 30th anniversary show of mine. But the congratulation, the telegrams, the letters are coming in from all over the world. I mean, from Denmark, from Islamabad. Do you believe it? No. The March time bomb says congratulations on 30 years of South Florida Broadcast. Third man. It is significant to your thousands of fans that your non-topic stream of consciousness talk readers actually the envy of many topic talk radio hosts. One thanks back to Anita Brian, the Mary Lito's, race riots, hurricane Andrew, Ali Young Gonzalez, even two world serieses. The sports emperor, Hisinget, etc. And it's been the neorodious show that most people that many people tune to or log on do for your interpretation of the events and the huge hip pocuses of the day. Sometimes like Howard Beale, writing about the hip pocuses of our times. What's wrong with being an angry prophet? Ranting about the hip pocuses of our time, right? You want to be an angry prophet? Yeah, that's probably being a good one. Well, thank you, grab it. Never underestimate the fact that while never setting out to influence people, you've been a voice of sanity in sort of an insane way. It says very bad penmanship, by the way, Mark. During almost six years of work with Craig Warding, he would be pedally something to you as the gold standard radio. This week, the Penantlet times reported that CNBC TV's Jim Cramer with 155,000 average hourly viewers was number one in that cable network. I think you have that more listed net just online. Well, we only wish Mark and the boy, you sure can, we only wish they you were doing the arbitron figurine. Continuence to success in broadcasting, retirement, the race track or whatever, happy 30th Mark shine, I'm WFTL WDGN, and he left off WildN, or the son, his resume here this year, and you want to know why? Tell you I, O.D. O, I hate that state. He showed us almost everybody else, he might business the agency. Of course, he didn't have nothing to do with it, no more anyway. And the botaniel he hated the two. They tried everything they could to make money with us, but we were a bunch of losers. A botaniel, I have stepped on better crap than you'll show you a little turd, up there in Atlanta with all I'm EA who's, you know what, when the management people had cost broadcasting since you down in the same year, the reason they didn't want to be a single one of the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. The most successful people are the most successful people. I told you I got a big pile. I'm Palo and true of Baby. I'm reading and reading. How do we take a whole bunch of calls like this one? Q.A.M. Hello. Yes sir. That's two for your poll for tomorrow. Okay. You guys like calling? Cats and what else? You guys like what? Oh yeah. Let's see. Guys who are like cats except for Lancetter? I'm sure about him. And well, again the question is what is the gays thing? A so-called street and what's the other one? McCallie Culkin. Oh. Oh. You could be a list of it's own. What? Who you like? Well Tom Cruise. I bet you haven't even dropped there like Tom Cruise a little bit. As far as it is, it's a work is concerned. The George W.C. What I tell you. Gays. Bush administration went well beyond refusing to negotiate with terrorists and its handling of the threat by freelance journalists, yield carols of doctors to killer if all female detainees were in our release to be as run president Iraq. According to Iraqi officials, US officials delayed the schedule release of 60 male prisoners, whom they knew it already been found innocent because of the kidnapping that was meant for the release. Then they refused to speed up to review the files of the five remaining female prisoners in violation of a policy of giving priority to females in review with detainee files for release. Had it on my policy been followed very likely that all the women held by the US would have been released by now. By delaying the releases of female detainees to strike a tough anti-terrorism post, the administration has increased the risk to Jill Caros life. So I forget like your fat ass governor would tell you, choose life. This is a real rocker. This is 5.16. This is the candy. I like to relax by having very magna on my side. I'm going to let my body fall as well listening to the rockers 12th of the one out. Okay. He had a skill. He had been win. They put one pack in cousin cars and so. The doctors called me a hardy man. But now we really know his art is old. I'm not a man. No matter what we're told. He had been changed out of heart that's old. Hope it don't explode. Don't do it, don't do it. He makes decisions. He has the decisions. He has the country under his control. While purchase jobings, this thing's your hobby. And that's what happens when your heart is old. And it's a home. Yet the change is not a heart that's old. And it's gonna blow. Hope it don't work until it's hard as cold. Hope it's written and that is our day, no. But it's really old. There are man strikes again. Follow two of five sixty w q m. American Bar Association told President George W. Bush yesterday. To be the staff domestic youth dropping without a warrant. Or get the law changed to make it legal. We hope the president will listen to association president Michael Greco told reporters. After the more than 500 members of its policy setting body passed away. Where's the loser saying that both national security and constitutional freedom. We do not say surveillance should be stopped. Only that a comply with law said Neil, son it. All the orange head. And I'm a lawyer who had the task force can form. Look at the issue. Not long after the spine program came black and the sever. Neil, son, it used to be a guest in my show. We're now in back in the day when I was doing those boring shows. We're also used to do a show in Channel six with Mike Thompson on those point. Connor point shows. Neil, son it. All the orange head. We're not trying to lend a to president's ability. Go after terrorists on until the group's house. It all gets me for a past his task force is resolution with relatively little debate. Nobody wants to answering the president yet. But we can't allow the US Constitution. And our rights to become a victim of terrorism. We had it. That piece of paper that pushes always talking about. That piece of crap piece of paper. The Constitution. The G.D. Recoh told the group the issue is not one of the president can conduct surveillance. But whether he can do it unilaterally. Well, of course, when you're addicted, you can do whatever he wants. That's what you need to hold us. That's right. That would have a constitution. To help with law. To have with all of these. All of these things. Here's a fact that says for tomorrow's poll. Guys who were sw- All I got one before this one. Yeah. How do we say this? Guys who were cut off jeans. Like all the way up to there. Oh, like a short shorts. Whether they're cut off or not. Like remember our friend. We were talking about short shorts. Guys who were, you know, they're called that hugging shorts. I'm sure I'm going to put not hugging shorts on there. Much less say not hugging shorts on the air. Okay. Let's not do that. Don't be saying not hugging shorts. Guys who were swutters not in the round there. Next round driving their jangs with a top star. Oh, no. That's just the sweater part. What do you do? Guys who were swutters. Straight guys who were swutters. No, not at the round there. Oh, round their neck. Like a little mini cape. Don't you wear my finger on it. Your neck. Don't you remember the Elvis song? Elvis. Elvis. Where the hell is he? Where the hell is he? How do we say this? Guys who were swutters not at the round there. Next. Well, see, that's too long. What was he? Letters? So get about it. No, swutters around their neck. Okay. Swutters around neck. Well, you know what? We're facing things on the pool. We don't want these long lengthy like a paragraph. Oh, I wonder. They're all like a vino de shape. They're interacting their jags with a touch. A clearance for example. He's got that J. You are. Because he's a corporate hot shot now. When did he start? That's all if he's driving around with a sweater round his neck. Hey, uh, clearance. You're fair. 560, 560, pound 560 in the Verizon and singular wireless line. Got a great story here about the great one. Gratsky got him. I get the sick and tear to him. Or of course I've been sick of him for 20 years. Cannot handle him. Needle nose. W2QAM. George is definitely a KX. W2QAM. Hello. Neil. Yes. Agile with your pole. Yes, sir, which one? I've got one. It's the man, like a man purse or a bag bag. Oh, bag bag. Any pack. Yeah, you've got it. What do we call them that? Thanks. Any pack. How do we want to say it? Fanny pack? Sure. Fanny pack. We don't have to keep saying guys who are you. Oh, Fanny pack. Yeah. Fanny pack. Fanny pack. The guys that you use them call them the bag. What about a fudge? I'm sorry. 567. 560. But a box. 560. Well, it's Valentine's Day. Maybe we can tell that propaganda on their agenda about dark chocolate, the old few minute and last half hour. On the certainly Nazi news network. What a joke. What are freaking jokes? Every time they put that on there, it's a very at least they should have to run this flavor. If you have diabetes, which is like a huge percentage of American now, don't be no dark chocolate or light chocolate, it's all going to send your blood sugar assuring up in probably kidding. Yeah, just take a spoonful of rock cocoa. There you go. Or when you're making your charmasu, you're using really good de coco. Or when you're making your charmasu, you're using really good de coco. Or when you're making your charmasu, you're using really good de coco. Or when you're making your charmasu, you're using really good de coco. Or when you're making your charmasu, you're using really good de coco. Or when you're making your charmasu, you're using really good de coco. Or when you're making your charmasu, you're using really good de coco. Or when you're making your charmasu, you're using really good de coco. I was just watching and I was swimming from it. The meat or my blood sugar meat was pulsing and I was even taking my blood sugar. WDQYM hello. Hello Neil, I like to get you. WDQYM hello. Yes sir. How you doing buddy? Pretty good, paling. A couple of pretty the pole for a more. Yep. Guys who were stuck. Say it again? Did you cut an out? Did he? He's crap out? What? Now this is boyfriend red, the phone. I think he was going to say thumbs. You're already got there. Or how about guys who sing a song? Or write the thumbs. I write the songs. He's number one baby with a bullet. If you're a big cheney said, he'd probably like to put a bullet through a very manllow. Although he doesn't have that bullet like daughter, you're a vice president. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, right? In fact, I got an idea who we could send to a famous. Just on there two calls, he goes send him a hunt with a gift from the MVP and the judge. Oh yeah. Oh man. I would pay a lot of money for that. Him and his two boyfriends. W2AM hello. 2AM eating one. Good. Okay. Go be careful. W2AM hello. Ah. Okay. That takes you a little bit. See, I felt guilty because it was a pile through my pile here. But I knew there was some very important calls winning. We need to get the bullet twice. Yeah, we got him in. Gratsky on list of highest roars. This is in the Las Vegas Review Journal. Call them the great Vetsky's it says. Hi, cocky icon. Wayne Gratsky under scrutiny after his wife Janet Jones was indicated in the sports vetting ring. And it's lost more than $2 million in Las Vegas casinos and insiders say. Oh my god. Gratsky had coached the finest coyotes. Has a credit line that allows him to bet up to $25,000 for hand. But he plays well below that level. I'm told. Anyone who best 25 grand a hand is a whale. Less than half of 1% bet at that level. A casino executive said, a whale of a guy. At 25 grand you've got a credit line of a million dollars. At that level you can demand anything you want. Sources say NBA grade Michael Jordan has a two-million dollar credit line locally in Las Vegas. Gratsky's wife normally plays at the $1,000 hand level. So we said both usually play blackjack. The couple often plays in the MGM Grand Mansion where guests must risk 250 grand over two or three days to stay in the high roller suites. Oh, but he's not a gambler. And they said, once an a while he goes to the horse track and the other. And he's sure no bet on sports. The wife is under investigation published before it's safe for betting more than $500,000, including 75 grand on the Super Bowl. Gratsky's associate coast former NHL player Rick Tuckett. Now on League Order League of Absence is accused of offering the ring with a New Jersey State Police, too, for yada yada yada. And he's still apologizing and making excuses. And all he's such a great guy. That's how much for charity. And he's on his way over to Turin. Oh, and last night again, did you see the NBA C-news last night? No. Once again, I mean, it's getting a little pond received in the May since I was the one that brought it up first. They had to do another obligatory five minutes on how you say the name of the city. Is it true? Yeah. They did a whole other song, man. So I'm not. Look, you can pay it however to how you want, okay? And English is Turin. It's not, it's not a bator. It's not up for some jackass from NBC to make up his mind and pick and choose. It's Turin, okay? In Italian, it's Turin. Okay, like it's at all. It's put in, it's the Adi Adi Adi Adi. But, oh, and yeah. Well, that's the bad example. It sounds like a lot of mackerely. How mackerely. That's going to happen. It's a lot of mackerely. It's a lot of mackerely. By the way, the food in Bologna is great. You don't want to go to it, please sucks, but the food is sensational. 560, pound 560, the Verizon singular virus lines. Move in long singing the song. Go camp for the most light. The most light at two is we keep revolving it revolving it. WQAM, hello. Let's try this again. Guys who wear summaries. Summaries. And guys who pierce either their navels or tongues. Okay, man. How about Billy Pierce? How about why? I'm a guy pierced from a mental. Okay, thanks, Belly. Let's see. Let's see. See the guy with a navel piercing. Oh, I see. Are you kidding? I think that applies to the pull. Yeah. Guys with navel or tongue piercing. Wow. This is the biggest list I have ever seen in my life. I'll pick where halfway there either. Were not? And what was the second one? Oh, submarines. Oh, son, that was the first one. Some. Some. Do you have some rings? Yes. Ha ha ha ha. I have some rings around the collar. Oh my god, that pull tomorrow is going to be just huge. Man's going to be mammoth. What is the gays thing? It's so cold straight guy can do. Here's what we got so far now. This is for tomorrow already. God. Get a manicure or a pedicure like a boat camper. Hey, Kim. You're fairie. Watch beer ass mountain. Summaries. Naked fraternity hazing. Guys with navel or tongue piercing. We're pink shorts shirts or shorts. We're a thong at the beach or thingathon. Hold a small bottle while driving. Use body wash. Kiss another guy. Listen to the new Rogers. Cry to movie. Both in a crowd. Ride a tandem bike. Ride a scooter. We should have a vest bump. But that's okay. Ash laughing. Tie light your hair. Going to the gym. Guys who like cats. How about us we put vest been print this. Okay. I'll put the other. See old timers like us. We call them vest does because that's the brand name. And Italy. Or here. If I was for them. It must be an awful lot of queens in Italy. We don't really know. But I mean. There's only two things. Well, there's three things that they ride there. Basically one is those little teeny tiny subcompact cars. Number two is a vest from the third one is each other. Yeah. All of the. Guys you like cats. Guys who like McColley. Culkin. Short shorts. Front and neck. And fanny pack. AKA. Fag bag. Wow. Whole bunch of don'ts for you guys out there. If you want to keep your image up. Don't be doing all these things. Except of course, let's end the show. It's just that we got a lot of closet people in the show. I mean, if it's good enough for Tom Cruise and what's his name? John Revolta. Not to mention our Kelly. It's good enough for our crowd. Twelve minutes past noon a QAM haven't said you about drug concepts for a long long time on his show and always glad to do it because I've used it myself for over 20 years in my homes. They're the best in the universe and taking even the most desperate looking carpeting and making a look brand new. I encourage you to take advantage of drug concepts maintenance contractive provided you with a 10% discount on all their services including their one of a kind carpet cleaning. leather, drapey or in the rug cleaning. It also specialize in pet odor treatments, ceramic towel and ground cleaning. Macrist cleaning to get rid of those nasty dust mites and lots more. And during this month during February, drug concepts has a special offer for an a poultry cleaning. No replace your furniture just because it's soiled. Let drug concepts rejuvenate your furniture to fraction of the cost of replacing or repulsory. All of their print technicians are specially trained and certified. They we need to know their crap. And drug concepts they always give you a guaranteed written price upfront and professional service. No BS, no bad surprises at the end of the deal. So don't be fooled by the emitators. You made a big investment while decorating your house now it's time to protect that investment. drug concepts today toll free and date route of the Palm Beach is column at 1-800-248-5-071 and some that ancient Neo-Tority call 1-800-248-5-071 around the wicked web. It's right concepts. .com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8-6. Go! Coming up tonight on Inside the Mind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Barter be Profile They named their band after a physical impossibility. They were shunning away out of their butt. Just kidding. They were vertical horizon. Yeah, check it out. Like if they were horizon really was vertical, we'd do it. We'd all go falling off the edge of it or something. You know, I just kicked a beer bottle at the outside out milk crate where you should have a table man. Vertical horizon co-founders. Keith Kane and Matthew Skimell. Oh, damn Keith. Oh, no, I just kicked the astray off the outside out milk crate where you should have a coffee table. I'm so sorry. Matthew and Keith got so depressed about never having another yet. That they moved into their parents' basement. Every day since 2001, the hangout and get so baked, they can't remember their own song. Hold on, I got it. Every team falls apart. They're done there. Tomas, that was dogs I've used. They blocked the worst but I. Yeah, we're maybe so at least they remember their own fucking game song. As well. And here's how smart one you say. Okay, okay. Okay, it was. Hey, now you're an austar. Get your game on. Go. No, that was smashed out. You freaking moron. We wouldn't be refreshing. Verified. Stop man, now I knocked the candle off the outside out milk crates that were used for a coffee table. The candle? Why didn't make a sound like breaking glass? Go. And we are really snowing snowing snowing snowing snowing snowing snowing snowing snowing snowing snowing snowing snow. Vertical horizon. When you think about it, you know, kind of slide off the edge of it. It's a big juicy shopping wood look at show business tonight. Uninsigned divine. See that big headline there on the assertly Nazi news network. US and Israel urge regime change for the Palestinians. They just had those relations and they all overwhelming me for Hamas and we're not too happy about it. We want regime change. We just got started. Well, we don't like it. You're much attirrous and we want regime change. Maybe we should attack the monarchy. Oh, sorry. There you go. That'll be sender of attack us. Let's see. Let's take a what? Oh, I got absolutely information right here. In fact, colon policy only you went to Safnoons. You've got a vile. Yeah. They've got a couple more vile in him. Okay. Let's see. Who are what is the biggest type of all time? We have 223 votes on that. Well, what's going on here today? I think we got like overload. Don't you? I think it's because I went and got my teeth clean this morning. But it's refreshing. I don't have that usual bad breath. That comes through the speaker in Chase's part of the audience away. So anyway, before we do the pool, did you go to lunch yesterday or just have a meeting in the office? No, we went to lunch. George went to lunch with a new general man, we yesterday at Joe Bell and said he's a hell of a guy. But you know, he's got a lot of work cut out for him. I heard you quite a mess. And he knows it. And where'd you go to lunch? I forget the name of the place. It's up the road. It's some kind of a grilled chicken place. Very good. Not fancy, just very good. Nice. I got a chicken salad because I'm into these salads. 1223 votes. Lots of them prove whatever that suits you place. I'll say that. So Joe Bell already has got, you know, we're big improvement in many respects. Including that sales department, got a new sales manager coming on one of these days. And then of course a whole bunch of people back, they're going to get fired. Who or what is the biggest type of all time? Religion 385, WND is 166, Howard Stern 119. American Idol 107, Super Bowl 89, the Segway 72, Elvis 43, broke back Mount. Bear Ash Mountain 42, low carb bass 34, the Olympics have got about 30 minutes. That's the Torino Olympics in Turin. Tom Cruise 29, Madonna 29, Y2K24, the Beatles 21, low fat diets 13, Doctors 12, David Letterman 8 and Mash 7. Was Matt Mash was always under, right? I guess David Letterman just topped over Mash. Well, they like Mash the movie. They like Mash the TV show. Alan Alder was on Mash, right? Who else was on that show? Was Richard Dawson on that show? He just opened Seros. Gary, what's his name? No, tell me. He used to be on, uh, with Jean Rayburn all the time. Gary, Dornhoffer. Was Ray Cohen? Who was his name? Marty Colitt. No, seriously, what was his name? Little short guy from Mash. The other French guy? No, that was your main villager. That was Robert Clarie. That was Robert Clarie. Very good. French Jew. I know Robert Clarie. He used to be on the case of our lives. Holocaust survivor. Well, who was Gary? I'm looking. He used to be on Mash Game all the time. Are you matching it? I'm not saying sure. I couldn't stand it in the first place. Oh, Gary Bergau. Gary Bergau. Can we see that? Sorry. I'm not even going to say that. No, I'm not. With the woodered hand. He has a woodered hand. Still does. Just like you might please wife. You never, I don't know if it looks just like it. But he always kept it in his pocket. You never saw his hand. And he's lying to work right. Kind of like Bill Colin and his a gameplay. But I know something that we learned at several other companies. Yeah, I learned at Bill Colin didn't have a wooden leg. All my life I thought, but because I like Bill Colin a lot. He was a good guy. But he'd probably not have a wooded leg. He had polio as a child. And he walked with a bad limp. He was a gimp. But he got a Bill Colin. He still did. And Dick Clark will be soon too. Uh, as a matter of fact, Bill Colin was on the $100,000 permit. Remember that? That's right. Dick Clark was on the $10 and $25,000. And Bill Colin did the $100,000 permit. That was a great show. Don't ask, don't tell, cost $263 million. Well, I'll tell you the money that your government's peeing away. Like it's coming out of a fairer faucet. This charging troops out of the Pentagon's policy on days caused $263.8 million over 10 years, almost double what the government concluded a year ago. I've traveled for it says, the report being released today by University of California Blurerman Commission, questioned the methodology that the HGAO used when estimated the financial impact of the, though they asked don't tell policy was least under 90 minute. It builds on the previous findings and part paints a more complete picture of the cost that representative Marty Mean of mass was further to say something would repeal the policy. In February of 2005, the GAO said the financial impact could not be completely estimated because the government doesn't collect the financial information specific to each individual's case. How much is it through? It's just a few point even in small potatoes, okay? Who's counting? Right, I got that ready. WDQAM, hello. QAM. Okay. Let me fix this pose like a talk. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. You're there? I'm here, are you there? Right. No, I wish I wasn't there. I'm wish I went there. One for each of your polls today. Okay. Michael Jackson, the height. Yes. And the game his thing is any guide that would go to Michael Jackson concert. That's gay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Oh, no problem. No problem. First one was like 34 and it's a little murky, but no problem. I don't know. No snow to hit that digno eastern New York. I've lost anybody got buried in the northeast, watched in Phrely, Jersey. It's not here. They're in a flake. What am I putting on here? Michael is going to a Michael Jackson concert. What was the other end you one? Michael Jackson for the poll of the current poll. I, okay. You got that? We got it. Go to a Michael Jackson concert. Is that like in Bahrain? Bahrain? Don't you like in a movie? Like go to a very madhouse. Like, uh, like, uh, a horse radish is called in a unit. It's all Bahrain. Yeah. Yeah. Bahrain. I wonder if you eat train in Bahrain. You think? Bahrain. In Bahrain? I'm sure. Yeah. 5 6 7 0 5 60. But this is an educational show. Make no mistake about it. Trust me what I'd say. We learned something air-free. Thinking day on this show. So what do you learn at lunch yesterday? That they serve good chicken. What's up with the name of it? WQAM. Hello. QAM. Any guy with the Louise the Tom Wallet? There it is. Okay. Louis the Tom Wallet? What do you say? Rimes with you. What do you say? I don't know. I don't know. I mean, who now looks at a guy's wallet? If you look at it, the guy's wallet then you must be. How do you like that? That's her. How is it that you're looking at it? Yeah. He's looking at his pocket. Is rear pocket, which means he's staring at his left door. My stereo if he acts me. Keep your eyes off that guy's ass. Okay. If you're checking out another guy's rear package. Can we see you got what do rear package? 5 6 7. There's one. Scott McClone. That's called a low. And they're still talking about the assuding actions. They're still talking about the old herd dog. Oh my god. Give me a break. You crazy people. And you want to buy the American public doesn't get any information. Why we're in the dark like a bunch of mushrooms. Jesus, K, Christ Solomon. Man. Cut to do the information. But a beep, but a boop. But about. And then our fellow I read by John Nichols is right. They're just peoed because some little horseball newspaper and corpus Christi. Test has got it first. And the Washington Press Corps, they didn't get the information before anybody else. Well, let's see. You. You. This. This. 5 6 7 8 8 8 8. He gives him come and take a live. And I would with another edition of America's bottom 40. Want to you by the Onc and five companies. Norst at me medication. Onc and five. For a couple free teenagers. It's no. It's no. It's no. It's no. It's no. To be a little quick on the day boys. Good show. We've got a worsen on an America and we're counting down. Wrecking stories are showing them. worsen. I'm not raising your buy and I'm not using them as coasters. First what we've reviewed with top three songs on the charts. And number three guns and roses is singing. Sweet child of mine. Well, if I had a child around my house today, I'd have these four words for League of dry slash and his cohorts. Stay by hell or worse. And number two, you were who it says. There ain't no ribbon in a perfect world. And especially not for you. You easy, you don't speak proper English. And a number one George Michael sings. He's got a monkey on his back. Well, I would imagine it's getting a little crowded back there. But then again, you probably don't mind. And by the way, you're there these remarkable shaving instruments called razor. By one and lose that silly ass theory. Other songs on the charts. But the band Johnny H.J.S. with one of the heroes moving down on the charts and deservedly so. Okay, Johnny, also reach music. I don't think he or she's got his feminine Johnny, so get a real job. And there's a song that I like. Rod Stewart's newest release for Ever Young. And for a moment, I thought it was a song about me forever. And I thought it was a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about musical about a song about a song about a song about a guitar about a song about a song about a song about a song about a song about a sound about a song and how they live their lives in that colibppy interval when they reach out as they want to change their lives and they want to be their so bored moments and decisions like yours. And time Ira get to the target, get to me mail home and sexual. Since we're so home-all-intensive with tomorrow's pool, that's a good question. Yeah, well somebody has sent him a question and the reply says, well Josh, dear boy, guys, G is the a person that wrote, well Josh, you write to think that the British historic we haven't found Faggot offensive, with the exception of a wild tasting meatball currently marketed in the UK as Mr. Brains Faggot's. One of the advertising lines says it's no wonder 100 million Faggot's are eaten in the UK every year. I wonder about how about Mr. Faggot's brains? As they've various says, I'm not making this up. Oh, Dave, very it quotes, oh my god, and right in the middle of lunchtime. It took Americans to apply the Terminal Homosexuals first of history. The term Faggot or F-A-G-O-T would one-G, meaning Vuello Sticks, shows up around 1300 English. It almost certainly came from old French possibly going back to Greek fake alos. Since well-in those Greeks, since those Vuello's of Sticks were mainly used for fires, it's not surprising who the term came to meet burning sticks. Then there was that nasty business in medieval times where heretics were burned of the state. Some later cities indicate heretics who were petted, I'm sorry, some, then making a sense. Heretics who were petted and were spared a fiery death and had to wear a picture of a Faggot on the sleeve to show what might have been their fate. But no permanent print evidence exists at homosexuals referred to as Faggot's before the 20th century, with the origin definitely in the US not in Britain. The British continued to use the word Faggot as nouns, verbs, and adjectives right through the early 20th century, never apply it to homosexuals any time. To Faggot to be a Faggot was a common term in British schools from late 1700s, and referred to a lower classman who performed chores for upper classmen. Well, I think we know what those chores might have been. While this term was also in Vuello, it harbored in the first half of the 19th century, it died out by the mid-1800s in the US, leaving an old-eine use in England. 19th century, Brits also heard Faggot used and represented to an ill-tempered woman, I.E. a bald buster, a battle-axe, a shrew. That meaning of the term continued in the early 20th century, and the usage was gradually applied to children as well as women. The relationship of any between Faggot as a bundle of sticks and Faggot as shrewish women is unknown. The first non-published use of the word Faggot are Faggot referred to a male homosexual appeared in 1914 in the US. It referred to a homosexual ball where the men were dressed in Faggot, and the call them Faggot, Cicis. Ernest Pennyway in the Sun all Surries is 1926 included the line. You're a hell of a good guy, and I'm fond of you and I ain't about the honor. I couldn't tell that in New York. It was a Faggot. 1921, Faggot says, and Faggot and Faggot are Faggot's legs or brownies. Faggot, a job, brownie. George Charleston is ex-1994 working in New York gender urban culture in the making of the gay male world, says that the term is Faggot and Queen were used by homosexuals referred to men who were ostentatiously effeminate, aka Charles Nelson Rally. Homosexuals were not as sure we referred to the Nassau's as queer in the first decades of the 20th century, but the general public main call of homosexuals, Ferry's. If you were in London in the 1920s to the 40s use the term Fag, the man on the street might have offered you a cigarette, and quite possibly that would have been the case with Americans at the time. Faggot, anyone? You Ferry. All of this does little go into your original question. George, how did a bundle of sticks come to me in a homosexual male? Most likely it didn't. Here we'll have to go to theory since I'm writing this mine we'll have to do. We notice with some words a progression of usage that more salonged the lines of woman slash girl, woman slash girl slash child, epheminate male, homosexual male. The word Ferry is a good example. Faggot in the sense of a no-tempered woman is another. I independently came to the conclusion that while answering a general question, but in a post of the American dialect to Saudi-Mail and Miss Dr. Lawrence Horne, Professor of linguistics at Yale, posted a progression that I just do is much more than succinctly than I could. Still I'll explain this how I've Britishism jumped the ocean in the short period of time real car knew meaning that he was perhaps it was an independent formation words happen. At last thought, a current notion holds that the Inish word Fagala, little bird, might have been the source, but last evidence other than the claim that the word was commonly used in British prior to WW2 to indicate homosexual, Fagala. When the digitizing of publications allowing searching never before possible, perhaps I'm further scholarship before coming to Hubsaugh, it's very important mystery. Fagala, got it? All right, we got it. Little bird. So it's a little bit scary, but it's still a bit mystery. Oh speaking of that, gay vision created for alcoholism. Oh no. Matching Robinson, the Episcopal Church is first openly gay Bishop V. Jean Robinson has started treatment for alcoholism. I'm writing really saying, well, let's not anybody yet that we know of. I'm writing to you from an alcohol treatment center where I'm February 1st with the encouragement and support of my partner daughters and colleagues. I checked myself in the deal by increasing the penance on alcohol Robinson wrote an email to clergy yesterday that it was released today by the DICZIbn Uhamshah. Robinson's assistant, the Reverend Tim Rich, he says, asks, assistant. Said today there was no crisis to let the Robinson descend to seek treatment, the rather egg growing awareness of the problem. In his letter Robinson said even dealing with alcoholism for years considered as a favor of will or discipline on my part, rather than a disease of which his body simply has no control. I accept this job for all of you guys. I accept this job eating sugar all together. Cookies and candy, ice cream, all of these things. Right? Right. Right. Okay, that's, I don't know, kind of understand. Glad that you're over with that letter. Me too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. All of the next thing in that members in Britain under Parliament are putting on a smoking ban. Some Stevens have on that actually food. They want to vote. They want to ban them. Tagots. The biggest type of all time religions, 399, nobody will come close. We got 1281 votes. We'll go over 13 over this hour. We got a shot at a modern day record on the show during the show. Not amazing. It's later what that means. It probably don't mean anything. Religion, 399, WMD's 1706. Well, what did I tell you? The word hype in itself. It gets in hype set up. Everybody hops on it. Howard Stern, 122, whether you pay for it or not. American Idol 108 Super Bowl 91, the Segway 74, broke Ask Mountain 44, Elvis 44. Low carb diets 35, Y2K, moving up nicely 34. The Olympic 31, Tom Cruise has got, but turn the man. Madonna's got, but turn the man. The Beatles 21, low fat diets 14. It's power crap, by the way. Doctors 12, David Letterman 8, Mash 7 and Michael Jackson, Solomon Thielno. You know that low fat diet, remember when I said that with that snack well's craft right, which are just low to with carbohydrates and low to with trans fats and low to all kinds of garbage. But there are low in the, you know, fat. Well, good deal. Okay. Exactly. The interesting part of it is, and about course, then you can get the thing about the saturated fat. The bad fats are the saturated fat. But the worst is the trans fats. Okay. And the trans fats. The trans sexual fat. And watch out for the fat trans sexual. That's what our goal is to do. Tell me. What have we had ever happened with him? Where is he still the, greeted with a belly somewhere with, let's just do it. I thought we got a report that he was doing some sales for somebody selling something. Oh boy. How sad. And you go. I'll tell you one thing about for where I'll even to roll the stuff. Times that he has been through. One thing can't say anymore. I'm a fat you. No. You know, a little time in Riker's Island and then I have no money. I'll solve that problem real fast. This is Neil Rossing. This is 560. If a glory hole get ready for the story of C.D. you ever heard. Dan Ratter, story duets. I'm sorry. So sorry. Not only does Dan sing a story duet with friendly. He sounds even sorry. A weird Chicago. I'm sorry. What? Dan Ratter, story duets. Features that sorry sing along with Rubin's, said his life of Mr. Schad. His life that's wrapped above. I'm sorry. Order now. And if you're not completely satisfied, Dan Ratter will personally say. I'm sorry. You know, I was watching, it's funny. I play there right now. I was watching Brian Williams last night doing a whole studio tour into Rino thing again. Right. I watched him. He was 85,000 little teeth at the bottom. And I was thinking to myself, I'm locked in there. Every night I watched a 630 NBC news. Right. And all those years, man, watched CBS for about what? 200 hundred years. And I'm going to stand rather badly. I mean, just terribly. Right. I don't want to watch Brian Williams. I want to see Dan Ratter with a news. Nothing. He was like any great news guy. He was just comfortable watching him. Right. You know, we'd rather have rather. Plus I knew the fact that he had the books, the book, the whole Bush family, like Poison. So that was comforting too. And then they put that Oki-Doki jackass on there. One night I won. I gave him one chance. And I was the end of it. But he's got a girl at the top of his ears. And like Ted Kennedy with a match potatoes. And then it just dawned on me. What I've always said, you know, I try to tell these people things in his business, nobody listens to me because I know nothing. That's why the stuff around as long as I know nothing. People don't listen. They don't watch networks. They watch programs. And they watch when they watch the news. They watch news cases that they like. They don't watch ABC news because they like ABC. They watch because they were very like doing the news. See what I'm saying? When when humbling and greatly were doing the news, people watch saying not because they like NBC, because they like Huntly and Brinkley. The night David and I chat yada. That was kind of good. But um, and the same was radio. People don't especially in nowadays. People don't listen to radio stations. They listen to personalities. I'm not talking about music so much. It's especially in South Florida isn't any music. But you follow what I'm saying? They listen to personalities. Nobody's listening for the Greg Reed show or the current's their old show or any stuff. They listen because they like whoever's on the ear or they don't or not. You know, they're different. I did just mention that in passing. So NBC, you know, they got me only because of Okidoki on there. And they still haven't got anybody on it. They're kind of like us, you know. CBS is kind of like the WQA and television. Without revolving too to full and whole revolving line up. We got any ideas on first because Greg Reed left a gigantic mess, you know. And the same with CBS. They basically admitted Bob Shee for sucks in that he's an old toad and that he doesn't belong on there. But they know it's going to be Katie Kourak. It's going to be a whole bunch of revolving people. Little Brinkback County, Chink again. You know, they don't know what they'll do. I say Brinkback Dan. What do you say? That's good. Oh, Canada's talking team arrives in Toronto. Shame on you. There's Joe Sackick. You sack a crap. Shame on you guys. See, Bill Olympics. Let me say again. They're supposed to be for amateur competition. Follow on saying amateurs. I'm paid. Not a bunch of professional drugs. Make ingredients as dollars. They're kind of going to go over there and kick the crap out of a bunch of amateurs. You know, stupid. Not to mention very see that's where the National hockey league. Give me five seconds to talk about times up. Makes a bad mistake. One of many. No respect for their fans. You don't see the National football extending their football players to play over there. The world league of American football and Europe against the Amsterdam tokers. Do you? Josh. No, you don't. You do not. Ever. You don't see major league baseball players going up to play against some a bunch of idiots in Germany. Do you? Or in Finland. No, you don't. And the same thing ought to be with the NHL. But league has got no respect for itself. So that's why all the world tournament and the Olympic also the crap. It's Canadian thing and we apologize badly for that. Don't. Oh, let's see if I got to do a break. No, I don't get away into myself because I still got to have a pile here including Ted Rolls. Gonna assume thinking about suing and colder. I want to hear that. Okay. Okay, let me get to a duck. Do you want to hear that one first? Okay. Okay. Let me push it up in my pile. Who should I? I'm pushing. Who should real good? Don't push it too hard. Comist and colder made a provocative remark last Friday about Dunesbury creator Gary Tudor and into our cartoonist Ted Rolls. Tudor is shugging and trucking it off and Rolls is consuming a lawsuit. All right. Colored reportedly said Friday at the conservative political action conference in Washington, D.C. Iran is soliciting cartoons on the Holocaust so far only Ted Roll and Gary Tudor in New York times have made submissions. Giving her a mark in other twists is the fact that the conservative color has the same distributor. United press syndicate as the liberal role and Tudor. One last Monday if you wanted to respond to coders comment. Tudor told EMP that's editor in publisher via email. Now, NAH. Now Roll and Outstone his blood they would look into taking legal action against colder. If readers of his blood run them too and we sure as hell do and if they've pledged the $6,000 needed draft and filed a lawsuit in New York. George a cover. Yeah. I got to ready. Now he's got his big raise coming after his lunch with Joey yesterday. Got the big bucks coming back in the day. Now he can buy Josh that big big screen. They're HDTV that Sam's on 52 inch. That topical island. Next button. No Toshiva HD DVD thing will be out the player. If you're not seeing, if enough yes votes coming in, but enough serious pledges. I'll see him, Co. in court, Roll. If not, Chuck up another victory for the right. Roll said people were voting roughly 3 to 1 in favor of suing. A tool editor in publisher yesterday the judges are coming in fast. If pledges continue to commit to the president, I'll have the $6,000 available by tonight meeting last night. He said a lot of people are fed up with our quarter-risk turns, slandery, liberals into a cottage industry. I want to see her a hell to account. I'm actually fairly overwhelmed by the response. More than 300 pledges many in the $20, $100 range. He added him getting so many email pledges with a same subject line, two quarter, and beginning to think that her first name is Sue. Maybe she's a boy. That's Sue. She's gonna Johnny can. That makes sense. She has kind of boy-flicking. Oh, she's got a boy-tank. You're fairery. And Ms. Drod. You're fairery. And who's the other one? Laura Engra. You're fairery. And kind of Lisa. You're fairery. The no vote's according to Roll. I'm mostly from people who are aware that what she said is protected free of expression. His next step. I have a call into my lawyer, like anyone with an ounce of sense will follow his advice. He said, if he thinks this is solid case, I'll ask the judges to pay pal the money and move to file. If not, I'll have to let it go. I'm not sure whether this would be a live-load deformation suit. I've a usually fly surriding and if he makes the speech, but this speech has been reproduced and ready. Roll said is obviously a chance he could lose a loss. If it was filed, but the cartoonist doesn't think just a just fun and defense by Cordova be the reason for such a loss. I doubt her claims of humor or sarcasm will fly with a jury since he's not funny and her audiences take her literally and she knows it. The cartoonist concluded in a comment emailed the editor and publisher. It's one thing to mock people for their opinions. Quite an other to make opinions up out of whole cloth and stuff them into a person's mouth. That's what Cordova has done here. She has absolutely no reason to believe that I'm sympathetic to the Iranian government, a Holocaust revisionist or deny or anti-Semitic. She has no reason to believe that I'm less patriotic than the other American. Opposing the Bush administration does not make you anti-Semitic, poor or anti-American and no one has the right to equate them and she did before a large high-profile audience that included Dick Cheney. Oh, maybe that's what put him over the age. She has the right to attack me for what I say to him, believe, not to lie, said Ted Raw. He's right. New York Times was also last night. We spawned a code as come up. But a spokesperson was mom to fairly get back. As you respect. What is that old cool, cool? How a better Hamilton of course was shot in a duel with Aaron Burr over issues of honor, integrity and political maneuvering. We didn't in was mistaken for Burr. David. The vice president, I'm not a bit of a liberal, a liberal, a John Stuart from the Daily Show. So I'm saying, I'm a bit of a liberal, if that's fine, and that's about what I'm deserved. Well, that's a comedy show. That's where you expect a- Exactly, that's correct. That's exactly correct. Doug Thompson on your favorite website, I've always sure turned your ass around. Capital Hill Blue.com. What? You said hate this guy. Yeah, right. How would he? The beard and that silly fisherman's had he way? Or it is picture all the time. He says most of the news stories about me depressed debates on me and President Bush and Domestic's Fine program, said around comments about Democrats and Republicans. Now I feel the program is useless because I'll kind of know the NSA is listening, and they won't use cell phones to discuss their plans. But that's not the real story that came out of these Sunday political circle. I can't say that. Jerk. The real story is that Pepsi I put a couple of words in it. I feel the real story is that Pat Roberts, the Oregon Republican Chairman of the Senate and Thomas committee, told your host Tim Russert that he believes the president is above the law and can do whatever he well damn places. Robert says, he starts to defend or abortion is right to spy on whoever he wants, whenever he wants and however he wants, told Russert that Bush can't ensure it ignore the law when he feels it's in the best interest of national security. That prompted Russert to ask Senator Roberts, something asked you a very serious question. Do you believe that the Constitution gives a president of the United States the authority to do anything he believes is necessary to protect the country to which Robert's reply? Yeah. Robert Slavis said he believed the president's authority was above laws passed by Congress. In other words, George W. Bush's a dictator would absolutely authority and no one, not the law, certainly not Congress, has the part of question or override that authority. Stop for a second and think about this. The Senate and Teldon's committee and its counterpart in that house are the only congressional bodies that are told in most cases only in part what the White House is up to when it comes to spy on Americans, ripping the Constitution's shreds or trampling on the rights of the nation citizens. And the Chairman of the Senate and Teldon's committee believes the president has absolute power to do whatever he pleases with no congressional oversight. That smokey smell is the billarights of the Constitution going up in flames. That pounding he may soon hear I New Door is George W. Bush's Gustavo, the so-called Department of Homeland Security, demanding your papers and hauling away because he dared speak out about their fewer policies. If the rubber stampers who are supposed to run things in Congress believe Bush is all powerful and his actions beyond reproach, then America as a free nation sees to exist, the ladies and gentlemen took control of our government. Robert Slavis liked the other lemmings who appeared with him on Sunday believes Bush's spy on program is useless now because it was illegal, not because it was illegal and questionable in value, he and others blamed the press for making the program public. In other words, were the terrorists who threatened the absolute rule of their president, demand Robert says is above the law. As one of those who broke the story about Bush using the government to spy on Americans, I sincerely hope I did my part underlining the program. And until W is Gustafing Goulon's home away, I'll continue to do whatever I can to undermine Bush's actions in authority. Why? Because I'm an American, at least I was, when there was still an American left to defend. There's a funny dog Thompson with his fisherman's hand. Sorry I overheated him. Capital Hill Blue, he's a great, great website. A lot of pop-ups top-up on earth. You don't have a ignore computer if you use no scorecraft. If I don't have a private ear box, what I use firephones. I'm using a score on my new computer. I have no pop-ups. I have no viruses. I have no, no, no nothing. Yet. In other words, you want me to use firephones? I like my lesson, man. I like my lesson. You go and I'm not using it. I shut this baby right off. It's in the opposition. I still think with that no ordinary antivirus, I don't doubt it. Because it was the day that I canceled it. And it was because of the spire and I canceled. And I think because when I turned it back on, I think kept popping up. And finally, it just wouldn't go away. After I remember I removed it, right. And I think they said, when you want to move north and any virus, we're just going to fry your power supply. Just as each one of you not to do it again. I think Gorton antivirus is the antichrist. 1257, a QM, we got the bowmeister come up to a clock who's going to go and get a pedicure right after the show. This is Neal Rogers. This is 5.62. Not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon. If anybody has a opinion, there's this thing from our way. Your patient name and who does this now? I'll pin to me out the stage. Don't even stop us who quads down. Just follow who don't say. Everybody's hunting, patty. Pass us to a stage. If the acupressory comes, we're watching all of you. Everyone's up to the stage. Go back, what you do. This is for a day, John. Under your mind, let's move. In bush, other land, they're John. Pass us to a stage. You gotta hate those. And Clinton's if our roast, we leave everything we can. And the same one you. Let's war for John's friend. We love your husband. I don't think any bush can. That's who we're safe. Please don't say you see our job, no. We're not a time that needs food. We're passing day to fight, Jane. No, don't be so stupid, boys. All the more is guilty. The pass is married in way. And that's everybody's certain sachets. Pass us to a stage. 10,000. 1,02,5,60, WQM. K.M. Two, Mad Dogga Four. Curtis has done 70 kids ten. No ball games, no hockey games, no UN, no crap. You went to Boston College on Thursday. I mean, Clint is going to be leaving today for about five days. I started reading the choices now by about three o'clock. I haven't done it. Manicure or slash pedicure. I'm serious. Last time both camper was on. He was talking about after the show he was going to get one. You know, some guys are so madly looking. Yeah. Who are the questions he's to make? He's not one of those guys asked to worry about somebody questioning his masculinity. He did that in here and just step on him anyway. We're a pink shirt and we're a fact bag. Nobody's going to question you. Right. Well, holding a cat. Watch bear ass mountain. Thumb rings. Naked fraternity hazing. Guys with the naval or tongue piercing. We're pink shirts. Go into Michael Jackson Cazard. We're a thong at the beach. Hold a small dog while driving. Use body wash. Kiss another guy. Listen to knee arrages. Try to move. Go to Democrat. Don't tell him. Don't tell him. Ryan is scuther. He's got a little bit of a look. Why? How are you talking about? If you were green answer, that's older than the fusel. Obviously. It's just one of those things that people say. If you were green answer, that makes you a. And that's what the poll question is here. I think it fits. And if it fits your fullishment. Right. A scuder. As in the locker room of course. Highlight your hair. Go into the gym. Guys with the gym all the time. Take in showers. Guys with the collar. I'm still sulking about that. Come at me. Short shorts. A sweater around the neck and panty pack. Or I think it parenthesis. I'll put a bag bag. Sure. Right. Either one of them. We haven't heard a scene in a long time. I know. Of course. I'm not there. I don't want to be there. I'm done with that. In your case, you need to cash. Is this actually going to go on? Is it in keywester somewhere? No, no, that's been changed. They just haven't been selling them for whatever reason. Oh. In a long time. In other words, they haven't been selling. I was like anything else. Exactly. That's exactly what I was going to say. But we're back on that. It's not a fact this weekend. This Saturday, I'll be the best pro in Dane in the proper one. Wow. It's a street from my house. As opposed to the one I wanted to send you in. They thought better of it. What about the ones used to do all the time where you were the Samus who got it? That also fell through the crack. And not to mention, of course, it was at all the strip clubs. It fell through that crack. And of course, you all think you're the front of the bus. That was fanboy trying to throw in to the bus. 560560, pound-five 60, the Verizon SIGITER, wireless line. W2AM, hello. Yes, sir. That guy that called Richard about Rick, that is true. He's actually doing some studies online. That's a stock market analyst. What is it? Wait, wait. Online. You have a few students on stuff online. If you're looking over there. That guy in the air. He is doing broker stuff. He's doing as a analyst for some company that sells a stock system online. How's that? Well, I know. He's doing it on a little month's camera. Going out of the listening to Randy. And he's like, I'm a stock market analyst. And look at that website. And you can buy into our system and Rick Rampaj. Wait a minute. Rick Rampaj is a stock market analyst. He and the Rampaj want to stop market success. I have a lot more money than what you said. That's not a success. Wow. The answer. That guy with a friend that was in television. Hey, I'm hoping for your help. Oh, yeah. How could we let that off? Thank you. I'm hoping we'll make a question. Okay. What's Ryan Doctor for? Let's get him both on there. What do you say? Rick Rampaj, man. Today's a future market is a, Look at that. The thing where it's long-horns of the national champions is there's W. Made a lot of Texans proud. Right. He's talking about wind of ice president. And shot his buddy. He brought Texans proud. That is just. That's where it's hard always was anyway. Get out of here. And the stock market. He couldn't stop talking about pants. That's where his heart was. He never talked about an IOD. He didn't. I never heard him. I never listened to a show. Good. Got it. That took it over for a while. Are you cereal? I thought that was when he went to whatever it was on. Would it have like a point six share or something? Oh, it started his IOD. Wow. Fairhead. You was a plus too. Yeah. There's a guy. If I wanted some real good tips. I would always I call a working home. Well, he might know what he's talking about. But the bottom line is his audience. A bunch of sluppers. Right. There's a guy who's going here. I like Chinese, you know. Right. And let's make another Sunday and a fact. And I hear him. He raises a good for you. And he's talking about. I don't think we have either one of those doing. Happy to hear. Is it good to hear? It is. Trust me. Under one. Under beer. No. I got it. I think. Must be places. Oh. What do you mean? How do I do that? What? I can't replace anything. I just put it in here before you know that. Anyway, let's move along. Let's not get bugged down. Rick Riley and his internet radio stuff. He's not on the radio. That's the point. In addition, what's a guy. Didn't know where or what he was talking about. Well, the guy wasn't full of crap. Have some idea of what you're talking about when you call a radio talk show. Okay. Don't just give me a son and answer. Rick Riley's back. He's on the air. And he's on the internet. Guess what? Overwee. WDQAM. Hello. QAM. I've been shot in the face a couple of times. WDQAM. Wow. QAM. Hello. Yes. I'm calling the speaker Neil Rogers. Speaking. Neil, hi. Who are you? Pretty good. I'm calling for my amy. I've been listening to you for like 20 years. And I've never been able to get through to today. All right. I don't believe it. Anyway, I wanted to have fun for your poll. I believe I'm okay. You want to know what it is? It's a big giant. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It's a big giant. A big giant like Burley man who wears girls type watches. Like girl size watches. Wow. I can't stand that. I never. I never saw that in my life. A big Burley guy that wears a ladies watch. Yeah. Like lady size. Like lady size. Like lady size. You get a time mix or a roll like the whatever brand you can afford. And you get the lady size instead of the men type. Oh my god. What a squishy thing. That is. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. I got a good man Lee. Watch here. Well it was like talking to you. No, not happy Valentine's day. Time back to you. Thank you. Thanks. I got a citizen man. Yeah. I do. I got a Casio. I was like. I mean. We have Casio's and they're the size of a microwave. So I don't think we'll get older. I got a big and big and citizen man. That's a good one. You got this. This is one of those. What's the other day called these? That last forever. I asked the girl in the store because my other one died. Well, no matter we die as I just throw my watch out. I'm very, very, very. Is it self-winding? It's an eco. Yeah. Of course. It's an eco. Something a brother. No. Do you like just the, do you flick your wrist to blind it up? You don't have to do anything. Okay. Don't get smart now. You don't have to do it. No. No. No. No. No. This is by light. That is correct. That is absolutely correct. You don't have to whine it. You don't have to. You have to keep it. Yeah. And it's just a little tiny bit of light. It'll charge this baby and last forever because there's no battery to die. Got it? Got it. Pretty amazing. Now what does that want to put on there? What do you watch? Yeah. Another word of women's watches. Ladies watch. Ooh. I've never seen that yet. No, me either. Even on the fruit cake. So I've never seen more and I don't know what we'd be eating. Both of them. I like to watch them. Problem and a chapter one at five sixty wqm. When it comes to matrices, there are a lot of gimmicks on there. The latest are so-called sweet numbers. Otherwise, no one is air. Maxures is a lot of hot air. They're only warranted and full for two years. They squeak. They pop. Just like that. They can lose their setting to invite. They cost you a tremendous fortune. But if you really want a high quality brand, they mattressed. It'll last you for years and years. They call our good piezons. Our friends at Dalam Actress. 1-800 mattress. When you call that number, you'll get no run around. No showrooms and anagons. Just factory direct prices and the best brands. You know, trust and love and covet. When you call 1-800 mattress, you choose from Florida's biggest selection of Serta and Seely and King Corlan Simmons and tempered against Derns of Venice foster. Already for the same delivery and prices that are lower that are unbeatable. Much lower than a so-called big name change stores even during the so-called big sales. Call 1-800 mattress. You can have the baby want to live at the date and time you want. And that too hard to live every window that I've been talking about for years. You can't be with a stick. Call today. Like I've been doing for years. Call 1-800 mattress. Or log onto their website. Mattress.com. 1-800-MATTR ESLive off the last is because it stands for savings. St pandemic myths, information after writing alguns story. 4-600-CK. 24-060 Dilink series? 7-10-1. 8-10-90. 5-24-14 hospitals. Are we Menu or of friend I need a thought. Happy to hear this for you, on you, don't mind. I need to build an end again. All the sugar boots are mountain. For a gosh of a couple hours. Happy to hear this for you, on you as me, on you, don't mind. I've got to tell, for you, I need a cow, full scale, and they're high. I've got to tell, for you, I need a thought. I need a saddle slide, and an adds to life, when a cowboys know and rubble. Time to cuddle up and snuggle. Happy to hear this for you, on you, through the grace of soul-turned man. It's so one 18. Here's a fact that you know it's where it's from, University died. So most people from Kimber's boyfriend down the street. Or Kimber's watch so Bob resets it to the one like guiding light. Like musical theater, yeah, like musicals I put it on a Broadway. Yeah, Tomp their best friends. I don't think so, okay. That's a little, yeah, a little bit over the top if you've heard that expression. We're bracelets. In other words, straight guys don't wear bracelets though. Are you serious? Let's go to second opinion. Anyone in there? Any of the straight guys in there? Where bracelets? Are there any? Josh? I don't think. I don't think. All right. I got it on there. I guarantee, I want you to take special over this of this because in two days it will be Thursday, okay. And on Thursday when Josh comes to work and every subsequent Thursday I want you to watch very carefully his attire. What are you implying? I don't know. I mean, you don't have to be finished yet. And I guarantee that he is so sensitive about these things that you'll never see him wear like a green shirt, green socks, green pants alluding. That's what he would be wearing green pants. But I mean, like that. He would say, you mean wearing any green because guess why? Well, I don't wear green. I hate that color and I don't own anything green. Well, I'm Irish. I have, I have like a nice shirt. I think. I don't think I don't want to Thursday. I don't really. I never heard that before. Anybody that doesn't wear any green at all? I don't like seeing anything. It's just on that. I mean, that's just almost over. Make this Valentine's Day in a memorable one for those close to your heart. By sharing the thoughts and words of romance and love in a way that can only be expressed through the romantic wisdom of Mr. Jack Clumpet. And the only other Valentine that we got is that same Valentine's Day massacre, and that's on an ACM this night. I never owed it in. I ain't a big holiday for bits. Okay. I just just check and do one like over look in it. So we're bracelets and, I don't know if you'll see. You won't be wearing a screen. I was Korean on Thursday. Did just make a mail note of it. That's all. I never heard that before. I'd love to hear more. There's nothing more to tell you than that. That's just a time when I was in school a hundred years ago. All the kids would say that. The only fags were green on Thursday. Yeah, but y'all sweat and naked together. Yeah. Well, that's okay. That's a real macho thing. That's okay. When you're real confident about your masculine, you have to worry about hiding your private from your body. And then you fake it's always safe. I'll put that on the pole. Once in. Put a y and then you get it together. Oh, guys, they go to the lion. That's the same thing as go to the gym. Oh, that's what the lion's the. Going to the y. That's okay. Why is a gym? That's not that. That's different. Okay. All right. The y is a gym? Yeah. What did you think it was? Hi. This is gym. So that. I was going to just storm for time. Sorry. FPL gives customers a job. Remember to call me an yesterday. Today some pio guy. People are pissed off. It's Lord of water. Reload. And they said there's a special place in L for FPL and they're right. I haven't seen that. Like many power users. Rick Carter and I don't want to go into it. I'm going to get started and we're going to get all been out of shape. Oh, see that. No, that issue they discussed yesterday. And that wasn't going to happen because there's money involved. So there are people who can talk a good game to you. And like patch you on a shoulder and make happy face. But in the meantime, it's that that's what it's all about. Well, it's too little too late. I've seen it. And this is the best of the F in money. That's all. No, no. It's not. Like many power users, Richard Carr's sell-o-plentation was stunned when he opened his latest bill from Florida Flunder, who says the herald, he had been expecting a happy increase because of new energy fuel charge. But now, what he saw, 42 percent bump over his billion ago. Oh, my God. 42 percent. This January, the FPL charge was 377 last year with 2 18 35. Actually, it would have been worse for his five bedroom house for the bill covered. For 24 to January 24th, and new search charges kick into January 5. Like many people, car seller went right in news reports that Florida Flunder would loot. Said the energy search charge would cause an increase of 19 percent in the average homeowner's bill. Can you please tell me what's really happening? You asked to Harold? The answer while FPL emphasizes average use. Have your power uses a faint considerably more and being charged to higher rate. As the first bills are arriving with a full month of, yeah, and the other thing, the first thing part of it is generally speaking, people are heavier users. Our people would be families, right? Would like a whole bunch of children. So they can least afford the higher rate. I mean, I don't know the rest of it. As the first bills are arriving with a full month of the increase of your charge, businesses are singing increases of 20 to 40 percent in their life bills. And some power dependent sectors like floral importers, fear the heck, you'd have some of a lot of business. What's more, larger homes get hit in a much higher rate. For those who use less than 1,000 kilowatt per hour, the final is the average homeowner. The surcharge is 5.8 cents per kilowatt hour. The average homeowner actually uses about 1170, but that figure includes all sorts of folks in small one-red room apartments who use far less than that, meaning that many in the middle class use far above the average. And they pay for it. Over 1,000 kilowatt hours, the surcharge claims to 6.8 cents per kilowatt hour, 70 percent higher than the base surcharge. The result is a lot of angry customers, right gold, of Cambridge diagnostic products, saw he's likely to go from 500 bucks in December to 7,771 in January when you're dealing with an employee, he had no choice. So Roy, you tell him Roy, Jean and Tom Crowl, communications director of the U of MS medical school, so she tried to do it, right? Eski and FPL left to survey her West Kindle home and recommend ways to save. Because of that, she bought a new more efficient air conditioner for five grand. They swore that once we got the new way, see we'd see a huge difference. The result? We just got our FNL bill, 105 bucks in the middle of winter she wrote in an email. This year the billing period was 32 days, the family of 1636 kilowatt hours. Last year the billing period was 30 days. We got 30 minutes. We got 1667 in the lowest $40 less, they used a little bit more and the bill is $40 less. It's just a disgrace, call road. Absolutely correct. All you folks. FPL spokesman Bill Swank said the utility makes no money on the surcharge. It simply passes through its cost and gas roll charges everywhere. It's been so long. Thanks again Mr. President for those low gas prices. FPL proposed in the PSE agreed to a two tier surcharge as an incentive for users to cut down on usage and help smaller less affluent residential cost. Oh yeah, that's a nice incentive. Right. Forishluckers, they got six kids in the house. We're very concerned about what these fuel prices have been to our customers. FPL spokesman, make a little bit of Fania. Yeah. Unfortunately, it's been driven by market conditions. We don't believe you make a co. Some of the hardest it had been flowering porters. They must keep their products at 34 to 38 degrees. Christine both of the association of floral and porters of Florida. Said most import is run to to 4% profit margins and spend 4 to 70,000 a month for electricity. 4,000 to 70,000 a month for electricity. They can't handle 20 to 40% of the high-send their power bills. Probably some are going to go out of business because of this bull said. FPL Swank said, we want to work with end-to-find solutions. We know how much their cost are going up. Right. Sure you do. FPL reps have talked to the import. As the suggested ways to come to cost, they talked about upgrading our AC systems and make them more efficient bull said the most can't afford to spend the 30 to 40 grand would take for the chain. They're feeling the chain. How do you like that? FPL rotten hell. They're the most delicious delicious delicious. Yeah. And especially if, well, they're just the neighbors man. They're just the rubber stamp crowd. You know, I mean, I don't have any evidence, but I just had these fantasies of big big suitcases full of all kinds of money passing back and forth. But at PS and C, such a crooks. The PSC man, they're just raping the public. But they're letting others rape you folks because gang rape is amusing to them. 26 past one a QAM, when you're shopping for shoes and you don't want to get raped. You want to spend a fair price for a great pair of shoes. Head for Brandies in Pompatau Beach. Always very reasonable prices. Always special deals going on every week. And always the best election of major brand shoes. Brandies carries rock for it. For a shine. Echo, SAS, Nafisto, new balance all the other top names in the shoe business. US for Arnie when you go in and help make dang sure you get a customized video favor comfort you had a price that's unbeatable to. The pros and Brandies even scratched lies in wide widths as well. If yours are big and fat and your feet too. Brandies is worth it for from anywhere in South Florida. Don't forget it's an unbeatable combination that everybody's looking for. If you want to be a smart shopper for comfort style, feed value went selection. Always think Brandies shoes and you find Brandies in 1290 North federal highway in Pompatau Beach. Brandies open every day for you. Every day Monday through Saturday to nine and Sundays till five. We're going to begin this week. It's a great time to buy SAS shoes at Brandies because you can save 20 to 40 bucks again. I'll for real tell price of all great men's and women's SAS sales this week. So be sure to get your ass in the Brandies this week or visit them on their website. New your shoe shop and right there at Brandies shoes.com. This is Neil Rogers. What is this? Is by 16 Kim Faye. Spread them and faye cheese. In that power company. Oh, oh. You put the cute tilties in New Jersey. Florida paradise in life. There is a hurricane that blows as much as you can. When it's storm threat, sweething town on food at their power off. On the floor it gets in. We've been the rest of us two marbo like a blue flow of exploding transport. We're buying us a historical perspective of 1957's technology. And in the moist heat of tropical darkness. Food and gaming's had a reason our radios broadcast your latest press release for South Florida. It says your trucks and crews are ready to move from the Alabama State border. And they're questioning everywhere's mind. Oh. So as we search for your appropriate answer to how many of the all emergency crews does it take to change the life of Florida paradise in life. This hurts for you. In that power company. Oh. Once or anyone take a look at this now man shot and wounded by us president Shaney. Harry Woodington suffered a minor heart attack after bird shot becomes large in his heart. How do you like that? Oh, I know. It was the available to take care and to deal with problems. Gonna be in a hospital. At least another way. Can fact maybe he's going to die. I think. Dip with Mr. Loatington's strier heart. Man is starting. So now he's stamina the will that he will do very well and we're prepared to deal with anything to make the ball ride. Now I don't want to stop in sensitive because I don't know. Harry Wittington from Harry Truman. Okay. But I will say this. Should he die? I mean, you know, I'm not saying he's going to die. He said he here's old and he's got bird shots stuck in his heart. And it caused irregularities and he suffered a minor heart attack. And he's like going every couple of seconds. Last thing he was heard to say was, I'm dying on the head. Right there. Which I'm not sure what that means, but he's not in great shape. And you know how they've been blue sky in this last 24 hours. Well, he's out of intensive care. He's doing great. He's got a big smile on his face. He wants to go pat the cheney on a ass again. You have a good time. Go out and bird shoot again. Or bird doggin. And here he is. He had a heart attack. He has a fuel for relation. He's not had a heart attack and it's for this whole sense. And he said before he was in a non-traditional sense. So with some, you're only think of a heart attack. He traditionally have a heart attack. It's not by getting shot by the rise president. So he had one of the non-traditional sense. He had none of those symptoms. A doctor's blancher could talk a little bit. Or a doctor. I don't know how to do that. But I was starting to say, and I don't want to sound like two in sensitive, is that I'm hoping he croaked. Now that's a terrible thing to say. Because I don't hope, you know, I just really feel that way. But just, you know, so that if this is what it takes. Because the public doesn't care about any of the other things that Jamie's done. And all the people, other people, who you've been responsible for killing, who are not 78 years old, either who lives Adam. But since the public doesn't care about that, and since the media doesn't care to like, grab that and run with it, since this seems to be the thing that they want to like, glam on to. Great. Okay. Let's have this guy die. And then we'll see what they're, you happen. Right? Well, is it a terrible thing to think? No. Because I'm thinking just, just because I'll know generally, well, I think about it. If I think somebody's going to die, they, you know that. I, I, that's my psychic powers. And I went a lot immediately into a clock and buy her, he went into Voodoo Bell, they're on sale on the street corner all over town now. Well, start sacrificing chickens. Birdshot piece apparently moved to the heart. How do you like that? Now wouldn't this be man's slaughter? Yes, it would be unless you're the vice president, which clerk case, he gets a medal. Oh, he gets a gold medal in a purple jelly bean rate. I see. 560, 50560 pound and valentines. They have all things for me to be saying, I hope this guy dies. That's a terrible thing. And I'm sure you want to apologize for her. I don't know. Oh, I'm a 32 AM. Hello. See, line one is all upset now. They ran away. W2 AM. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I go back to the first two end of the scenes with Richard Simmons. Yeah. And Bob is done with, and when we go clouds, he's the same. Oh, my God. He wasn't equal, beale, not Bill, right? The old calleder. That was just a joke. And also, I think the vice president should tighten up on a hundred safety code. Thank you. Okay. And happy 94th birthday. 560, 50560 pound, 5060, and a beale caller. Well, I haven't forgotten that. You know, he didn't. I see. Well, I think what the guy was trying to say was, I don't have the number one. Send in here. I think I've forgotten. Sometimes I see myself. W2 AM. Hello, I'll find it. It's in their computer. Is it? Neil, got an appropriate quote. Yes, sir. Oh, those Aaron Gilbeck. Is the guy's where? And the Patty with an otters? The what's the what's the what's the. The Patty with an otters? And the Aaron Gilbeck? The Aaron Gilbeck. The Aaron Gilbeck? What tells that? Those bags of the guys were nowadays. They're the Aaron Gilbeck. And the Patty with an otters? What is this man? Is that it? That's one of that. That's all. Let it go. Sometimes I feel. Got people. The world's mine. Stop it. It's just. Stop it. It's just. Oh, that's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. Abdullah 75.iday. One on out. All that's all. It's all. monde. Meditary. Many. Till i'm. I'm gonna go ahead and finish it off. Do you want another one? No no I Want to have another one. Oh I start to yeah what can you start it again? Let's start it differently. Oh immediately you E malaria E Jude E N T M rpologie Ed joining E O He's There's a three. Is this the original? I think like that. What does it mean? I think like that. What does it mean? Sometimes I feel like people are worse than mine. Who will listen to your show? Name a smile I can shine as you. You can never get by my friend. Bit harder on a radio. Bit harder on a radio. My radio. Mmm. I don't want to. I don't want to. I like that again. You're in to that. Well, that's the problem. You're not working on a touch station. Of course, there are no more touch stations. There are no such thing. No more. They've just got so cold, sophisticated touch stations. All the people are like, you know, disconnected and disjoined it. Just join that joint. As opposed to the way I was like an I and Z and I OD and one big happy or dysfunctional family as the case may be. And will we got us like a sports talk? We're like the Amnesty. Yeah. We're like the the odd piece that don't fit in the puzzle the red head at step-chat That's it. We're around the hole that don't fit in the square peg or the other way around the other round Yeah, we're the round thing 20 till 2 a QA we got bulk camper coming out. He's pretty round. He's a big guy Well, he was about 600 pounds. He's about 20 feet tall kick your ass if you look at him cross-eyed guarantee And he I guess is a manicure and pedicure every day. There be a couple of days. You better be fulp a Finally a TV experience like no other Comcast digital cable with on demand is easy to use has lots to love and today you can try for just 34-99 Amongth for three months, why is TV so much better with on demand? I'm glad you asked for starters You can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want it's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV On demand is a library of 1000s of programs ready to start when you say so with programming including free movies Kitcho's music videos was cooking and shows sports, home improvement shows guitar lessons and lots of more. You'll always have something really good to watch right when you want to watch it. And don't forget about control. With on-demand you can start stop, plus rewind fast forward programs, just using your remote control. You sure won't get all this with satellite. With up to 250 channels plus on-demand you can build your own TV schedule, who could possibly ask for more. And best of all on-demand comes free with Comcast Digital Cable. So pick your show time, sit back into wonder how you ever got along without it. Also they order Comcast Digital Cable and HBO with the Power of On-demand for just 3499 a month or three months in Dade called 305 Comcast or in Broward. 9-5-4 Comcast. This is New Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8-8-8. Oh! Dear God. and in Well, I haven't played that a long time and I'm speaking to make sure Lewis. We've heard heavy duty. You know, we're not even again, are you? I've heard that would be really bad. Oh, I guess one. So John's John and Baker brought in food today. That's right. And I had my sloppy sausage sub. Yeah. I'm sampling some of that pizza because I never got a chance to do the other day. And that was great. What do you mean, and? Told you. I got a car man for your father. What do you got? I got a meal par, I'm going to pizza. Excellent. See, so now we got John Baker making you guys fat. And we got occasionally some other guys hoes and your buddy Brad. Excellent. Better use than me. Yeah, that's true. I'm going to dig through the garbage see if I left anything cookies in there. Oh, right. Good night. Here's the story now. Hunter shot by Cheney as a heart attack. Oh, right. Now, not that we feel bad. Yeah, we do feel. But do we feel bad? No. We don't know this guy. The 78-year-old lawyer who shot by Vice President Daniel Hunting accident has some bird shot, Lodge in his heart and had a minor heart attack at hospital official said today. Peter Bancow, the hospital administrator at Christmas spawn hospital, Crookless Christy Memorial, said Harry Wittington had the heart attack early day while being evaluated. He went, oh, he said there was an irregularity in the heart. Be caused by bird shot pellet and doctors performed a cardiac cathodeization. What didn't him express a desire lead the hospital of Bancow said he probably stayed at least another week. Wittington, a prominent Republican attorney from Austin was accidentally sprayed with shotgun pellets. When Cheney was aiming for a quail Saturday, I wonder who was Dan Quail? No, he was. Quail Hunting 101. Look at that. And he got Ricky Tickie Sanchez on it. Oh, shoot yourself in the leg, Rick. Oh. Look at that. That's about 60 yards out. That's a dangerous one. Okay. Well, we'll keep that in mind, Rick, when we see it next time. Wittington initially went placed in intensive care. He had been moved to a step down unit yesterday. And for doctors to decide to leave several bird shot pellets, large in his skin, rather than try to remove them. They figured in his and his age and looking the way he does, what's not to like, you know? How can it hurt? Right. Just poke a diet. A testist person while after parmen reports that Wittington was retrieving a down bird and stepped out of the honey line he was sharing with Cheney. Another cubby was lost in Cheney's song on a bird and fired. But a bang. Strecking, winning, then in the face neck, and tested approximately 30 yards. That's third man. The wildlife department issue reported yesterday that found the main contributing factor of the accident was the 100 judgment factor. No other secondary factors were found to a plate of roll. A 100 judgment factor, in other words, he's the leader. Right. You're vice president. Totally be it. Not only that, but also didn't buy the $7 license to be doing this thing. He's a poacher. So the exact answer, I know you're a poacher. What do you do it? Just like the eggs you like in the morning, like stem poacher. During wheel, the same thing happened. It's the heart releases these end-dine and it looks like a heart attack. It's not your typical heart attack that it caused by coronary blockages. Right. They thought it was a heart attack, but it's not. Who are what is the biggest hype of all time we're asking today? We got a phenomenal response. 1421 votes. That's enough to make Josh wear a big green blaze of work on Thursday. It isn't? No. 436-day religion and you folks are, you got your thumb right on a baby. Biggest hype ever. And the biggest curse, the biggest cancer too, while you're at it. The biggest curse to mankind. Well, you got the curds in the ways and the sheights and the sh... What's the amount of the sunnies and sunni-relater? WMD is 190. Howard Stern 134. I can't say they're 11 or they hate them. They either pay for it or they don't want to pay for it. You know how that goes. American Idol 13. Super Bowl 96. A segue 83. Why 2K 57? Elvis 51. Broke Ash Mountain 46. Low carb diets 37. Tom Cruise 34. Hey, Tommy. You're fair. The Olympics 33. Madonna 32. The Beatles 27. Low fat diet 16. Doctors will have they would let him in a mash eight. Doctor Phil 4, Oprah 4 and Michael Jackson 4. Out of 1425 votes. Man, are you impressed or what? Yeah. Yes. Y'all to be. That sloppy sauce is sounds awfully good. Is that like cheese on it? Yeah. It's a sausage permesan. Mami, the sausage is chopped up, you know. Man. So instead of having a bite of my alley sound. Right. Good God. I'll take you word for it though. I just can't. I think that would be like atkins approved. You just need to burn. You know, right. I'm sure you're reading the bread. You know what? I'm doing it. I love the. The unmasking of covert CI officer Valerie Plain Wilson by White House officials in 2003 says the raw story. Cost significant damage to US nationals occurred in instability counter nuclear proliferation abroad. Raw story has learned. According to current and former intelligence officials, Plain Wilson had worked on the client-distan side of the CI and the director of operations is a non-efficient cover and O.C. officer. Was part of an operation tracking distribution and acquisition of weapons and mass destruction does not technology to and from Iran. Speaking under strict confidentiality and told us officials revealed here to form the report elements of Plains work. There were a constant test at Plains Islanding was more serious than has been previously reported and carries grave implications for US national security and its ability to monitor Iran's virgining nuclear program. So just out of spite, out of peak, to get even with Joe Wilson. They out her ass and as a result, they put people in jeopardy while to talk in a big game about security, safety, safety, and all the other crafts. Do you want to say? Pippocrates. While many of the liars, forget about hypocrites, liars, butcherers, murderers, butcherers. While many of the speculated that Plain was involved in monitoring the nuclear proliferation black market, specifically the proliferation of proliferation activities of Pakistan's nuclear father, AQ, Con, and told the sources say that our team provided only minimal support in that area focusing almost entirely on Iran. How do you like that? Can I just mention that in Pakistan? Not for anybody to carry out the bird shop, baby. Now that it's lives in this guy's heart. Murderer. Murdering vice president. Sounds like, let's get permission on the case. He couldn't defend his gun. See what I'm saying? See this is good because this will be a lot of distraction. Not going to have to spend a lot of time doing damage control on this crap. And on scooter, let me crap. All they can do is like, can try to patch up all the holes in the wall. I'm saying? What do you say with me? No, it's just good for us because it's the first time that they can like, you know, spy on you and open your mail and listen to your phone call. They're doing double duty. Well, in your case, yes. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 16. Alan. Now it's David. Welcome back to the Mohawababah show. Where we're juxtapullosany, but good clean family one. I'm here and you're dead. I just died of praise. You know that fight smoking things rapes funny. Is that funny, man? What? What? What? What? Since when is gang rape funny? What did you require of me? I require you drive your veins. Now see here. Right now. I don't know if you're a little bit. Drop off. We own a dirty like a pain. Get down here. Get down here. Get down here. Get up there. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's get up. Everybody want to rape me. Like a sweet thing. It's fun. Put it back. Put it back. Put it back. Put it back. Put it back. Put it back. Put it back. Put it back. Put it back. Get down here. I don't want to see you. I don't want to see you. Put it back. Put it back. Put it back. Put it back. What do you have some kind of fairy? Great. What do you know about being queer you're more on? I've been right enough to know the difference. We should both have been talking about sports here. This is sports radio over here. We love that. I'm just point on it. I don't plan to get paid by the door. I'm going to make something out of this great paper. I understand you. There may be later I pull the links. It just out of my pants. Okay. It's a joke, you moron. Oh no. There's more shins in my pants. Who's the boy? And who's the boy? Who's the boy? Who's the boy? Oh, you say what? Help. Help. Oh, boy. How can it help? Well, you see what? Yeah. We keep getting raped. I'll get a little. I'll get a little. And if you want to do it, I know what. Thanks, wooden. Some people. But if you now drop your pen. I said drop your pen. There's a more candle. If you just don't, don't want to watch. Like this. Or in the, uh, I'll put it in your eyes. Or like this. Oh, oh. This is a noise, this is a noise. Oh, shit. And I look when you make me talk. I think you're pants on now. And why? Who? Do you want to walk my show? Come in, I've got over there. Come in, come in, come over here. I've got over here. Oh, come on. Go to the pizza. No, I did not feel both pizza cold. Let me go there. Now I'll see here. I ain't no pie, very blurred, dude. I did not feel both. I only had one slice. Footsteps and colds are going to go to a store. See if anybody's inside. No, no, close. Come out, send a little close. I can't break. Oh, my God, my stomach is breathing. Oh, my God. Oh, you're a tough guy, huh? Why are you at a scene? Oh, my God. Now I see him. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God, right out right there, subject step aside. I'm a little Pope, see. I stand before you now. It can't be the reason why suddenly. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'm not a boy. Oh, my God. Well, perhaps you'll find your mind, your daughter, my two to leave. I don't like all the time. I'm a fool to it. I don't want you to lose all of it. Keep the time. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I'll never bite me. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Of course it's for a point that I helped the view. Why I'll not get off. Oh, my God. I go home now. Who am I? Watch out for Mr. Wibbles. We need to run the screen. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, God, I'm out of it. That's what I say. I guess my ass. Bye-bye, bye!