Rogers guy Shmoops to the left and knees Pots to the right, he rinsed I can't have trouble with you You feel But I'm stuck in a temple with you And I'm wandering all in as I do I don't want to play the way with one And I know that I don't like my default But I'm stuck in a temple with you And I'm stuck in a temple with you And I'm stuck in a temple with you Well you're in your daddy's business, but you're claiming your It's self-made man And you're all so, come over Ask you for a bangle and poop Okay, let's start out with a great car. QAM. Hello? Yes? Yeah, I was definitely calling the phone on the money ready, is it? The money? What money? That's the show that you're having today. The show that we're having on the money? Yeah, for the bomb, what you call it? Bomb, you're asked? Bomb, Iraq? Yeah, the bomb, Iraq. Yeah. It's our issue, why? How much you want to bomb Iraq? Bomb? How much can you want? From waiting? Bomb, I don't know how much you want. I give it to you, no? How about, how about, 50 cents? How about 30 cents? How about, about 30 cents? How about 30 cents? Ah, definitely deliver the product at. Okay, well, listen, we'll see if we can raise it for you. Uh, 10, 5, 5, 6, no crossover with the Humphrey today, because he's got bigger fish to fry than me. I'll tell you that. So must be an awful big fish. Maybe it's a trout or a sturdy, old-sit-like kind, or a big sturgeon could be. Maybe a sturgeon from Sturgeon's Michigan, Palabair. You don't want to be living there all of a sudden. They had this great, um, not a great restaurant. It was a restaurant side of a hotel. Before they had the best of even clams, Chaudha, or other than in New England. Man, it was good. Used to make that my whole lunchman, go there and get it. And they give you like a big bowl, you're almost like a bat in it. Well, look at the way these cones are smoking, man. Al sir, Cowys, Dad, the war is over, everything's okay. Everybody's coming home, not. And fact, 12 people were killed in 20 others wounded. And a roadside bombing at a crowded market in Southeast Asia, and his bagged-dad, JD neighborhood, according to an official with bagged-dad police today. A second roadside bomb 30 minutes earlier. Not 30 minutes. They made a hood target in Iraqi police patrol. Two civilians were killed there and eight police wounded in the incident. These attacks came on the same day as US and the networks are hypervettinating. And there's your fearless leader. And the pretty mountain business. He put about business man. He gave him look for Alzarkawi. We'll see him no more. They got pictures in him with his eyes closed. So he's either dead or maybe he's taken an F. He's dead. US and Iraqi authorities announced that terrorists leader Abul Musab, Alzarkawi, the most modern man in Iraq was killed in a coalition era strike. All right. For how's Alzama doing? We got him in. And how about Millibu Omar? No. No. We got to sign him. Locked up. Of course he didn't have nothing to do with any of this, but nevertheless. In fact, when he was in there, there wasn't all these terrorists running around kill while these innocent people plus our soldiers. But nevertheless, don't start p.m. on their parade, man. They are just emotionally wound up like an alarm clock. They're just there. They're going to be a parade. They're doing an apple crisp. They're already TV and they're all over the world. At least pushing clear anyway. Oh, look at that. Olga Morera, how am I going to read this? The print is tiny. I like a scotty. Try the thwart to devil old-gid did, but death cut up with her anyway. Oh, no. Morera 77, a devout Catholic from the Jamaica section of Queens. Purfously chose to go from Go Home from Fitchburg for a doctor's appointment today before June 6 to avoid traveling on the dreaded day of the devil. 666 yesterday. She had a fear of what might happen on 6-606. She was a very religious Catholic woman. She had a feeling that something was going to go wrong. She must have left her rosary beads behind. Maybe that's it. Oh, that's what a granddaughter said. Anna and Nera Le Dima of Fitchburg. This print is tiny and also, but anyway. Morera, however, died before she could brave the very day that she feared. How do you like that? About 3-14 money after noon. The express man Morera had booked for her trip home, gave way from its park position, started to roll down a street and struck a park car. Two passengers, including Morera, were ejected through the open van door, I thought she was a good Catholic. Lord wouldn't do that to her. No. Morera suffered to her head trauma when her head hit the ground and later she died, and view mass medical center in Worcester. Ramon or bees who runs the Worcester Bayes New York City expressed vans service didn't return to Calcycne comet. She was 77 and she wasn't significant medication and nothing was wrong or with her Le Dima said. Maybe she suffered from a Dima. Morera is a seamstress to move to the York from Ecuador She will be very dissed and face for her son and Tony Olives. Brother to children, you're land and goto-fready. What does that say? I can't read it. Is that what it says? Gallo? Gallo-fready. They're not people with 10-final service because they can't afford to travel from Ecuador. Wow, what difference does it make? She won't care. She didn't want to travel on that specific day. She wanted to feel safe at home, said Le Dima. We felt that was the safest way to get her back. Well, they got her back, but you know, in the box. I think that's exactly what they had in mind. Or maybe this what they had in mind. Pretty grim, pretty grotesque. You can't start to strategize and start thinking too much. It's a bad idea. I said it one thing. That crossed over the thing with the Humphors. Start to get the little, iffy. You know, are we just dumping that now or what? We just, especially with the summer schedule come out. Think that'd be a good idea to stop that all together. I'm sorry. I was listening to a song in Kiev. WK. QAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. Hello. How are you doing? Alright. Man, I just call their earlier Metro PCF hangup for me. I was trying to see if I win anything. Or if I could win anything. Yeah, no. No. QAM. Hello. I was going to be calling on there. I'm going to turn that up. How are you doing, buddy? Turn that off, pal. Yes. Yeah. I thought, would you come out to your free case with your people. I write them on the front. I thought, we're going to go out before dangerous. last week of three from out in the dioritis you may define the car before you went out on my car Jesus. He's a good guy. He says he should have said that a few times those of you who can't hurt. So he went out and he comes back and he's the only one that ate his wife that erected twice. That's the reason to throw it. Ah, that's because Jesus was pissed off. He don't go for that motor sport. Exactly. And if I see you out there, I don't go. I'm going to kick your ass. I heard you hear me. Okay, get him for Jesus, man. And then kick his ass for Jesus and go away already. Here's the pull we have from yesterday. Who's your favorite dead singer? Oh, this could take us right up till midnight. Let's take a look at that schedule for us. What day is it Thursday? We got guilty at the NBA final. And now it's early. I'm at your part in the Thursday. Yeah, damn it seems like Sunday. All right. Oh, man. Doug 4 to 7. We have no Marlon Marlon salvage to the game out of that series out there. I've heard that Josh is pretty impressed by that. I've actually very buzzed in no home run. I actually don't know. I didn't get to see the game. Well, they are. They Marlon's beat to make the ones. I know that. I saw that. Well, I'm just telling you that. I don't know what to call it. I don't know what to call it. I only run. That's one more. One more tallie than Edmonton got against Carolina last night. More tallie. Nothing. Oh, I didn't see that. I was busy getting my money back from my machine. And I did most of it again. I'm going to come back kid old kid. But let's see. Mad dog 4 to 7 7 9. We got Q. I was opening 10 foot Curtis where he didn't sense it. Baby. Oh, yeah. We don't have the game. And anybody with a brain that cares about me watching on TV. We got the opening tip man. Then we got the heat we wanted after the game in the middle of the game and onto the game over the top. Curtis at nine nine to ten. That's after the opening tip with Curtis. Just kind of a Curtis nine to ten. Eddie K. At ten then at midnight. It's heat we want with any K as opposed to just playing any K from 10 to midnight. Got that very heat intensive. Cause tonight is that big game man and Detroit. I tell you what they in the Emotor is going to ruin the fact that they gave away the first game that blew three nothing. Leave it away and I greasy go they're going to ruin the fact that's the end of them. Who is your favorite dead singer John Lennon wins hands down everybody's pants 239 Bob Marley 153 that's just it makes me want a gag a little bit. Jim Morrison 19 Elvis 93 Freddie Mercury 79 Roy Orbison Roy the boy 69 that's what they say in gay country Roy the boy Frank Sinatra 67 Marham G66 Johnny Cash 61 Jimmy Henry 58 Kurt Cobain 53 George Harrison 47 I hate this pull 41 that's a good number right in the middle Jim Crochi 40 Frank's apple 37 pass you climb she's still walk in after midnight 34 Karen Carpenter 32 Janice John five I've got Karen should probably see the shit of going to Vegas she was California girl anyway. Mm hmm. She's going to Vegas and eat in the face a little bit that's right. Janice John 31 Jerry Garcia 26 could he sing or what oh not a lick he maybe he could lick man. See the cruise 21 that King cool 18 Rick Nelson 18 Tyward Knack King cool. I think actually was the same guy just in blackface buddy how is 17 very white 15 2 pack 13 2 pack Bobby Darren 11 notorious B.I. G 11 Luther Vandross 11 Mama Cash Elliot 7 did not choke on a ham sandwich was actually for strami on right Sam Cook 6 we find a guy that all straight now old dirty get five David rough in three building pressed in three and Eddie can't risk poor Eddie out of fifty hundred plus boasts only got solamente dose solamente solton't do a actually impressed with my linguistics that you're a real inguel yeah a real ingueling is right 10 13 in five 60 W come we're going to take a lot of calls today man we're going to be very heavy phone call intensive maybe that guy can win a prize let's give him $50 million what do you say what do you think the beesie's got it coffee all right who ever just auction some stuff off on the QM website you know add that new revenue stream exotic a money beat his fun and exciting venue for the public to purchase the hottest new products and services from the adult industry oh my god me the adults cars including Janet Jamison and the club Jenna girls to her Patrick and lots of lots more is take pictures you can brag about for your shop for something sexy and the largest adult marketplace on these coast enjoy entertainment on stage with that's ranging from the committee's telling the wrong Jeremy he is a hoot to a 50 person male and female group group performance enjoy hours of entertainment there's burlesque hot body contest and more whatever way to sign a cell about your section is enjoy it with exotic at the Miami Beach Convention Center promises to be a memorable experience go to their website exotic cami dot comets triple X of course three X's exotic mimey dot com buy your tickets there check out who's coming and get info on the nightly after parties exotic cami cami dot dot com tomorrow Friday do nine through Sunday eleven in other words this weekend the Miami Beach Convention Center must be 18 over with valed ID and they'll check your shoe size and got to remove those what else exotic cami beats a celebration of sexy this is the best you've ever seen and this is G Gordon Lillian they don't come anywhere's the new Roger hey yeah I'm gone there. I have moved the rest away to retaliate for him. Why that smile of the devil got these ears from the ring? I'm gone there as a mobile. I'm gone there as a mobile. I'm gone there as a mobile. I'm gone there as a mobile. Oh, give them what they want. You'll see the free she's found. Send them up to be with the brave. I'm gone there as a mobile. I'm gone there as a mobile. I'm gone there as a mobile. I'm gone there as a mobile. Oh, man, it's all over now. We got Alzarkhaw, he's dead in the adornado. My god, who can you not like that, huh? He did. And the media of course are just saying they're doing that. They're doing happy days of her again. I got a little else Smith back out. They dug up his body. They happy warrior Alz Smith. Remember Alz Smith, 1928? No, I'm sure you don't remember Alz. How about the heaver, who or heaver? 501 votes off today's pool. We're not going to get to that thousand. I don't think because we got a very late start. I didn't put the pool up there till about one and an a.m. I had to come home from finally. I can open that machine, man, with a crowbar. I like to take a shotgun to it. 501, which of these issues you care most about? The economy. You know, we have to add to this abortion rights. So it's not. Don't you think that's moving important. See, not literally as important as them. Fag merges. Let's see. The economy. 155. The war in Iraq. 152. Although now it's going so swimmingly well. Although their bodies all over the place. But nevertheless, at least one of them is Alz Arkawi. Legalizing pot. 52 a distant third. That's your crowd. Education. 52. Freedom of speech. 51. Oh, that's gone now. But I voted. I told it. That in decency thing passed over bombing. We're getting to that later on. It's in my pile. Although I do want to take 40,000 calls today. It'll be a lot of calls. illegal immigration 48. I hate this poll only 19. They likes it. Well, kind of game marriage. Only 9.1.7% and flag burning. Only 3. Half a 1%. That's going to be their next deal now. These are business right wingers. Bringing up all like they call them the wedge issues. You know, they're wedging it. They're hedging it. They're wedging it. And now they're going to be all over this Alz Arkawi. It's thing like stink on Norma. It's going to be unbelievable. Speaking of Norma, Cuba breaks taboo with National gay soap opera. Do you see this story? Nope. You know, you'll hear it now. Let us up the date on the Cuban news as you are. Well, you better get with it. Talk to Miguel about it. He knows about his gay Cubans. Once persecuted and excluded and finally tolerated, Cuban homosexuals have seen the delicate, what is that? Oh, the debate. Open a lie. I can't read this. I wrote it myself because it chopped off on the edge. And they've seen the debate open. Why before the rise over the past few weeks? Open wide. Now state-run Cuban television is breaking even more taboo with a gay soap opera. I don't like that. How am I, uh, hey, good evening. For the first time ever, Cuban television is running a soap opera where several of the characters openly gay. The hidden side of the moon is the title of your band. Always throw something and bring into something real. Yeah, yeah. Rue some and grotesque. I'm going to kind of moon that is. Talk to the crew. Oh, no. The hidden side of the moon is the title of the soap opera that's generated so much controversy among Cuban viewers that the Institute of Radio and TV, A.S.J.1, entity, had to preemphrigate a program. I mean, invite up panel of experts to call for tolerance. Com those bastards down. Maddy, call, Maddy, call, boogaromb, blah, blah, blah, blah. We just like being in a, well, a sweet water again. The soap opera tells the story of people that by different means have been infected by HIV. Not everyone agrees with the notion that the soap opera, Cuban society, be more word diversity become more tolerant. Well, anything would be an improvement. Abraham Wano, a gay who regularly turns into a female character named Imperial, would ever go again all the drag queens all the time. Uh, at least that while the new soap opera did give an entry to homozynes, homozynes on television, it didn't necessarily help their image. Well, I'm sure that he's doing lots of stuff. By dressing up in drag all the time. All the drag queens all the time. You're fair, brother. Maddy, call, Maddy, call, boogaromb, etc. What do you think about, let's take a vote now, and at that time, I say, let's get rid of it. It's just going to be kind of ridiculous now, you know. All the, well, it does fit in with the rest of the program, and it's radio station. It kind of like in fits and starts, you know, sometimes we do, and sometimes we don't, sometimes we'll do it in a lot of times, you won't. I just tired of it, you know, let's start at 10. We went through all that business with a stern thing, you know, when we started whatever the hell, he felt like finally giving enough and going home. And I think we started 10, and I put that crap. Okay, okay. Well, no, because, you know, I'm not going to repeat what you said before the show. Right, I'm like everything you want to use that before the show either. No, I don't go ahead. No, I don't really go. I see, go and think about me. I'll say it on the air and off here, as opposed to you. Or always like, push you footing around on there. You make it up. Yeah, oh, yeah, I know. Just like all that crap about that, and destroying our studio all the time. You just trouble making everything else. Yeah, I'm just staring. I'm just staring. So tell you, that's right. Just make that stuff up. You know, this meeting that's going to take place tomorrow with Norma Kint and the two of the trauma with there. Clarence, Diro, and Joe Bill. This, I'd like to be a fly on a wall on that. Because they talk about the blind leading a blind. I'm only three of them. I haven't got any idea what this is show is all about what our issues are. And they're having a big meeting. They're going to have a, and yesterday the house passed at in D season Z bill. So now it's, you know, they're going to get to final thing all ironed out. And it'll go to the busional side. And so fast that your eyes won't be able to blink. And so now, if you think we were under tremendous pressure before, just wait. You ain't seen nothing yet boys and girls. You just wait. It is going to be so clean and pristine and mean. It's going to be be on belief. We won't, not only won't be able to play farce sounds on you. We won't even be able to fart in our personal lives. You don't have to fart with them. I think I put it in the contract. That's part of the insubordination clause. If you fart, you're out. WQAM. Hello. Copy that. WQAM. Hello. It puts Elver Cow in the bus. WQAM. Hello. Okay. Those are our three calls for that segment. I've tell you we're going to take a lot of calls today if you've got them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See what? At least expect it and you put the pressure around and then it can't come through. It's always been this way. Although, never quite this way, you know? No, never quite this way. Like it is on this radio station. I've been doing this a long, long time. It's ever quite, but this is the Q&F in the way what we are getting here. Oh man. I just got the ass into this studio. Yes, go and know. There's Tony Snow on here with his little swastikon is armband. Doing his glitch like uberallist thing. Elzer Cow is dead. Let's see, he's trying to come up. I'm a bum bum bum bum. Oh yeah. Don't tell how to tarby. No, Tony. Don't squeeze too tight. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, what's up? Yes, sir. Trying to find another way on the show yet. If what? If I could win any money today, I'll try to find one. No, the answer is no, do not call again. If you call one more time, we're going to send a look at Bratsy, your house to kill you. How's that? Don't ever call us again, and we will break your neck. Get out of here, you idiot. Call us anytime you want. WDQAM. Hello. Shack. And check this. Check in the mail. QAM. Hello. No. Yeah. Whatever. I'm not sure if Randy's flat is. What happened to one? That sure. Randy said it. Whenever I happen to do it, they're exhuming it right now. And your body. Shmuck. Boy, these people talk about living in the past. Oh, good. God. Yeah. I know what his favorite group is. The Inkspots. Well, he thought they were inkspots, anyway. 26 to after 10 to 5. Sixy. I think all calls today. I got a huge big pile of really important stuff here. I don't, I'm not going to waste my time with it. I'll probably get you all depressed. I can save it for tomorrow. Whatever. Plus you're on vacation next week anyway. Oh, we can't do that. I'm on vacation. And we're sliding into the summer time. There's nobody around. There's nobody in town. No. We just kidding. You know, as it was, we were playing about a third of a deck now. It's like about a tenth of a deck. We got about 5.2 cards. Well, there's that picture of Alzar County sleeping. Size are closed. You think, you know, he's laying out there under a blanket out in the desert. When he looked peaceful there, then he looked in pieces there. And of course, you know that now that he's dead, won't be any more killing. No, more than so over. We're all over. No. I mean, he's going to be peaceful. Although I do wonder about all those other people who died this morning after he got off the roof. Well, they just know. I guess the message hadn't gotten on the straight. That's right. That now we're all going to be peacemakers. Blessed are the peacemakers. Remember, you know, I love Wallace said that just before he ate the canoli. Hey, if you love voting, who the hell doesn't man? So it's a real hoot to get out there in the water. And you really ought to. But don't go spending a lot of money to buy a boat because the price and the maintenance of it, and all the grief that goes along with it is just, it's unbelievable. During hurricane season alone, it just thick of the possibilities. Instead of that, cocks up not a coin and joy of the water, the easy way, 1-800 boat rent. By paying the expenses of boat ownership, when you can rent one totally hassle free. Through an economic club not a cocks up, called 1-800 boat rent, you'll be amazed to just how easy they make it for you and how they take care of all the stuff. No docking costs, no expensive upkeep, no insurance, no hurricane preparation. When you have a boat from club not a cocks up, you use it totally stress free and we're you affordable too. It's the smart way to go. Now 1-800 boat rent, no hitting the boat, ready because club not a cocks up does it for you. No cleaning up either because it club not a could just hop on your boat go out there and just have a spectacular time when you're done pulling the dock, it often just run away. It's that easy, you know, take care of all the other business. Club not a cocks up, 1-800 boat rent from an unlimited voting to pay as you go from small boats to yacht charters and everything in between. It's club not a cocks up, 1-800 boat rent, a club not a cocks up, not a cocks up, not a cocks up. So take a look at the hotel or plan to fit your needs and your budget. Get on the water today to smart way by calling club not a cocks up, 1-800 boat rent. This is new razors. We could cook a dough. Yes, it's 5.62 a.s. F**k! F**k! F**k! You! Yeah! F**k! Wait down, child. Layers of the mudwamps go with the hang from trees and playman junkyard. Some cool foam, a station on, new fangled, raving old. Now as north, hair, lyricals, violins of big city and old. And that's where the bees leaves had to go for y'all a Riley Joe boat. Run, UGM! You do what he can! Yeah! Take your hand like a friend. Then quickly walk away. They had Joe go to 5-6-0 with raving ginger, toilet mold to get those. Playman's for Tomo's and order and control. And then so, go, we're all he goes about. You were in him the note he left smoke. Go, here's what blows, gives go, he his own Joe. Ha! You make the big change. And we know, rave. It's worse as a save. He hasn't done a thing. Oh, what goes on the air at 2. Two, Joe's power is sinkin' blue by the force. Not that of Bentley's blows for all raving old. But GM, 5-6-0, Jale, Riley Joe, a ride. 1034-5-60WQA, I'm happy a Thursday to him. We can start in the air roll along, not too fast. Oh, yeah. We were bitchin' before it. So if you're talking about a month, it's already the 8th of June. Yeah, I think the market down right now, and right on your wrist, we're not doing any more crossovers, which also includes you on the summer schedule. All through with that, the show starts at 10. Let's at least be between 10 and 2. Start having some continuity. I do. Some consistency, like the show starts at 10. And as a 2, almost every day, yesterday I apologize. I went about 15 seconds over and by, I noticed they chopped this off real fast. Like, it was an emergency. Like they might not have been able to say it's one more time. I'm always so prompt man. You could set your life on the atomic clock when we get done in two or two or three or two or three days. But then, of course, sometimes, they throw it. In fact, you know what I also do, remember we had the big debate about these lengthy rejoins and these promos that go on for like some of them 40 seconds, some of them almost a minute. So it takes basically the four minute break and it makes it into a five minute break. So based on the way, parents' programming us, we got like, instead of, you know, it would be like having four or five minute newscast in our. Think of that TKL WD documentary. You know, there used to be one five minute newscast on stations that did news. And then that was a lot, you know, that caused a lot of tune out. Like when stations used to be CBS affiliates and Kerry CBS news, it's up there five minutes. Now, so basically, we got to equivalent of four five minute newscast based on the way clearances, butchering this thing. So we don't, we don't have any time to waste. So nothing personal, let's say somebody wants to take it that way. But we're going back to a 10 o'clock start. And everybody, you know, they're all on their own. They got all our gutter role in a jet. It's like everybody's got their own radio station kind of you know what I mean? Oh yeah. They got their own thing and it runs schedule and it's like got something more important to do than we'll see him in a few days. And I hope that they feel okay and don't need too many below any sandwiches. Stuff like that. Although, of course, you know, if we just had Ira on here a few more times, I think that would put us over the top. We get back to those great numbers. We used to have once upon a time. I think we alienated into the audience because we don't have Ira on a show. He's not every other show. Well, that's all your fault. And probably also Tony for Intino and Eric Reed who talks to his teeth and all kind of like the spokesman. I mean, not quite as much as Petumi, you know. When you knew the spokesman, you had to like keep telling yourself, Because he has spitter. He is a spitter. It's Brian Murray, the spokesman, man, you better know your spokesman, because you sure as hell don't. I don't. You better know B.M. In fact, when I heard, is he already knew what this morning? That's right. Collex life, the way to near this, this is a sea of coast to show you, man. I'm going back to college. College life isn't just about drinking beer. In a rare instance, Apple computer, Anxiconic iPod music player surpassed beer drinking as the most In thing among undergraduate college students, According to the latest by annual market research study. And any other item on listed also included text messaging, Bar Hopping and Download and Music. I'm sure they didn't put getting laid on there, But why would they do that? You know, you're a ghost study. Just telling you right now, MP3 players are like for little kids. And so many people are like, No, it is not. Okay. And iPod is not an MP3 player. Okay. Well, I have no idea. It's all he might hear in me. It's for all parts like us. But it's an MP3 player. What do you think it does? Right. No wonder your life hates you like toys, and wishes you would croak a wicked death. This year, drinking beer and Facebook.com, a social networking website, we're time for second most popular, with 71% of students identifying them as in. Facebook.com. I never heard of that before. It's like my space. Well, that we know about that thing. Okay. I don't. I suppose that is iPod. Laying right there on his public. Student monitor conducted survey, we can we can mark six interviewing full-time undergrad students at 100 US colleges. The audio audio. It's not an estimate about whether getting laid. I just don't want it. I guess I'm not fooling anybody on that count. I've got that. Hey, what's nothing is great? What is your favorite? Every two days I use that baby. That thing I got. Whatever that is. That's sharp or cutter. Razor. Shaper. Gens to sharp knife. Cook me. You know something if I were there right now. You can't be the thing I'm not because I would probably find a sharp knife. I've had that machete and do like a Stephen Harper on your head. 19, before 11 of QM, the summer season is approaching fast. That means it must be close to Father's Day. You want to know what it's a week from this Sunday. Come on. We all know what dads like to do on their big day and when they're through doing that, and maybe before they're doing that, they'd love to eat. It's time to call the melting pot. Make your reservation for Father's Day. Do something great this year for your father. The melting pot is a fantastic unique fondue restaurant. Edition of their famous cheese and chocolates. A serve of some serious meats and fish for hungry dads like yours. Party on fish from Cedacup to Le Mignon to black and shrimp. Terry Afe's surlan. Poor lobster and more. And it's not just a meal. It's like an experience when you go there because you're dipping and ducking and and the eating and the smiling and laughing. The melting pot in fact you can take your iPod with you. The melting pot definitely serve serious food for serious appetites. Nobody walks out of there are hungry. They water out of there with a big smile on their face and a big fat public. They also have an award-winning wine list to boot. And don't forget the melting pot's famous dessert man. When dad dips at the end of the chocolate, he'll just go nuts. He'll be a big ol' ballistic. Fiery tea to put a big smile on his pussy. So make that call the day and make your reservations invite to end into something different and delicious. A real fantastic experience at the Voting Power Restaurant near you a full four-course gift for dad from you. And when you call to make those reservations, be sure to tell the cranky old Neil to what he did to call. There's a melting pot in coral springs in Boka for Loderdale, North Miami Beach, Cooper City, and of course in highly congested candle. This is the new Roger. This is 5.62. An alarming hot little boy? Time Hank Stars in a film that will shake the very foundation of the Western world. The Gump Code. A ton of the painting, Gump at 12 stupid. Stupid as I'll super does, sir. There's the Gump Code reveal a secret secret bloodline. I'm not a smart man. The bottom is that is, that's the wife of David Jesus. Exposing the truth can be a dangerous thing. If all of that mistake and I think that I'll bottom man was trying to kill me. Run for his run! Okay. Don't run that'll bottom man get your treasure. We'll history be changed forever. His truth lock box, the chocolate, you never know what you're gonna get. The truth lies in the Gump Code. That's all I got to say about that. It's 1046. What was he, can he act or what? He is just a dark dynamic. Oh yeah. Although I do have it a pull I'm thinking for tomorrow about overrated TV stars. We've never done that. We can do overrated actors and actresses to be honest. I'm thinking more like TV people. Like sign-filled. Yeah. Tim J. Boick. Vanna. Vanna by the way. Just turn 88 and by the way she refuses to get on the plane with cancer and herisness. We can. She's got a premonition and something horrible is gonna happen. And the Republicans are hoping that she's right. Oh yeah. She was there. There was that article I had to give that a. She's been described as a pariah by the Republican Party camp in heris. There was a, the underdog. She was looking at a Chinaman's chance in purgatory, but nevertheless she's a stubborn bitch. And probably Jen promised it to her anyway. Yeah. For Alpine fixed it. 560560. Let's get these phones on fire baby. Let's get with it. I realize it's the dog. Vazes, it's the uh, getting to be the middle of June already. They're only about 400 people left in town and I have to have to be about it anyway. But they kind of need money to get out of town. Like you guys. 560560 and pound five 60 and the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. When you need them the most they're not there. Just remember that all summer long. Keep that long. Oh yeah. All about it. Oh, and I want me to end when you don't want them the most and they are there. You know, it's my gift on that when you're just monologueing and all the lines line up like what the hell do these people. Yeah, well yeah. Exactly. That happens all the time. When our six minutes of late catches up near and they get onto this thing, we're going to be taking a lot of calls. Then they're going to like be foaming. You'll see. Like this one here. WQAM. How's that told you? I could smell and move me in miles away. Now you're telling me that say Gilbert Jr. That's an imitator. That is an imitator. What's so what's that all about? He's got a fair club. That's how you. Does he really? Well I'm sure that he and the guy with the eyes and the guy with the yellow teeth. I'm sure they probably hang out together as a fatty pack guy. I would have found you bag right in, of course. Yeah, all that crap. Not to mention what's his name up there. Forcing loosely. What's the old night there not said? Oh, don't even say. I don't want to know what it is. I don't want to say anything. Think about it. He'll be all I know. And of course, what's his name in Hollywood? Uh huh. Then all that crap. See, what thing about doing this in this market and on this station especially? More so than any place else I've ever even dreamed of working is that once you get rid of the first group of Lun6, there's a whole other new one. Like the guy with the wants to know how much money he's going to win. Not exactly. He's at least a change. Yeah. I enjoy him a little bit. A little bit. Probably because this next hour I'll probably get a little tired of him. But there's like a server. It doesn't matter how many you blow up the limits. That's right. Like that abuzal. And that Zal. Alzarkawi guy. He blew up on service. There's 100,000 more waiting in line to take their place to be the next big hero. WDQAM. Hello. That was a good one. QAM. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing? A long time. A couple of times. Anyway listen. I follow you up from a broad man for my mobile over here. So I can actually respond to your pulse. I do have a question for you. These aren't have like an email site where I can send you some crap on for the while. No. No. Okay. No. You can email for George. George and you know what is it? George and you know what I'm going to do is I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I'll delete it without reading it like I don't know. George. I'm not going to be speaking of email. I don't email me this stuff anymore because my email outfit is blocked. Okay. I'll just send it to the internet. Don't. That's right. Do it the other way. Yeah. Don't be sending me no stuff on my computer. I don't want to. I don't want to. You're not. I got it because probably the RCMP and the got to know what else. Probably be a whole bunch of subversive lunatics running around here. Oh my god. He's got all kind of air right. I got news for a man. This studio is clean and pristine for the old queen. WDQIM hello. Yes sir. Welcome. Yes. How are you able to be physically recognized after being blown up with two 500 pound bombs? It was like an accident. And then he looks pretty good for a guy that just got blown up. But this is a good point. I think they better check him for freezer burn. Okay. That's a good point. And that's a good point. That's a good point. He looks remarkably well preserved, doesn't he? Yes he does. He almost gets a feeling that they had that body lean around for a while. Just for the opportune moment. You're in like two. Oh, here he is. It's irrelevant. It's not irrelevant. The media is on time. This is looking at that tone. No man. Oh yeah. He's too thankful. That would be better. But above everything. Oh yeah. I think you're dancing except for the fact that not they're going to manipulate the media. And then I'm a crass door or the scream or peel or banana. They're just, oh, what do we do now? What do we do now? I still think we would have been kind of a hootsie-sees-steven harbour without that good head on our shoulders. He could have been like the Ickabod train of Canada. WQAM hello. And back at you. WQAM hello. WQH always been 40 and 10 and 10 and 10 and 10 and 10 and 10 and 10 and 10 and 10 and 10. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You're one. I'll make an exception for you. We're not talking about that today. WHO. I in your case. I say WHAT. Okay. What? I know what else he works on. What? 567516. What? Just relax. Okay. We don't know. It was a rhetorical question. Just a harsh right along. Okay. Don't even go there. I don't want to go there. Go ahead. I don't want to go there. I don't want to go there. No, no. 567560. Palm 560. We want some new and different people. We want some women man. We want some lady cars. And that's a bitch that called the other day. What's that what she battling about? Remember that one? No. That's the only lady call we've had in about six months. I forget what she was on. Not job. Don't remember her? No. Crazy. Then a bed bug. How much did Josh remember? She's a narrowed down. Oh yeah. Her. She was bad. 7-year-old. Hello. Yes. I'm doing great. How are you doing? I'm doing fine. And listen. I just wanted to talk to thank you for the President of the show. Like the month ago about the, you know, I'm a history channel. Yeah. I got the chair. I got the chair. I got the chair. I got the chair. On A and E. Yeah. I'm an A and E. I'm an A and E. I was in demons, right? Right. That was the next two. Thank you. Okay. You're welcome. Well, there's a guy that actually wants to. That's the first call I've had about that thing. Where somebody actually wants it. Well, we don't have the impact that we used to have that. I have a lower audience. That before Joe Bell came along and turned us into a Chinese's laundry. It's just, you know, I think I've got to make me a midyear resolution. Just to stop you and forget about thinking about it. Because if I think about it then I talk about it. Right. So there's no point in saying don't talk about it. Because as long as you're thinking about it, then you are going to talk about it. Maybe, uh, hypnotherapy or acumen. That's what I need to be. The program because I'm just a like gas that it's the eighth of June. And there's still a fumbling and bumbling. I mean, you know, if we're running back fumbles to all this many times, they're going to get like farmed out man. They're going to get like shipped out to a Siberia somewhere or to Ethiopia. Well, you could always consider it this way. Yeah, whatever they do is going to suck anyway. But they're not to, look, I wouldn't mind if they did something in its suck, but they're not doing anything. What are they doing? Something all right. They're doing something. They're they're killing it. They're butchering it. If you hear any squealing noises, it's like a calf being butchered without any, you know, that's what's happening to us here at QAM. Please assist us. Please throw us an anchor throw us a, uh, like rat. Oh, wrong, wrong, squeal. Sorry. What is this thing? Uh, you know, I'm so tired of this crap. You know, there's nothing. Crackberries, my ass. Oh, but. Oh, and that's a lot of the least low-head dingoberries. I got a lot of cracks there. Yeah. I got instead of, you know, instead of Martians in my face, and I got crackberries. Different like marble, greeners. Blackberry addicts have a crack at freedom when they check it once you've got a hotel manager will put the community devices and others like them under lock and key for guests to want to break. Oh, give me a break. Oh, Ricky Wayne, you know, General Manager of the Sheraton Chicago hotel said the program began on Wednesday. Good. I was own personal blackberry addiction. His one step recovery was switching to a regular cell phone. I was really addicted to my blackberry. I have session with email. He told Royce morning and night. They're okay with time. But I didn't think it was healthy. I quit cold turkey. Well, what's wrong with email? I understand that. It's just an etiquette convenience. You don't have to go home or wherever you're all right. He's he is. You know, I have, and you don't have to pay any attention to it. Let's see what it's like. Exactly. Many, many times it has turned off for a few hours. And then when I turn it back on, it's like vibrates and buzzes and pups and it catches up with whatever was on. And that's fine. Yeah. I want to hold up with over 900 employees and thousands of guests. I think I'm more effective. I feel better. I sleep better. My family likes to be said it as post blackberry life. The popular handheld devices called crack berries because users become so rely on them. I made a Canadian based research in motion. It puts the motion in your packet. I can't say packet. No, not no mole. It's especially not that the house passed a thing yesterday and the bush is going to sign in the law. The new indecency bill. They're going to try and get 80 trillion dollars. You're going to have to get the polar the mayor. Man, he is a son of a printable whole bunch of money. It's time to forget about those 10s and 20s. We need $1000 bills. Okay, son. A lot of them. Got to print up a lot of money bills to pay all the FCC fines that are coming out of everybody for being naughty. And I think that's the fact that they got Tony Snow on CNN right now. They ought to be fine for that. Damn it. Oh, we're fine. I mean, darn it. 1056 and 560, W2M, you're used to be great station. Remember that there to be great with Ben Turner with the hairlip and I keep throwing that out. You still have no idea who that was. Who? I can't believe that. He had a hairlip. I know a lot of people would be great. We go to my friends. I had a hairlip. Still doesn't sure. And you probably make fun of him. I did to his face. Well good. That's right. That's right. And during jokes. Yeah. He was a selfie like making fun of blind Mike. 620 votes on a pool. And I want to think in. We're at the end of the first hour. What's your initial take on on the pole? We're going to get to our 1000 or not. I want to. What a very doubtful. What do you think, Josh? Sure. I think we have. We got to get to 800 by noon. Can we do it? Yes. If you think you might have termites in your home, why don't you know that article in the Herald Irstendons for most in termites, Mike. That listings are bigger than bowling balls. Call our friends at Riddet Pest Control today for a feature of my inspection before those critters chew up your whole house and cause just Zidian's dollars and damage. Riddet Pest Control uses that amazing orange roll treatment that kills termites and termites on a present on contact. They're gone faster than even said Todd Greck has a shrimpy idiot. He's a shit. What is it? What? See him. Oh, if you have termites, it's the best possible way to get it eliminated. And say I started to say that S18 is I was in a six. Of course he's that too. You don't have to tense your house when you call Riddet because, oh man, that thing is so embarrassing and humiliating and degrading. Everybody's running around the neighborhood, pointing your house going. I'm clean. I'm clean. I'm clean when you have that 10th. No worrying about poisonous gas, no moving out or staying in hotels, no worrying about food you're pets in your health, poor tiny. They feature home with this amazing orange roll. You don't have to leave it all. In fact, when they're done treating your property, the orange thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. It's true. If you have a termite problem or thinking might have one starting, right now is the time to be caught in Riddet Pest Control and find out about this amazing, undriplicable, orange roll treatment that kills termites and the rags 100% on contact. This is the way to do it. No turning. No games. No kidding. Call right now for a free, no obligation inspection. Now come in to check it out for you and see if you've got a problem. 1-800-447-444-743-48. That's 1-800-447-4348. Don't forget to magic trick when you call to really get great service. Tell them all Todd Rectoidy to call. They'll be over there in a heartbeat. 1-800-447-43-48. This is the real rager. What's all it is? It's 5-16-2-8. I'm a winnow jelly. 1-800-447-43-48. 1-800-447-43-48. 1-800-447-43-48. This is the real rager. It's the real rager. It's the real rager. It's the real rager. It's the real rager. It's the real rager. It's the real rager. It's the real rager. 10-800-447-400-43-45. It's English here, Oh God. This is the real one. Everyone, a they don't want this name on this one. What is it? Roku Ichiyama City. Wa, wa, wa, wa, wa, wa. This is the real rager. It's the real rager. It's the cannon which all peoples living in. I have seen this, what they're teaching us. This is the real rager. It's 1102. Over here at Tony Stoes got that yellow band around his wrist. What do they mean? No. Limp wrist. 637 votes on a poll so far. I don't know. I'm ready to do this man. We got to get to 800. That's the 80. I'm thinking it's 0. I thought I wanted to push it. I thought I wanted to be pretty good on it. But you are. No, I'm not. I don't know what time we want you're because I just made up my mind during that break. I said everything to myself. Dash dang it as buddy by Paxon would say. And you know, gosh dang it. I'm going to start doing the show the way I want to do it. I don't give a damn about clearance about normal can't about Joe Bell and ring a bell and bring a ding ding. All these other videos who are pretending or something about those business. You put the three of them together. They would know a radio if he shoved four dozen of them up their ass. I'm going to, you know, so how would that cross over thing? I don't like it. You know? It's a busy day. How's that? No, I'm just telling you right now it's not going to happen no more. I was missing here because whenever basically he's working for us and not for somebody else, that's what we do it. You know, when it's convenient, that's not programming. Programming is not, well, we'll do something when it's convenient for us. When we feel like it or when I don't have something better going on. Well, what kind of crap is that? It would be like my saying, oh, guess what? I won't be into Mara. I got something better to do. How do you think that? How do you think they would react to that? You think they would cotton the bat? They would say that. They would say something along the lines of, oh, my god. Or something? I don't know what to tell you. They sure told you wouldn't just think they would figure out because it was ass. Well, they might. They've already got that. Now, we're just going to start to do it. If I want to play a little music in here, whatever, I'm going to help you want to do. Man, it's the Neo Roger show. It's not the Joe Bell show. It's not the Clarence. There are all we show. It's not the normal Kancho. Thank God. I'm talking to 400 year old geeks on the light bulb. About their philosophy back. My God. And he's represented me. How do you ever hook me up with him? Good. Norma. Oh, I'm sorry about that. You know, it's the gateway. Nameless be it. And the weed. Red band. That must be it. The weed thing there. I knew that was a great way to somewhere along the line. The weed thing. That's right. We're smoking a weed. We've got a pipeline. The bonsai pipeline. Yeah. That's right. That water pipeline. Red banners with urgent tags appeared on many Arab TV stations today. As the regions made your stations broken, it would break it up programly around some of the biggest news in months. The death of terrorist abom was Sam Alzarkawi. They're known as Al. Islamic extremist websites were also quick to carry the news. And in their case, l'm meant it. And that guy made a very good point because they're showing the bombs that they keep showing us over and over again about who they dropped these big ones. They knew he was there. He looks at first in and he looks a little tired. But other than that, he looks no worse for where, you know, when you agree with that, I would. They don't even look like somebody hit him in the head with a rock. I mean, they're really listening to me. They drop those bonds on the buildings and you know how that happens. He got hit with a debris and he got hit with a debris. But it doesn't look like he even got like, fish, what's up a little bit? Well, maybe they about touched them up. Now they would want to do that. They wouldn't know. Look at that. There's the picture man. He didn't even look like he's got a zip. But I mean, there's like a bullet around his head. Like I got squashed. Get out of here. What, what are you looking at? I'm looking at it right now. Yeah, you're looking at it. But it's not that you mean, you mean looking at somebody's head all right. But I think it's yours. Islamic extremist websites were lamenting it. And a note posted on one website known as the clearinghouse for Al. Kata and Iraq statements shortly after the news of Alzarkawi's death broke on TV and said, We hope this news is not true. If she Alzarkawi has died, he will go to heaven, God willing. And there'll be 200 million Alzarkawi's after him, said nothing, no post it on the site. It may be that 200 million, but it's going to be a whole lot of it. Now they're really going to get all whipped up and filming it tomorrow. Somebody said a very wise philosopher said that three years ago when his whole craft started, they shouldn't poke that hornets and then it a bad mistake. Bad mistake. They're the great job they didn't have canister. Not. And now they're doing the same great job in Iraq. It's bloodshed and murder and insanity and lunat- 2500 Americans are dead. 18,000 more injured. Many of those without limbs and eyes and body parts that they might like to have helped on do in order for this to happen. Wow, we. Now don't you feel a lot safer? I sure do. Wasn't he a threat to us here in America? Let's take to go back to the mall now. Did you just get cut off? The dirt confused the media with that. No, don't confuse them with that point. Because Phoenix on a march. And missions accomplished. Here's another mission accomplished. I'm going to tell you right now, you can blame the bush people all you want. There is no question. There is not even the baitable point. The Americans media are the ones if you want to point to finger man. Take that big nasty finger. In fact, I don't even care what you got on it. And just point it right near direction. Because they are co-conspirators without them. This could never have all unfolded the way it has. This butcherie. And by the way, here's an article by Katherine Shrader on Capitol Hill, Blue, you're very favorite website. I don't want to read the whole thing. I don't want you to do newsy. But she says the death of al-Qaeda, or in Iraq's leader Abu Musaab al-Zerkawi, allowed US counterterrorism officials and initial cyber, really for what they held as a significant development. But they quickly cautioned against expecting it to enter operations, their violence in Iraq. US General George Casey, the top US Commander and the electoral reporters were the development that the development would not end the insurgency and an official in Washington to request an anonymity, said it should not cause anyone to have unrealistic expectations. As the day we're on a news of the US military's most dramatic victory in Iraq, and we some months dominated casual conversations in the NATO building, the Fed Secretary of Rumsfield stayed publicly in mum and out of reach of the media. The impact of al-Zerkawi's death is nonetheless symbolic. US hasn't seen the unaligned, such an iconic figure since former President Sada Hussain was found on a ground bunker in late 2003 alleged. Remember they said that that serve was also fabricated? Right. Al-Zerkawi was considered well, we know this, but I beat the government. You ain't seen nothing yet. He deal with crazy people who are living in the Stone Age, who have a little or no respect for human life, especially ours, by the way. If you get a crazy people, Pat Robertson claims to howlith linebackers feel the burn. It burns, he said. Evangelist conceives he cheated when leg pressing a ton. He cheated a little bit. Religious Brian's got a picture of him here. It's just hysterical. It's like the picture of Mazi tongue, you know, swimming across the Yangtze River, Moe. Yeah, it's just two facts about that already today. But what? The Pat Robertson story you're reading right now. I'm on top of it here. Just like Norma Kent, sending me that stupid idiotic email yesterday about the indecency Bova. I can't handle it. I'm just so sick and tired of all these rest words out there. They're helping. They're helping. They're not helping. He's helping me too. He's like stepping out of my patio and jumping from several floors up. That's about what he's got me on a verge of doing. You know, we're getting ready. My vacation is in my after next week and then we have to some of schedule going, you know, just like you said, why do you want to like stick that thing in the Lucas cage? Right. Right. Hornets nest. Why do it? Just leave bad enough alone normal. Okay, just stop confabbing and you don't speak for me. He has got any idea what those going on. What the issues are. I'm sure he'll make something. That program, well, just like you keep making up stories about how they keep just combating our studio and they have these volumes on. Well, you know, I'm a trouble maker. It's a trouble maker. It's a trouble maker when you're a liar. This has been going on for the seven and a half years. We've been in F studio. They're on the third floor and they've been doing it every single time. The children they got right on in there. When you wait here with support tape and with your own. I know I seen it a million times and every time you go in on the stress and I'm Monday morning after they've dittled around with it. And they're in there and all the settings are unsaid and we can't get to thing on here. It takes us 15 minutes or 20 minutes or half an hour just to get back to being able to like communicate again. Oh, no, George just makes those things up. He just trouble maker. Yeah, I think we want to get a hitman for clearance. I think with a big raise you got no normal traction. Get a hitman for that. Don't go. He said my hair over here. You don't know what. Turned on two legs, man. In fact, he and I heard that he couldn't. Robert told me that he had that hot day, you know, he couldn't get to third base. Much less. He didn't even get the first place. Well, let's just broadcast your Pat Robertson says it's the God's honest truth. Of course he's talking about. He did indeed once like press a ton. When he was almost 73 and had prostate cancer and still regular lifts up to 1200 pounds with his legs. The only pounds he's lifting are pounds of manure. Okay. Hey, there's another picture of Feshur. Oh, and now there's a little bit of blood. That looks like it was smeared on the side of his teeth. That looks about as funny as a $42 bill. But Pete. Yeah, I'm worried that that come from all of a sudden. Wasn't on the other picture. That. That. The acknowledged that the way he like presses would not be legal in a body building competition. When I see Pat Robertson, it's what I always think of body builder. What do you think of her? Great athlete, just like Jack Lillane. Oh, yeah. Jack Lillane, by the way, he's got the juicer. He just turned 91. You know, look at day over 150. And you know, he is wife. Have you ever seen that in a commercial? No. You never saw that for the Jack Lillane juicer? Sorry. And his wife is on there and that cross-eyed bitch is on. He's just nauseating with the much, much, much looks to cut. And he's like feeble. He's standing there and he's spanned that sound for it. And like mommy. Mommy. Yeah. And he's drinking the glass. It's used. He like puts it to his lips and starts shaking so much. Mommy's been to put the glass down. He just turned 148 Jack Lillane. He's a miracle over modern science. The 700 Club host speed is recounted on the website of his Christian Broadcast in Network and Virginia Beach. But sports experts question the assertion recently, with one noting that the light press record for football players in FSU is 665 pounds less. A spokeswoman recently released a photo. She sent her rabbits in light pressing 2,000 pounds on February 1st 2003. Robertson at surgery to move a cancerous prostate gland later that month and turn 73 that March. I wonder why the Lord spoke him. He's a man of God. I did it one time long rep but I had built up for it for about three years. Robertson insisted on what's in tell-hunter if you were to A&P. The first time he spoke with a reporter since they like press bruhaha. Robertson said his doctor referred to him to like press weights to strengthen his bad knees. Well if he's a man at the law, why do you just ask God that he was these? Are you going to see you or the same thing? Well what's his name? Benina Hanna. He said he did the 2000 pound lift on an inclined leg press with a machine's break on which means he didn't have to lift the weight the whole way. When the professionals do it, they take the break off, let the weight come all the way down. If you don't have a lot of help, you've got a Volkswagen sitting on your hips. I didn't do that. I said to him, no matter if he's not job, all these ladies are sitting on their money. You know, all they did husband's money. Yeah, all the other ladies can push that much weight. Right. Good. Jolly Miss Molly. Now he wouldn't lie to us, understand that. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if we send him to out of it as well. I don't knock off Hugo Chavez. He'd even man. In fact, when you like to see him kickboxing with Hugo Chavez when they'd be I don't want to put money on you. I think he didn't pat my read of my comeback to make that movie. Look how many votes we've got on the pole right now. Oh my God. That's what we're going to do. Six, six, six. Rrrr. Rrrr. Holy, Molly. Maybe of a day late. They're late, they're never. Which of these issues do you care about most? Obviously none of them too much. The economy won 72. The war in Iraq won 71. Which now I think is basically over. Now that we got out, the gal. Education 83. Legalizing pot 70. As if it's some debatable issue, right? Oh, it's bad for you, right? Let me ask you something. What's worse for you? It's a broken pot or reading a refined sugar? Well, there's no separating or you know. I'm just telling you right now. We're those worse. He's the one behind me to go to the toe nuts. I think the sugar people all belong in jail. That's right. All the people who manufacture ice cream and candy. They all be in prison and let's make it illegal to be fat. You know, because it turned healthy. And it'll kill you. Read them at speed 66. Illegal immigration 64. I hate this pull 24. Game marriage only 10, 1.4%. A portion of mice will meet five because we got no women. And flagboarding five. At a 673. We better get over that 800 mark by the, by noon. Just just to be on a safe side. I think we got to make. I think we get a little bit nervous prematurely. 14 passed to let the no forget. We got guilty. So the NBA finals in Dallas, baby. You're Miami heat and the Dallas Mavericks. Oh, my goodness. The tension is so thick. You could cut it with your toenail. You cut it with your digit. If you have a business, need to get cut. There's a way from the competition. And here's the perfect business partner for you. Pubset printing and design. Pubset can design and print everything in your arsenal. Just look at the display booth. It made about me. It's a picture of it on our website at the bottom of the page. You will laugh your ass off or see even more of their phenomenal work at PubsetSF.com. Pubset can print everything from your business car to banners, posters. And they're specialty. Trade show booths and displays. Pubset design is pretty much very best for over 14 years. And Pubset can handle it all in house for you. Call 9.54. 7.7272725. That's 9.5 full 7.727275 or better yet. See for yourself on their website. The great stuff they do, a Pubset SF.com. Look, you're besting at those new customers. It's your business. And it's Pubset's business to make you look great and get you a lot more customers. Call 9.54. 7.722725. Go to their website. Pubset SF.com. And be sure to look for my gross nasty picture on their building on Dixie Highway. Just know it's a commercial bull. That's enough. It's really as gruesome. Choose the very best Pubset printing and design. Call 9.54. 7.7275. Come at the old Neil's, or did it call? This is Neil Rogers. Super. This is 5.62A. And whatever the heck it is. And the people I call in, they just like them like that they run their year. What a court the weed and they're high in there. Finding it's a terrible. The years that I've been looking at listening to 610. And I'm not here. How about this year? That day? I found shot guns and I fell. Tell me why. Can I play when I'm a little high? And a goal line situation. I float over the line. Take the pitch. Run it straight. Jump to line. And score an end. Make it a six point. And I smoke two joins. Focus on John. Oh, right. If you do it. So as a fantasy, I've heard of paints. I'm on the team for me. Well, I should've been born Jamaican. I smoke enough for three. Hey, they're rough. Hold my roach. Think they call my number. How come no one's chasing? Which way am I facing? So get it John. What? John. John. So get it John. John. John. John. John. Who's the third boy? Poor Ricky man. Poor Mr. Mr. Ricky. Since we've got a haircut, don't clean up his neck. He's still the same. 21 past 11 at five, 60s. This is the fastest from somebody at the everlasting covenant church. You know what I'm saying? Uh huh. What's that mean? It says there was a general on CNN this morning. We said they cleaned up Alzarkara. And look at the way this is spelled. Alzarkara Coway. Before they photographed him, this is the emissances. The emissed from somebody at the everlasting covenant church. I think he got an infiltrator over it to church. I didn't like that. The next thing is going to be peddling crep loss over there. Yeah, I got a blow by those. He's going to be peddling crep loss as one times. 690 feet of hosts on our pool. We got a thing we'll make. No problem. I don't know what all the pressure is. You get so panicky. God. 560 pound 560 in the Verizon. Sing it a while. Son, I've got a huge pile. Just a gigantic pile. Don't know what that's sounding guy that's threatened to blow up a Delta Airlines because he was upset. He was denied a job as interpreter for US military and Iraq. See that guy? No. Opponents of a Washington state new case of a rights law failed to submit enough voter signatures this week to force to stay wide-bought on the issue this fall. The anti-gave biggest failed in Washington state. Officer at Fort Lewis calls the Iraq War illegal and refuses the order to go he will not go. That all kinds are really good stuff here in his pile. Too bad I'm not going to waste my time reading it. You're going to story about how bad do you have to go. At some schools it's bathroom breaks versus grades. You only can only go when they tell you it's time to go. Now when nature tells you it's time to go. So just drop whatever it is in your pants. 1, 2, and 3. Right? Right. It's a way to do it. 5, 6, 7. This is my last call for calls that I'm going to my music. That'll be part of my new strategy on the show. Because I think that reading all these stupid bedtime stories is killing the show between that and that stupid crossover. When we first came to this radio station, I'm watching this stuff a thing about this. And here it is eight and a half years later and it isn't any different than it was then. All they had on the air was sports. That's all it was. They didn't have the funniest idea of what we do on the show. They also resented and hated it like poised. That's right. And for the first time you finally unloaded the me yesterday, the real truth about before even when it started on the air. What you do all you do all about that? What just about? I'm old. All the bus in the building. What a Africa. Because I chose how to unload it back then. Yeah. All they talked about. Oh my god, he doesn't do sports at all. We don't need him on the station. My boy's going to kill us and we got all a great Chris Moron here and the book. Yeah, yeah. We got all those money. See, one thing about us man, if we like bail body here right now, at least then they could have ones in two's all day long. Really be consistent. That's the one thing we're in greeting, lacking on this radio station now is consistency. They could have one in two years all day long. Like they did before. Right. That's right. Before we invaded their territory. So they haven't got our freaking clue what is we do on the show. And the idea that they're like, make out, oh well, they just make up stories. Yeah. Oh, okay. We don't have any problem between 10 and 10. And what is that what I always said? Mm-hmm. Just like an IOD, the same philosophy man. Mess with success. If it ain't broken, fix it. If it ain't broken, mess with it. Just like Greg Reed did there. Broke the egg. What I tell you about that humpy dumpy syndrome. Break the egg. He picked it up and dropped in the smash into a minute in little pieces. And now, oh gee, what do we do? Oh, yeah. I don't know. Don't ask me. That was really something when our fearless leader says to me, well, we have a plan. But what would you do? I think Harry, Kerry might have the answer. I'm not talking about the baseball announcer he's did. I'm talking about the Japanese. I'm talking about committing sausages. I'm not taking that machete in slice and a few heads. I couldn't hurt. I think that's a good idea. Let's send those terrorists from here all down there to kick some ass. Mm-hmm. Take care of some people who really deserve being beheaded. A federal judge in Oregon ruled Wednesday that the Vatican can be sued and connection with the sexual misconduct of a survived priest who is accused of abusing children in Ireland, Chicago and Portland, Oregon. He's sure spread it around man. The suit accuses the Vatican of conspiring with Roman Catholic vision for any survived religious order more than 50 years ago to transfer a river and ruin the St. Philip High School in Chicago after he molested a minor in Irish parish. Terresta thought. The priest abused two other miners in the early 19th century. You know, now I realize why all of the celebrities that have tons of money they either buy their own Ireland like Marlon Brando did in the South Pacific, or they go to Hawaii. You know, because it's paradise. And he just get away from all this crap. You know, get away from all the idiots and a crap. It's just pathetic. All these religions, all these Getskis. The priest abused three other miners in the early 60s at the now closed west side high school according to the lawsuit. He was then transferred to a church in Portland, yet they just shift them around man. That's the Catholic Church F.N. way, where he allegedly abused the plaintiff as a teenager. Ronin has since died. The US District Judge Michael Mosman ruled that because the Holy See had all the authority over bishops and religious affairs, it did not qualify for foreign government immunity and could be named as an offended. Oh, good. Good. I'd sue their ass man. So the rest for billions got only known as how much money they're hanging out. And probably all the Vatican banking scandal, a post out produced for that wardrobe, although he's going to have a lot of cash for those snappy red shoes that lovely dressed anywhere. The Nazi Pope. Right. And of course his predecessor, man, was here a fashion plate. Oh, slob on the slab. Seven hundred. Well, that was all by the way, today the facts did say they cleaned them up a little bit. Zarkawi. But you know something just barging off a little blood from the side of his cheek. There. They look like he had a little bit too much rouge on or something. Here's a fact that says every time I heard the name, Al Zarkawi, I was immediately picture the goofy Indians in F trooper. Can either of you remember the name of the Indian I never watched F trooper? Did you watch that? No, I did. Yeah. Well, as you we can Google it right now during the break and we'll have it for you. Or just wait for it. I'll be able to Brian to hear the question and type it in the little box. Can either of you remember the name of the Indian or Indians with a similar name? Please help in F trooper. And I'm sure that chicken aqua, F.A. That's 27 times 11 at 5.60. WQM I've been telling you for many, many years now to call 1-800-MAMFIRST. Whatever you need to bed when the old mafres is embarrassingly worn out and lumpy and saggy and surreal and schmutzy and smells like crazy. They can deliver the mafres within a two hour one to the two pick. They have knowledgeable bedding consultants and lots more. It's an unbeatable deal all the way around. The best easiest piece of shopping that anybody could do. And if you thought that down 100 mafres on the phone was easy, check them out on the wicked worldwide web at mattress.com. Shop on the web anytime the mood strikes you day or night with product details, prices and photos. You can check out online too or you can call to face your order and schedule your delivery. If factory direct prices lowered and is so called big sales that those chain stores plus, problem on financing is available for you too. Now the mafres is not very complete line of all the top names in the business. I mean, their deal is unbeatable all the way around. Delivery, price and selection, silly, certain king coil, Simmons, temperal pedic and Stearns, and bananas cluster. When you call 1-800 mafres, you'll get a little prices on the best brands and dial mafres continues to be ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction. I've been using them for years and this is the only smart way to get you a new mattress. Call them toll free 1-800 mafres. That's 1-800-MATTRES. Leave off the length and it's because it stands for Stupendus and savings. This is Neil Roger. This is 516KA. This is the Neil Roger cell. Totototototoy. This is your brain. What? Any questions? This is the present in the line. How do you know? I can't feel the pain in my heart. I can't feel the pain in my heart. That's the game, isn't it? Yes. She's been in our mind and I don't know if I can go. Yes. Who's the man who hired her now? Who's the man who hired her now? Who hired her now? Who hired me by the world so yes? Yes. She's been in our mind and I don't think we're fair in the shoulders. What? Why did you ask me to send out my men to the world? That's the game, isn't it? Where did you find me? I'm just there to be side there alone, won't you? Where did you find me? You turned. That's the game, isn't it? You turned. You checked out. I'm just there to be with you. You are the man who hired her now. You're the man who hired her now. You're the man who hired her now. Where did you find me? Where did you find me? Where did you find me? Where did you find me? Where did you find me? Where did you find me? Where did I find you? Where did you find me? Where did you find me? Where did you find me? Where did you find me? Where did you find me? Where did you find me? Where did you find me? Where did you find me? Where did you find me? Where did you find me? Where did you find me? Where did you find me? Where did you find me? Where did you find me? Where did you find me? George Bush doesn't feel like about Black people. No. This war over time was over. How about pretty seven try, uh, pretty much as page welcome to the website that a kid, there's stars of TV series F-Troup and there are no names even remotely like Alzarkawi or Alzoolstein or Al Schwarze. Or Alzoolstein or Al Schwarze. Look a brand wrote the whole cast out in the little way. I've got to write it down there because I got to write here. I do have a computer. Captain Wilson Parmanter played by Ken Berry. Uh, Ray Verjane and Jelico Thrift played by, uh, Melody Patterson. Corporal Randolph A. Garne, Larry Storch, and it's got a bunch of other people. Crazy cat. That was one of the Indians. Don Diamond. Kissing Squaw, Merlin Tucker. True pop and mower played by John Mitch and he's dead. A lot of these people are dead. A sergeant Morgan O'Rourke played by force Tucker. He's also dead. Medicine man roaring chicken played by Edward Everdorton. Edward Everdorton was like, uh, uh, he was in, uh, fracture fairy tales. That's right. True predominantly played by Bob Steele who's also dead. And while Chief Wilde, he goes to fight by Frank DeCoba who's also date. A lot of date people from F-Troup. Anyway, those are the names of the characters. And we know they like Alzarkawi. So ever said this facts, get you some help immediately if not sooner. Okay? You clowning silly person you are. You're foward. Three Roman Catholic priests. His more of this propaganda you keep sending me. Right? Nothing worse than a fallen Catholic man. Lord is going to smite you and smoke you and he's going to like to attack both of your knees and you won't be able to press more than four ounces. He just smite. Three Roman Catholic priests accused of sexually abusing minors of impermanently barred for working as priest the archdiocese of Detroit says. Anthony Coty. 57. Formerly of all Saints parish and Memphis. Edmund Boryez. Boryboryez. 65. Formerly of Saint Michael Perci and Lavolnia. Oh, Lavolnia makes you can man. Former home of the RC will bring harness raceway. And home of Skipper's table. Buffet. And Michael Malawi. 51 of Saint Joseph Perci and maybe. Alastair Alain Fiapeos to the Vatican. The Archdiocese said Monday. Connie's no longer a priest Rob Boryez and Malawi. Officially remain cursed for camp participate in the ministry. And the Archdiocese represents themselves publicly as priest of Detroit News says. In other words, they can't wear that collar. You know, that little white tab and your collar stop them. It's frustrating for everyone that these cases have taken so long say court of appeals judge Michael Talbot who has an archdiocese board that oversees the protection of children. Oh, yeah. And archdiocese board that oversees the protection of children. Right. Oh, my God. It's been frustrating for those who've been. I'm under Michael Jackson serves on that board. It's been frustrating for those who've been accused because they wanted to know the answers. It's been especially frustrating for victims of abuse. He told that he tried to free press. The three men had to defend themselves for years against the charges, which all involved allegations of sexual misconduct that I say against the charges. The newspaper said they couldn't reach them for common. Thus far 18 cases have been completed by the Vatican since 2004 with only one priest being returned to the ministry. The Archdiocese awaits word on the six other cases. Oh, there are other cases. All these silly men running around and dressed as just waiting them. And all you people keep running a schlephane air. We can put in the money and a plate and you're rubbing your rosary beads and you're doing a hell, Mary's. I think everybody ought to go see the old man. Even even they go see the new one. And he goes, it's a really good reminder of all the, all the trappings, the trappings and the trappings of the, this ridiculous corrupting. But they like that stuff. What are you talking about? That's what I'm saying. Man, a more than a barrier. In fact, the old king Cole was a marial soul. But I heard only at least he didn't wear a dress though. Like the Pope and the bishops. And of course the swish guard. That's another story altogether. What do you think the swish guard are doing most of the time? Swish? No, the Pope. Oh, 745 votes on the poll so far. I think we've got a shot at it. We'll get over 800 by the top of the article. He's on in. Well, we're close to 800. Which of these issues do you care about most? The war in Iraq, 1951. The economy, 187. Education, 95. Freedom of speech, 81. Legalizing pot, 75. Legal immigration 66. I got another one for you in a minute. I hit this full 26. Game marriage 11 only, 1.4%. That's about to say this all the other polls. A little over 1%. Maybe a little less. A abortion rights seven and flag burning six. Oh, my God. And even Hillary, who's busy not going to end clothing ripping her ass. I'm going to Hillary, but you're an idiot. Even she's on the bad way. Oh, let's have an amendment to if I loved spring to flag. You know something, if I go into a store, we've been through this a million times before. If I had by a teacher at Keymark. And I want to take it home and burn it in a waste basket. That's my business. Okay, it's hard to drive. You are the barbeque or whatever. Yeah. If I want to take an American flag and stick it on a barbeque or round those T-bone stakes. That's my business. It's my property. I've got to put it in high one with it. That's right. It is so inversingly juvenile and idiotic and pathetic. It's just like the marijuana laws. It's the same thing. America is a society that refuses to grow up. It's just absolutely a lot of grow up. And of course, we're trying to respond to that same kind of juvenile. Just like the thing warning the Germans about prostitution and a Germany during the World Cup. Mind your own business. Okay. Just like always, we're more than the Dutch about their drug laws. Mind your own stinking business. Trying not just to export but to impose your values on the rest of the world. They wonder why the world hates America like poison. You're getting pretty sick and tired of this. Dipped to total view. Let's go on. I have one more for the full. I'm serious. All right. The survival of QAM. Don't you think many of our listeners are very concerned about that? Yeah. I think we're going to get right now. And we need to suggest that that's a hell of a lot of a much greater priority than a fact merges. This is a real Roger. To fail. This is five, sixteen, two, three, six. Drudge back and. Huh? Huh? We're in the morning. We're in the moment. Thousand full of labels. Trying across the line. Just to do the product. Who won't take no breath. Trigger of things, isn't she? Just got back from the rest. Down on the border. Near the real brand. Which in the god's man. A way. Trying to be clouded in the same. They won't eat body. Other. They can even get a pan. Won't see no car farmers. Just picking out little bands. There's no one named, no heaven. But a lot of them named, one. And they don't want a kill. Just want to love your long. Down on the border. All the US. Push in the god's man to try to keep the Mexicans away. Down on the border. I think I just came up with a perfect solution for the final solution. But the perfect solution for this all Middle Eastern problem. And all those companies over there and all the Jews and the Arabs and the Guaymen. Everybody hates each other. I think we're just going to have to nuke them. Okay. Flatten them. The fight over. Right. That's correct. So there's always some collateral damages they call it. But it's one of those things. The price you have to pay for freedom man. Freedom's on a march. And so I'm thinking that all of those Middle Eastern countries just flatten the man. Just eviscerate them. And leave us alone. That's how we want this. Leave us to have all all all of these. Leave us out of all your battles man. Over all your nonsense. And your mumbo jumbo and your seafood gumbo and all of a sudden crap. And that's how we want this. And that's how we want this. And that's how we want this. And that's how we want this. We want this. Leave us out of all your battles man. Over all your nonsense. And you're mumbled jumbo and your seafood gumbo. And all of a sudden crap. Just leave people be man. They can't do it. They can't do it. Because they're crazy people. And like I told you for a very long time. The religious people are all. It's just a matter of degree. And of course, so many of you would say, oh, I'm not me. I'm a, yeah, you are. If you're one of the God squad, I'm a matter of what year. What year particular brand of poison is. It's still poison. That's right. It's still a grotesque. And it's still real. It's really ridiculous. It's man made nonsense. Some of it religious and spiritual. The O.S. I remember I was talking about that. Now, what does that mean? Does anybody have any idea? No, it's just another stupid word that people want to do. They are just a little too old. Right. I'm in touch with the outer space. I'm in touch with your rain is. Yeah. Well, with touching it. A major wrestling match in Congress over control of the internet features and strange tag teams, rockers and evangelicals versus phone companies and the bills usually biggest adversary, cable TV companies, rockers and evangelists. I think it's that Christian rock. Right. I mean, I saw him by Simon Garfunkel. I am a rocker. He's leading now. Pizza from Antonio. You know it. Thanks a lot Brad. I may not be there, but I can smell it from here. He's going to be sorry. Good. Good hot. Mm. Josh has a slice on each hand. How about pizza? Yeah, that's too. Do it. Do it. The most far reaching talk of communications bill on the decade has its main purpose making it easier for phone companies to compete against cable companies, not from the equivalent of cable TV. And streamline the approval process for both that promised to consumers as lower prices and more choices. But the biggest controversy is a different issue. So called net neutrality. The idea is that all websites should get the same treatment from cable and phone companies for use of their broadband, high-speed internet lines. The rockers and evangelists joined by Microsoft Google and Yahoo, hear that telephone and cable companies who control the internet highway, will put their own products in the fast lanes, and relegate those and willing to pay premium fees to poor quality and solar service. We want to be in the fast lane. Go to. Oh yeah. Like a Superman, he wanted to be in the lowest lane. In their corner, are the Christian coalition, all my goodness, national religious broad cashiers and gun owners of America. As well as move on.org and recording artists REM, the Inigo Girls, and Moby, all my guy. You're fairie. If Congress cuts absolutely mad at Moby and Gay. If Congress cuts net neutrality, independent music and new sites have be choked off, consumer choice of be limited and the internet will become a private tow road auction off by companies like AT&T, Moby said, and a statement of the reason capital hill event. Both the House and Senate bill sponsored by the Chairman of their two commerce committees, respectively represented Joe Bartner public and Texas and Senator the Uxist's Stevens of Public of Alaska, address net neutrality, but in language that critics say is too weak to prevent discrimination. Simply put, net neutrality legislation endangered both the future of video choice and the accelerated broadband investment that just beginning to gain traction for rising executive vice president Tom Tauki test event at a recent Senate hearing. So here once again, you know, we're just going to hand it over as a monopoly to a few folks here. We're going to like you. We're going to do the road thing. Yeah, we always do the wrong thing. Now, here's somebody's doing the right thing. One thing about this show, man, we love Wendy's always have always well. Right. I might just go to Wendy's today and bring home a couple of, uh, those onion bacon, whatever those things are. Would I, cheese, you know, you know, tell me what this weekend. Huh? That's some of this week. Bring him home and heat him up in the microwave, new come a little bit. Now, of course, we're going to grab that kind of bread and of course, who the whole needs a bread. When you got 16 patties and I could stuff with all kinds of cheese driven down onions and oh, man. Wendy's international said today it's going to begin frying french fries and breaded chicken items with non-hydrogenated oil, continuing a shift to offer healthier menu choices. The country's third largest burger chain said the blend of corn and soy oil has, you know, one of the great cause of all time one of the most stupid people I ever heard my life was that I'm one day that I think that you called about the olive oil and all the carbohydrates. Right. Right. Either we seem to be trying to be a smart ass, which is probable because nobody can be that stupid. Or you just a moron or you'd be surprised. Just an idiot. Oh, you're all in the, don't use the olive oil, man. Just loaded with carbs. Oh, why? The country's third largest burger chain said the blend of corn and soy oil has zero grams of artery clogging, trans fat for serving and will cut trans fat in those many items by 95% while I'm going twice. Wendy's will begin using the oil in the 63rd of restaurants in the US and Canada in August. I'll wait till August to go. Trans fat raises bad cholesterol and lowers good cholesterol eating just five grams of trans fat a day raises the risk of heart disease by 25% researcher. I also saw a story, but I can't find it on the web. But Hispanics react much better to high, if the, Hispanic's with high blood pressure react much better to hypertension drugs than non-Hispanics. Okay. Today, good thing because some of you people get so emotional and hysterical, you know. Papa couple pills man come down. I'm talking on. I've got some oxies for it. Take away the pain and spain. The new oil will reduce trans fat to zero grams for when he's teaconsam, which is chicken nuggets and chicken strips. A large order of fries will go from seven grams to zero point five grams. That's kind of like our numbers from 70 0.5. While an order of fries and the kids menu will have zero. Oh, grams. The big old Wendy's based in the Columbus suburb of double Ohio. I never heard of double Ohio. You know. Said it's working to further reduce trans fats and fries that occurs when suppliers partially cooked the potatoes before shipping the rest of them. Go for the disease. You can't have that anyway. For double in over plus I don't want them. Fries and sandwiches cooked in the new oil taste and cost exactly the same as Trotter said. I wonder if he's can't air orchestra. Hey, Eric. You're fairly. Wendy's also entered train workers and how to use the new oil, which has a shorter shelf life than the old one. We don't want them using the old bad oil man. While you're at it, train them to actually cook the fries and serve them hot. Wendy's has been working on the new oil for two years and testing it for a year. And we're at 270 restaurants in Florida North Carolina, West Virginia and Ontario. McDonald's court pledge four years ago to switch to rural Iowa cut and half the level of trans fats and the top telling chains fries. However, chief executive Jim Skinner said in April that the Oak Brook Illinois base company was still testing the oil. I didn't know what they'd make the change. They said maybe who you know from now until next socus. Earlier this year, Wendy's cut all trans fat from salad dressings and last year the chain started offering Margarine with zero grams of fat for serving for baked potatoes. Margarine, that margarine's bad for you. It is. Oh, in 2000, don't skip the baked potato because the baked potato is the deadly nightchains man. The deadly nightchains. Whatever that means. Have a see that? Yes. The famous. In 2004, in fact, oh, potatoes have like a two in the. If you want to, you can tell. I'm open enough of chains called tubers for goobers. In 2004, began offering combo meal choices that a lot of customers to pick chili, a baked potato or a side salad instead of fries and offering milk and food for substitute and kids meals. Do not serve your kids milk. Okay. Unless you're a crazy person. There are no animals that drink the milk of other animals. Okay. Just it doesn't happen in nature. Just unnatural, unclean, unclean. My God. What are you people thinking about? This thing you'll be eating sugar. I'm off the sugar man today. And yesterday. And Tuesday. By third day off sugar. Aren't you proud? Very. I'm wearing it proudly. I'm actually. I'm my. I see. And you know why? Because it under tonight's game. Seven hundred eighty six goes. I told you we'd be closing on 800 by the noon hour. And I think we'll be okay. I'm not really sure about. I'm a little like a little. A little crappetation on this one. By the way, that is coming. I'm happy to break the entire uncensored crappetation come on. All right. This is. This is. Me. This is. This is. Five. Sixty. Where? It. It. Well. The. And then. Are here. All right. Here. Oh, there's no Darwin's in my rocket, VD. Oh, where are you, baby? You showed us that today. Oh, how this is the reason you win the game. Oh, where are you, baby? It's dirty, did you? Where you earned your balance of weights on the plane. You'll get that on it, and how's that a date? Oh, oh, hey, go on a date, that, Jan. Not that you can't call any lands. That's why you don't go out with me. You wait until snow, you can't complete. Where'd I make it snow on the streets? But I'll show you how it's so much easier. Maybe they washed off Alzarkawi's face a little, because they didn't want to like claim the Muslim street to much with some grotesque bloody pictures. Or maybe because they didn't want to remind the American public of the blood and guts involved in everything is going on. That's possible. Yeah, we should go and piss off the Muslims. Oh, that's why they're in front of us. We want to get him fundamental slunetics all with pep into a frenzy. That's why we are steered to harnessed. We've poked it. 800 and 3 votes in the appell. So far, I think we got their thousand and made a mistake. I don't count it before we hatched. Jason Grimsley, you know who that is, Josh? I've heard of that name. Jason Grimsley, who was cut by the Arizona Diamondbacks yesterday after admitting the steward used. Oh, yeah, yeah. Seize how many? You noticed the tone in his voice, you know, one or the one he's negative about this? What? What about that? Because this story is about his hero. He's only got one hero. What are you talking about? Your hero. What do you mean what I'd be talking about? Aaron Derby? Ron Jeremy about his hero. Jason Grimsley was cut by the Diamondbacks yesterday for admitting the steward used. He was only upon in federal agents attempt to gather evidence against Bernie Bonds. He obviously is a trained to hold the Arizona Republic newspaper. They're after Barry Zassman and votes a big target. According to Grimsley's lawyer Edward F. Novaq, the Fed's try to pressure Grimsley to wearing a listening device. To lure other players into confidential conversations. All in the effort to find evidence against Bonds of steward used. That's why they got a single poor barrier. Even I think that's a little bit over the top, you know? Good point? I'm so shocked you said that. It was a specific effort to target Bonds of I told the Republic. We were told that Jason's cooperation was necessary to their case. Come on, Lee poor barrier loan. Okay, just because he's a hard ass and got a crappy attitude. 13 federal agents searched to the home and Scott Taylor was on that as Jason Grimsley. For six hours to them, but they wouldn't reveal what they found. Investigators who cracked the balco's steward scandal in San Francisco said Grimsley initially cooperated in the probe. But with through his ass distance and April prompting the search on Tuesday, it's red on my bed. And Randy wasn't even sitting there. Look at that. It's still green. Let me try to refresh it because you know. Yeah, refresh it. You lazy baby. Oh, no, no, it's turned green again. I got you Mr. Red. I got two dropouts, but it's still green. No, it was red now. It's back to race. You missed all the good stuff and be clear. I believe when it turned back to green. But I was real quick. I think probably because I opened up a big mouth on that all of a sudden. Somebody went, oh, it better. Better on messed that, you know? We understand you try to sabotage the show, Joyce and Ferris. We know what's going on behind the scenes. You're not fooling anybody. In fact, you know what I think they're devious pines. I don't like your fat ass governor. They got devious pines. You know what I think their pines really are? I give up. And it worked really well too. I think what they want, like to do, especially before the summer schedules coming up here. They'd like to give me pissed off and I have to give me to take a walk. I really believe that now. Yeah. No, I was never that, you know, that conspiratorial minded before. I never give these people up quite it to be thinking that way. But that, that's gotta be it. It's gotta be that. Think about it. Because first of all, we don't do sports. I mean, especially at a time when everybody's talking about, we're just peeing on their parade, man. It's four hours that could be talking a lot about it. And then that too. Who the hell wants to hear about Abul Musab all of us are Cowey and about Anne Colter and Hillary Clinton and in D.C. bills in a Congress and a bunch of great calls that we got. Who are talking about that? By the way, I heard that, so what's his name? I mean, it's Landonite. Dwayne Wade. I heard it. To the great fine. Who? Ben Harper told me. Said Dwayne Wade ain't plan. Or shack. And Pat Ravi's got a her appointment. 815 votes on the pool. I think we get to 900 by the top of the hour. We got it made in the shade. And that should be pretty easy. We got 52 minutes. Oh yeah. I think we got this baby like that. Once we get to a thousand votes, I'm bailin' out. Because it looks pretty nice. Looks like sunny. You know, I'm not gonna be sad. I'm sad all day like yesterday. You're fighting to get my money back. I wish you'd stop telling me to play that damn dollar. We look fortunate. Mostly sunny and sunny degrees. What are these days? It'll pay on. It's gonna be 70, 70, and out of WABC, 70, 7. It hasn't received by the way with the worst hairpiece and even what's his name? They've been boring. Even the worst hairpiece. They're saying a lot. Now I wonder what he did with that. Ever. Remember that they Steve said where the engineer at ROD, we can make him find out that horrible Wiggy. He's just finally took it off his head and he did that. Me. I should have kept that as a souvenir to have. Should have kept that for mold for a spare or a thumb up cracker. In fact, we did find out that Mo had like he had designer ones. He had for different, you know, different moods he was in. That was how he was all done. That's in the mood. You're not making that up. No, I know that. He had like your Sunday go to meet in best way. He had his every way. He worked out in the yard. He had his fight wig. He scared the crap out of me. Oh, yeah. Woo. What a fight. And then of course when he started trying to find those Martians in his pain. Oh, no, no, no, no, no man. You know who his favorite congressman is? I give up. John Dingle for mission. Eight hundred nineteen on the pole. Keep banging on that thing. We've got to get to that thousand otherwise. You're going to have to do penance for it. Do not go see the old man go rent or buy the original. Oh, man with a Gregory Peck and Lee. Remix. Tony is not having seen the new one, but I've seen the previous. And I read about it and you just have to be a crazy person. And by the way, was it what was her name? The, um, the nanny. Oh, geez. The character. A lot of them. Well, it's very important. Man, the one in the original movie was fantastic. She was like about 80% of the movie. She was great. She had that evil looking her eyes. Look at, did you agree with the only yet? On my IMDB baby. Okay. Which of these issues do you care about the most? The war in Iraq to a economy 1999 education 107 freedom of speech 98. Remember that? Oh, yeah. That went out to window. Was it the first day of the lock in? Who? Midders play lock. That's the long story. They lock. Right. They rhymes with gay freedom of speech 98. Legalizing pot 81. Autob be as automatic as get out of bed in the morning. There should be no debate about it. No question about it. It's childish and stupid. It's the American effort away. Idiotic. Just another excuse to put a bunch of people in jail. It's all of this. And for the government to have a lot of come into your house. Just like they did in poor buses names house. The baseball player. What's his name? Very bunch. Jason Grimsley. Legal immigration 68. I hate this pool 30. How do you like that? About 30 man. Game marriage only 11.3%. A portion writes 9. That's because we have no ladies listening. We have some ladies, but they're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We're not women. We've seen this. It's not hunger. You're not like the UK. Let's live below. Here are some of the  men to fight and not take into consideration. With a better treatment, on tricky terms, on the record, on the Roundfictional Manning Partnership for Green you an email about that just to catch you up on what's going on. Okay. We're so out of touch on and show you know. I mean what could we possibly know about what's going on with that stuff? That's it. Exotic on Miami Beach is fun and exciting venue for the public to purchase the hottest new products and services from the Delta industry. You better get over there and buy them this weekend while they're still legal. Need adults stars including Jenna Jamison and the Club Jenna Girls to her Patrick and others. Take pictures you can brag about for years. Shop for something sexy and the largest adult market place on the East Coast before they outlaw all those things. Enjoy entertainment on stage with that ranging from the comedic studies around Jeremy who ought to be outlawed to a 15 person mail and female group group performance. Enjoy hours of entertainment for less cop body content and much more. Whatever way you decide to celebrate your sexiness enjoy it with Exotica at the Miami Beach Convention Center promises to be a memorable experience. Go to exoticamami.com that's with triple-exus three f's Exoticamami.com by your tickets checkout whose coming and get inflamed the nightly after parties. Exoticamami.com this weekend of our Friday June 9th or Sunday 11th at the Miami Beach Convention Center must be 18 and over with valid ID that we're checking your shoe size your age your goods Exoticamami Beach a celebration of sexy Okay just relax the second I'm changing because I got Michael Bloomberg on there now. Okay talking about the the threat alert now in the York because of the death of Alzar I give the Arab street up said do you think there's something happening I'm gonna kick you out and then I'll steal this to you. Yeah. See where this is all going now. How about a June surprise? Certainly before November elections surprise come. Oh my godrr Hey, dude, time to date, what's in the field? Hey, you have a yellow guy with a red guy, something they can't survive. We have a yellow guy with a red guy with a red guy. And they're talking about, you know, New York City, we're in a much higher threat level and then we're going to come to the other time anyway. Of course, that's why Bush just cooked big chunks of these funding, the whole mind's security for New York and Washington. I mean, who are all who attack there? Well, what are the bandwigs on that guy? Oh, my God, for me. Or Pacific Foundation? No, you've got to go back. Oh, God. Look at that thing. I think it's moving. They got some India guy on there that why is it that people from India were the worst hairpieces I have ever seen in my life? I hadn't noticed. No, no, there's plenty of them here. There's one guy at Woodbind, where's one that crawls around a little bit. Oh, my God. It's just, I think it's because they have that kind of like brown and dark brown and it's a different shades of brown, but like skin, you know, and when you have a red hairpiece on it, it's like kind of like puce. I don't know what that is. 842 votes on a pool. Let's hop up over 900 by one o'clock and then we'll feel safe. Although we don't feel very safe, I'll tell you why. US House of Representatives and thank God that Norma can't alert me to this yesterday because I had no idea that this was going on. Did you? No, I hadn't heard that. No, we knew that. I still haven't got a loop. The US House of Representatives approved the broadcast decency enforcement act of 2005 yesterday by a vote of, do you see what the vote was? No. 379 to 35. How about that? See, we haven't got a prayer where we ought to try and dance and hell. The Senate is already approved. The bill now hits to the desk of the president, which he'll sign it very, very quickly. The bill sets the maximum amount for indecency fines. It's $325,000. With a $3 million dollar fines, the maximum for any continuing violations. $3 million. We've got to start off shooting off a lot of stuff on eBay. Representative Fred Upton, Republican Mission, going to help craft the house burden of the indecency bill, which has stronger language and stiffer penalties. He said yesterday, we're entering the home stretch of getting the filth and triple-like amount of public airways. I don't know there was any triple-like amount of public airways. No, no, no. This shows here. Oh, yeah, well. At their current level, listen, we've had our balls chopped off. Let's face it. We have been neutered and de-balled by this president regime. Well, I got a paper jam. I'm jam. Oh, I have a whole stack of paper. I got one. I got one. I got one. I got one. I got one. I got one. I got one. I got one. Okay, wait. Let's get back. It's a current level. It finds out more of a cost of what we've all been through all that. Four representatives spoke last night, but what would have been Wednesday and a two day night. But the only representative Diane Watson never quite a California opposing legislation. According to broadcasting in cable, Watson said to build was a weak attempt to solve the issue and called it uncreative policy of the harm our creative community. Well, no question about that. More and more, man. This is part of the growing fascism that's taken over America. Two fixed elections enabled us to happen. Your freedoms are disappearing. Thanks to the Patriot Act and all these other acts. And the FCC, which is make it up as they go along. We like choice. They have a lot in common. They just make it up as they go along. Well, what is indecency? Well, well, we'll tell you. Well, let's see what you do it. Let's kind of like the speed limit. You know, there's no sign out there, but the the porchers are sitting out there. They let you know when you're going to fan. We're just not going to post any signs to fit over the speed limit. Oh, you're too fast. It's a $5,000 fine. Let's see. Did you buy any chance see the date line show last night on teenage predators? No, I did not. Oh, they're still doing that. And then what is this series of 4,000 shows? Anyway, and says, well, any facts. We were talking about you as the program went on because we figured you would jump right on this morning. I don't understand. Yeah, you jump right on it. I haven't heard you mentioned it yet. That's because I didn't. I wasn't even home to watch it much less. The guys were just gross all of them. And quite a few things they had found religion. Oh, I see. One was at an evangelical college. Another was 61 years old and claims it was the first time we tried to chat online with 13 year old girl. In other words, the teacher insisted to read the Catholic school with a wife and family. Have a nice day. You two, Anne. We thought you'd jump right on to smaller than see it. I mean, you're getting a little bit, you know, obviously it's a grotesque thing. But is there a little bit over when you said a little overkill? Yeah, obviously they're going to be using this for, you know, the crackdown. Yeah. That's what some of the people have a crack problem. Yeah. You know, I very seldom do this, but yesterday, while I went there this couple of times. But this story by this article by Russell Shaw, which I noticed is our most wed story on our website today. And Josh got the stories on there before 9 o'clock this morning too. And I was going, oh, right. Anne culture bitches too kind of word for you. I've this word. This is worth reading again. I like it because if you heard it the first time, you need to hear it again. And if you missed it the first time, it's worth because this needs to be said. This, she is the epitome of what the whole white wing in America is all about. She's the poster child, right, for evil. You know, your president keeps talking about evil, doers, innocent. The only evil doers, I think is in a bottle. I think he's drinking a lot of it. Russell Shaw said, and this was written keep in mind Tuesday. Is that the issue was on today, yeah, Tuesday. Earlier today, that today shows Matt Lauer challenged right wing pun to Anne quote around this charming statement of hers. The self-obsessed women seem genuinely unaware that 9 level was in the stack on our nation and acted like as if the terrorist attack only happened to them. They believed the entire country was required to marinate in their squizet personal agony. Apparently the announcing bush was part of the closure process. Then Matt said, and this is part of the part I really need to talk to you about. She had written in her book, these bras are millionaires lion eyes and TV and an article about them, reveling in their statuses celebrities and stalked by grief paratis. I've never seen people enjoying their husbands death so much because they dare speak out, master and ass, Matt Lauer and quote and then said something in the effect that they left loves the fact that by being widow is these women exude a certain gravitas of quotability. Well, and if you believe these are reveling millionaire bras and I invite you to be a fly on the wall tonight. A fly on the wall is one of these widows, look at her dead husband's picture on her desk and remembers to the finer times. A fly on the wall is one of these widows, looks at the other side of what was her marriage bed and sees no one there. A fly on the wall is one of these widows introduced an umel friend to her children and they instantaneously that yet only themselves wonder if her be as kind of loving to their mother as their slain father was. A fly on the wall is one of these widows listens to a new audio tape by Osama bin Laden and wonders why the man who was the ultimate mastermind of her husband's murder has been caught. A fly on the wall is one of these widows kneels in prayer. Looks up to have a deprojective presence of her slain husband spirit and with tears and rises, I'm doing this for you because you can't sweetheart. Speaking of a fly on the wall is one of these widows reads or hears and quote her hurtful, spiteful words and dams and quoted a hell. I'm no authority on the next life and quote her but I know something about this life and in this life consenting you to which to is to kind of an asignation. And where's the other where's the last page? I don't know what time I left the last page of it off. Oh no, maybe Josh left the line that's the most important part. Wouldn't that be something? I'm sure you didn't. It's probably my bad. Let's see where the hell is it? Where is it Josh? I err it is. Keep all right. No, no, I'm just going back to our web. Trying to blame. Okay, he says I've got a better. Here's the comes the Icing on the cake and didn't print out. I've got a better word for you and culture. The word that rhymes with what football teams often do on fourth down. Amen to which I say, a right second and third that emotion. You nasty, skanky bitch. You phone even though any right wing saw of her. God is your piece of crap. Yes, yes, that's your man. I think she is. I mean, I think she's got a man thing. Who are in this fudge? Well, maybe they say always works because it's well maintained. Nobody comes in and deals with it. Are you going to go through your hells going on over here? 854 bucks on a pole while I'm just storming for time. Oh, wait a minute. We're good. We're good to go. All right.