And the music's expressed on the previews mountains and poets. The designers, like those, have to be ready. Got a few more boards. You have scene on your first console. I heard him the other day talking about theillae girls that they're getting. to play the game. And it's very clear that he's talking about the Cuban illegals. And I want to tell you that's very shitty for someone to talk that way about illegals. Because you know, him himself is not a native here. He's not an American Indian. Everybody here has been an illegal sometime or another. And I don't like anybody talking right that about Cuban people. Because it's talked about like that, but Cuban people about his nationalities, the piece is shit. OK? There's nothing but rap to hear the support people. That's how that's how, you know, that's the American fucking way. So don't talk about Cuban people that way. But to that. Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad, Muhammad. And now, the end as near, we will destroy the great Satan. And when they're done, each un-American performer is judged on the spot by an un-American idol judge, like Simon. We're no homie. I thought you'll perform, which was repunit, repulsive, revoking, and otherwise, don't bother you. Muhammad, Muhammad, in idol. When Muhammad, I'm trained, takes a homie, meaning or someone, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, my man, the summer. Oh, I'm the one, no! On American Idol, let's see the winners are losers. It's the 10 or two. So Kimber was all excited about that lineup. We got the beast on at 5 to 7 in the morning, wow. Good reason to sleep in late. And Hanks and Vegas, is he on vacation now? Or what's the story? We just don't know. I don't know. So the beast is on 5 to 7 in the morning, who, of course, is a program director, Jr. I want to be surprised, Robert Kits is on show pretty soon. When you think? Any minute. Any second. Well, we sure got a great response to this public, I go today, and it's, wow. And George, the good news is that his life found Dreamfield's positive publics. Yes. The internet for my night, and greeted me 150%. That's right. It's great. Not only no different, but if anything better. Yeah. If I didn't, we got more fiber. It's good for you. Can't wait to take advantage of that fight. I've watched this thing about 42 carbs and a lot of times. I just read this stuff. OK, we got to read on our website there for Christ's Sigs. Just get with it. That when they apply that science to rice, like they were talking about, and then pay them to wheat, taters, and taters, oh, no, no, no. What'd that be great? Maybe in heaven. Exactly. But tax leave or rackies in US troops dead more that good news from our rack, just very briefly now. We don't want to let go of our do this. The US military today reported the deaths of two US service members in a rakey combat as bombings and shootings by fiber rackies dead according to the police. Another development, kidnipers released US reported yield care over got that whole story about, probably spend least an hour on that. You go, Jill. The deaths of US soldier and airmen, which brought the US troops dead toll in the rack board at 2226 heard in seven incidents. 2326 keep that in mind. Just keep saying it to yourself. 2326 dead people based on a pack of lives. Absolutely for no reason whatsoever. And here's Jill again, there's that picture where she got those schmothas on man, cut her head number. See, one thing like I told George before the show today, about most of the world's religions were invented by men. So most of the world's religions treat women like crap. That's right. Now when women get covered up to start their own religions, then men are going to walk around with like, berkazan and like all covered up. And like that. I'm clean. I'm clean. You like that. Yeah, that's right. Hey back as a bit you guys. Just like that illegal just sit on there. Ha ha ha ha ha. She was a real rocket scientist. Let me say it again. Lou Dobbs is right. They he's blow hard with a bad weave, but nevertheless, he's got a bad piece. Who's the most macho that was our full question yesterday? 294 votes. 10 Eastwood, 127. I still say if you're going to be a macho guy, you got to be able to speak. He. Oh, he's ain't. He didn't. He can't speak. I know what you're thinking. Janet Reno, 181. Yeah, he whispered basically. He's just a whispering guy. Well whispering guys aren't macho to me. I don't know what you're all depends upon what they're whispering. And where they whisper in it like in here. And you're re-order. Gina Regina Reno, 1951. She's macho all right. Guys are terrified of that bitch. Jim Mandates, 185. All right. Sean Kaiblo, he went to Michigan. They don't hold that against him. A lot of pretty boys went to Michigan, La Tom Brady, pretty boys. Sean Kaiblo, 89, Teddy Roosevelt, 70, Linda England, 57, Voix, she should've been the Kinnis of a macho contest. Charles Bronson, 52, man, colder 48. Guarantee is he's packing something. Yeah, another. Right. Ernest, tell me what he was, 48. John Wayne, 45, Marion. Steve McQueen, 42, even despite it, you've got to be Bushwood, your name is McQueen. You better be modest. That's right. And he was, 42. Babs Bush, 39, with her beautiful brain. Arnold Schwarzenegger, the terminal, Terminator, 21, Condor, Lisa, 20. Hey, condo, you're fairie. Lee Marvin and Dale are her nerd and Johnny Westmell are 18 to peace in the world, dead. And Vish of 17, Kimba Boe can't for 15 who just went off the air here moments ago, but he'll be back in tomorrow. After you get say, personality transplant, cancer Harris 11, sliced alone 10, Brad Pitt 9, Sterling Hayden 8, he was Salatso, and I was McCusky, in Godfather. He was good actors during Hayden. But he had that tortured look in, he was eating the wheel, a best night with the reason the Bronx. And he kind of like reached up and grabbed the neck and he had around his neck and like, I had a, I had a, I was just a look on the screen. Sterling Hayden 8, Vigine King 8, Raymond, and verse 6, hey Raymond, you're fairie. Tom Brady 5, Ricardo Muntelbond 5, Anthony Hopkins 4, Steve Reeves 3, Chuck Heston had 3, who had a lot more but just spend the X-pants kind of like it changes the image. Lloyd Bridges 1 and man Murray had one, you go man. All right, let's mustache. And I still like her music, how do you care what you say? You play all that stuff. I'm like snowboard all that much. Well, not the one, snowboard, I don't know. What is that? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You got that, that was one of her big hits. I don't know why it sucked. Here's a fact that says yes, it's snowboard. How many of you for it? It's snowboard. No, the fact says that's snowboard, it's a fact. Please add cello's theories, chocolate theory theories. Then cello or cello. We just put chocolate cover chairs on it. Oh, you're peppermint patties. How do we leave that off of the movie for God? Nice to have you in Vodka. PS love the CBS gravy. He said, how we doing on that? We got the 2100 bucks yet? No, I don't know. I'll go. We got 20 something. 20 something. I'm going to see into that. Okay, really good idea. That's the worst we've ever done by far. We've never even come close to such an embarrassing and deflating and humiliating experience as the... BATTERD man campaign. It's just tragic. It's on our website, they're right near the Adrymfield pasta. And also I'll say it again. I may have read you when I'm got it. Because you were to be scutty of pasta and you were the only you both verified what I told you. We haven't had one facts, one call, and you know, because of the fact that says zooming off the shelves of publics, that's somebody out there is vine, it's not because of just all the scuba laughs. How great it is. This is life changing. Exactly. Life changing. You can lose weight easing eating pasta. Never less. Don't tag me for it because I'm used to it. I'm used to the indifference. Anyhow, screw you. Oh no, I don't think so. What's your all time for? Scribered Gedi. Oh, that was the Raspberry time. Yes, it was. We now so Josh discovered a tremendous website. Although I will say they made one bad mistake. Well, it was pointed out to me by Gary Sarner. Really? Yes. Old Vaxliff's Gary Sarner. Yes, that's him. That's what you said before the show today made some constant. I thought that was there reason. He said that that was a that was a big candy for him still. It was a really well, it explains a lot. Maybe that's why he looks like that. Like he's sucking on a first. Anyway, some Gary Sarner. Oh, now why did he do that was he actually listen to the show. He must have been listening. He's not going to be mad. God, Almighty Gary Sarner and it would like that. It's not kosher listen to the show. Gary, it's safe. Hey, you were talking baseball for a while there. So I was not talking baseball. We're talking about it. So it was athletes. Yeah, see. Yeah, I didn't probably drew him in. But anyway, the website is old time candy.com slash candy list. But I may if you go to old time candy.com and tell you anything. And it goes as it's got just about every candy that was ever invented and not only that, but you can order it. Including some that you thought they wouldn't even make it anymore. And for the ones that they're not making anymore, like what was that one marathon? They've got a substitute for that. Yeah, we left Austin for your obvious ones, but we've tried to add them on today and we'll probably add some more. This is a good pool. We didn't put candy cigarettes on there. Now, but the thing I want to point out to you is smarties. For a website that says candy intensive is this, you think they would know their smarties, but the picture they got a smarties is a different product. They're like nickel wafer's. That's not smarties. They're that's a smartie. Smarties coming up box and they're like M&Ms. Although it's primarily European and it nestlies makes them. European and Canadian thing. Smarties. Very big. So get with the event at learning your smarties. They're at old time candy.com. But it's a great website. And of course, although you know, cellos talk with cover cherry's on here. How do you say that if it's Spanish and cellos, if it's Italian and cellos? I guess you better click on it and find out from. We call them chocolate cover cherries. Oh, I see. There's a, I mean, we could actually, if we didn't know about this list originally, we could have just put this on there. Erica just pasted and copied and twisted and yanked and the whole thing could have been on there. Although some of these really technically are candy like gum. I mean, gum to me is not candy. They got gum is on here. It's gum candy. Yeah, technically. No, it isn't. It is not. What are you talking about technically it's candy? Basically, it's got sugar in it. It's candy. I see. Let's forget. You saw that. I saw that. I saw that. Yeah. I see. What's your all-time favorite candy? We already got 800. What do we got? 80 teen. I think we got a shot of 1000 of it, Josh. Oh, you sure? Got a, I'm pretty confident today. Even with our diminished audience. By the way, the new sales guy Chris Jones is great. He accomplished more on one day or in five days anyway than his predecessor in five years. I've gone Chris. And of course, all sorts of mixed messages on it like tough stuff is. Oh, brother. I'm kind of look for him about tough here. I'm saying you're fairie. Although he, she didn't come in this morning and said, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Two times like that. What? Anyway, here's the, what's your all-time favorite candy? Over 800 votes already. This is good. Snickers 112. That is no surprise. I didn't vote for that. I voted for a score. What if for the, uh, Hershey with almonds and tauty? Josh, where you both for? I didn't get to vote. Well, we, we, we, we're not going to vote. Uh, you're not going to like my answer. You're going to say, Reese's? Yeah. Oh, I was going to say we're not going to judge you, but I changed my mind. I got a lot of company. There's 70 people are tainted on peanut butter for some time. Right. I can try Reese's now. We could have put Reese's, um, because if you look at this list here, uh, Reese's peanut butter cup and then Reese's pieces, but it's the same crap. I mean, no, not at all, but it's not. I mean, Reese's pieces has no chocolate in it. So, should we put that on there's a separate one? She lost. Go ahead. Reese's pieces. Yeah. Reese's anyway, so that's, that's 78th second right now, that's shocking to me. I just, I mean, the people out there got such bad taste. Eminem is 40. Eminem peanut has got, but third man. See, nobody other than Snickers and Reese's have a big number because they're all like Divide Up real, uh, even Hershey Bar 29, how podest you and how boring. Kit Kat 27. Too bad we can't play that schmit cat bar. I don't think the name's a good name. Two mouse Katiers 25 also, a very bland mushy butter finger 22. That's good, especially those big 40 pound ones they make. Well, I'm by the way speaking of tauberoni, which we left off yesterday, but we put it on there today. Um, they all, if you ever seen in the windows of the candy shops, they had they make, they've been like about 20 pound one, like you have to get a honey of carrying it out of the store. You ever see those? Nope. Mounds 22. That's what coconut, so you obviously don't like that. And you do do why. Baby Ruth 19, a rose in a baby Ruth. I'll enjoy 19. We're a coconut. Prix 18. No kind of people eat Twix? Nope. Twits, I see. Heath bar 18, chunky 17, 100 grand eight 16, Malded note balls 15. We didn't put our chocolate softy balls on here because we're pissed off and I is a case. Literature 15, Milky Way 15, watch him a call of 15. Raisin adds 14, turtles 14, can't raise 14 now. Can't raise makes a million kind of chocolate. You know, and so the several other ones on here. We couldn't put them all individually. It had 40,000 names on here. Payday 14. That's my favorite. It's payday. Favorite day 13. Scores got 13. That should have a lot more than that. Don't you like score? I do. Josh? Uh, yes. That's the score. It's all right. I'm not a big candy guy to be honest. Milky Way dark 12, then you're out of this discussion. Mars Bar 11. I'll leave it. The website, thanks to Gary Surnar my good buddy. So catch 10 to 10. Wopper's 9. Oh, but you're not. Gary likes those woppers. He in the great reduced to 10 all the time. Clark Bar 9, Poppy Cock eight. Jellybean 7, oh Henry 7. Marathon Bar 7. Lint, which again, we just put generic because they make 80 million. They make candy bars. They make those round balls. They make all kinds of stuff. Are there any other kind of balls? We said round ones. I don't think so. I'd be odd long ones. 7. Smarty 7. No, we left off. Log it to a Titzi roll 7. Rollo 6. Nestle 6. Zagnet Bar 6. Mr. Good Bar 6. Hershey with Toffee Ammon's 5. Carmelo 5. Crispy Crunch 5. If I read the list three times, I'll be time to go home. Milk does 4. Charleston 2.4. Crunchy 4. Atomic Fireballs 3. Red Hot 3. Top of our own 3. Crackle 3. Cracker Jack 3. Peanut Riddle 2. Malacup 2. Goober's 2. Arrow 2. That sucks. Ritter Sport 2. Bit of Honey 2. Crutch and Munch 2. Fiddle Faddle 2. Smors 2. Which you didn't even know there was a Smors bar. No. Sucks. Still the Favano bar 2. Peppermint Patty 1. Top with Covered Cherries 1. Oh, those are two sweet. They're sickening. All right. Malacup 1. Nestle 6. Yeah, well like once in a one, one a year. Nestle's Crunch 1. Nickel wait for his one. Powerhouse 1. Bar 9. One. Coffee Crisp 1. Mr. Big 1. Boxy 1. Again, they make lots of different crime. Generate. Reasons pieces we just put on don't have any Niven to top rocks, tuckles. Sugar daddy, sugar or baby. Won't give our caramel cap. No, not baby. Sugar baby don't have any. Oh, those are really sweet. Doesn't go. Aren't they? Yeah, they're sugar. Sugar baby sweet. Sugar. 10 16 at 5 60. WCM 8 input. Judue B's on there because we don't have to spell it. We don't get the the Jewish crowd. I'll then out of shape. Oh, I think it's anti-Somantic thing. No, you. And those are really tear your teeth out. Not to the candy at the movies. Well, just tear your teeth right to pieces. I think the dental industry's probably got like stock in it. But off this instant. No, no, no. I'm sorry, because I showed you get some permission. I tell you, with my wife, look a very good bitch. Matcha palace. They wish to catch a virgin who had 48. I want to shop around on the second told me, you know, why? She hasn't been a good person. I've been in pleasure. I had to remind the weather match. She didn't. If we're checking over the Canada, the Pacea salad. Why didn't I told like a man he can't simply. She said, well, such a nice thing. She should not be lining. I'm standing here all day and my finger boy is in. I can't get to hell. I'm all recording the night. My baby, don't you see me? I leave my husband. I took these things and got so full-games. I didn't get it. I had a bad idea. I only hope that his age rate rate is 9.9. Great, please leave me. Speak that. I've your voice. I've got my teeth to throw the joke that I'm eating. Yeah, we've got a list of all my gunshot meetings. My wife said, why didn't you know I'm very sick of you? I just throw a lot of train of my grandmother's disease. I said, I took the embarrassed that I'm calling a part. They should only expect no worries from that guy to worry part. And I might end as a guy between a fair line here. I can go right now. I'll still be here. We most should take our budget and then put the polish. We made a bag of gold and a little bit to take your cup of polish. She said, my kids show me an inflation. She said, try to take it and line how to cook. But that I took the place and I didn't have guilt. It takes a moment of the baby's rights. I'm trying to put the book in the book. I'm trying to put the book in the book. I'm trying to put the book in the book. Yeah, who fights with Seth the rapper and rabbi that turned for us all last weekend. That's right. It's not just like that. How big is it? I got a really good one for you there. I love we left off. Oh, this website, boy, thanks to Gary Sardin and we'll start with him a lot. Didn't we? Well, we do that. Yeah. Oh, let's try to see how that goes. It's like a list. Good and 20. Oh, good and 20. Yeah. It's because we're talking about liquor. Oh, man. Soft and chewy liquorish candy. A lot of you people are going to be very pissed off with me when you get them to show today. But and a lot of you will die as a result of it, but you'll die with a smile on your face. I love good and plenty. Yeah. That's another one in movie theater. Can't. Right. Soft and chewy liquorish candy. Oh, yeah. You've got to have a box of good and 20 and a box of snow caps are non-per-else. And the box makes a lot of noise so you can annoy the people around you while you're You're just shuffle them. We got to wish you could. We have twizzlers on there. I'll make you a part. No, we don't. He just has liquorish on there, but twizzlers comes in more than flavors than that. So twizzlers. Right. Let's put twizzlers on. You want to put that on there? Yeah. A lot of people like twizzlers. Okay. Bye. Bye. Well, don't forget good and plenty now. Right. I mean, if we're going to go to this list that we got here in this way, the website again is old TimeCandy.com which is star. Oh, four-hound drops. But those are like, those are a lot of cough drops. No, they have cough drops. Four-hound drops. Yeah. Four-hound drops. What do they drop? Pants. Oh, yeah. They got gum. Like beaming's gum. Oh, I used to have an uncle. That's old beaming's and teabary gum. It was a gum-sillsman. How that work out? I don't know. He's got a bunch of luck. Where he was a guy. Sour patch kids. Oh, that's very big here. That's a Canadian thing. We don't want to sell our candies. Huh? I like the sour candies. Do you really? That's a dude. Well, sit up right in with your sour apple. You homestead you. Yeah. Well, no, they got in here like Smith for this cough drop. So I'm not putting cough drops. Although, I'd be very honest with you. Most of us did eat cough drops because they tasted like candy. Or juju v's is on here. I like that. Oh, Mama Sita, juju v's is on here. Now I got to look that up. Now what I was starting to tell you, which I probably shouldn't tell you, audience this, it's a bad, bad move by me. You will be dead. Is that if you go on this website, click on whichever one like here. I'll click on juju v's. Who's he? I spell it. JUJUJUB. Let's get that on there. A certain fruit flavors. If you like them, soft. It says, try putting them in the microwave for a few seconds. Not too long, you'll have juju v. Oh, God. Anyway, you can buy this by the case. You can get even order these. They'll send them right to you real fast. Oh, this is a 15 ounce size case of 2469 to 99 to 90 to 90 to hold case. Single boxes available for 79 cents each on the pack of bag page. This is a wonderful thing for people that want to kill themselves with candy. Oh, God. Juju v's. I don't recall that box doesn't look for money to me. Are you looking at it? It's got a green box. But the individual candies. That's obviously a little tiny, like chewy, a little pieces. Right? It'll chewy bees. All different multi-colored. Boy, that's a miracle that any of us are still alive to be honest with you. And you wonder why we croaked? God. Hey, that beam feels passed. I'm going to tell you again. I spend a lot of money for that because I spent more on a shipping they did for the product. Yeah. Likewise, it was like, it's actually not even for all I know they might have it in a supermarket. So you haven't looked for you. What a schmuck I am. I got covered full of it. It is the best. And even if you're excited about it because you're such a hard ass. You're hard to please. Yes, I am. And you're just all whipped up to a frenzy about it. Now, where what and at the risk of not finding any more of it, we're in a crystal find of what publics the publics on Sheridan on the way to the beach, which is our publics. Ah. Like east of US one publics. Hmm. I don't have to worry about it anymore because I got that case coming. So. No, you've got in the York case, all right. That's right. Twenty seven past ten and five sixty WQA. It's a great series day. We got a big, oh, coming up rock solid. To set the next by the beast was on this morning. Given the big Oishard, I don't have any problem with that. I mean, he can't speak English, but he's pretty good. He's very better than some people we've had. And that slot, and he revolving slot. Mad dog at four three, shallow hours of the Mad dog. Thank God. Thanks God. Hurricane Hotline and Birdie Cosa's stay cows had seven o'clock. Jesse Aguared nine to ten. He'll be raving. He'll be traveling about the panther seven consecutive win. We'd depend on one five three last night in Pittsburgh and Lady Martista night at 10 o'clock. That should be good for a few. Chuckles. Okay. Speaking of candy. Can you're in trouble? We would be bushes with the White House. That's right. Watch what I say. All right. Let's go to some calls Pennsylvania. Yeah, hello. Mr. President, is that a cocktail you're making? Oh, absolutely. This is Bush to see drink every night. They really got it. Good number. But also by this point, believe me, we're used to it. Sure. You have a responsibility to the American people to stay focused and sober. No. You. You ready? You too. Texas. Texas. Hello. President, is this a source? Is Vice President Shady at the White House right now too? I don't know. It's a 1031. And guess what? Another one we left off. Other way to talk about Red Hot. Jobbreakers. Right. Yeah. Jobbreakers. All right. Now the boxes they're showing here say, job busters. Okay. Anyway, it's jobbreakers. So it's taken easy with those baby boomers teeth, the size of our three inch of an inch of diameter to roughly 17 in a mini box. 24 to a case for four dollars, 99 cents. This is disgusting. So damn good thing. I'm not on some kind of a candy bag. A jag right now. Oh, man. Yeah. On a jag nut. Yeah. We put that on a zag nut. We put that on, right? We did. Bonamos Turkish Taffy. They actually, they don't make that no more. French chewy taffy. It's an OIC. There is a new one because they don't make bonamos anymore. But here's French Turkish taffy. Don't put that on. Oh, you could put that on. Bonamos Turkish taffy. I'll just put Turkish taffy. Can you believe these? And you click on. You can order them because you'll find that 99 percent. Like I said about what was the one I mentioned in marathon? That they don't make any more marathon bar. But if you click on that, it says, it's gone. But the curly woolly takes its place. Each bar is the same size as the original. One inch by eight inches of braided caramel covered with milk chocolate. Ooh, that sounds good. Look at that. There's the picture of it. Mmm. It's braided. Says you will not be disappointed. A bag of 20 bars is 2399. Let's sell candy on the shore. We didn't kill everybody. Oh, man. If I just take tons of this stuff and put on Gary Surners door and just put a kosher, a little circle, a circle you ran sign on it. It's par av, whatever that means. kosher, it's halal. Tell me it's halal. We got 898 votes. That means we might get to 1,000 by like go, I don't know. 11 and the... About 30 minutes. What do you think? At least 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're candy intensive. They boy, the shore is so sweet. It's disgusting. By about noon, your blood's here will be 700. Just from listening. WDQAM Hello. Hold that, clown. WDQAM Hello. Yeah, I got some candy free. Do you, send it over in a box. What do you guys have? I got a ticket that is non-later's and private. What was the second one? Non-later's and private. Oh, no, no ladders. That's an old favorite. Yes? No and ladders. Oh, no and ladders. Even all the time. Oh, no, man. I can't do it here so fast anymore. I hear well, but not so fast. I hear slower. Now and later, I never heard that. I heard a similar little square individually wrapped candies coming different flavors. Chocolate. I don't think that's even on this list here. It's not if he's got every candy bar that he made all the way. No, it's not a smarty's wrong, which really pisses me off. That's stupid. You see now and later, oh, it is on there. Okay. Big down here and Florida and no, not just cool. There were big in all the entry school done here. In Florida, well, what does that tell you? You got any narrow ladders? Never heard of it. But if I click on it, see when you see the picture of the product, then it's then it brings back all those memories. Some of them good, most of them bad. Let's see. Now and later, here we go. Right. Never saw them. See the individually round you got to have some now and then have some later. So if it's labor is for individually wrapped candy squares and a half of a 5.56 sounds box. By box of 48 bars, 69. I'm looking at the packages that they don't ring any bowls with me. Never saw them, never heard of them. Don't know from them. But if you want to put it on there, go ahead. Now or later. 944 horse man, the candy is a fantastic. Here's a Zack and Miami says, this is not Zack Arzae. Could be I'm sure it's not. Judging by the nature of the facts, I doubt it. Oh no. Is Josh seen this yet? No. I bought a lot of that. You break it to it. Come on, he's got a call. A great website that sells all sorts of different nostalgia's of candy is hometownfavorites.com. They also have a section on the site that's hard and has hard to find foods and food based on your region. Huh. I'm going to got those cheesy waffley things I talked about. Remember we found that online somewhere? Cheese waffles? Whatever those are called? They come in like a tube, a tube. Oh yeah. Yeah. And you never found those. You know what I'm talking about. I do. But I do like two thin orange wafers. They're real orange. Like we lots of artificial coloring and probably kid you. Then Zack and Miami continues. He says, by the way, is Josh hot? He sounds really cute. The gaze in Miami want to meet him. So please send him on the premise that twist and stuff. Could you put a picture on your website? Love the show Zack and Miami. He's Zack. You're fair. Oh God. I think the reason why you got a following up there. Okay. What's up? What's up with him? What's up with him? What's up with him? Okay. Josh has twist this. What's going up and then? What's going on? Okay. Anyway. That's sad. That's right. By the way, we do have a picture of Josh on with some more. Don't we? No, we thought we did. Yeah, we do. No, we don't. We're going to be like, hey, hey. You. How are the influence? Oh, that's a bit odd there. Oh. It's just the best. I'll get one from his mom. And a picture. Where are those pictures? Let's see. Oh, here it is. Pictures. They haven't been changed in like five years. Yeah. Right. Where has said the needed burger burger burger burger? Let's see. There's a George's tattoo adventure. Jessica Simpson in George. The cast of QA and is it where it is? That's where it should be. And we don't have a picture. There's not a picture of me up there. I'm telling you. There was for like a couple days. Oh, there's McGill looking like a dead bee. Organized. There's a great deal. There's only smile on his face. You know, we don't have a big deal of a. We don't have a picture of the new regime on there. I'll have to work on that too. When you never get Joshua, I believe it takes pictures now. But they're saying, look at him. He looks like he's in a carnival with his head. You know, those things where you put the hits you want to fool me. I'm not going to get a picture of Josh posing. No. You have to see one. There's no. Oh, Moan Gildy. Oh, my god. And Moa San. Look at that. And there's Mad Dog. We're going to look at 90 years old. That's bad. Even what's his name is on there. Goofball and junior. Oh, there's Clarence on there. Look at that. Look at her. And there's George, just from the current junior. Who's that in the upper right? Oh, it's you and Joe. Your buddies. Look at that. Arm and arm hand and glant. That's right. That's right. Tight. Wow. So there you go. So we did have a picture. We did have a picture. It was on the homepage for like a week. Yeah. And we did it. Because Zach was hot for your body or something. I'll get a better one. Just wait till the next time. I want to say, tense your questions. And we're like, look warm. Okay. That would be my answer. Not look warm. Actually Zach, I'm hot stuff. I'm gonna say it. Oh, good God. Ted Turner blast the media bush and himself. Old Ted Turner got a lot of money. But we wouldn't be a lot of money. Ted Turner took shots to the media for his coverage of sex and violence. And himself for losing control of the news network he found. And it's the bush of the station for going to war in Iraq. You go, Ted. Probably that Jane found influence rubbed off. The hospital can be later philanthropists made his comments as he was being honored for promoting global understanding. That's interesting because I can't understand a thing he says he mumbles. There's an awful lot of surplus news. The pervert of the day in someone that's shot seven people at a fraternity party. Turner told the crowd gathered downtown hotel in Atlanta. Who needs it all? Well, what are we going to do without the pervert of the day in somebody who shot seven people at a fat party? Turner, 67 said he would rest losing control of CNN, which he founded 1980 to time Warner Ink after it's merger with America online. I had a sacred trust there and I let it go, Turner said, I thought there was no way that could phase me out. I was wrong. In 2003, Turner resigned his vice chairman of what was then AOL time Warner Ink then last month. He said he wouldn't seek the election of the board. I would have not simply time Warner. As for Bush, Turner didn't mince his words. Don't mince your words, Josh, you're beginning to get more of you. In fact, it's like that last one. We can't afford the Warner Act, Turner said it's a big waste of time. I wish we would say we wouldn't be going home. We shouldn't be there. Bombing isn't the way of changing people's minds. You do have the education he said. Bush likes it to understand the world, Turner said, We had a president of the United States who had been out of the country only once before he was elected. He said, and that was the Mexico. The tennis. At the end of this guy, he has his finger on the nuclear trigger too. He reformed alcoholic, but nothing wrong with that. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Not that his anything wrong with that. White House spokesman Maria Tamburri addressed Turner's work criticism. The racer remains essential front of the war on terror, and it's important for the security of our nation. Have a democratic Iraqis or friend ally, he said. She had no immediate comment on Turner's remarks about the president's booze use. Bush believed well we know that. Turner, who was awarding the annual Delta Airlines Prize for Global Understanding, administered by the University of Georgia was asked after this imposing whether he would consider running for president. I thought about it a lot. He said, and that he's almost 70 is chance as past. Well, can't you see that tender for president and then Jane could be the first later. That's why he's not married to her anymore. What a shame. When it be something with that pistol, a lot of people off. Yeah. Yeah, would. Hanway Jane to be the first lady. Wow. They would probably lint her ass. Right in the middle of one of her workouts. Ford Jane, former misunderstood Hanway Jane. It's 24, 11 at five, 60, WK. Your insulin levels are going to go zooming in a minute. This is Neil Roger. And he's going to split this. He's 5, 62, 8. Nob's up. Children, a solemn dissonation. What would you do for a comeback? Oh, for a comeback, Barth. I personally Ricky Martin repeatedly over and over. Oh, you know what? I came from my, I don't like one that Barth. I'm worried to be chocolate. I'm lactose intolerant. I'm a diabetic. Oh, sweet Jesus. Stop it. No, home. Right in the eye. What did you do for a comeback, Barth? And you know, I thought this website was so good, but then again, Gary Sernige, even to whistle of good could of be. It's no climb like Bar on here. That's why we left it off. Then the shame. No, medium shape. Well, put it on there. Right away, let's get climb like Bar on our route thing. Oh, the Josh pictures back up on the websites for the South. Oh, no, they want to check it out. Hey, Zach, Josh's pictures back on a website. Take a look. Okay, you can look, but don't touch. Where is it? I don't know. I'm reading off the little telepronter here. Under pictures. Okay, let's see. Under what? Can't secure M or more QM pick. I don't know where you put it. Where do you put it? Huh? There's Hank. Sitting there with about a 40 ounce, an 80 ounce couple of something for them. What is that? Where? To the left of Hank where it says more pictures. Who the hell is that? Oh, Josh's picture is right above the pasta. Frustible the pasta. The heart and center front page. Wow. That's Curtis. Let's see. Above the pasta. There it is. Yeah, that's him. That's what he looks like. Punk. That's him. I don't think Zack would turn. We would turn you down. Well, we'll never find out. Well, we'll never find out. We'll never find out. We'll never find out. Oh, maybe that is that. Cranc maybe Josh's a trouble chase. So we just didn't know it. American reporter Jill Carroll was sent for you. Today police said nearly too much after she was kidnapped in a bloody ambush. That couldn't translate her. Her editor said she was just all we're flying. Carol 20 was headed over to the wreck. She was like 100 times today. The Dan Stewart is dead. And I still can't. It doesn't sunk in yet. The record is dead. No. Not Danny Boy. And you want to know why don't you? Because that's God punished him for what he tried to do to poor Josh from my not our Josh. But from young in the horny Josh moral. Nick. Remember that? Yeah. Right after that they married Nick often. His wife first started having babies like one every two months. It was incredible. Just popping him out. Crazy in Kendall says my vote is for red vines. Look at her in my life. Did you hear that? Well it's on this thing. Red vines. Look at her. She's the long skinny. Long skinny. Long skinny. Yeah. Hey Zach. Josh hit this long skinny. Red vines. Where is it? Red vines. Look at her. Oh there's also red vines. Look at her. Twist. Follow tubes. Look at that. They're hollow. She. Connected into a two and a half ounce bar of liquor. She boxed at 24 original red black licorice in 1699. If you don't need to hold box, you can get it by the single bag. Red vines. Twist and sugar free twist. Oh they got sugar free twist. Probably loaded with the multitale. Stuff like that. Make you just, oh, spend all day on it. It says you can still buy them in the original little package. You're by the bucket of targets. It says Tracy. They're also great for pissing off twizzler eaters. Oh. She says yuck to twizzler. She likes the ACD. God, do it man. It's basically like old deal and Loret King words up. If you have a great weekend too, Tracy, thanks for the memories. There you go. 5 6705 60. We're candy intensively. They do one of the best polls that we've ever taken. You know what? What inspired me to do this? Hello candy? No, something inspired me. This is one of the most. Well, is that no? With the facts we got here today. Thanks to the facts are for inspiring me. With the one that said the George is an idiot. Mars bars don't have shit. It's broken up. Oh, that right. And it said on that note how about a future pull for what's your old time forever candy? Bar. But we didn't just do candy bar with a candy. Right. Then we put cotton candy on there probably not. No, that's fair. We're going to candy. It's a county fair stuff. It's okay. And you can buy it on that website. But it's in a bag. It's never going to be the same. It's going to be all dried out. You know, the best thing when you go to the county fair and you go in. I don't either because it's just going to kid you. But you watched them making the cotton candy and how they poorly, the sugar and the coloring and that thing that goes round around, round, blind, a wheel. They're like, very comical. It's a round around. And you watched the sugar like spin like in. It looks like a cobweb. Right. You won't kind of wonder whether you can. Sweet, sweet. Sweet. Spiders are. You understand? They're in my house. They're also like a cobweb. Oh, why can't for those spiders? Man, I got me a spider butt on my leg. Cable is always big is a watermelon. My god. I took my garbage in the garbage room and put it down the shoe, you know. Oh, it's spider. A little miss muffalo was in there. Long came a spider and hopped up on my leg and without my knowing it. And I came back in the kitchen was watching a couple of dishes and I felt like on my leg, you know, like about halfway down, rewry between the knee and the ankle. I like something. Not good. And I looked down and noticed where there is two telltale round holes. You know what I'm saying? That's right. The vampire. I was bleeding. Yeah. Now the scarist is still there because being diabetic, I hear real slow, you know. It's first half or eight about 400 of them double bubble gum things. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, this candy thing is really sick. You're on the one hand we're telling them about the dream field pasta. By the way, nice job on that Troy. You're really doing it. Give it to like a real sales guy. That account. We could put your shot ahead them on the year. Like Gary started. Yeah, oh yeah. Well, that his thing is knee like national. That's his thing. Well, tell Gary started and instead of talking about candy bars, Gary oughta be like, can't be working on our dream field pasta, you idiot. You're professional. Oh, yeah. Yeah. WQAM Candy line. Hello. Hey, I'm not a better guy. You know, I've been to candy. So you're really killer there. You too. Do any of that. I also need a large teacher to get shot from some movies. No, can. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Zero candy bar. Zero. I remember that. Zero the white one. Right. Oh. It was the chocolate babies. I think that one's on this list. Let's see chocolate babies. Yeah. Sugar babies. Chocolate babies. They put it on their business a long time ago. Yeah, but he also let me. Let me look at this because his on his list. I think he'd be interested in looking at this thing. No, you see, it's nervous line because of the public. Yeah. Chocolate. Chocolate. They pump it babies. I'm clicking it because it's on the list. And oh, those things look like dog chores, man. They do. Don't think they need to make a shape babies about one inch long. There you go. Looks like tiny came back to life. Okay. Thanks a lot, Sally. Oh, there's a shape like baby nine. Oh, those. But don't those have like marshmallow inside or those solid. I'm not sure I got to look at the picture. The other type of babies. There's the dead babies from C.K.O.W. I think those got marshmallow on them. They're in our confused. I don't know. I don't know. That's true. What those are. Small chocolate shaped babies about one inch long. Two pound bag is roughly 200 pieces is 499. Only five bucks you can go into a diabetic coma. 200 pieces. Ha ha ha. Oh, man. They got something at them. But I believe they do. It said my chocolate babies are very fresh. They'll stick together. We recommend you open the bag and suppose them to the air before eating. Because they stick together. Well, chocolate babies do have a tendency to stick together. And white babies stick together. And that's the problem. We got 966 goes. We could be coasted with as of the top of the hour and Josh said, You'll never make it two days in a row. He's just POC's back to turn him down. Oh, bond bonds. It's in. Or it's for the generic. I can't. Huh? It's for the generic, but sure. Well, let's see if it's on this thing here. I'll leave this down a lot of good stuff. Well, they got to say a brand as opposed to all inclusive to write or any round chocolate ball. Ice cream covered with chocolate. Yeah, I do know what bond bonds are. It's not really vibe bond bonds. Just the box of candy that you get at valentize day. Those are bond bonds. No, no. Whoever sent this and look at the answer. It's at Frankenstein. It's at Blankstein. I'm sorry. Ice cream covered with chocolate. And those are bond bonds. You buy like it's like an ice cream place. Like a Laura Sequord here or like somewhere there. I don't know. Who will know? Gallop pole in shift more. Americans not call themselves Democrats. Well, we don't have too much choice at this point. In perhaps a historic shift more Americans not consider them as so Democrats and Republicans. The Gallop organization says Republicans hanging the upper hand in recent years, but 33% of Americans in latest Gallop will not call themselves Democrats. They'll stay bringing the GOP 32% at one point behind. Gallop says this widen has been more once the leanings have been dependent so I take you into account. What is that? Well, I'm cutting the styrofoad off my chili dog. No. I thought maybe we would like open in a big box of candy sound like me. Independent summit or something maybe we really don't like a scratch. Independence not make up 34% of the population when I said they lean in a certain direction. The ranch is forced to Democrat numbers to 49% of the Republicans is 42. A year ago the parties were dead even in 46. In fact, I think the dead part is right. Dead parties. The shift indicates Gallop says why it's pulled short Democrats leave the UNSUS Congressional races. And it was taken from January through March. January through now. For the national sample. And Gallop of course tends to be right. We're going to as very bonds with this fat ass. Look at that. Just see that. Look. Maybe that's why drugs like some so much. Oh, Zack says. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I didn't realize this is going to be a serial. I'm not going to say I don't think I should read that. I think it did. Because you're a smithest river man. That's why you want to write your own shop. Yes. Zack and mine we see. I'm going to go back up there. I didn't either. Zack says your cute Josh don't be shy when we're sure we meet. We'll have a good time. I promise. I know you're a little interested. I'll see what it is much as you do. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. From one of those. I'm doing it too. I got a great couple. Once you go. It says once you go Zack you don't go back. Can I email you? Oh brother. Markets on Thursday March 30th. Folks. The Josh gets proposition right on here. I'm going to show you by some queen out there. Oh dear. What a surprise. What a surprise. I said the show just works wonders for me. Yeah. Between this and that. I feel like I'm for you. Another of the. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. What is that? Love is in the air. Oh yeah. You can smell it. I'm dedicating this. It's a Josh. It's a Josh. It's a Josh. It's a Josh. It's a Josh. It's a Josh. It's a Josh. It's a Josh. It's a Josh. Florida subpoena is voting machine out of the state of subpoena. Vote. It's in companies. Florida turning generals or a Fests issued investigative subpoena is to the three companies certified is suboating machines and Florida. They're bad machines. Mine. A turning general Charlie Chris is reviewing it is spook between the firms and Leon County. Election supervisor. Dive old election systems. Election systems and software and Sequoia voting systems. Have refused to sell equipment to let disabled voters cancel ballots without help and Leon County. The election supervisors, Eon Sanchez, then outspoken about as concerned that the devices can be easily manipulated to change race outcomes. A lot of folks like to be able to change their race. The company's refusal is literally on county homily state capital and violation of the federal, help America vote act. Charlie. Chris. Hey Charlie. You're fairie. Watch to see companies that documents relating to sales of voting machines by the company's in Florida since January 2003. Chris office began the investigation early in February. A spokesman for the election's abysmal dibels says they haven't seen it, but they'll review it. The officials that's the quiet ESNS have returned messages he can come in. What are your goleys? There's a little something going on. There's a little something in the ear like you're it said. Love is in the ear. You can smell it. The aroma. As Zach is overwhelmed by the picture of Josh court is on our website. Right by the past, too. Got a funny line for me. I don't like the big things. I don't keep it for myself because two people become very aggravated. The most important of which would be Joyce. She'd get all bent out of shape just like a wrinkle piece of pasta. She'd get all, in fact that's what she looks like when Norma said. A wrinkle the noodle of pasta. 1056 and 560 WQA and being outdoors in South Florida a lot, you really need to have comfortable shoes to do all your waterling around. You're shuffling around. So the only place to go is brandy shoes in Pompano Beach. Be sure to tell them that Brian Schmutz and you and Brian of course is back with us. We're ecstatic that like a real sales guy back. He won't be around too long. Brandy's carries major brands like Florishime, Echo, Mufisto, Rockport, Hushpuppies, New Balance, tons of other names brands and all sizes for men and women they even carry wide wits and hard to find sizes to a brandy's. Brandy's in fact is the largest independent shoe retailer in all South Florida. When you see the selection of men you get a brandy's. You know why I've been raving for years about just how great the art. We shot a fact that they paid good money for it. Go see our good friend Arty. Who gets to the right for these shoes to those feet and the right price every time too. Brandy's sure is not like those big departments there is where you're wandering for ever to get service and then finally when they wait on you. You pick out the study like oh sorry don't have that in your size good luck to you. The only thing they do do at Brandy's is shoes so they're the experts. You don't have to worry about size, selection, service or price. They're absolutely unbeatable. Brandy's shoes will find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach between Atlantic and Coppins on the east side. You can't miss it. Brandy's is open Monday through Saturday to line and every Sunday is well till five. And this week is a great time to by naturalizers at Brandy's all great women styles 10 bucks off. So be sure to do your shoe shopping at Brandy's this week or online on their website at Brandy's shoes.com. This is Neil Roger. This is by 1628. This is your brain. This is your brain on drugs. This is your brain being chopped at bits by a finely-hinged home meat cleaner. This is your brain in a blender. And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili. Mmmmm. Brains. Real food for real people. It's a little ugly. Oh, go to the door and I'm gonna put it on the air. I think it's gorgeous in the bathroom. Oh, go to the door. Oh, you know that these templates on the stuff are more... Yeah, that's right. Well, my starter of stage screen radio within it. Yeah, what do you know? What do you say? Cooper Chief Hates, listen. I'm speaking time. I ain't getting any older over here. It's a little good luck, though, for you. I see. And at that, Mr. Abraham Wart is an inconditioned milk. Yeah, I'm taking his place, you. And I'll have you know, that I'm here to collect the big... The big, that's right for Pave's with. What's the favor of what it is? You're getting to a point B! Can I gel out that dope up? You're putting it all in this briefcase, right here. Beep. What's happening to this? We are keeping a boat, Kim. And we get a kick out of here. Keep. No way, there's been a way to get my orders on the lobby. I see this up over here. Yes, wait, man. Who's the boat? What do you mean, I get into you? Do you mean, Smith or Edward Everett? Whatever it would. And... Can I get him out? I'll see you here. Hey, it's 1100560W. Here's a thanks from Bill, who says, from Fatlata, where everything is fried, including the people. He says, my all-time favorite is dots. And how about screaming yellow zonkers, great for the much he's don't think they make those anymore? Well, we didn't talk about the S.A.S. screaming yellow zonkers and yonkers? Ever got. But they're not on this list. I don't tell me you're reading the house again now. I am. That's all. But dots. So I looked up dots and you know what they are? I hate them. I think I do. They're like, dots formerly known as Mason dots. And they're like, they also made liquorice dots. It's called black crows. But these are assorted fruit flavored gum drops. And they're like, slimy. In other words, you chew into them. And they're like, I don't like slimy candy. There are another movie candy. Yeah, oh, exactly. Definitely. That's what you call it. What's that? There. A little bit of it. Uh, 225, they come in a 2.25 ounce box. The case is 24 boxes, 1799. And if you don't need to hold case, single boxes for only 79 cents each. On the pack. What does it pick a bag, pack a bag page? Or you throw that pack a bag page and like, you know, a couple of these. One of them, what are the them and those and these? And just kill yourself on this stuff. Can you? You could. This is a great website. Thanks a lot, Gary. We certainly you jack guys. Hey, Gary. You're fairie. And here's the facts. Long one that says Ron and Faye is giving a plug to block last year. We did it. Apparently Faye's had a massive heart attack and discovered that he's diabetic. How do you like that? Hmm. By the way, blah, blah is not doing so well, but we are at a cinema best. He's having a tough time. And so, and you know, here on the day that we're talking about candy and killing people with food, not a good combination. Sorry, blah, blah. From monsters and critics, people with Louis buster rhymes slash gay fan attack. Buster rhymes had last out of the gay fan who's kept them on the shoulder. Well, how does he use me? He instead of happened as a rapper to not. If Zach came in the lobby and as you were walking out of your hat, you had a shoulder. Would you get all bent out of shape? I give him a buster rhymes of the head. Just a tap on his shoulder? What if he was a lion? Love tap on his shoulder. And I see now you're extending it. This is on Stephen's Exit. The incident happened as the rapper turned out to be living the 11th street diner and I'm his trendy South Beach sister 50, really hours of Sunday. This past Sunday. How can we didn't know about this? What we did? I witnessed Thomas Barker told America's New York Post newspaper. The restaurant was packed with transvestites, gay men and drag queens, which obviously made bust a little bit edgy. A lot of you find Josh in that restaurant. Well, at the 11th street diner. When a young gay guy came up behind bust and stepped him on the shoulder, congratulate him on his recent comeback. He added, before the guy could even mutter a word, bust a turn around and repeatedly scream, why the F.U. touched him, man, get the F away from me. Why you F and uh, it's claimed the breaking as rapper then whispered one of his bodyguards. I hate Faggots man. I hate F and Faggots. What about the world and stuff that to them? Yeah. Times has believed to still be upset by the murder of one of his minders and longtime friends Israel Ramirez in February. Oh, Israel Ramirez, good you, boy. The father of FU was fatally shot in the chest outside of Brooklyn warehouse in New York where the rapper been filming music video with fellow hip-hop legend, Missy Elliott, and she even remembers Tony, Eio and Lloyd Banks. I'm over there, son, working on my Eio. Get that Yale, by the way. Oh, yeah, y'all, what do I know? Yeah, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all. Tony, y'all, who, and Lloyd Banks. Yale. Where do you go to school? Probably Yale. Think? That would be good if you were there with your a president. I know. I've got an article here that I'm so excited about it. It makes my knees rigid. Oh, this is so good. Because I'm the one been screaming about him as NBC. Why do you want to outdo Faggs? Why do you have to have Chris Matthews on that Fony and that right wing, a reader across me from Faggs who can't speak and a guy with a bow tie, mother Tucker Carlson. And every other Nazi that comes down to Pike. Why? That's the obvious. If you want to audience. Why? And here's the proof of putting finally happened. And by Tony, yesterday about Keith Olderman beat the pants of it. I had a stupid bitch, right? On CNN. Paul was one. He would be more so ugly. Well, Paul, well, Paul. That was stupid bitch when you talked about that one. That one, yeah. I was supposed to all the other ones. Like Mrs. Limbaugh and Earl Phillips. And then a bag. But leave out solid ad with a little shrunken head. Hey, solid ass, small potatoes. Okay. She's just a bimbed. How do you say this name? Sank. You, Y, G, you are. Hey, hey. Oh, hey. Oh, hey. Okay. Anyway, so the Huffington Post and the Histories had like, Olderman proves the obvious. And I've been sentenced for a long time. But when somebody else says it was got a little bit of credibility. He says I'm fed all queen on a radio who's talking about candy all day. Then it has some significance. By the way, this reminds her of her described as wife is Vigas a house. So much she's in the family way where he thinks like that. She's not pregnant. He's just a cow. Oh, good. Got all the money. I just put it on there. Anna, that's three people all morning long. We've been hockin' this with this, this sole survivor. And then did you notice the other guy is skinny as a rail? The guy has arrived her husband. Yeah. Yeah. Fatton skinny. What's about? He's got some issues. Yeah. He had collapsed long. Yeah. He's like in a lawland. He's like shuffling around. Yeah. He even spoiled the idea. He survived though. Yes, he did. That's a single line. He survived. Yeah. Always patting him on a bank. Yeah. You know why he's finished? Because she's eating all the food. Keith Obermann just made everyone's job easier, right? Sank. From now on, it'll be easier to criticize the administration on television. It'll be easier for liberals to get hired in the media. It'll be easier for television executives to make programming decisions. And most importantly, it'll be easier to get to truth to the American people. For some time now, I've been saying that TV executives are crazy. Not to book counter programming on cable news by putting a liberal alternative to the countless conservative talk shows on TV. This is especially true when most of the country can't stand this Republican president. It doesn't take a genius to figure out that if the president has appropriated in the 30s, that perhaps people will watch a show that takes the opposite side of the president. Fox News created an empire by opposing a president. And Clinton was much more popular than Bush. It might not take a genius to figure this out. And thank God, thanks God, because TV programmers are no geniuses, but once they do exceedingly well is copy whatever works. Now that Obermann has proved my point right by moving past CNN in the ratings, TV executives should be scrambling as we speak to get more opposition voices on the year. Anyone got filled on a news number? No, not him again. Just his old ass off again. Talk to your host, our famous for taking credit. And how about that great show where the what's his name? What's his name? The wrestler, Jesse of Inchurro. Oh, right. He did one show. And that was about the shortest TV experiment in history. It was like the first time Letterman was on the year. He did, well, I think we'd less than one week. Some kind of a daytime talk show, which 1230 left and remember that? And that was the end of that. Then they stuck him on what everybody was asleep. Talk show host, our famous for taking credit for their predictions, which are usually fudged or already obvious, I told him the sun would rise tomorrow and it did. I know a section. My prediction falls into the patently obvious category. Here's what example of what I had been saying about the promising possibilities of liberal programming on cable news. How about this phrase for a strategic direction? Put out at least one person will represent half the country we voted for a Democrat, and will now cancel and Bush. That figures up about 60% of the country at this point. Does anyone want to make money in this country anymore? Or then half the TV audience is just sitting out there waiting to be scooped up. And there is a one television executive sensible enough to go print them up. Olderman isn't anyone's definition of a flaming liberal. He's just a reasonable voice of opposition to the insanity and incompetence of this administration. He doesn't make a big point about being a Democrat or a liberal to my analogy doesn't make this point at all, partly because of my not be true. From time to time he takes on the administration and it can share the talk show host, and he does so with increasing fervor. And would you look at that? What do we see now, but much, much better ratings? His ratings have gone up 41% the last year while a rallies have gone down, 24% and he's just passed the insipid policy on. By the way, when's the last time someone said, hey, did you hear what policy on had to say? Olderman is rallying from being significantly behind having practically no lead in. Or rallies been around for much longer. And Olderman has really come that close to catching him yet, but obviously he's trending way up in a rally is trending significantly down. That's the kind of language TV program we're going to understand. Now imagine if he had a really strong voice of opposition on TV. One thing or I need to as right is that he doesn't miss his words or hide his positions, though he does comically pretend to be fair and balanced. Like him or not, a rally is a booming voice for his side. Now imagine if the opposition had an equally strong voice on the other side. In the latest polls, not only is Bush's disapproval rating, you were above 60%, but it's strongly disapproved numbers and astounding 45% strongly disapproved, and basically means 45% of the country hates him, like poison. Imagine how excited they would be to tune into a program which automatically takes on this president. Oberman's ratings are the tip of the iceberg TV is exevenistair rushing to the lifeboat soon and try to find liberal shows. If you're still uncomfortable with the word liberal because you've been brainwashed by the right, into believing it's a dirty word, then use some other word to describe the majority of the country that doesn't support his administration, but arose by another name, smells just as sweet when the ratings come in. One rating successfully gets another. The first ones in on the trend benefit most, Oberman already has a leg up, and God bless him, he's earned it. The question is who's next? Will it be Jack, Cavity, a CNN? Can you believe they hired the loadsome Glenn Beckty of the day instead of just one person represent the other who will have the country? But hey, CNN, Titanic, are all deck chairs in place? I don't know who's next, but I do know there's now hope for the future, where long way from a balanced conversation on cable TV, having as many liberal hosts as conservative hosts still seems unimaginable, but we will get their one rating successfully at the time. So Oberman might have taken one small step for MSNBC, but he's taken one giant leap for the country. I'm not having an interest. I like that, did I just say that? I'm a dead end for a long time. He's the only one, and Jack Cavity occasionally, and of course, Lou Dobbis during his born again conversion to anti-vushism. Was that Bumper's sticker, you know? Oh, yeah, I'm going to read that. That's the most reads that I've had the one about the Bumper sticker because it had the awardee. Yeah, I say it. I've had the award and had the I-word. Right. Just amazing to me, you know, who might have choose, you know? One of the read stuff that's fine because Jack's worse feverishly on it, he could be out having a good time with Zack on the 11th Street Diner. But no, he sits there working over a hot computer. So I was in in 22 votes already. Ready for that? Ready. Look at that LA agrees to pay a family a staying map for a million bucks. Victoria's the IG, who's real con, who's real name actually with Christopher Wall. Who's real con? I like his red, the sea misses on the bus, she can't get it all straight enough. As real crime was what they called music. That was a crime against humanity. Now, a thousand and twenty two votes, but I don't want to read all of these. Do I? Go down a whole list. I'll get it to the leaders. Okay. It's too many on here. What's your all-time favorite candy? Not necessarily a candy bar, candy. Something sweet. And it was that would say. Yeah. Yeah. Snickers 138. He just Josh. What's the shirt? It's a good one for the eight. The reason is 97 now. Maybe you can explain to me again because I don't see, I don't like mushy candy in the first place. And although I do like peanut butter by itself, it's mushy. So I don't like it in the candy. I don't like peanut butter by itself. And I'll tolerate it with talking. The job will have to explain it. So what's the difference between races and races pieces? Reces pieces does not have chocolate. It's peanut butter with a candy coating. Yeah. Some of the other, I mean, I was a bad person. Double-fat. Yeah. Snickers 138. Reces 070. 97. Oh, I don't. That's Reces peanut butter cup. I'm assuming. M&M 45. M&M peanut 34. Hershey Bar 33. Well, I'm going to tell you. You people also like vanilla ice cream. I'm sure. Hershey Bar, your favorite candy. Kip cat 31. Butterfinger has got. Bought to it man. Mounds also has got. Bought to it man. Two must come here is 28. Twix 27. Almonds boy. Twenty-seven. Twenty-seven. You're going to have to eat it. Yeah, I love it. That's all right. That's all right. That's all right. Baby was fun. Hey, listen, I got news for it. It's better to be wanted. You know, you can't always be wanted by whom you want to be wanted, but it's better to be wanted. Better to be in demand. Well, I should be happy about this then. Day up, but you're not. Baby was 24. He's bar 24. That's good stuff. Oh. See, I can't make a combine between score and Heathbar. Heathbar. I think it's a little more toffeeish. You know what I mean? Right. I mean, they're both toffee and side, but milky way 22. Chunky 21. Now it's chunky. That's the square of the chunk. Right. The big block of chocolate. Right. 100 grand 19. Turtles 19. I'll learn you to do a few of these. Look, we're 18. Watch him with college grad 17. Raisinette six. Oh, raisingette. Oh, I got a pair of those. I got a pair of those. Still he's just thinking about that, huh? I said, I got a pair of those. Oh, seriously. Raisinette's those are nasty. There they're whatever they're. Raisinette. They're nasty. They're like an accident. Like somebody spilled chocolate on a bag of raisins. The goobers are better. Yeah, goobers. Lots of goobers. How's the gomer pile, though? It's tired. Do you do in just fine? You're fairy. 11.15 already at five. 60. WC. Five substations. Well, he's older than Turkey. Hell, 11's part's earned. So, Mike Wallace says he won't call it quit. He's been there for a while. All his clothes on his style. He's got gray hair on there. His armpits. 16. Man, it's his sand. There's losing their granddad. But like Wallace says it's time to go. He's got gray hair on there. It's like Wallace says it's time to go. He's got a gray hair on there. He wears glasses when went wild by a person there. He's got a gray hair on there. To help your heart is tired. These come to every spot, say they escape this room. Be any hands of time, make it to be a good man. It's terrible I won't let it go. It's a lot of 20 to find 16 guests who will be left with one offer to be so obvious. It's obvious. It's on this list, by the way. You need to come on all the candies because it's your own A.U.A. That's really. Yes. It's only when you ate in this particular way. All right. It's out of the dispenser. Paz. Right. Paz. We just had a thing about faz, didn't we? We had about Ron whatever his name is. Fendington. Anyway, paz. Paz candies. And you put pop in it. And you put a cigarette lighter. And just, uh, keep it fucking up. Keep popping out. Paz and chew right out of there. Not if I just heard for the next fundraiser, we're going to have the O'Riders Paz dispensers. Shake like your head. I got a news for her. I got to meet him for a minute. What did this hear? Really weak. Really? What do we got? $4. I've got to buy a car. We got a car. So, it's just $4. So, it's just a $4. I can't even afford it. I'm going to get it. Very, very weak. I can't even afford it. It's the exact idea all the way around, but we're going to be doing this again. It's not going to be a game anymore. I'm going to be doing this again. If you don't worry about it, the pressure's off. $4.044.044.044. If you don't worry about it, the pressure's off. that out right from the get-for way. It turned out to be a big joke. Oh, well, what's this all of a, huh? My goal is 300,000. Sam the sham. He put the sham in sand. All time favorite candy, I'm only reading the top buff you. Snickers 142, Reese's 101, Reese's, oh. M&M is 46, M&M P, M34, and Hershey Bar 34, and Butterfinger 31, and KitKat 31, KitKat, sucks to, and Monsido, KitKat, my ass. No, they go. We don't have that to a SchmidtKat one anymore. I looked at it, not in mine. Really? I'm looking for now, I'm getting got it. I got this though. Chan. And we got chaps. What's the name of that thing? So, the children's of the service. Okay. Yeah, we already played that last week. I think once every six months is safe for that. Bob, the track is in Harvey Wasserman. Remember them? Yes. All of a sudden, I've read about the voting scandals all the way to my Sheen's mind. Well, they've got to the co-authors of how the GOP stole America's 2004 election and is rigging 2008 available at freepress.org. They're also co-editors with Steve Rosenfeld. What happened in Ohio is simply published by new press. And this story from Columbus Freepress is, is the mainstream media finally getting half to rig voting my Sheen's story. It says the fact that electronic voting my Sheen's don't work my finally be sinking into a segment of the mainstream media. The fact that evoting my Sheen's can have been in will be used to steal elections continues to go unreported. At least the corporate media is moved from framing the allegations of evoting fraud as conspiracy theory into reporting epic horrors on election results. Both USA did they end the New York Times of Rondration articles on the mechanical problems surrounding electronic voting that mirror much about happening effectively present until election in Ohio in 2004. A March 28th USA today's front page reported that primary voting machines struggles raised concerns for the general election. The straight focused on primaries in Illinois and Texas were all two familiar problems that include more votes being counted than the were registered voters and thousands of votes missing from a recount. Even Texas voters couldn't agree with the fact that initial ballot telly in Fort Worth showed 150,000 votes even though they were only one third that many voters. Do you hear that? I heard it. The initial ballot telly from the voting my Sheen showed 150,000 votes even under only about a third than many people voted. The conservative Republican candidate for the Texas Supreme Court believes he was legitimate winner in a racie officially seen to have lost. Various reports indicate there were vote counts in the election that were like many in Ohio in 2004 simply not credible, in other words. On March 23rd the Times had a tour of lies in support of a unanimous resolution by the Maryland legislature to dump die bold touch screens and use up to scan paper based systems in state. The movie just delayed this indication of common sense to start a prevailing the battle over electronic voting said the Times. The USA today article featured a graph showing the hundreds of millions of dollars being spent out of the help America vote act, Hava. To install electronic voting machines and key state taxes California New York Texas Florida everyone are Pennsylvania in Ohio. Yet the evening machines are just part of the digital problem facing U.S. voters, diagonals election software packages and full of many activists described as one stop shopping for election fraud. Most of the e-boting machine companies also sell software to create digital electronic voter registration databases and the Cleveland Arena estimated 7,000 voters were knocked off the voter registration rules and when Ohio hope your county board of elections adopted the die bold registration system. The e-voting machine companies can control everything electronically from voter registration election election day vote recording to final vote tabulation and recounting whatever it only won. New Jersey Times, nor USA did it in the radio the major national publications have been willing to take the problem with logical conclusion. None of seriously investigated how these very electronic machines were used to help steal the presidential election Ohio in 2004 or to defeat two electoral reformers who know how 2005 or diswain key U.S. Center races and places such as Georgia Minnesota and Colorado in 2002. But the fact that these publications are finally acknowledging the obvious overwhelming mechanical glitches with these machines is at least a start. Now that the government accountability office is confirmed electronic voting equipment is easily hackable for mass vote stealing and other the time the US today reported that there are serious mechanical problems with these machines. Maybe somebody of these media outlets will find a complete obvious conclusion. Electronic voting machines are merely high-tech devices designed to steal elections and that precisely is why George W. Bush is in the White House today. This is New Ruggers. This is by 162A. That's very far. What you see on. That very far. If you may fool someone with the acolyme. Why is everybody trying to drug kiss me? Everybody say an Iteam Royce. That's Dave Hagen next to the hump of their head like blow up the picture to see these are some of these pictures aren't the best quality. No, we are going to happen to Dave Hagen. He went off to New York. I believe I see with Tom Hagen. That's right. He can help. Good. That's the luck and he was a good guy. If he was. All the time, favorite candy. Snickers 144 races 105. That just makes me feel so much better about my taste. Anybody tells me I got bad taste in food and movies music. You're full of crap because I see New York taste. The no ice cream and Reese's peanut butter cuffs. Oh, fat. Man, you talk about crap for goiam. Holy moly. 560560. Oh, look at that. They got like, oh, the last days of John Paul the tooth on CNN. And there's a Jesus with that blood on his forehead. He was there for that. Oh, man. W2AM. Hello. Mister. You can't be on the market for a year. Hershey's take five. Oh, you see that. I've never tried. Oh, that's a mental, isn't it? No, no, no, no. Yeah. I meant chocolate. No, there's no, man. It's chocolate. You know, you're talking about the new kisses. It's chocolate with peanuts and peanut butter. Ooh, and you put it on your face. Yeah. Okay. Also, when your sponsors are like a really common good group. Five, six, seven, five, 60 pound, five, 60 million. Like, you're just trying to run. You're just like that other guy that wanted to talk about it. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, right exactly. Yeah. Now from across the street, man. Forget about it. Good try. We have, in fact, bad try. pound five, 60 million of Verizon. Sing it a rital son. Maybe we're going to put that on our business guys. A studious, a studious, a studious. We got enough to rest already back there in sales with any external health. Okay. Believe me, they got their own issues. I think the word is LIFE life. I have no life. WQAM hello. Animus to Neil. Yes, sir. In honor of today's poll, I would like to have an nostalgic play of the candy bar song. Yeah, yeah, right. Hold your breath. Huh? We haven't much to listen to really play candy. What was that? Nothing wrong with that, but either. No, it was pretty tragic. Some of not as tragic as what we got going on now. QAM hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Excellent. I don't know if you've heard of this candy because I just turned you got... I just turned on the radio station. It's called a Charles Stinchue. Yes. You've heard of it? I've heard of Charles Stinchue. There you go. Okay. Well, let's see. We can put that on there. Let me take a look and see what it is. See if I know it. It's all in some of the list. Not on our list. Uh... Charles Stinchue. You just click on it. This is a great website. Let me see it again. Oldtimekampy.com. Oh, I don't recognize those wrappers at all. The one and the one currently orange one looks like a wrapar of a Clark bar. That the Eastwood Babbard was a strawberry or vanilla flavored nugget with delicious chocolate coating. That sounds damn good to me. New get... Sweet chocolate strawberry or vanilla flavored nugget with the delicious chocolate coating. There are the large 1.8795 bars, a box of 24.7999. If you need to hold boxing, you can sit and I'll sit in each. On the pack of pack bag page. Yeah, I just kind of wonder. How is... I don't get it. I guess he has a food company, you know. Uh-huh. Oh, and then they've got the history. I didn't realize this. Not only have they got the place to order it. And like memories of people who enjoyed it. But then there's history on each bar. Right. That's how I found the... It might have been this very same page. Uh, but only cross was a Shakespeare and active performing before audiences in San Francisco in the early 1900s during one performance. He fell off the stage and drink his back. The injury ended his acting career, so he looked for other fields to conquer. In partnership with Charlie Fox, Cross opened the Fox Cross Candy Company in Emoryville, across the Bay from Frisco in 1920 with a candy bar called The New 2. The candy bar that made looks like a Chinese thing, CHU. The candy bar that made the company famous however was lost until 1922 was named after the dance. The dance craze and the full swing at the time, the Charleston. It was made of an ill-ass flavored new good-curled milk chocolate. But the chocolate and strawberry Charleston shoes introduced in 58. Sounds good. Damn it. I don't want it. And the wine. Charleston shoes won the earliest candy bars to capitalize on these to the freezer in the home refrigerator. Many of Charleston's shoes lover has enjoyed their treat by freezing, and then smacking on our hard service to create many by size pieces. Yes, smack it. And the candy, too. The shape of the bar changed a bit over time, but this is the look of the ingredients. Our dish is great as the ever did 80 years ago. I want to share with the company's chain several times. Today Charleston shoes are made by the Tootsie company. Well, I'll be damned by the Tootsie company. It must be an Africa. Five by Tootsie Charleston shoes. You ever had one either? You guys? I don't think so. That's not me. I don't think that's really good. But like I said, I'm not getting no candy. That would be really a bad move. The idea is just to talk about an enjoy savoring the memories. Not like going and ordering a whole bunch of this stuff and making yourself sick and getting your blood sugar up to about 900 going into a diabetic coma. You idiots. How many QAM? Hey, George. Yep. Oh, this meal. Both. They both. Yeah, I got that one bar, zero bar with one or two history on that. Did you see on it? Yeah. I think they were looking at the ratings across the street. Sorry. Okay, I'll look forward. We really want to hear the history. See, why did I start that? I don't know. Oh, well, what's the history of M&M? What's the history of peanut butter? We got your history over here. The zero bar. There it is. It's on here. I don't know if they have a history of it. Oh, no. A little history. Very little good. Oh, I don't like those. I'm seeing the picture on a hate though. Maybe they had history on it. No, that's got like a, oh, yeah. Caramel peanut butter almond nougat. Covered with white food. See, I'm not into white chocolate. I don't like it. Fair. The Hollywood candy company got it starting out of the famous California city, but a Hollywood and not even in Florida, Hollywood Minnesota in 1912. Originally introduced as the double zero bar, the name was changed to zero in 1934. Today's zero is a made by Hershey. Oh, no, what are they suck? Other famous candy bars have ended by Hollywood in milk, our milkshake, payday, and a 747 bar. Only the payday is still being made. It's a milkshake milkshake bar. Sounds familiar to me. Think they were very similar to like Mars to a few mountain musketeers. 560, 0560, pound five 60 and this is the kind of stuff that's killing us. Okay, just one thing that right now, it's killing all of us. Okay, it tastes really good and they manufacture it in a way that really sweet so that you like your taste buds do with tap dance when you eat it and you want more and more and more and more. And more and more. Okay, it's fine. He'd like a whole lot of cases of me on the same. Yep. You can't eat only one. And that's true with me if I have a candy one candy bar. The idea of one candy bar if I'm in that mood for candy bars, the idea of eating one is so ludicrous to me. You know, unless you're on the go, unless you're going somewhere, you're lucky in a cab or in the car, you have like a sniffers. Not for energy, you forget about the energy, you forgot just for the taste good, right? Right. Satisfy that sweet tooth. Come to QAM, hello. I knew. Yes, sir. In the late 70s and early 80s, they had the Reggie bar. We're going to get the Reggie Jackson. And we've mentioned that the other day, but it's not on this list. Oh, it's not. Okay. A caramel cream. Is that there? Caramel creams. Yeah, the caramel with the cream in the middle. Yeah, bulls eyes. Yeah, caramel creams. Okay. There's another movie theater or candy. Oh, you're on the... The counter should have been on your list just a very much... Oh, for my show guys, that's right, but he was... Yeah. He was something. Oh, he thinks. He played for the Dodgers. He wasn't gay. What's wrong with it? It'll be baseball players. That's right. Chuck got what? Huh? There's no fags in baseball and hockey, certainly. But football in NFL. I mean, the Dave Copay rhymes with... Yeah, you're like that. All these stories. Now, when guys shower together, they have to feel very secure. Very much. For example, if Joshua to shower with Zack, he'd probably be looking over a shoulder. And now here at Garen Tia, there'd be no soap in that shower, strictly body wash. Although sometimes the bottles get a little bit slippery. Wait, he's the hair hose. That's the box. He's 5, 16, 16, 18. No, that's the board. Even loves the Oradgers. Yeah. I am. That's the reason. Paris. I want you all to know, this place you're directly into my face as I hear you. Despite the rules to the country, I am a man, running, to fight the smiling now, and then I am. I brought up an event in my own 10 million dollars. This is a new effort with only 27 million. In a cross city measure, these are a real resting place for each morning over. No, that is my duty. And it's actually a deckmark offer on the 60th or another. And this morning, these are the tapers for the bill. I even had a makeover and it's really bad for more people to make me the position that the chair was on. And in life, the Oradgers, my pretty special family, 79, and outer. So, they neither you were too. It covers the summer, my body, she is. By growing in her eyes. And the dance is my name. The day you, I hold by, and I want to make you the best in your life. And I want to make you the best in your life. That's the only thing I've ever done. Who seems Kathy Harris is a fan, whoo, woe, woe, woe, woe, woe. It's 145. Spend it all, Kathy, go ahead, spend it all, every last dime. We'll see you tomorrow at Super Kitchen. Here's somebody who says in York, obviously. Goldenberg's peanut shoes. If you're not from any, if you're from New York, you might know it. The yummy says Paulette. Goldenberg's peanut shoes. All right, never heard of this. I never heard of it. You'll show it on there. List. Representative Cynthia McKinney, and of course, a misfog made a big stimulus about this. I'm sure Richard Miller and scape had one of his, a henchman on the phone. Hey, I'm Matt. Hey, Matt. You're fair. Yeah, yeah. Big deal. Representative Cynthia McKinney and police officers scuffle the S. did after the Georgia Democrat entered the House Office building. I'll recognize and refuse to stop on acts for the US Capitol police. McKinney, I think it's a racial thing, misfog. McKinney, a six term Congresswoman, a representative of an Atlanta struck the officer, according to what account. A police official said that and they were conflicting accounts. The official was not authorized to speak publicly about his and spoke on an incondition of course of anonymity. No charges of her file. McKinney issued a statement Wednesday saying she read the conversation. I know that Capitol police are securing our safety and appreciate the work they do. I've demonstrated my support for them in the past continues to support them now. Members of Congress don't have to walk through the middle of the technicals. The interbuildings on Capitol complex. They were fulfilled. Lepelp. I didn't find them as members. McKinney, we've seen this where her pin is recognized by many officers. The police official ended adding that she wasn't wearing it when she ended the House Office building early Wednesday. By one of police accounts, you walked around a mentally desperate state. The police were not allowed to stop several times when she didn't stop. The officer tried to stop her and she struck him. She said, in her statement, McKinney said, most members of Congress are Capitol police to recognize them. She was very apologetic. I did not have a my congressional pin, but show the police officer my congressional ID. McKinney was defeated in 2002 after she implied on a talk radio show that the Bush administration might have had advanced notice of the 911 terrorist attacks. She won back the seat two years later in 2004 with 64% of the vote. Republican circulated in the email loading that McKinney's party had the same day announced an election year after the commission of their commitment to ensuring the information security. On a day when Democrats unveiled their national security agenda, it's probably not a good idea to allegedly strike a police officer said Ron Bon-Gene, spokesman for the House Speaker Denny Hester. It's not a good idea to allegedly strike a police officer. And if you actually go ahead and do it, that's even a worst idea. I'd like that. Just grasping for straws. Mercer's my favorite candy bar is Google Cluster. I never heard of it, you know. Hey, what's on here? Holy, holy, but see, when you look at the package, then you realize, then they will fear you. Do you hear that? Google? No, clusters. Google Clusters, there they are. I never seen, oh, the only thing they look like? What? They look like ice cream sandwiches. They're the round ones who makes that. Neko and Nestleys, they make those round ice cream sandwiches. The fat one. Oh, everyone does, though, they. Clawed it. It's one of the original candy bars made of milk chocolate, peanuts, caramel, and marshmallow. Oh, that's marshmallow in there. It has a good. Let's get that on the pool of Google Clusters. These boxes, those you'll be doing Google and Pupu. In 1901, how old Campbell a Tennessee candy maker thought of a standard candy company in Nashville, originally located in the Avenue and Downtown Nashville, Mr. Campbell, a 19-year-old entrepreneur, had big dreams for the new candy company. His philosophy was simple, he was only the finest, most wholesome ingredients combined with time, care, and experience to make collections of outstanding richness and flavor. The business soon grew in a way of flourishing family enterprise that became known throughout the area for less this instrument of high quality confections and collections. The first product sold by the company were hard candies in Chocos, Mr. Campbell's most well-known candy, the Google Cluster, was a completely new and revolutionary candy invention. In 1912, America's first combination candy bar was developed. Newl Campbell was the very first confectioner to make a candy bar with multiple ingredients, in other words, or than just solid milk chocolate. How do you like that? Talk about informative. My God, you might be on jeopardy someday. Newl Campbell, a hollow candle, whatever his name is. What if he's clinging to a John Campbell? Or Robert Campbell, the professor. He made Google Chocos by compiling peanuts, caramel, marshmallow, and milk chocolate together, and they're literally round cluster. Google's originally sold on Wrath in a big glass candy jar. People of the delicious, new confection and Google Cluster soon became the company's best selling product. Howl Campbell? Nice sighting? You look at the picture or not? No. It says, as a kid, my favorite was always one cent candy because the vacation code bottles to my candy. Remember that? You take the code bottles back? That's right. No deposit, no return. BB bags, it says, look up. Oh, Mary Jane. Oh, Mary Jane. Oh, wow. No, that's not that list. When you see the picture of this, then you'll know. That could be the winner. That's that's my favorite. Very good. Mary Jane, we'll look him up. Put it on it. You're clicking on it? Find it. Mary Jane's. There they are. And they're, oh, that's my favorite of all time. And you know, the interesting part of it is this bite-sized peanut butter and the last is candy, which the peanut butter isn't mushy though. There you're looking at it? No, okay. But the little yellow wrappers with the red, the hand opened them up. Oh, come on. Mary Jane. Then Josh, no from Mary Jane. Oh, yeah. I'm very familiar. No, come on. Seriously. Let me take a puke of that. No, I'll have to. Have you ever saw those? I've never seen it. I'm looking at it. I'm looking at it. And you see the picture and you never saw those? There they are. Yeah, yeah, I've had those. Get out of here. Those are fabulous. Put that on the pool immediately. Mary Jane, this is going to go zooming to the top. I'm going to change my clothes. I like it. Get a run. What? I think like, get a runny sort of. A runny little bit. A little bit like that, but they're not that hard. They're not going to put your teeth out like the ones with my asses. Yeah. Oh, I got those. Huh? Get out of here. Yeah, I'm not a big fan of that. Go away. Thank you. You're so full of it. Oh, no. You're going to buy them, Jack. He's a hard ass. Well, a box. A box of 160. Yeah, that picture. I mean, listen, we got like a real attitude man. PWA, pump with an attitude. A box of 160 is nine. That must be after you found out as deal was a beat six. Nine something. A case of 12 six ounce bags is 14 99. Now those I would eat. You don't need to hold bus or case. Single six ounce bags available for a buck 49. A six ounce bag that would have you over the lunchtime at two o'clock. Ooh, you don't like those? No. Oh, I haven't seen those in years. Those are awesome man. Mary James. Hmm. But I had a banana, a bitch's animal with that is. Sorry. See that? But I had a bitch's animal with that is. Kits and long times. Also, Chickostics. I beg your pardon. Yeah, no Chickostics. And it's Chick on a stick. Oh, there it is. Chickostics is on there. Now I don't think I know what that is. See this is an interesting one. You want that website because then you can see the picture by Mary Jane. I'll wait and have to see the picture. Mary Jane is like to will set me free. I have a case of those on. I'll never have to worry about anything. Chickostics. Clicking it. And never seen that. Do you ever see that? Chickostics. Why does he say peanut butter when toasted coconut? Oh, fat. Peanut butter and coconut. Who? That is right. Bye bye to the Chickostics. Stick it. Okay, thanks more for the Mary Jane. How come he's the first guy that it's almost noon already? And he's the first guy with Mary Jane. Those things are awesome. I don't care what you say. See in the bitter honey is a pain in the ass because the packaging. A lot of times the wax paper where you peel it away. It sticks to the candy. Roast and? Because they're they're packed as like in six little pieces. I think bitter honey. I think it's six. Whatever they eat. And you have to peel back that kind of wax paper in inside. Think inside the package. And it sticks to the damn candy. As opposed to Mary Jane's. Oh, I'm going out giving you a bucket of those. So George will be on tomorrow. WCWAM. Hello. QAM. A new that's a nice man purse that Josh has in that picture on your homepage. Pretty soon. 30 QAM. Hello. Yes sir. How are you sir? Excellent. You're a son great. You want to know this seems to be missing. Yeah, chronic. Chronic. No it's eating. Or for the mirror and think you a whole hear yourself. 3D. So how many QAM? Hello. Yes sir. That's all is the best. Oh. I'm listening. What is that? That's not me. Yeah, it's Neil. Let's Neil trust me. I wouldn't lie to you. What do you got? That's he's lying to me. Absolutely the best. The best. Everything else. The best. Do you or Dally? Do you or Dally is one? Oh, chocolate. Come on. Put me on. He's listening on the radio. When our 80s second delay cases up you'll be out. You'll say, and you'll look at him and say, boy am I an A whole two? Yeah, you'll be out there. You'll be out there. It's going around. Put you on. Come on. Put me on. Yeah, I think you're putting us on. He's talking about like, see, we didn't really do that. Well, we did. We partially did that because we put like a link on there. We put other things that sell in box. Yeah, like any farmer's fan. We didn't put that on there or, you know, he's talking about your Dally's shot. Or we could have put on a good diver. You want to put on a good diver chocolates? Okay. We cut her like the ethyl ends and stuff like major. You're an asalem, so be good. Yeah, although, so well, that's our right because we did the same with length. That's generic. We can't, they just make too many different kinds. We can't do that. We could, but it would be really pondress. I can start reading list today and finish about a week from the circus. It'd be kind of stupid. Not actually a big good way to kill some time. But no, we could put G.R. Deli's on there. I don't know if I ever had that. It's like a New Yorker, a fully kind of a thing. I don't know. Because there's different regional like farmers fanty is big in the wing with an upset in the fray. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. But that's a lemme certainly deserves a shot. Don't you think? Absolutely. I mean, especially for that new get thing. I can still hear it. It's called crispy, not crispy crunch, but crispy or something. It'll be new get. Is that what it is? It's crunchy frog. You know, you know the ones I'm talking about, right? Yeah. Ooh. Man. So, sickening me sweet, nauseating. And that's a whole idea because the sweet rid is the more we want to eat just eat like ten pounds of it. Like peanut brittle. Do you ever go to stupies and give peanut brittle? Yes, I know. And that odor. I've gone to stupies, but I didn't get the peanut brittle. Well, I would say both bad choices. Yeah. Yeah. Now the second one was a good choice. The first one was a really bad choice. When you stop the stupies, it's because you don't have a choice. You know, you're in the highway somewhere. That is correct. All the now with a fast food you want. And every corner once you pull off just about every stop on our way. The second one is a McKee-beez. Is a, huh? And you get your choice of stupies or burger king now. No McKee-beez? Not in the rest of the way. No, not in the rest of the way. There's a Wendy's everywhere. Is everything they got in the front of the highway. We don't have the highway, but I'm talking about at the rest of the right next to the stupies. They have a little like a mini BK now and all the rest of the stuff. At least the D. Yeah, we did. Of course, they're in the rest of the off. You know what the truckers are doing there. This is a meal Roger. Mr. each other. This is 5.16. They go me Mr. Boots and I did it in there to do it well water now. Jump in the taxi car about a driver several times. You look at me so quish the green. I could tell he was in the dark. So I acted out my pop-shared. It was my arms the trees I made. There's no bug speaks English in a model. I went down the mountain and I met Beachwear the weather. There's no sunshine in. I walked in to a little storm. But the guy there's hot sills for now. I asked him for a pint of fortune. Be me just not the end of what does that mean. Nobody's teaching English and I'm more. That's the toilet there, Lee. Hello, I think I've been Pakistan's 15th in this mill. Why you think I'll back to the wall I ran. I'm not that good for the first time. That's a good one. I came here for a year to go. I learned my ABC. I don't say much as gross years. I say pretty much. So get yourself to a classroom quit your American now. Stop making me sick. You know, but it's dangerous. Come on, it's warm. Come on, go to a five-sixy and that is really good. Don't forget, illegal means legal except we want special stuff. Right, just don't get that. I mean, it's just so badly absurd. Like that. And the people who hire them in jail now or across the border better. And you have to leave them. How many jail's we're going to have to go to do that? No, no, just ship them off, everybody. Oh, we don't want to piss off the Arab streets. So borders and walled in bookstores will not stock the April May issue of free inquiry magazine, because it contains cartoons of the prophet Muhammad that provoked those deadly protests among ragged homies and several countries. For us, the safety and security of our customers and employees is a top priority. And we believe the curing this issue could challenge that priority. Boarders, group spokesman Beth Bingham said yesterday. The magazine published by Council for a secular humanism in suburban Amherst includes four of the drawings that originally appeared in the Danish newspaper in September, including one depicting Muhammad wearing a bomb shape turban with lip fused. Islam or tradition bars depicting Muhammad to rent idle worship which is strictly prohibited. It's IDOLs, supposed to IDLE. What does this stake is the precious right of freedom of expression said Paul Kurtz, editor in chief of free inquiry, cartoons often provide an important form of political satire to refuse to distribute a publication because a fear of vigilante violence is to undermine freedom of press or vital for our democracy. Bingham said that the system is maybe for the magazines arrived at the company's stores. Vorders group based in Ann Arbor, Michigan operates more than 475 borders in 650 walled books stores in the US, although not all regularly carried the magazine. We absolutely respect our customers' rights to choose. Absolutely. What they wish to read and buy and we support the first amendment, Bingham said. And we absolutely support the rights of free inquiry to publish the cartoons we just chose not to carry this particular issue in our stores. Sounds like a bunch of double-talk to me, isn't it? Indeed. Well, there you go. A lot of people did now because of a cartoon which is a pretty sick commentary. Let's see, here's a facts from Deb who says you buy a box of Google clusters, most of their old camis, the Cracker Burrell. Maybe you've got to be a Cracker to shop there a Cracker Burrell. Oh yeah, I insist that's what they have to be addressed and I'll send you a box. No thanks Deb. This is like the Smarties Lady of the Hockey Games. No thanks. They just don't get it. No. Even the old Skybar. Oh Skybar. Remember the Skybar? No. I better look at it on the list. Is it on there? But it looks. Yeah, it's on there. Oh, I got to see it. Because it sounds so familiar now. Skybar. Hmm. Even if those little things are that magical place in the sky, either up above or down below. Uh, see, Skybar. Got it? Yeah, I don't recognize that. One and a half ounce candy bar divided into four sections with four different centers. Carmel Vanilla, peanut and fudge covered in milk chocolate. Is that chocolate? Yeah, I think it's big, me for whatever reminds me of something else. There was another bar like that. We're chewing and had like stuff inside. Fill it to fill in. Are you looking at it? Skybar? Try to find it. Oh, what's wrong with you? You mean you are so slow? Jesus. God, I'm supposed to be listening to the other. I'm supposed to be listening to the other. Like in columns over here. Get outta here, my God. I found it before you could say, uh, that one's he's a silly person. Before you could say that. In fact, I found it before you'd say. No. No. Don't can't find it. Where the hell is it? Well, what are you talking about? You can't remind us. I got squirrel nuts zippers. Smoothie. Get outta here. You got a squirrel nut near zipper. Well, that's exciting. Yeah. Skybar. It's under six lifts and above slash six. And slim gyms. Slim gyms is not candy. Slim gyms are candy. Maybe they have a slim gyms candy. Let me take a few with that because we all know what a slim boy would do. Oh, it's different category. The water I can't find out anything. Well, what are you talking about? Like hard candy gum. It's in all the, uh, skybar, skybar. Get with it. I want to see what they say is slim gyms because they got smarty's wrong. Oh, no. They got slim gyms. That's not candy. It says, yeah, we know it's not really a candy, but certainly it's in all the time favorite. What do you know? What good. I'm saying it where this stick it looks. It's like the right shape. Back home guy. Perfect. Oh, I'm not even going to say it. Anyway, give that to a dead sprax. Skybar and nickel. Mary Jane's, horror hounds, et cetera. Also, Turkish taffy candy dots on paper. Oh, yeah. Candy dots on paper, remember those? Mm-hmm. Like nasty dots on the like last paper. Wax lifts. Well, that's a, that's a Jerry Sarner again, the Wax lifts man. Says, puts you right into a coma. Okay, thanks, yeah, but no time. Oh, no, that's not aggressive. I found the real alphabetical listing. Let me bookmark that page. You still haven't found the skybar? Did no. That helps wrong with you. My guy is looking for the alphabetically by category. I wonder if it passes on Mary Jane. Because the other way, there you go. Yeah, I'm obsessed with Mary Jane. Never seen them before. Yeah, I'm saying why. We kind of found a Mary Jane myself. Scary. I've never seen one of my life. But you've seen similar candies, though, they, you, yeah, we've seen a kind of a, there's another one that's, that's like that. And there's another candy bar that's like that. No, but I can't think of which one it is. Well, candy rate makes a lot of ones like that. Can't really, like, it's got filled with stuff. Real, real, somebody who be, what are the normal though? What are you trying to say? You're so good on those calls. You know it. I mean, I'm just going to say it. Hello, can you weigh in? Skybar line. I mean, it's all right. I have time to wait online for Neil, I would like to, I love speaking with him. But just mention this to Neil, she will be throw it out. Okay. And he from San Francisco and old company called C, S, E, E, s. It's famous and very famous. C, C, M, S, M, M, San Francisco. I heard if you'd never meet Sees to live. I'll tell you a lot, pal. I'll tell you. Yeah. Maybe her is happy, would you? Sees. Uh, and so on here. Sends so on here. Sends then I wonder if that's like Fend fan. Ask him the energy. Skittles, do we put Skittles on there? No, we should. I hate those. Oh man, those are crap. Put them on here. We don't have a sweet tart on there either. Just thinking of something that I want to. I don't know. But I like him. Giving put the sour patch kids on there. Just the sour patch. No, seriously sour patch kids. Great big in Canada. Sour patch, touch kids. Uh, Mofia, we got nerds, nerds, any RDS nerds. That's Canada rubber creeper probably likes. You can relate to it. What is a nerd? They're great, man. They're like little, uh, yeah. Little, you know. And those? Yeah. It's a little tiny candy coming to box. Okay, let me take a look, uh, nerd not never saw that box. Never seen no candies. Tiny, tangy, crunchy candy. Yeah. That's a big grape and strawberry flavor. It's like a like grape and strawberry. Hmm. I see it's got like a two colored box. On one side of the box is strawberry. And this side is like, uh, a purple. Right. Nerds. Huh. I'll take your word for it. I'd rather have my Mary Jane. Oh. Where did I find those? And of course the answer is on the other side. I did look yep. Oh, you want the candy? I mean today. Today, a two o'clock. We're not going to find Mary Jane. Good luck to you. Maybe she's hanging out to, uh, 11th Street bar down there with the baby. Yeah, if he felt a candy shop, it doesn't if he felt a candy shop, we never knew. We bust his shorts there. I'm not buying candy, okay. Don't want candy. I don't want it. And they have no need for it. I got my dream field. Post it, sir. It's fills that void, man. It fills the big gap. W2, Q, I am. Hello. Yeah. Yes. Hey, Neil. Are you guys trying to remember Marathon bar? Yeah. Is that what the current is thinking about? No. No. By the way, Neil. Why? By the way, Neil. I am finally leaving to have Florida. Oh. Yeah. But I don't know if you're going to prove where I'm going. But I'm trying to prove what Delva got to say about what you can't hear. I have proven that. Go where you're going to be. Where you going to like it. Where was that? Austin Texas. Well, I'd say, you know, used to be a very liberal place, not anymore, though. Well, let me tell you, man. You're copped a living out there. There's a lot less than a year. Yeah, I'm sure that. You know, I mean, you can dig up Maddo and O'Hare. Maybe she'll own your few bucks. Good luck. But no more hurricanes for me. Good luck in good move. Thanks. Thanks. Yeah. Don't Austin Texas, as well. 567, 0560, 0560, the Verizon, C. C.C. We got over, I think, 1200 hosts on here. 1167, 57, and it's only like, 1211. All the numbers all the time. Nothing wrong with a good number. Hmm, I know. Lemon drops. Remember lemon drops? Yeah. Hmm. Those are like cough drops, really. I mean, it's candy, yes. It's like eating a floor cleaner. Although, Malokup, oh, and I don't see those anymore. Do they still make it? Oh, yes, they do. You see them? I've seen them around. Those are really good. You're biting them, they're like, you bite about half way into that thing. And there's all that, we'll go be marshmallow inside. Hmm. Marshmallow ice cream cones. Now what's all is that? This, this is sickening. This, yeah. We'll show you. We want to apologize right now. This is discussed as like pouring. And the, as way beyond that. Although, I think along the same lines. Marshmallow ice cream cones. What the hell is that? Captain cones, fun time treat. Two cones per pack. I don't, I don't even know what that led is. Have you ever seen that? I never saw that before. And you know what? Just as well. I'm getting right off of that thing. But you can order a mine at website. Thanks a lot, Gary Sardos. He's going to start trying to kill me is what that is. That's why he gave it to you. I just curious if Josh ever had some clean like, you know, come on to him. I'm not talking on the facts machine, but I mean, like, you know, somewhere like, I've never heard of my life. Good. That's good. Don't have to build up all those hostilities and pray. I'll probably some guy like him along and ped you on the back. So hey, you know, cop that you feel here every now and then. You know, realize it. Huh? No. If I may have come up to you like in a bar, I put his, just tap you on the shoulder. You wouldn't like, freak out like, bust a shorts. No, I wouldn't. No. You would? No. See, I'll tell you what, what to me. I was thinking about this during last break because I'm a pervert anyway. And as you well know, the thing to me that is, you'd never give up that day. I knew about what that stronger or what, that no one could think about it. People putting your feet like this. research, that this was actually talking about this. You don't want it to hurt at all. But this is a very short series of, you don't want to hurt at first, a lot of people! Some people hate you. That videoage they didn't work, or some people hate each other, or thosea bits, some people don't want to hurt you. These people are amazing. If some people want to hear you, lackey, could you read ideas for them or whatever else! Aren't there big people with you Displayn, who youalts have their own boundaries? Let are? Discuss huge messages. ball game guy comes out the pitching coach he takes the picture I'd take the ball out of his love he patch him on the ass in the picture you know a trots off of the guy I'll go take a shower by himself or her you don't say yeah Josh knows what I'm talking about I know what you're talking about you see it all the time guys patting each other on the ass that is is I can't even think of doing that it's true you can no I know not a pat on the ass no if I'm a reaching there it's got a different connotation to believe me the same connotation but a different way grab you a handful that's called dancing seems to cheek I'm sorry man but it's just it's so fake yeah or they're like the guy there the guy from the other team you know this this is what bugs me about baseball you know this they're also a tight and so buddy buddy because it's like we got our as we're making millions we're a bunch of dumb Josh you know and the guy from the team gets a hit in the first baseman reaches over and taps him with his glove on the ass is the guys taking his lead off for his base the first space and reaches a few seen that or Josh has seen this is the one who admitted that is the staggy is thing I can't even begin to imagine God no one of this are website about that whole uh fact yeah thing you know just like the priesthood same right that's why the camp and churches are outside about it because they look like a mirror and they said oh that's awesome there are little close to home yeah that's right track a little bit close to all even though we all know that there's no fact in the current you know that or in baseball well definitely not in sports 12 15 at 5 60 WQ I'm just ask can't nearly I mean nearly according to a recent survey Americans keep their matrices for 10.2 years that's like keeping your car for 100,000 miles as Paul coffee if your mattress is 5 to 10 years old is probably not performing like it once did you better call this number 1800 mantras because that's the number for our friends of dollar mantras ranked number one in the world for customers had a specialist absolutely no risk when you order from them too because here's the way it works order a mattress in the inscoer bed and consultant to dollar mantras try it out if you don't like it just call a back at that same number 1800 mantras and no rotation until you are totally satisfied at least with the mattress anyway once you buy it from 1 800 mantras you'll never go back to a shore market I'll bet your fat boys life on it it's a given no because it's so easy just make that one call 1 800 mantras take out the tour window that's convenient for you when you're gonna be home you want to meet your house they'll show up then they take away the crappy smelly old bed instead of the new one and you run away to a great night's sleep tonight and for years to come when you call down a mattress no nonsense no run around no rip off no off-brands anybody ever heard of no shore option and against just factory direct unbeatable prices on the top brands in the world like ceiling and service him and king core temperedic concerns and bananas foster mm now that mattress offers no payments of interest for 12 months call them now like I always do call 1 800 mantras or do your shopping right on their website online at mattress dot com for the best sleep you've ever had in your life 1 800 matt r a s b surely walked the last s because it stands for sensational still pennedess saving this is real rubbish this is 5 16 she isn't tale I can burn and wear a towel on my head. I'm in the sun of the day and I have 16. What do they want with? The money for me or purchase does not go to fund terrorism. Really? It's not time to get off the plane. Just relax and take in easy. To go just down that's your fault. It wouldn't have been a fly or a tube. Find a skin and a ride. If you want, a daydreaming. I know that I'm very ancient, not a classic. What a lie! Ask myself every day, which Americans should pay. Tell me who would move on and slay. I'm gonna share it, but I'm coming to the neck of a woman. She lives a veil and exposes her. So by no catch, even skeletons are there for 19. And you can pay with me some nice regard or weapons of nice destruction. I've never reached that point because you just didn't need to relax, and I figured it ties right in with that mistake. But I confused the gibberish accent. This affects, looks like based on the heteros from your good friend Mark. It could be wrong about that, but it's your list for me. Mark is great. I love Mark. It says, what was that with those dots on paper? First, they were pure poison. Second, you always got the paper attached to the back of the dot. And that says, this is the part that really got me dot. Give them to the arames for their hands. Just know the arames on the other people, man. They're head gear apart. No, you got your head gear and all your schmotheds, all can feel, I don't know. I don't even think the Jews hate the arames as much as the Hindus do. Really? Well, that would probably be like an insult. Like if you call a Dutchman, if you can use them with German, because Dutchman German sounds like a language, that's a biggest insult you can do with this. It's a little country up because they couldn't get along. The hating said the late poisons, so the idea that the arames had the dots, and I'm not saying that, see, it would be like saying, because the Catholic swirled at the smoke that the crap under forehead and ass wins. You can't all your religious crap straight now, Mr. You're going to be in big trouble, Mark, or whatever you are. Oh, and Hank, you guys got off the Vegas and guess what? Just in time, two Vegas stories. I'm sure it's just a coincidence, but Las Vegas companies are putting you in New Extra Large Ambulance into Service Land, Lasier Large Patients. That's good. American medical response called the $250,000 of the Vegas Barrett Barrient Regulant, it's brought it up to the request of the Clark County Fire Department. The vehicle looks like a regular ambulance, but it's extra wide, and has a larger grony, a winch and ramps capable of loading up to $1600. Well, that should get take your hand. He wins and ready to winch when you see it. You see about a crane. Yeah, well, that's pretty much the same. A company official said that in the last six months, AMR is handled 75 calls involving patients who had more than 600 pounds. So, timing on this is very suspicious. That was funny. He said, movie someone that large in a regular ambulance will impose a safety problem for the patient, and for permanent ambulance crew members. Especially like a big slide back out back out of me. Oh, yeah, I can't you take a turn too fast? Let's see. It says, here's one. Yeah, well, watch him and call it on there. Frank, okay, thank you. It said, my favorites since the first came out about 881. Watch him or call it. It's on there. How's it doing? Pretty hard to tell because our list we've got 40,000 candy. Oh, watch him and call it's got 18 rows. It's kind of, I would say, like mid pack. When you say that? Uh-huh. I don't want to take that back, or two pack. 1186 votes is sold out even 1230 yet. 20 years we've got to shout out to 1000. Okay, thanks, Frank. And the other biggest story. Speaking of heavy weightage, the US military plans to date nearly a 700 ton exclusive charge in a test called Divine Strake. That strike strike, I don't know what that means. That'll send a mushroom cloud over Las Vegas as soon as the defensive Hitchell said. Maybe that's the mushroom cloud that kind of Lizzo kept talking about. I don't want to sound good here, but it's the first time in a video, see a mushroom cloud over Vegas since we stopped testing nuclear weapons, a James Tignalia, has a defensive threat reduction agency, divine streak. I think that should be strike. I mean, son, who's this other fellow? What a strike. We also have, it says, ready for this, a seven hundred tonic, exclusively form charger we're going to be putting in a tunnel in Nevada. We have several large penetrators with developing, you said, and that represents to us the largest singular, closer that we could imagine doing conventionally to solve that problem. The image to measure the effect of the blinds on hard, granite structures. If you want to model these weapons, you want to know from a modeling point of view what's the ideal best condition you could ever solve in a conventional weapon, what's the best you can do? And this gets us the best point if you could go on a curve, so it allows us to bring it to a tower effect of these kinds of weapons would be. He said the rest has been notified of the test, which is scheduled for the first week of June, at the Nevada Test Range. We're also making sure that Las Vegas understands he said, so that people in the casino are walking out on the script. Oh my god, it's a war, W. W. W. W. W. Well, she is a cow that poor guy is wife. In fact, maybe that's why he looks so dazed and confused. He said, that's my wife. Oh, God, that's why he kept climbing into the holes. Yeah. No, I got a good line for that. Oh, no. Hey, Randy, go back in there. We'll not there. Okay, we got all the 1188. Let's just do the top few here because it lists as too long. All time favorite candy, Snickers 163. I don't know anybody who don't like a Snickers bar do you? No. Why do you look so into life? Peter, that's right. People would have had peanut allergy. Well, you know what, most of us don't have peanut allergy, so too bad. Just leave us alone. Kind of that crap, aren't you? Rather having almond, but whatever, I'll take it. Boy, in stickers? Yeah, like the Hershey's with almonds and toffee, for example. Oh, that is really good stuff. Snickers 163, Reese's peanut butter cups 1117. Fair. Oh, I would need those if they gave me a thousand dollars to you when I wouldn't, I wouldn't need it. M&M 52, butter finger 38, M&M P not 36. Now those are better. Although those will really send your blood to her just skyrocketing. Kick can't 36, Hershey bar 36. But you know, that list right there other than Snickers and butter finger. That's just not all they're citing, you know? Hershey bar 36, Mounds 32, Prix, and three mouse critiers each have got. God, turn them in. Don't think I ever had a Prix. Let me see, you don't get a lot from a lady. It's cookie with caramel and chocolate on it. Oh, it's fine. No, I don't like cookie ice cream. There are like it, it's non-substantial. How could I say it? There's not a lot there. Yeah, there's a new cursi alleys spot. I guess it's for a Jenny. That's only what she does. Right. She's just a scabby and scankey and cow. She just makes me want her vomit. And then when you told me she was assigned to, I was just kind of like clenched it. Not I need an extra help. cookie go. What a cow. This is a new ruder. Millions have converted for fun and profit. Now you too can turn your pagan ways around at Earl Stratis. We'll convert any gore for just 99.95. That's right. Listen to one of our six cessville graduates. For Kim. I shall love Malakhe. I shall love Malakhe. I shall love. At Earl Stratis, we'll convert anyone into a Jew. Malakhe. I must have left my wallet at home. Millions. Millions. Come Malakhe. Translated means tortoise. Did you make sure to give me a kosher meal? Millions. Malakhe. Come Malakhe. Come Malakhe. Who translated? Yes, Rabbi. The check is in the mail. Yes, you too can convert into a Jew for just 99.95 at Earl Stratis. Act now and get a free yardside candle for just $10. Earl Stratis. Will convert any gore for just 99.95 or more if we can. How to how much the series backwards for Christ's day? 1231 at five six. You don't stay for Christ six. You're going to either a piss off the glam. Speaking of that, Supreme Court says Antonscalia. In a skating weather, the end of the Boston air will accuse the newspaper staff of watching too many episodes of the sopranos for interpreting a hand gesture made of the capitolis of scene. Tobacco is interpretation of the gesture with the anorens of the finger. They didn't get their wrong. Right. It was the arm on the bicep. No. No, wasn't that either. Really? It was the other hand out of the chin. Oh, that was there. Yeah. Tobacco is interpretation of the gesture. Scalia and letter quoted from Luigi Barzini's book, The Attent. Very Luigi Barzini was by the ending all along. The extended fingers of one hand moving slowly back and forth under the raised chin means I couldn't care less. It's no business of my county out like you're losing the playboy said. Count me out. It's a Sicilian message as in local brush. It's with the fish. Yeah, that was also a Sicilian message. Anyway, I made a growing national controversy about the gesture that Scalia made some ethical table of the Holy Cross. The freelance photographer who captured the moment is come forward with the picture and there it is. You'll see it on a website. I just maybe you won't. I tried to send long but for some Alexis acting up. Oh, there it is. Can't believe it. Is it going to send the right thing? Oh yeah. Let's see. Let's see if it actually sends it or if this is just the false alarm. Alexis has been spastic for the. It has its days, you know. Not it's sitting there. It's a good way to send it to a friend or an enemy or anybody else but it's not working. Anyway, it's an accurate and deceptive. I'm going to say there was no volatility in the moment. Said Peter Smith, the Boston University assistant photojournalist professor who made the shot. Despite Scalia's insistence that the Sicilian gesture was not offensive and had been incorrectly characterized by the Boston Heraldes have seen. The photographer said the newspaper got the story right. Smith said the dress immediately knew he'd made a mistake and said, you're not going to print that, are you? Scalia's office yesterday. We've heard questions. We're going to the flat to the Supreme Court's folks from the Kathy Arbery who said it literally is sent to the Herald offending his gesture and take the figure of speech for itself. He has no further comment. It says the Sicilian message. Smith was working as a freelance photographer for the Boston Arts Dicis weekly newspaper, a special man's for lawyer Sunday. When Herald reported to Rasted Justice, how he responds to critics of my question is impartial these judge given his public worship. The judge paused for a second and looked directly into my lens and said to my critics, I say, va fund coolow. Well, punctual and the department. But yeah, exactly punctual and the comment by flicking his right hand out from under his chin. You talking to me? Yeah. The attack in phrase means F U. Yesterday, Herald reported a laurel J. Sweet agreed with Smith's account, but said she didn't hear a scaly out of the of sanity. In his letter he denied the gesture was obscene claim that his claim is to play his mean to sweet a point, go see and Smith dispute. He went on to cite Varzini's book The Italians, which described a seemingly different gesture. The extended fingers of one hand will be slowly back and forth under the raised chin and its meaning. Well, let's see if the authority was doing. It was flicking him out. That's right. Flicking. How could you report a late-to-date conclusion contrary to my explanation of gesture was obscene, Scali, a wrote quite easily, Cornel's, but even if the justice had offered more than a two-word explanation, that's Sicilian Sunday. That was his explanation. There's no answer to what a really means because those gestures have different meanings and different locations. Even a neighboring location said Janet Pavel, a university of Victoria, BC, psychologist who studied human gestures. The gesture typically means, I don't know in Portugal, no, and Nepali, you are lying in Greece and I don't give it down in order to nearly France and Tunisia. So they would be given of the Center for a non-verbal studies in school camp. See, all depends on where you said. That's right. So there you go. So just to shut you mouth. Well, that thing finally went through there. So Josh, you got the picture there. It's Scali of the gesture either today or tomorrow. I want whatever you want to put on. Whenever you get around it, although first I listen to this story. Okay. Okay. Josh. Okay. Well, it's Scott to do with your hero. Oh, my hero? No, not Zach, not that hero the other one. Majorly baseball will investigate. Let's still write use by Barry Rodsen, other players in Pantester, former US Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell to leave the effort. Remember that story? We had the microfluid story from the Daily News yesterday. Yes. Well, he had a stomach on it. He had a stomach on the post. He's a little tired. A baseball official told the AP on Wednesday that final pans were being announced today. It's coming any minute. And the news, too. The official spoke on Finnish new anonymity like all these news because Commissioner Buds Seelik has me, I made his in-sense in the public. But Seelik's decision launched the pro first before the yesterday by ESPNN comes in a wake of Game of Shadows that book by the two quadruple reporters from Frisco, detailing alleged extensive story used by bonds and other baseball stars. Commissioner said for several weeks he was evaluating how to respond to the book. Some encourage it called for another independent investigation. Oh, let's get to Mark McGuard back up on there to deal with the future, certainly not the past. Michel Amane, Democrat and director of the Boston Red Sox has been directed to Florida, Marlins. I didn't know that. Did you know that? No. His been a director of the Marlins and served on the economic aesthetic media at Seaway of Put in 1999. His possible involvement was first mentioned yesterday in New York Times, the name of a lawyer who run the mechanics of the probe also was to be announced. No matter what the findings of an investigation, it would be difficult for baseball to penalize anyone for a steroids use prior to September 30, 2002 when a joint drug agreement between management and the first association took effect. Baseball began broadcasting in 2003, started testing with penalties to following year. I will only comment on things about various on-field performance or contractual status, says Agent Jeff Boris. It's unclear whether the current or former president cooper with an investigation or could be forced to do so. Gene Orzard, the major chief operating officer to majorly prepare the association was Mom, he decline coming. Game of Shadow details alleged use of performance enhancing drugs by bonds for at least five seasons, beginning after the 1998 season. And after hours measured, the effort Mitchell is New York office wasn't immediately be turned yesterday, the daily news first reported Mark 16 that ceiling would lose investigation and who cares, he says a new anyway, but ceiling, but light is but light and income close to describing. Another way, Ed and Fort Lauderdale says the white chocolate alpine bars on my favorite, don't like white chocolate ed. See you talk about things that are sickening the sweet. Yeah, I don't like chocolate. It's not really chocolate. It's chocolate. It's not chocolate. It's chocolate. Like New Orleans. The white chocolate alpine bars on my favorite says, this is by no I stopped eating all that junk food. I've got 36 pounds of my blood pressure and sugar levels back to normal. You go a nice one. We have to try to force anybody although those Mary Jane sound awfully, awfully enticing to me, awfully appealing because of the molasses and when you bite down on the on that chewy, a Mary Jane. As a bird, a bit of honey, with you, a bit of honey is sweet, it's good. But Mary Jane, the molasses kind of like we also sound like. Oh, you don't like molasses? Don't like molasses. Oh my god. Yeah. Molasses syrup. You ever had that like on your flat jacks? I don't eat no flat jacks. That's all carbs man. But your raffles. I mean you have in your life had molasses syrup. I'm sure it's nasty. Probably. Yeah. Well, it's good enough for the woodpeckers. Yeah, they can have my share. And who else eats that? Who else eats that? What other kind of animal eats out of a tree? A deer? What other animal sticks? It's nose in there. Bears? Bears stick their snout in there? Yeah, but they're looking for a bit of honey. Oh, the much better. No, Mary Jane's are better. Maybe I just order a rick. Not a lot. Maybe like 10 cases or something like that. Just, you know, I have one or two now and now. Let's put you over the top. I got a bioc8. 21 to one. Let's see. We have a boat of show is taking a long time today. It just seems like forever with a new. Is that it? So my imagination? I think since the Josh turned Zack down, I was like kind of like, I don't know, was the turning point. Tell Zack to set a picture. Got your picture. Now, let's see his picture. You probably looks like Zack cramps, you know? Just a headshot. Zack, we don't need nothing to do. Oh, no. We want to see the whole body of the full frontal view naked. Oh, god. Remember what we used to do that? Well, we're going to do that again. We're thinking about over the summer. Oh, yeah, when you're on, right? Oh, you were both on, but, you know, no, I like a little bit. Something gimmicky to a couple's contest right away. Some since he prices, whatever. Yeah. And those guys who all those queens would send those, they're full frontal nude. Oh, they'd run Jeremy. Look like Tom Brady. Oh, god. I got a lot of stuff to do. I got a lot of stuff to do. I got a lot of stuff to do. I got a lot of stuff to do. I got a lot of stuff to do. I'm going to work out before I go back to work out. Of course I will still work out here. Oh my, I'm here. It was never an actual spelling. It was a story. He's joined first. I know it could take you in Italian confession and turn it into a Jewish Dilly thing. You see how he spelled G. Our Dellies? No. It's G. H. I. A. R. D. E. L. I. Maybe two wells. He's got G. The initials. G. R. Dellies. Chograd Dellies in like a delicatessen. But E. E. Gregor. He's going to go that. Nice going, Josh. The he leave. He's leaving. I hear what he wanted to say. You're going to fix it. No, he can't fix it. You're right. Just a little even up there. Eric also has to take. It's my bad. I've played that bit. Confused me. Because the conduct bars like an ice cream sandwich. You should have corrected me. I tried to talk to over me. It's an ice cream sandwich. When you were describing that ice cream bar that I said, Clondike Bar and you didn't hear me. Oh. Well, this is Scram one ice cream bar. You were describing a ice cream sandwich. Oh, I'm saying one kind. Yeah. No, that because of the Condike Bar isn't round. But Nestle race one that's round. It's big and fat and tasteless. This absolutely do. Anyway, so this fact says you're right. It's not candy. Kind of. I also said that fiddle felt crunched much in public. We've just reached next night. Really candy. And I don't agree with that. And all of you. Whatever. Why did pick? Get out of here. If Cracker Jack is candy, with nobody would distribute it. How can those other ones not to the same thing? That's all. Yeah. Tone is right. My favorite would have to be gummy bears. It says with Starburst a close segment. We don't have either one of them on her. Do we? We better. Okay. gummy bears. You are jelly. Oh, god. Grig. Great. Great. I don't know. He's the sushi guy. With Starburst. We have Starburst on him. I thought we did. Maybe we don't. How do we? I don't really care. No, I'm not big into that. But it's not what we like. It's what they like. And obviously what we like and what they like are different things, man. They're taste a lot of these people in their toosh. Oh, god. Now we don't have that on her. Starburst. But we will now. And gummy bears. All time favorite candy. This poll is more popular than Jesus. 1232 votes. What would Jesus eat? What would his favorite candy be? He probably. No. You know, we didn't put on here. There is a Cadbury eggs. Okay. The little ones. You know the ones I'm talking about. Right. Well, they're like melted milk balls. No. They're not. Or you turn them up. What's with the goo inside? No, not at all. No, not to those are bigger ones. I'm talking about the little hard ones. Hard chocolate would like a different flavor of codings on the outside. Okay. Do you know what I'm talking about? Everybody eats. They're really trying to eat. They're just nauseating. We're sickening. We sweet. That's what Jesus would eat. Just an hour of Easter. I can't even eat in Hollywood. Maybe maybe that sugar free Hollywood. I like your countenance handing out. We give it the escorts. 1232. Snickers, 170. Reces peanut butter cups 120. Are they even doing that just to piss me off? No, I can't believe it. I can't believe it. I can believe it. I can believe it. Yeah. A lot of people like them. Wow. M&M 53. You see how far? Everybody else is not even no more contending. Who the hell are these guys? What the hell was that? What do you talk about? I don't see it in. I don't know. A couple of young guys. I just showed the process. Right up in each other's face. They were about to do something. M&M 53. M&M 1038. Butterfinger 38. Kip can't 37. Hershey Bar 36. As pedestrian as vanilla ice cream. In fact, to me, Hershey Bar is the just plain Hershey Bar by itself. Is the vanilla ice cream of candy? I agree. I mean, is there any doubt about it? And it's soft, too. Even even in the fridge. Well, we don't want to get person loud. But anybody that goes into a drugstore or a convenience store, or a mini-mart, where they've got 75,000 different kinds of candy. They pick out a plain Hershey Bar or even a Hershey Bar with nuts. I mean, to me, that's somebody I'd want to avoid at all cost, all depending what they look like. Three Musketeers 33. Mowen 32. Twitch 31. I'm enjoying 31. Heath Bar's got a third man. Now, let's say scores only got 18 and he'd got 30. See, I would disagree with that. Although, you know something I better taste test them again. They're very, very similar. When you say? Yes, yes, they are. Baby Rout 26. Milky Way 26. Tunky 24. Just a big chunk of chocolate. 100 grand 23. Turtles 20. What's wrong with turtles, man? It was a good. Nothing. I was going to buy those in a box of turrets. There are a whole different bunch of people making. Nestlees. Snowcalfs 19. Look at this 19. Score 18. Watch him with quality 18. Reason at 17. Payday 17. Milky Way Dark 17. Call of Sand Age. Thomas finally got popular. Canberra in 2017. Maltod Mill Ball 16. Chocolate salty balls is coming on there. Mars Bar 16. Woppers 14. That's probably great. Reed's favorite. Woppers. He told so many. Link 14. Clark Bar 13. Only 13 for Clark Bar. The Charleston Shoes got 12. Dove 10. Nestlees crunched nine. It's got like West Christmas. Oh, Charlie means that. Now, let me ask you this. I don't think that it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, It's a sweet treat, but it's not candy. The rice crispy, the marshmallow. Yeah, yeah, crispy treats. Rice crispy treats right. Which now you're fine. Those inconvenience are already, we're made for you. Soon after you know, melt the butter in the marshmallow. Do all that. Those are not candy. Look right. Right. Like they're good. Like brownies aren't candy. And how about fudge. Fudge is candy. Fudge is candy. To be put fudge. How about fudge brown. All right, her band of ren out. Let's just put fudge. Okay. Thanks for reminding us that tundi vard. That's my bad. That's really stupid tundi vard. I scream bar. And not a very good one either by the way. Really sucks. Bad. I see there's quite a, uh, semis going on here with a police strike and back in a poor guy's trying to do his job for channels for. Right. That's been on the TV. That story. A real hole if there ever was one that cop. If you see a video, if you see it. Yes. He went and he was doing a series on the complaint process at police departments in Dayton Browery. They're sending officers and instigating confrontations and filing complaints with various agencies. Here's how it works. Now this is from the a Brower County police, uh, PBA, whenever the association. I'm like a, I'm like a, I'm like a, I'm like a, I'm like a, I'm like a red Mustang convertible. Speeds down the road. Later the same car this time with a black male driving, a little period of the same area driving slowly. If the car is pulled over by the police, the occavado become hostile and accused the officer of profiling trying to pick a fight. If the officer responds negatively, complaint is filed with his or her department. They are currently back on the street. The station plans to do a follow-up report for the May sweep spirit. This is a warning to the, uh, you know. And it shows here, although I can't make out the picture. Uh, newer model Ford Mustang convertible right with the black top and drive on driver Michael Turs. The page that had the, uh, the story that goes with this. I got, well, you just relax and get into it. Okay. For you are, I was going to make sure that I facts this. Since we started with a damn Mary Wana saying Mary Jane, how to control. So anyway, here's the deal. Oh, I see it and obviously they got two pictures, but the bottom one I don't see on this page. They got Michael Curs, the white guy from Channel 4 and then there's a black guy from, from 100 somewhere. So here's the story from the Harold. The personal information of an investigator reported was posted prominently on a softflow to police union's website. After local TV station, it reported about how police and data in Broward deal with the public. The address data birth and driver's license number of WFO RCBS for reported my curse was posted as a Volvo or beyond the lookout. On the website of the Barber County Police, been able to see the association Volvo. I thought that was a tie. Did they wear those anymore? I'll be right back. How boy lawyer, what does they do? I don't think I would, oh geez, I would have to hat the bulldozer. I have for my only right. We just saw him there today, written a bush and asked on the murder. I have all the papers. I like him a lot, he's good. At times, although he wrote an awful book about O.J., wrote a terrible book. What does his name? I don't know. Follow us, typically I wish you'd by police department for an officer who's looking for criminal The bulldozer reads, Channel 4 News is doing a series on the complaint process at police that I just read that. Kursh first learned about the bulldozer from a colleague who saw the flyer in a stack of bulldozer at a local police station. New times he proved to Jeff Straten wrote about the bulldozer last week. Kursh's personal information is removed from the website about after a letter from the TV station's lawyer. Kursh's photo is now on the site. Alan Rosenthall on attorney for Channel 4, a Miami-Herald news partner, demanded that the union removed the bulldozer calling it false and violation of Florida and federal law. That prohibit the disclosure of personal identifying information contained in motor vehicle records. The reporter said the posting of concerned him and his family. I told my wife about a curse that she's from Bosnia. She said it sounds like the cops are going to war with you and you better be careful. Kursh said the bulldozer reminded me this is an intimidation effect. He said it might have a chilling effect and a news media establishment from doing their jobs. And questioned the system and government at this disappointing. Lucy Dowdlich, Executive Director of the report committee for the Fidema Press Army and Virginia, said the bulldozer absolutely is intimately attempt to intimidate its abusive and downright stupid stupid. If it hurts if something stupid cops know what a revolutionary thing that is. In its hidden camera investigation conducted with the National Watchdog group called the police complaint center, one person visited 38 agencies and they had brought a rescue out getting a former file complaint against an officer. Only three of the police department's hands-head forms Florida City pumps the Miami-Coyote CBS 4. The forms are not required by law, though they are recommended by the National Association of Chiefs of Police. Kursh noted that many departments police were courteous and professional. Another is they were not. After the peace, at least one agency pledged to be examined the process for filing complaints. The BSL has made a public complaint form available in lobby of the BSO stations. BSL allows the person to file an anonymous complaint for a person's form can be returned, including sending it to BSL and internal affairs. Another part of the investigation check on racial profiler claims the white man and black man were given the same right must have been grabbing away. Tell you like that, just for a guy, what else is his name, Michael Pursh never heard of the channel news reporter and are trying to nail his ass. This is America for you, baby. It's the old luck I told you, like with a bush crowd, smear and smear. It's the fastest, especially the specialty do you hear. You should have seen that video. They did it with Hans Blitz, they did it with the scout. Remember they did it with Richard Clark, they did it with everybody who dared to tell the truth. smear and smear. And then of course come to find out their own people, like old doop cunning am and tombed away. They're all bunch of crooks. They're all stealing from the public till man. They're okay about there. It's part of the truth. That is their plan. They're crooks, not everybody else's. 252 votes, but we got our real shot at 1300, which is an unlucky number. This is new Roger. Oh boy, it's the one to two hour. I'm lucky they showed you the transformation they're telling. With my wife, we're gonna find the prince match up at least. They wish that her temperature in we had 28. I went to Japan along the neck of the soul magic away. She had to make a good punch and my big impression. I had to remind her why her match her. If a dragon over the Canada, the Pagina Salad, more than had a cold like her making a chest and belly. She said my husband and I said, I didn't know I knew I'm standing here all day. I might think of mine as you. I better get to have a guard around the middle. My name is Oliya Kinney, Jolly, my clothes. I think they need to think and so forth again. They had a disadvantage along the hub of a beard. I only hope that there's a very strange nice and nice, try to scream and see that. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I've got my teeth as you're a joke that I'm eating. Yeah, we've got a leap of all I can start eating. My wife and my children are married to K. They just throw it out and try to hide her home and get cheap. I said I'm sure we have the house done upon the Pagina's father. They should only expect no one's from a bad guy, though I'm in Pagina's market. And the time is out and I'm here and I'm here. I can go right now. I'm still being here. We know she can take care of it and it's ended up on the Pagina's back. I need a bag of gold and I'll take care of her. I wish she'd sent my kids to show me an inflation. I said try to catch in and line her up. That I should replace me. I don't know. It's a great story. It's a great story. It's a great story. He was a smag kid baby. And he was the best. What was his name? Hi, man. You delivered. So they're seeing a rock and rabbi. That's your rap and rabbi. The George went to see. I should take a lot about George's life. He'd used and drive. He's big right now. He's talking about it. He's big? Yeah. Oh, the lawyer is very spent. Thanks for what we're fasting and it must be marking him. This is a must be. Jerry's been staying. He's going to muck with the best of me. We don't have chocolate. What is it? Chocolate. A caramel creams. It tells that. Bulls eyes. Do you have that on our pool? Take a look at that. You've got to look at the picture. You'll say, oh, yeah. We talked about this before. Go there. Click on that website. By the way, thanks to Gary Sarder and Josh for, you know, Josh tried about 10 times to email that to me and finally got it through. Look at it for bulls eyes. It's under your eye. Okay. Cromwell creams. Right. Bulls eyes. That's just the way you see those. Yeah, I go in. Oh, get out of here. Those are great. Oh, I just caramel by itself. But it's not by itself. It's got like inside. It's got to vanilla cream. No, not chocolate. Why? It's got stuff on the inside that isn't chocolate. It's not caramel. I'm the outside vanilla cream in the middle. It's outstanding. You two pound bag is only 599 roughly 75 pieces. You can eat that by two a claw. You can have my share. I'll take the good and plenty. And the best thing. Well, which is this, which we haven't even discovered yet. They have did you notice that they have from the decade. Can't do eight is a kid 50, 60, 70s and 80s. Of course, being an old coat like I am. The 50s that bring a lot of bills of me. And you can can't do eight is a kid from the each of these decades. Is available in two and four pound of service. Two and a lot of take four pounds. Thank you. In fact, give me like ten orders of that. Oh, and he's chopped off. Oh, no. The candy ways are given the 50s. Fifth Avenue bar. I'll enjoy. What is that? Oh, Anis. Anis squares. See, this is the right hand column. Chopped off. I hate that. The time of car balls baby Ruth. It would take me to midnight to read all these from the 50s. Probably pops the Zooka bubble gum. Baby Vance Beamons gum. Did a honey blackjack gum. Oh, blackjack gum. I also sold Beamons gum blackjack in Tiber. It's also one of those blackjack gum licorice. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Was black with a jiff like. Was like that. That's not good. Yeah, why was good. I like licorice. Never had blackjack gum. Don't think so before your time. I'm sure it was. Blacks, happy bond bonds, Boston baked beans. Those are nasty. Those are like little red hot. What do you call this? Bun. Yeah. Virtpino. It's butter finger. Oh, yeah. Boston baked beans. Yeah. Boston baked beans. Those are good. They're not beans. Can't eat something. Candy buttons. Candy cigarettes. Candy drops. Caramel creams bulls eyes. I don't care what you say. Those are awesome. Charleston choose cherry mashed chico sticks. Chicklets. I still say that's gum. It doesn't have all the gum's on here. I don't know why. Chopped off. Chuckles. Chunky cinnamon toothpicks. Circus peanuts. Clark by. Clove something. See the right hand comes. Chopped off. Sorry. Coconut sacs. Cotton candy. Cracker Jack. Cros. Dintine gum. Dots. Double bubble gum. Fliers. Or they got fliers on here. Remember fliers bubble gum? No. French two. That was Bonimo's replacement. That's tamphi. Google cluster. I got to find them. Google clusters. I'm going to order like a mix in match 400 pounds. Goober's good and funny. Now even you admit it would be like good and funny. I like good and funny. He's a very good and real chocolate. Hershey's kisses. Home. Honeycomb peanuts. Horrich's malt and milk tablets. Ice cubes. In the advanced pumpkin seeds. Strawberry. Jelly noobets. Jelly rings. Juji fruits. Lot of Ju canbies on here. Junior men's kids. Lemon heads. Lookerish babies. Lookerish laces. Lookerish types. Remember they old liquorish. Pipe smoker. Lookerish snacks. Lookerish. Lookerish. Life savers. Oh, that's for life savers under. You know, anyway. For that we're going to kill. Come to their house and kill them. Is that the role with it? Yeah, it's just so boring. I got it. I mean, you don't even think about that. It's candy. Look him aid. Malokuffs. Marshmallow ice cream crones. Mary Jane's milk does. Mounds. Moon pie. Oh, yeah. Right. That's like a moon pie. Mechow wafers. Nell's in this. Something nips. Oh, it's like nips pie. Well, wax syrup bottles. Now you must remember those. Oh, sure. Oh, yeah. You'd you'd bite off the top of the. Yeah. The nauseatingly sickeningly sweet juice. It tasted like plastic. It's exactly the wax would get into the. What if we were drinking? Oh, what what now? What's that was the name of those? You just read it. No, the first part is chopped off on here. Something nips. I don't know. Buffy nips. Nips. I don't want to go back to that website again. Red rose and a bucket of bottles. Bottle nips. No. Nickel nips. N.I.K. Dash L.Vash nips. Nickel nips. Swax bottles. Oh, Henry Orn slices. Moon. Oh, yeah. And a variety of flavors. Orange and green. Tangereen. P.A. P.E. P.E. P.E. P.E. P.E.E.P.E. P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P.E.P Chuffleebaby,astery Silverstone. ktrej, ater, miregr ium.TAKE back.born have died, folk crime you know.ossa, miregrrosoft. the winning movies to come through town, they throw the hot dog gum and tarle kids. It was really dumb. Look where Scotty dogs look where she twists long boys. Mexican heads, non-parallel, sea non-parallel, so at the 60s, now and later. Peparate patty again, rainbow gum, red vine, six-let's slash thick smoothie, sour fruit balls, super bubble gum, and sweet-ish, some sweet-tarts. And the 70s and 80s. Not too many as you go along, see that? 70s and 70s and 70s and 80s. Avazaba, big something that blow pop, bottle caps, bubble gum, bubble dishes, chupachips, cow tails, curly, woolly, that was the replacement for marathon bar, curly, fresh and gum, gum stoppers, I thought you put that in the sink. Yeah, I can malleys, hub of bubble gum, well that's what we're more like to best hub of bubble bubble gum. Charlie Ranchers, Lafay, Taffy, Fundive, Lollies, something like an Ike, pixie sticks, pop rocks, razzles, rocky roads, spree, spacewood sticks, you know, watermelon slices, and lots of McAulton's, that's the stowers. And the 80s, not too many, apple heads, big league tube, bubble tape, cherry heads, great heads, gummy bears, gummy worms, jelly bellier, g, jelly beans, something push pops. I don't know what that is. Spring pops, rundas, kiosks, arpets, kids, starbursts, sweets, tarts, two week, tangy, taffy warheads, and something pops. See, as the decades went along, less and less new good stuff, although then of course, now we got the herffies with the toffee and almonds. Wow. Wow. See, this is very bad, and people are going to give great pissed off and blame me. Oh, you always, first it was the fish food, and we finally recovered from that, you know, and they nested these turtle, although I think they probably didn't find the turtle. And then we let it long for you to time go. We didn't be between, I did the pasta, green teals, which is on the helpful side as opposed to ice crab. And now we go the opposite, whoever sent that facts, and we're going to blame you. No wonder they were anonymous. 1272, what's your favorite all time favorite candy? You know something? You forgot to put a couple on there, like I don't eat candy. They're the hate this fool. I hate this fool, I don't eat candy. Now, do you know anybody that don't eat candy? Even diabetics I understand. No, I never heard of that. Eat candy. Yeah. You're looking at that guy's wife. She's on the weekend, and she ate too much candy. They're going to take her foot. Well, maybe she just ate out her frustration because he, you know, he fell in the well. I want to see that. You know what I'm saying? No. She said, well, well, well, well, well, that was not a game, but I talk with orange. Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well. See, that's all you need to know about the brits. Is that one scene, which was toward the right place? Or the right place? No, not where his old friends come across him, dim and what, wow, no, with the other one. George, he's that his name? He's been George. And anyway, you know, he's down and out, he's been tossed out the beaten, the him bloody, and then they find him. Remember that? The old homeless guy, can he stress him, cop, I'm listening to you. Remember that guy's about some cotomid brother. And then he realizes he looks at me, he sees who it was and they beat the crap out of these poor homeless. So he's a hokey Joe. That's a lot of the. Oh, Joe, Joe was together. We've placed our hero at home. Joe. That's right. The Lord John. The Lord John. Yeah, the larger Joe son, we can't actually leave. He's got your room now. What happened to Basel? Yeah. Well, my snake. I'll ill and he, yeah. Well, he met with an accident. He met with an accident, Sonny. He felt like he was dead. That snake. I heard about you. Anyway. Let's think about it. Anyway, he meets up with the end and dim looks down. Well, well, well. That's seen my face. I need no back the British. I'm telling you right there. In just a matter of three or four seconds, it encapsulates everything you need no about these constipated people. Well, well, well, well. Alay was the invented book. Can't speak with a damn. Oh, it's just incredible. And of course, it really is fitting that Charles is next in line to be the queen. I mean, the king. That is just perfect. You know, so that's the right guy to deep six really fast. Which one? What about how he is buggering one of the buffers there in the other? I'm buggering him. Because it was okay. Those first still care about that. Well, they're all doing little buggering. How much human? They're all about two buggers. It's 11 after one. No, but get on. I'm sorry. 11 after one a QM. We got the big old coming along. Who is really rock solid. They're going to QM guys. And something he might even learn to speak at English. I doubt it. He speaks at Baby Talk. He's okay to dig a. We like him. He's a good guy. And this year Joe Bell is going to spend the money to send him off to that. What's that thing? Or they already have a charge that football fantasy, the combat. The car to the column buying. He's going to be voting for a $4 a column buying. The big old. And that guy's coming up and forward. We got that hurricane stuff between 7 and 10. A lot of good TV shows out at that time. In fact, you can watch. We runs of what's a supernatural. What was two guys sleeping the same room. Now let me ask you this. You've got any brothers, Josh. Yeah. I got a big family. But okay, you got how many brothers? Two. Okay. And how old are they? Like we didn't have to come up. I live with my brother who's a year older than me. You live with your brother. I do. Oh my. Can you live with your brother? I'm not even in the same room with the wonder and we're daddy. I think you guys are like travel. Like with the family. You ever go like in a hotel and sleep in the same room. Different beds of course. Sure. Well, these guys are on the road. No, Sam and Dean. Okay. Don't be picking on my boy Sam or his brother Dean. There are their late 30s and you know. They're not in their late 30s. One is 20 feet and one is 20. And what difference would that make? If they weren't in late 30s, if they're traveling on the road or brother. I thought that was their bedroom. They were sleeping. Maybe you would like to buy them separate hotel rooms so they can make you less nervous about it. I don't want to buy them a damn thing. We don't want to go to the queen there. I would mind it. In fact, I would mind taking Dean spot and they're with Sam. And they'll affect all of them. I'd be in the base fender. I'm not even going to put the bill for a separate room for Dean. Get his ass out of there. Will it be a queen size that? I don't have to pay any. Hopefully, big enough for this old queen and for Sam. Wow. That's a good show. I always forget to watch it. They said it would be good. I don't know why. It's not that good. See what I'm saying? If it was that good in every respect, I wouldn't forget. 113.5.60. WM obsession with hope. This is just got back today. That jerk, to you who you're surprised. I've nobody else mattered anyway. But man, I feel safe Jerry Jones is crazy. The boy's the best in clown. The boy's the boy down. That's it. The boy's the best in clown. There's no reason Dallas Dallas. You know that jerk who used to dance a lot. Every time he got the end over the start of the end, he got his man. He thought he was cool, but he was really not. But it's so bad, Terry Rollins. And that time at the Cowboys place. When to your dance, fellow Lolo, go over to the street. Then, Emma Grant over and got in his streets. And now, he thinks they won't forget it. The boy's the best in clown. The boy's the best in clown. That's it. The boy's the best in clown. There's no reason Dallas Dallas. That's it. He goes for Dragon Throne. There's the ego is for now. The boy's the best in clown. The boy's the best in clown. The boy's the best in clown. You're gonna love that shit. About the supernaturals and these two, a guy's no matter how they'll. Let me ask you all these athletes. I mean, you know, we're making one of those. So you're gonna love them. We're gonna love them. We're gonna love them. Many of whom you worship and admire so much. And certainly on a station, I mean, admire just to the point of almost of sanity. When they're on a road, don't they like room together? No. What are you talking about? Athletic professionals athlete? Professional athletes, room together. Room together. Room together. They have roommates and the hotels, yes, they do. I'd love to take that back. You hear that you hear it all the time. I, uh, yeah. Hockey players I know do and baseball players do. Now football, I don't know because they're like, it's a different kind of thing because the only travel I've got a couple of days for a game. I don't know. But I, I guarantee that, uh, professional baseball and hockey players have roommates on the road. Oh, they might, you know what? They might, they might, they might, no, they don't. They might, they do. They do do, they will, can. And some of these guys are like in their 40s already. By the way, something. Sleeping in the same room with another guy. They're standing there. I don't know why Josh is so nervous about like salmon is, like what I'm just gonna hop in the other bed. Why do you say, you're nervous? And by the way, if they does, and let me know what night that episode's gonna be on. Why? Let me know if it's because I didn't see that episode. Are they staying in the night? No, it's every episode. That's their bedroom. That's their home. The sleeping in the same room. I'm asking. Yeah. I don't know. It is absolutely not. That's so what episode because you told me to. And that's all I, I was just, you know, it is not their home. With a hotel room. So it's okay. Then that's not an issue. Of course not. That's their own hotels. They're always there. They're looking for dead. They can't find, I don't know why they want to find dead. But maybe he's not there. Right. Because I never saw the first episode. It's one of those very sad things. If you didn't see the first episode, you haven't got any idea what that's all about. Who is dead? Where is he? What's it all about? Or are they getting their money in, etc. What's even said is they probably re-read a twice already. We missed it. What? The emphasis of the stuff. Yeah, together. Oh, the one above Dan. Oh. I think you never saw any of this. Who's your daddy to say that? Then it's not their home. Now do you feel any better about that? That it's not their home. That's seen that you're seeing. That's in their motels. Well, thank God. I'm so relieved. Well, because you were so nervous about that. I think you are relieved. I know Zach is probably relieved. Just going on or seeing your picture. Just think about that. You want to throw up. Oh, Jesus. Well, the fact that you can stimulate somebody after an audience said that's something to be said for you. Neither was I. You were a mere George. I guarantee that. Oh, George has got that one woman called in yesterday. Remember what she said you were a what? I don't know. Sexy? Now she wasn't that crazy. For it wasn't it for the the hard ass pull? That's it. I had a hard ass. Yeah. Send the picture. Honey. She said. It is so hard. Like you actually was. You know, and she was talking about it. Let's go and trust me. Five, six, seven, five, six. How do we get from candy bars to the same room together? Easily trust me. Josh, they're not. Those two guys aren't doing anything together. Okay. They're not. You don't believe me. I'm very confident of that. Very afraid of it. Well, that's good. And you're afraid of it too. Dominic, you weigh in. Hello. Anyhow, you don't. Okay. I got two for the poll. Yes. What is it? Texty sticks. Pixies sticks. I think that was on. I think I read that in the middle of those four thousand. We read it, but we didn't put it on the poll. Didn't have the time yet. And the one I kind of think of when I feed Josh, fun to. No. Don't tell me we started something here. It's all you need. So we need. Pixies sticks. What is that? I don't even see it on this. Pixies sticks. You know, I do. There are straws filled with the sweet tart powder. And I love them. I could eat a whole pack. Flavored sugar. Flavored sugar in a two. Let me take a look at this. And I'm going to try to figure it out. And you open up one end and dump the contents into your mouth. Well, let me click on it. You do what? You know how it's like. I never saw those. Each package contains three candy filled straws. Yeah. Oh, those are those. Yeah. What? It's like that. It's if you're head back. And then you put the tube in your mouth. And eat it. Jim says, ripped the roots are the light. But we have the best which you call candies. We call sweets. Thorntons, fawfies. Thorntons, fawfies are a super. Leave it to the roots. You can have some like fawfie. Okay. We got coffee and we got coffee. They got fawfie. Oh, my god. Ripped the roots are and I will. People are constipating. You got the emotion level of a three year old. And it's because of all that royalty crap. Oh, well, the queen said this. And the queen mother said that. And this one Prince Charming. Yeah. Real Charming. And oh, die die die. And look at that. She finally did. Good. Who cares? No, see, that's the thing. I think that bothers them so much. That nobody cares about them at all anymore. They're their pass a silly. I've said with garbage. Living in the dark ages. People are starving over there. All the money. All the for the pop and circumcised for the queen. And the, the, what do they call the, The guard there. And they're going to empowers the mother calling them. The guard there. We got pixie sticks. Woo! You do somebody just brought in some pixie sticks. Where'd you get those from? John Geris has a an entire, like candy store. Yeah. That's not here. We didn't put no kabars on here because we didn't sell the intelligence of our audience. Even the ones that voted for plain or Hershey bar. We respect more than no kabars. It is going to be. The kabars for real real far business going. That's a purple one. He's got an orange one. Orange one. Milk of our pixie. Yeah. Oh. And how are they? All right. Great. I don't think I know what those are because it's a, it's a package. I'm just power. I'm reading those now. You crazy or what? Because they're here because John Geris brought him in. He's a candy poochier is what he is. He's a murderer. Just like all those other Nazis. He says all water, tuffy. I do like, do we put that on there? Salt water, tuffy. I don't know. I don't like tuffy. I don't care whether you like it or not. I love it. Josh, you ever had a lot of tuffy. It's individually wrapped with, What would you, what that's a big suit talk about packaging? I don't know. There's like a million different tuffy. You know, I'm, no, but these are tuffy bars like that old bonnet of the Turkish staff. These are like a little, little, individually wrapped candies. It's a tuffy candy. You probably have to put it. Well, the problem is the paper sticks to it. Salt water, tuffy. It's good stuff. Well, this, this is really sick. All of the fact that they made the mistake on the smarties. I mean, they got one other smarties from like 100 years ago. But the new smarties that are like a million times better than M&Ms. They don't have money. I think it's part of that anti-Canadian thing, eh? WQAM, hello. Deal. Yes, sir. I may be behind the time, but I think I have one or two for the ball. Yeah. The final time favorite. Zack nut. It's on there. I'm about zero bar. On there. Sorry. But zero bar, zero bars. Oh, horrible. All right. Thank you, bye. Okay. Even have cool laid on here for the Jim Jones crowd. Well, another way to keep cat but kids KITS. I don't have any idea what ever to do with it. That you. No, kids. I remember kids two acts used to run a Northfield Downs in Hazel Park. Francis J.O. here from Flushing Michigan in the bike. What am I looking for? Kids KITS. What are you eating, man? There's a version of that. Oh, I don't know what they are. Oh, kids. I never saw those. Square wrapped candies in banana. Oh, that sounds good. In banana. Well, glasses and with peanut butter. Trophet and strawberry flavors. I've heard you the glasses with peanut butter like a Mary James. Each package has three pieces. A box of 96, 24 of each flavor, 799. Oh, my God. Even you could afford that. KITS. Maybe there was like a regional thing. I never seen that. Wow, what's the history on it? Got the history on it? No. Just as commentary. KITS can the memories. I remember KITS from when I was a kid growing up in the mid 50s. It says here, but there's no history. Well, what a shame. Just the one we need to go back around on it. Never had no KITS. Maybe you could order some of those and give that lady the address. Debbie. She'll send me 400 pounds of candy. And I can be sure to give it to John Harris again too. So it can send me some more to him. Glace of candy bars from the Iba. Very nice. See you. And he's calling you to. He's doing the same thing to you they did to me. And I think he's, you know, the anti-Christ John Harris. Good day. It's got you fool. So anyway, when we come back, Josh, he's going to apologize for being so off tightsis because I'm too guys asleep in the same bed. I mean, room. 26 past one in five 60 WQAN. This is Neil Rogers. Neil. Yeah. Oh. Well, I know my sister, all my life. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son made the earliest truth. He's my nephew too. Will not daddy is my uncle. Joe Mother is my dear and I hope he is very clean. You see my first cousin is me. Oh. So guess what? Click on saltwater taxi right now. I'm going to take a look at it. I want to see the picture they got. If you don't like that stuff, there's something wrong. Don't like that stuff. Yeah, you do. Look at it. You're recognizing and sugar-free saltwater tap. A few pound bag of roughly 250 pieces in a sort of flavors. Only 1399 salt or sugar-free. Yeah, that's exactly what I had in mind. What? Yeah, I know that stuff. When you go to old lady's houses, they have that in the candy bowl. They're elastic. Saltwater tap. They sold it to beach. It said I think old ladies go to the beach. Young people. Saltwater tap. Not old lady. The other one. Me Beach. Well, like I said. This pool is around more uh... Historia. 1313 votes. Look at all of them. They don't have any sugar-baby sugar daddy. Chuckles. Chobhrenkers. Chopped babies. Sounds like a racial thing to me. Van Bonds, Pays, Ethel and Chopped. Nurds, Starburst, Cadbury Eggs. Oh, nobody likes Cadbury Eggs. You're crazy. Fudge. Life's. Life's, Life's, neighbors. Nickel nips. Now everybody ate. Oh, not that I like it. You're right. That's exactly like eating all mixed in with. Moonstin with it. Nasty. Yeah. Rock candy. Fun dips. None for pixie sticks. That you were just eating as mad as me. And then you got to go and yourself and nobody likes it. And a whole bunch of would only one, too. He would go and play his only God one. Yeah, but it couldn't have only one. You couldn't. Quickerish. Most people don't like like rich. I found. What is it? I love rich rich eater. But those, because of the other stuff. Right. The candy coating. The taste of the candy coating. This is in with rich rich and rich. We're really sweet. Wonderful confection. Oh, hum. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, they're still big on a Reese's craftman. Snickers 1707. Reese's peanut butter cup 127. And then way way down to Eminem's and Eminem peanut and butter finger. I don't know. I mean, butter finger is because a lot of these are very similar. You know, a lot of the same ingredients. Right. But butter finger is like almost totally different. Candidates. I like butter finger. Right. What's not, especially those big four 14 pound ones. Now they have to have like three people to carry it out of the store. And the thing about butter fingers, you can enjoy it all day because you're picking it out of your teeth for a day. And I can't understand why the people, you know, why people are getting the fat. Can you just be talking about soda? Well, most of us who have a weight problem drink died. So in any way, there's no calories. But all these 75 pound candy bars now, that might have a little bit to do with it. Everything is my precise. Quintetates. Oh, no. Now this, this propaganda, where'd you get this? Just came up with a contestant. The nation's Roman Catholic leaders received 783 claims of the sex abuse. Sex abuse by clergy in 2005 with most of the allegations of unicated case of their decades old. The new claims reported today bring the total number of accusations against cantilek church clergy than more than 12,000 since 1950. Believe you mean, that's only the tip. The tip of the altar boy. The latest figures are released as partly third out of the business. See, that's what you ought to be worried about is priest who sleep with the altar boys. Don't worry about salmon Dean, they're okay. But when priest has sleep in the same room in the same bed with the altar boys, then you might raise all of both eyebrows. The latest figures released as part of the third out of the business of conduct and we store trust in their leadership after abuse allegations soared in 2002. And it would a lot of guys soar about it. Church leaders, however, do criticism for changing how this latest review was conducted. In the first two annual audits, all 195 dicees received an outside visit during the most recent review. 104 dicees were allowed to fill out a questionnaire and said while the auditor is visit the others. So we'll just tell you, we'll lie a lot, we'll just make it up. All three audits were conducted by the Gavin Group, a private firm that employed teams comprised mainly a former FBI agents. Remember the FBI and gay of your Hoover? You know, he has no idea what's in the stuff like this. Prior to the new auditory abuse program was known to across dicees, more than a billion dollars since 1950. The new figures released by the church greatly expanded the figure. The vicious set of the total costs are abuse in 2005 alone was nearly 267 million. Half a billion loan almost last year, including settlements, therapy for victims, support for offenders and attorneys fees among other things. Not to mention the expensive travel of for the ship they approved around. The new audit also found a slightly tiny compliance with all the provisions of the tough and sex abuse policy of the victims adopted four years ago. The latest auditory found that 88 and a half percent dicees were fully compliant compared with more than 95 percent last year. The audits had civil biases, don't have full safe environment training, where children were to keep themselves safe from abuseers and for them hadn't fully comply with the call for background checks and for it. Still working out, slowly. Speaking of religious nuts, wait to hear this story from a popca. Do you ever think we'd have a story from a popca Florida? Oh, it's about to happen. Several parents in a popca Florida are offset over a surprise school Holocaust project that some say terminated children according to a channel's history report that's, I guess, in Orlando, Channel 6, not yours. Local 6 news reported that eighth graders would last in his beginning with L-Trusee, and a popca memorial middle school were given a yellow 5-pointed stars for Holocaust remembrance day. Other students were privileged to report said. Father John Tindley said his son was forced to stand in the back of the classroom and not allowed to sit because he was wearing the yellow star. He was forced to go, maybe he was also forced to eat jiu-jiu bees. He was forced to go to the back of the lunch line four times by the administrative Tindley said, Tindley said the experiment of said his child. He was crying Tindley said, I said, what are you crying about? I said daddy, I was a jiu-jiu today. To be the worst, you could have been on that old show with Jack Bailey Queen for a day. Other parents in children shared similar stories Tindley said they were told they couldn't use the water fountains. There was even a sign supposedly one water fountain saying if you're wearing a yellow star, you can't use this water fountain. I think that's good. Don't you like that? What depends on who? Tindley said he believes it's important to teach the Holocaust but apparently little was learned during the experiment. I tried to talk to my son as all these questions and the only thing he said is daddy, the only thing I found out today is I don't want to be jiu-jiu. Well, that's because they didn't give many Hall of Vime, a grittiness. No kishki. Oh my god, he had some kishki with gravy. That they could have worn on their head. Some cheese blisters with like strawberry. And maybe some homintation with moon. Children were selected to be persecuted or privileged. Some not told the rule local six reported here on Resonix said, or Resonix, huh? Parents tell local six they were not told prior to the school life experiment. Tindley's got a bit of a defeat in the purpose to tell those students at the time because that would have prepared them. Principal Doug Guthrie said, students came in and they all they got was a star. This was supposed to be a creative way to teach the horrors of the Holocaust, but unfortunately it is spark controversy and more importantly, and a spark conversation, Resonix said, we have now heard from nearly a dozen parents who are very upset. You for a day, my ass. Especially in a pop-ker. Can you imagine being Jewish in a pop-ker? No local six news here to stay in from the Holocaust Memorial Resource and Education Center of Florida. Of course we applaud a pop-ker memorial middle schools effort to engage in Holocaust education with a hope of tolerance education component to classroom. That is the mission of the Center to teach tolerance to Holocaust remembrance and education. However, we don't encourage their trainees to engage in simulated exercises. If you have to admit that it would do something differently in exercise, because it complaints but said kids got the message, they need to know we don't want history to repeat itself. That's right, as all those people are worried about them all the folks dying to genocide in Africa. That's right. I understand that next year they are going to make their hits just take showers instead. And sleep in the same room. Right. In motels. They're going to go on a road trip. Ha ha ha ha. I think Josh is one of the few people who would actually have noticed that. That would register it in his mind. After all the other stuff on that show. I was thinking about other things myself. Like what? Go on. And if I come in to bed. All time, favorite candy. This has got over like halvaya and Tel Aviv, maybe. 1330 votes. And our goal today was what? 800? Something like that? Pretty good. Look at the ones that have only got sedimentary Uno. Caramelk. Now that's the one. That's a Cadbury, right? And it's the chocolate where you're bite into it and it's like, it's got Scort, you know. Yeah. Terrible. You can try to go pee chocolate. No, not that. We'll be chocolate. Walk of our one. Mr. Big One. Top rocks one. Chocolate coverage series only one. Good and 20 only one. That's, I don't know. There's something wrong here. Terrible. 31. That's one. That's suck. I must run some Indian ladies here. Some Emeats of the earth. Cheer, Delhi, chocolate. Nice going, Eric. Thank you. We got one. Spel the right. There's that. The GRDL. Get picked up over the GRDL. Along with your multiple soup. Nerds one. I don't need candy one. Seattle there. Lire. Yeah. Saltwater, tuffy one. The smores too. I don't want to read the other ones. I don't want to read it. And when I first came out, I'm surprised you didn't see it. Yeah. Cause they had big displays. We're like 75,000 in a little bar. Just falling over the place. You'd walk into a convenience store and practically fall down in the middle of them. I think a smaller flavor, uh, what you call it. Pop-tarts. Whenever I had those. A more flavored pop. Oh, pop-tarts? Dark cream in all the time. Smaller pop-tarts. Good. Got it. And you're telling me about how you're eating better now. And you got that pasta. Stick with the pasta man. Oast. Anything other than the pasta. This is a new rock. Our job is yours to quit poor people with Amy. What's your murder or a thing? What's your de-outs? But, Chase, real good. Sanha! And what can he do? Excess energy to drive mom crazy. Sanha! So, what break is cereal? Will you tell mom to buy? Next time, she goes shopping. Sanha, stop it! Sanha! You're gonna do this, you're gonna shop it. Those super sugar-coated sugar shopters are little bits of raw cane. Drenched in honey and coated with powdered sugar. Bluecoast, Bluecoast, Corkstier, and other natural sweet news. And Chase, just like sugar-coated sugar. Right, because there's new, lucky vitamins with minerals to spoil your fun. Yeah! And how does it make your feel? Like I'm vibrating. I'm a petrachal. I'm the only kid. I'm the only kid. I'm the only kid. I'm the only kid. And mom's a lot of sugar-coated sugar. Because inside, everybody, there's a free bottle of new fruit stones, durable valley up. So, try. You're so fresh, sugar-coated sugar-coated from your friends at Garusquatable Foods. One-for-e-pollocker, this full of homestays, this one we've released September that paper applies to one, that was good. But this is maybe even better. Plus, research, what did you hear this? This might inspire you guys to get off your dead ass and make their trip to Amsterdam already. You can get there in about an hour. Starting now. Listen, I'll book it right now. Just put that check in the mail. Get it done. You're in! Research has an Australia's outback, launched a test light today of a super-scientant jet designed to fly 10 times faster than conventional aircraft. The test light was conducted by researchers at the University of Queensland, but we always knew that the Queensland's can fly. Under commissioned from the Japan Jet Pans, Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency or Jackson, in the remote community of Wumerab, 2010, miles north of the South Australian State Capital of Adelaide. The so-called Super-Scientant combustion ramjet or scramjet engine was designed to travel its speeds up to 5,000 miles per hour or 10 times the speed of conventional aircraft. The rocket launch looked as expected. We had another clean lift off said Professor Michael Smart. Today's launch was the second test light must in a week was intended to generate data about flight performance of a 220-pound scramjet engine with an advanced fuel injected developed by Jackson. The data will be compared with the results of ground test performance of Japan. The University said it would make an announcement about the results of the experimental flights in coming weeks. The US has already carried out a flight test with a scramjet engine, while the European Union, Japan, China, Russia and India are in different stages of testing their technologies. The one in India has got a little dot on the nose. Some of the services scramjet technologies could refer to as air travel. Officials at the University of Queensland have said scramjet power passenger jets are still a long way off, but it might be possible to use the scramjet power plane with them in the next 10 years for limited purposes such as delivering vital organs for urgent transplant operations or for making a quick run to Amsterdam. A quick drug run to Amsterdam. Remember that fast when you stop with your gear? Right. We're making a reservation called. We're making a good one vacation. Oh, I see Neil's made another one of his drug runs to Amsterdam. Yeah, right. Work on them. We're going to do air. We were just talking about it. We're not only going to sleep in the same room. Same thing. We're going to sleep in the same bed, but we're going to sleep opposite you know, like feet to head, that kind of thing. Because that's not gay when you do it that way. I don't know. I'll take pictures that I'm kind of going up in my mind about that. It seems awfully to me. You know what I'm saying? Take a minute. Just for about a few seconds. I've got my face there. Yeah. Oh, that's not his toe. So I'll get to. Yeah, but big toe or a little toe, maybe five, six, seven or maybe cut those nails there. Canals, anyone? One, 48 at QM. We got to the big Os, brimes with toe and mo. No, no, no, no, no. Coming up into at the 2 to 4 slide. The inverse mid just continues. We got nobody from 2 to 4. We got like revolving doors. We have nicely scheduled probably not. Not at least I don't have it. No, I don't have one. They're busy. This still busy. They're pushing in the vagus or is he just out there goofing off or losing his ass? What's he doing? Are they using that, whooping crane to, well, listen off the, off the, uh, the, the winch. They're using a winch to drag him off that buffet where they have the 500 and one items on the world record both buffet. She better be a hot lunch. You never that buffet. You want to look like a buffalo, you know what I'm saying? Kind of like, oh, that. W to QM. Hello. QM. A, N, how you doing? Are you doing sir? Okay. All right. You have a glaring omission in your candy, uh, candy lifts. And what is that? Jolly ranchers. Oh yeah, that's a thing here too. Jolly ranchers. Yeah. Let me take a look at the picture of Patrick. I was trying to get to yesterday. Yeah. Regarding James Corburn, he was a real monster. You got pretty damn monster, you're right. Yeah, I couldn't get to yesterday. I was in. I don't think. He wouldn't have any. I don't know who that is. Okay. Thanks so much, Pally. What are you for Jolly? What am I right now? I'm looking at him. You see him? Oh, okay. I'm getting a sorted fruit flavors. Great apple watermelon cherry and blue raspberry. Oh, man. Jolly ranchers. Get that on your right away. Now, if you can get a two pound bag or a case of a 12, two pound bag, that's like a 24 pounds. 24 pounds is your other ranchers. You'll be Jolly too for about an half an hour till you've cropped. God. You imagine? Mary Jane. Well, I'm so sorry that somebody brought that up. By the way, thanks to Robert. He emailed me a link to a website where you can see the video. Remember that story you were reading about the abusive cat. Oh, yeah. It's a police abuse.org is a whole site with a, I think that on our website, make sure that you're against it or Joshua, whoever's going to take care of that. Let's go to the link to that. So we can show exactly what goes on. See, if you're criticized the police, man, you got real. And it's right. They get a little porkey to pull out the police. They showed the video and it would have made your toes curl. Really? That's a good guy. Everybody was doing. Nice. Very nice. Well, thank God we got those good on his cop. Expressing himself forward, duh. A sense being hearing speak of that for a long time. Once the always person in modern US history to be sent to prison for life was delayed yesterday, after a judge ruled the T.D. should receive a minor mental examination. But T.T. T.T. made headlines after he was convicted. The first to be murdered in the 1990s and beating death as six year old Tiffany Unic. His attorneys initially argued that killing was an accident. And I'll take them twelve was imitating por wrestling moves. In the latest twist to T.T.T.T.T.T.T.T.T.T.T.T.T.T... ...it was charged in May with robbing a pizza livery man. And it was the head that pepper only jews drool. Rule and down is chin, that was the a giveaway. That was the a livery man. That was not Lionel. He keeping a guilty on Mars' first to the armed robbery and meant a defyled approval from the 99 killing by possessing a gun. Underda deal with prosecutors take faces up to... A 30 May. Get out of you as in prison instead of a potential life sentence for the probation violation. An issue when there was a letter of Tate last week to Broward County Circuit Judge Joel Lazarus in which he requested to withdraw his plea only to the robbery charge. I'm sitting not guilty of that charge, but I'm ending to the probation violation. Tate ultimately seals his own faith since the gun was used in the crime, such a move led as a training to question his competency. That's what Ellis Ob been thinking that your defense is really stinking Ruben said. You're out of our eye to know what is in the mind of this young fellow that he knows of the time of this event that he faces life in prison. Yet for a thirty-three dollars worth of pieces he does with a terrible thing, defense attorney Ellis Ruben told a judge. Ruben Ruben I've been thinking. Ruben asked to play a ribbon and a Monday sensing hearing be delayed until an extensive medal evaluation could be performed. Prosecutor Chuck Morton argued that simply because Tate acted irrationally, doesn't mean he doesn't know the consequences of his actions. The mere fact that it was irrational doesn't mean the person was legally insane, Morton said. George Lager, Lageriff ordered that Tate now my team received a minor medal evaluation to determine whether he's competent enough to be sentenced. And for the court to consider as request you would draw to play, why for a couple of bucks worth of pizza, would you do something like this to judge as rhetorically? The Y is only known to your client, the next year he's for April 20. Vainty. All right, like that. Ruben is Y. Why? Would anybody steal pizza? Unless they were like medley. Do do do do do. I'm not as weenious, you know what I'm saying? There's nothing worth to know pizza thief. That's what I'm thinking. All Lord candy thief is not. We tell the story about fanboy just yesterday I believe. Who? Just stealing the candy from the prize closet. And when he opened the door, I guess what? Tom Cruise was still in there. No, no, no, no. Oh, my God, it's already 14. It's 15, 18, it's 13. It's not a trying. I can't afford to be in here. I gotta go outside. I am ready to shoot them. And tomorrow's going to be 63. We have some showers tomorrow. Some golden showers. But 63. Oh, mama, let me go do the show outside of them. I'll take a lot of light cord. What do you think? All right, 1358 votes today, man. And Josh said, we never make it to 900. Of course, I think we started with that. And we ate some 58 degrees right now. It is going to be toasty. I'm going to go out there and knick it, I'm going to go right around. downtown, Naked. Speaking of that, speaking of people in Canada, soldiers three to Canada to avoid Iraq duty. Sounds like Vietnam, we don't have any draft right now, but these guys are already in hot water. Humbers of the Zergers from the US Armed Forces of Cross in the Canada, and are now seeking political refugee refugees status there, arguing that violations of the rules of war in Iraq by the Western Tettled and to asylum. The Susan Amitess Case involving two US service men is due shortly as being launched with the increased by fellow service men and both sides of the border. At least 20 others have already applied for asylum and are estimated 400 in Canada out of more than nine thousand of the Zergers since the conflict started in 2003. Ryan Johnson, not the hockey player, but another Ryan Johnson 22 from near Fresno and California was due to deployed with the Junit and Iraq in January last year, but cross the Canadian border in June and is seeking asylum. I had spoken to many soldiers who have been in Iraq and who told me about innocent civilians being killed and about bombing civilian neighborhoods you told a guardian. It's been really great since I've been here, meaning Kennedy said generally people have been really hospitable and understanding, although they've been a few who have been for the war while I know where he found them, certainly not in Toronto. He's now unable to return to the US. I don't have a problem with that. I'm a Canada and that's that he said. Well, what's going to happen after 180 days, Ryan? Mr. Johnson said it was unfair exactly how many US soldiers were in Canada, but he thought 400 was a realistic figure. He had been unspeaking towards across the country's part of a war resistors movement to come across other service men living underground. Jeffrey House, a Toronto lawyer who represents many of the men, said that an increasing number was seeking asylum. In fact, it was an increasing number in ourselves to probably a QM-sigging in asylum, too, and believe me, most of them belong there. There are a fair number without status and a fair number on student visas, he said, and under UN guidelines and refugees status, they were in Tettelusica, asylum. The first test cases involved Jeremy Hinsman 26 who deserted from the 82nd Airborne Division, I was going to do the break-handway. We should. Yes. Mr. Johnson, I'm sorry, three minutes, just relax. And the right in you, from the first cavalry division, all deserted as President President of Plaston FBI wanted list, how do you like that? During the Vietnam war between 50 and 60,000 Americans crossed the board of the war, it started and came to Canada a- This is Neil Roger. What's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's You can't