Honey, sir My crust I'm going to tell you something about the intro. You could see. Wow, you're looking better. I don't know about it. With those in the one of my some people. You could see. But oh, somebody's looking better. But oh, they're looking better. Look at that baby. Oh, that is it. Damn, man. I don't know. Touch this. Look at that. I'm going to go to one of the things. He's actually cutting out of it. Look at that toilet paper. Don't get wet. Look, look, look. You know, cutting out is good quality. But what they've trying to say is very expensive. Who would you love the most in fact? They think they're ballers. And seven, nine years average, stage and identification. Nobody let you win some Miami-Port. Tell me that you made it. Tell me that you made it. Oh, that's a world of power around. She made it. Oh, that's a world of power around. Yeah. Victory, SBTC. I think he does. I think I'm the only person on the face of the globe, on the prosecutor who thinks that John Mark Cardunner. I mean, is there anything else to talk about or what? No, no. And you are the only one. What? Who thinks he's done it? I didn't do it. I didn't think that at all, right? Until I started thinking about this on the, and in his, in his yearbook, he wrote SBTC. I shall be the contiver. I thought he wrote XYZPDQ. Elements, LSM, Lucky Strike means fine tobacco. LSMFC. No, seriously. He wrote SBTC. He shall be the contiver. Now, that's on the ransom note. Now, obviously he wrote in his yearbook in high school years before. It would be something if he had just recently written it on for SBTC. But he wrote this years ago. And also possible. And then into which, if you look at this scrolling, the writing, the scribbling and your book with his hand. That looks very much like the ransom note, which I don't know why nobody's talking about that. They have an analyst that was talking about it on CNN or one of the other. And I'll tell you. And you know, you see similarities? I do. I do. Now, of course, this business about, wow, his wife said, his five year old wife said he was in five year old. You know, five year olds don't have very good memory all the time. For a good memory. He's got some issues. Okay? Well, he's busy digesting his duck and his prawns and his champagne. So, baby, I'll be right back in business class. Innocent people are dying being blown to bits all over the world. And people are worried about this group cake. What do I tell you the day? Food cake. Oh, yeah. I tell you that? What does eyeliner? Yeah. He's a lady. He's a lady. Like Tom Jones would say, he wants to be a lady. He's a huge. He has, if you just like when that issue is a QA, maybe no more crow. And you heard yourself, Clarissa, we can talk about that. And by the way, Kelly's quit spread rumors about the people across this week. Go on out of business. They are not. Let me make it very, very clear. The best of my knowledge, what I've been told today, they are not going out of business on the first of March, across the street. Of course, there's a lot of businesses across the street. There's the oil change place and there's the entire community. They're right over here. And Chuck's sub center, which we like Chuck a lot, even though you don't like his food. We like Chuck a lot. They're brought up Chuck a lot. Oh, yeah. Just lately. And anyway. So, there's a lot of businesses across the street. So, I wouldn't be surprised if one of them does go out of business, but it's certainly not that radio station. Joyce, I think, started that rumor. So, we want to apologize for Joyce Fitch. She's got some real issues. That's the problem. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? Can't walk hands to you. So, which memo should I read first? Oh, I'd buy the way to show you. Chuck. Oh, Lord. Jerry Ford, who is one of the most obnoxious people in human history. I didn't realize how evil he was until I saw. I watched two DVDs over the weekend. One, which you, I say, I say, I must watch him, but they won't watch him. You might, because I wasn't doing to him. Sure. The hunting of the president based on the New York Times best seller, which I did, I do have the book, but I never got around to reading it. I read a little bit of it by Joe Coniston and whoever else. One of the presidents that take your campaign to destroy Bill Clinton. And if you do get this DVD by all means, because I'm not really big on going to the special features. I don't have time. I, you know, I get a DVD. You probably are, but I don't. At the parents. But in this one, there's a about a 45 minute, and this is after the screening of the movie, and Clinton comes out and talks to the audience. And it just is just fabulous. It's tremendous. So if you're a Clinton person or if you hit him like poison, which is possible, and you like Kenny Star, which I can't even imagine at, and Richard Melon's cave, hunting of the president. I'm going to send that to you all during the break. I'll be beautiful if that on a way. All right. And the trousers and rekissed you. This is the one where you find out how evil Gerald Ford was, and about how he and Kissinger went to Indonesia, and then it with evil presidents who are heart-to, and they said, oh, you want to kill all those people that East Timor go ahead. They're not really any threat to you. But go ahead and butcher a couple hundred thousand people. But we're just way too we get back on a plane go back to the states. And you're just a little bit of cover. And they did. And not to mention of course what they didn't truly, and how they got I&A out of office. They put in the butcher of Chile. Isn't I so old man, by the way? I see. I'll go up to a pinch. And anyway, you'll, when you see the thing with the Kissinger, you actually would like to go and pick him apart, sell by sell stem by stem, piece by piece. Hey Henry, SBTC, baby. Now it's starting to say that you're former president. I mean, he's a drummer than the one we got now even. Although equally dangerous, maybe. But he's had a pacemaker put in the accident. And remember the British group, the British invasion jury and the pacemakers? Absolutely. Have you seen the way that the fact was there in the class? There was the first version. You're very cross-democracy. Anyway, here's the first memo. I got a series of memos, including one of our Kenny Walker. I don't know who Kenny Walker is. I mean, they could write 400 memos until I hear money or one day next week. Now what's the story? Next Monday, August 28 starts the new QM lineup. Oh, God, it's going to be something. And this is going to be good, and this is going to be something. Well, guess what they're talking about on CNN. Take place. Later this morning inside the criminal. Expedition hearing for car set for 1230 PM Eastern day like time. Make sure 1230 that were glued glued to the TV. Okay? Get the crazy glue out. Because there's the anything else going on in the world beside John Mark. Car of course not. No. I mean, if you would watch, listen, of all of all of the videos. All of the DVDs. This is very cross-democracy. Hey, you're fair. Jerry, Brian Hood. Mary. The trials of Henry Kissinger, filled by Alice, Give me and Eugene Jerarchy. Eugene Jerarchy, by the way. You know what the other DVD he did? No. He produced. Oh, you just got through watching it. And watching it again this weekend. In fact, that's why we fight. You know what I said about 10 times excellent. What are you very easy watch? You know, not a whole lot of statistics or anything like that. Just point by point interview with PDF. It was great. It's just tremendous. And of course, most of it has to do with Iraq and all the lies and the BS. In fact, Russia, what's his name, fine gold from what's constantly, if today made a speech and was rambling and rambling and screaming and screaming and carrying on about all the lies in Iraq. It's about time some of the Democrats who were tiny parole. Okay, lies. All these people are done. All the soldiers died because of lies. Just like Vietnam. 58,000 kids came back and body bags. Anyway, the trials of Henry Kissinger. You must get this DVD. I'm going to send you both to these. I think like that. Great. Not my copies. I'll send you to have Amazon do it. I have some Amazon sent to you. Warren Crow Marty. Here's a memo from Clarence Diro. Who was in. Had a little visit from Clarence this morning. Also from Troy. He's no longer in sales. Troy's a good guy. So he said that they are not going out of business. He sent a desperate to get a job across the street over there at the stadium diner. So we can keep saying across the street. And that doesn't mean anything. Right? Animal hospital over there. There's an animal hospital. I don't know if I was going to take tiny there one day. But he died first. But and then there's the tire of the world change place. Remember what was your name? Oh, what the hell's your name? Who? Oh, come on. The bad thing brought. Oh, whatever she was getting her oil. She was getting the lube job. Oh, yeah. I was going to build up and people was your man in her over there across the street. And I heard you be on whatever station. That wasn't that kind of. What's the thing? What's the idea? I don't think so. I lose track. I and Z in a former incarnate. One of those. Like the channels screwed up really bad. They split them up. Which is which them up. And I don't get to know what's to it. Which is the way. So that was the deal. And that's a true story. She was over there getting her lube job. She was getting her waxy build up. Maybe that's why waxy is across the street also. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Look at something. But the only thing we know about them is that everybody who used to work there is working for us now. I'll get to that memo in a minute. Toast came in this morning. Everybody who does stuff for the radio knows toast and omelet. Omelet. Maybe omelets to guy. No. I don't know. How do we know? Wasn't omelet. I've been used to work with cash and over. All the breakfast foods work there. And also toast worked on that show. Because toast was on Zeta. He was on 940. Whatever that means. They have an aversion to WINZ. You know those are some of the best call letters in America. You know what I say? They are doing INS in New York. Wins 1010. I'll tell you about that. I'll tell you about WINZ. I'm kidding. And also 790 of the ticket. Greg Lemega. You know what I mean? I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. I don't even have any idea. And again we are going to come together. I sometimes come and the begin form. two things evidently it had the controversy added to the fact that he wasn't getting paid going to let locker room and pump pump pump and couldn't get his paycheck and of course anybody's been around this radio station any more than a week should know that the beastly is the one to pay on time anyway all the way on the station and mad dog with that time wasn't it didn't have a full-time gig yes bitching every eye me was on here just screaming and carrying on threatening not to come back because he couldn't get paid by these cheap batched like little Oliver asking for a quote crocheted know that a front but I have it only there was some kind of a spastic good deal that went on and and the other thing I would say about that is anybody with one ear that works would know he didn't belong on the university if they go red blowers and yeah there you go yeah blow out your ears they got a little boxy build up in there so he'll probably surface across the street that is of course if they're still in there okay now let's see here's the you know it was just a rumor that's all Joyce it was just a freaking rumor that Josh court has started well actually he didn't start he who started rock solid is a hint now so you know you really get me is the hidden run artist people like oh well they still up the crap and then they like a crawl into the bed all I don't know nothing about that you like right you know throw it open up a big mouth and just stand up and be counted Orlando rock solid that's all and the problem the reason we got the information screwed up or maybe it was just a date that's wrong the reason it was because when when Josh court has got told that by the bigoid there was no interpreter there to like clarify and if he's speaking to the bigoid you definitely need an interpreter let's see now here's the one about welcoming two members of the QM staff and here's the one about Kenny Walker joins QM and the new lineup next week we got some heavy heavy duty this is the middle router because Club this is 5 16 3 your opinion he's running away like you did We're a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party A party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, a party, It's really, it's been quite the centuries There's really, it's really, watch it every day on your TV There's really, it's really, you'll see, back to refugees There's really, it's so, I can't deny it There's a piece to be alive There's a book to live, we still have a place How to stay inland out of town It's simple to know, even when you're incarnation So why aren't you off jail? So why aren't you off jail? Good, weeks, let's make it mı, good It's really stubborn, ye'll visit me And I know I'm here So what does that have to do with Lil' John benay? There's a message in all of this. And if you want to protect your little girl, don't dress her up like some kind of a hooker. Make a part of her. Like Whitney Spears, who looks like a RL man. That's all. He's video making her rounds between her and K-Fed. She looks like she's been well fed. Oh yeah. She's not just pregnant. She's a cow. You're likely to... She makes Oprah look like Karen Carpenter on a bad day. Anyway, here's a fact that she's just... Please add Russ Fingle to the pool. All the potential Democrats are scum. Oh man. They're filming it and put the SV word in and that would have been really bad. As in some bitch. Oh and speaking of... So on biography channel, the day they had my RLansky again. Remember I told you I had seen that file. I clip your... No, but I gotta play this stuff in Jackie Mason's advice. You were here. On the streets of heavily Jewish Miami Beach. Landsky became an elder statesman, a living legend. The most prized Jews in the world of Miami Beach, like the holiest people to unguards everything. Even God wasn't close to my Lansky. So they saw my Lansky figure. And about God, this was God. They used to wait. You can follow him. Look at him. If he walks on the street, they would talk about how slow he walked out first. Then he had a dog, a cow, a horse, that he said, down, get up. But time once I were in this little valley. Down in Miami Beach. And he sued young boys. He might be young because I'm never kind of looking at my grandpa. I was gonna stand on the background. And they could have a sinister landscape. We'd like to get your autograph. And he kind of looked at it seriously. I was playing with my grandpa because what did I do? What did I do? What did I do? What did I do? And I can't even hear what he said. No, I don't sign out of the grass. No, I don't sign the water gramps. But I walked my dog on the beach. It didn't even rain. That was his grandson. But the first part was your buddy, Jackie Mason. I told you I saw Jackie Mason on the beach. 1956. It's almost 50 years ago. It was 50 years ago. He was walking his dog. He was walking his own. He was walking his own. My Lansky's dog. 50 years ago. It was an empty eating rock. There wasn't a eating rock. I don't think. What the hell was that hotel? It was up from the Atlantic. We stayed at the Lansky. The Lansky. We stayed at the Atlantic. And this is like a block away. No, we're joking. He looked and topped exactly the same then. Exactly. The same then. As he does now. Old. You know what I mean? Yes. He became an elementary statesman. A living legend. The most quiet is Jews in the world. Just like that. Anyway, that's a... That's from the Margarlance Guthing on Biography. It's great. Don't watch the Charles Henry Kissinger unless you want to really know what's going on in the world. And what does that have to do with poor little John Beney? Here's another memo from Josh Dero. It says, I would like to welcome two members to the WQM staff. Well, I think they're the ones that start all those ugly rumors about that business across the street going under. They know. First Allison Turner. I wonder if she's related to Fran Allison or June Allison. I guess it depends. Allison Turner will be joining us as executive producer for KQM. In producer of the Hague Old Merge Show. Allison comes over after serving most recently as the program director of 790, the ticket, you know. The guy's across the street. Then guys, she also has experience in working in West Palm, Bates & Philadelphia as well as CBS Sports Line. Second, Greg LaMiga, aka Toast. He's the Toast of the Town. He ain't no Ed Solomon, but he's, you know my grandma used to call Ed Solomon Ed Solomon. He used to make it. He's a little bit older than Ed. He's a little bit older than Ed. He's a little bit older than Ed Solomon. Toast for me, working as one of the producers. I'm the Kenny and Bob Morton, know that they've Johnson's Jewish. The Kenny and Bob Morton show. He's worked for many years in the South Florida market, including the Zeta, the Zeta. What does that mean, Clarence? Including the Zeta, 940 and 790, the ticket. All I see the Zeta, the ticket, you got it? I got it. He currently runs his own sports radio prep service. When he came in here, we were two busy, we can't legal memories. But they should ask him what that means. What does a sports radio prep service? I don't know what that means. And I'll be saying people are ready for it. He's still booking guests for Stugas. Is that what that means? Clarence. So that's the amendment number two. Memon number three. Oh my god. Well, first before we get to that, it's too long and pondered. And as I do all in part with that new lineup next Monday, August 28th. I'm WQAM. Your South Florida's Heritage Sports Radio Station. We have no idea what that means, but Clarence has come up with a great line. Our heritage sports radio team. As in like you said, the Heritage Foundation. 916 votes on yesterday's George Poll. What do you, did you end the rest fine-gold on there by the way? Yes, I did. Good. Nice work. That means we got two Jews on there. I voted for Elliot Spitzer. Really? Oh yeah, he's going to be the governor in New York. He's going to win that hands down. And he's a great guy. He could be anybody. He could be McKan. He could be Julianne. He's great. I voted for how even though he's a, you know, he's got a chance. I'm going to win. I still. And we'll, let we'll get to that. And we only have 800 and 4 votes. Our goal is 0.5 during the show. What do you wish you had a video of? George had 916 votes yesterday. Angelina Jolie and her girlfriend to an 98. Cheney secret energy meeting is under 81. I wonder if Kenny Boyle was in there. Maybe his body is still in the, maybe that's where they took his body. Let's find out where the bodies are buried across the street. OJ killing the cool and run 111. George Bush doing blow. 100. That's bad. Oh, that's when I voted for. KFAD knocking up Brittany 67. Please. Oh, after seeing. I think that was the end. Both of the day. Oh, my god. Boy, is he got talent or what, huh? Taney Schoenekai in the face. Now there's a good one. He's keep five. His body. Oops. So we can see how. It's like we were. He's the Israelis in the US. So when we were bomb the wedding party, it's like, Oh, oops. Sorry. You know what's, and why we fight? I think about the, they keep showing Xibobren over again about the first. What is it the first? I should have written it down in the early part of the, a racket tack. How many different precision bombings we made. And now we have them hit their target right. Remember that? Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Oh, look at that. Oh, I missed it. Damn it. Was that a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a thing again. I'm a guy. Oh, I love that. Oh, video of the grassy. No well. See how some of these tie together must be. No well boy. Oh. The grassy, no old 32, no old as felt. K and O L L. They got a couple of right letters in there. Nice gone, draft. And Eric, the grassy, no well. Where are we? A literate on the shore of what? And I'm sitting here reading new stories. One more on I am. Now Gibson's duck entire. He's had about 30 minutes. He wrote. I was. He's serving the bill couldn't not. servicing. I think it was the word you were looking for. But left a letter out a couple of, Well, Monica was going to go. 23. And who the hell would want to see that? Boy, she was a, Yeah. Oh, and you know what? What else? When you watch, you're behind the president. Yes. Now even a grad in he may not have had the best taste in the world. He didn't marry a squalory after all. And he was doing, well, someone might have to issue his doing him. But take a look at that Paula Jones. Oh, I have. There is no, there is nothing on the face of the globe. Even, I said, even this one. Yeah, even he wouldn't do her. You need a welding mask to look. Wow. And Marilyn Monroe's last night in the night. Oh, how do you like that? I even look at that. That's a beautiful psychic vibe again by the way. Okay. One one. What's your emergency? I'll look for her. Ready? He's already. Everybody's whipped up into her friends. He choices. But it would put her mouth in. It was great this morning. Like old-time all over again. Duff was in there. She would make a little cameo. Troy came by and we had toast. And I'm going to house your breakfast from how he's doing. Oh, not here yet. Well, why not? We'll have to get us some. I had my bacon already. Don't forget. To DVDs. You must watch if you have a IQ larger than your small toe. Okay. The hunting of the president. They tend your campaign to destroy Bill Clinton. And be sure, boxed a special feature where he speaks at the end of it. It's just great. Good stuff. And the trials of Henry Kissinger are filmed by Alice Gibney and Eugene Jerarchy. Now, the only thing you'll say, well, that lunatic is honored at the Christopher Hitchens' honor. He's not really honored all that much. And don't get the condom by getting the wrong DVD because he's also going. Yeah. Because of Seth's honor. And as much as I can't say, Chris operations in many areas, the fact that a matter is when it comes to Kissinger, he's got a stomach in it. Maybe he's just an exercise tonight. That could be it. 28 past 10 at 5, 60 WC. What's that line of look like today is we're like winding down his old, staageline up at doing so poorly. We got Curtis at two, man dog for the 630. No Hank until on the Axiards, Hank's done in the morning to hump her right. Correct. And he's on the Marlins on deck of Marlins who will beat the Washington. In fact, they don't have two more games to go. So they're probably back to within 600 or 500 again. Thanks for watching every day. They'd be undefeated. Marlins on deck at 630. How about those blue jays? Lowering an 8-0 in lead last night. That was really good. Little counter-tomced. I even know about that Josh was telling me all about. What's that guy's name? Eli Lilly. Eli Lilly. And the manager, John Gibbon, who was aping it up in the dugout. They almost got into like, came to blows. Lily couldn't figure out why he had the manager took him out of the game. This because he was getting little up like a Christmas dream. He wasn't even going to eat nothing. And they lost the Osis Court. 119? Yeah, that's it. Some like it. Marlins and Washington at 7-0-5 followed by the World Famous Ed Capone Show. One thing about an E.K. man, the other day parts may come and go and swing and sway like Sammy K. But at any K is always there. Out there, but also as always there. And that's still easy. They continue to be South Florida's top cigar, shot with one of the broadest, one of the biggest most amazing inventories containing outstanding unbeatable selection of over 8,000 open boxed of cigars including Perdomo, anxden V.H.C.R.Turoff Wente, Padroan, Madakrister, Romeo and Julieta, all the other top names you know and love. And lots more, including special hard to find them scurice cigars that you won't find like in every 7-11. Buy your premium cigars for the prices seconds and stick around for a while and enjoy your smooth smoke and stovies in their wine lounge featuring Pierre Andrey. A hundred percent Pinot and War and lots of other fine wines from all around the world. Probably almost as exclusive as the fine wine at the John Mark Car was written on that chapter in business. Yeah, why is everybody so whipped up about so I had a little bit of duck duck. It's very fatty by the way in the top of the ringman early. That's all. You'll find stowies in one that's true and very fatty. Stowies is at 116.12 growth, Kendall Drive and Kendall just to have my Easter days at 20 off the turn. Open every day of the week, we'll light up seven days of week for your smoking and dancing pleasure. Just tap your toe in puff away, call today to reserve your favorite cigars. It's still using 305. 598.98.20 when you stop into the shop. Don't forget to say hi to Mary on the girls hand, and Heather, and they give you a free cigar. I don't know how good it will be, but they give you a little something to light up. And you'll wander around and probably take on the whole bunch. That's still these at 116.12 growth, Kendall Drive and Kendall tall 305. 598.98.20. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516.15. The bus reporters don't. Yeah, they can't have them. We're at the bus reporters don't. Somewhere in Lesby and On. After rest of the meal comes. If you're self-immon and one, I hope they don't return. Traitors like them should only burn. Maybe they'll get never done. Poor son and not see-through. They'll have them all to chill their gun. And snack their asses down. They have dogs, poor dogs and stains. And raps that scum, and they're so thin, and go to scratch their throat, and go for get, or go for the dog. The dog, the dog, the dog. They shot away their miracle. You wait for the get-up, how they know what the ground shoots go. You see me warm and close. No one would be to say where it is. If you take them all away, thank you for the way. You're the one who brought it to you. Oh, another word. You're fair. Yeah. I was just thinking about what's the card leadership. Remember the time that I almost got killed and I drove, I was driving too fast up on the stadium. The one over here, who... Right here in 441. Right. Yeah. Well, if we can figure out where we're going to place, I don't think so. Oh, well, whatever it is. We'll figure it out. They're good guys over there. They were very nice to me that day. My head was like all ballooned up and everything. I had my head on the day. A big one. Who said? Yeah. They were very nice to me. And then you came by and took me to the hospital, which I thought was a little over the top. Well, nevertheless, it's better to be safe and sorry. Those guys are across the street. Yes, they are. And they still will be around March 1st, March 2nd, March 2nd, March 2nd. They're doing their hardly dealership across the street. The hardly dealership will still be there in the eyes of March. This is a... Josh and I were talking about this before the show. Before the game. Today. Before we start a game time. While the Oakland Athletics team fighting for a playoff spot, they tried to blue jays. They're still fighting with each other. This is according to Sports Illustrated.com. And they know their crap. But it comes to sports. In fact, I would say they're probably the heritage website source. When you said that, Josh? No. But he given. He said no punches were thrown. We were on the verge of something regrettable happening. We were yelling at each other face to face. The lily said, Eli Lilly. Bobby Kilthy, homeward and drove in four runs for the A.Z. Jadiati, who tied an Oakland record for the biggest comeback. He said, Blue jays had nothing lead, but then Lillie was pulled in the third inning. When the A score of seven runs, here's the best part. Gibbons, two-out-his-pitcher, who refused to give him the ball. He had a Yankee out of his hands in the ball too. When Lilly left the mom for the clubhouse, Gibbons followed him. A team trainer ran a number of players and ran down the stairs. Cameron and knew the dugout saw Gibbons push Lilly first. Canadian press photographer Aaron Harris, one of my handful of photographers to witness this skirmish, said Lilly was waiting for Gibbons in the tunnel into the clubhouse. Gibbons just went at him. Harris said, look, I Gibbons grabbed him in a disappeared. Then the whole dugout infi back there was Mayhem down on the tunnel. He knew it sounds like a dog dog. A television camera later showed Gibbons in the training. And he wiped the managers nose with a towel. And here's the greatest line I have ever read in the history of sports. He thought he should have been left in the game. Gibbons said, Lilly, I didn't think so. Gibbons met with Lilly after the game. We hashed it out. He said, everything is fine. Right now, we're fine. Except Lilly's pitching ability was he still sucks. He sucked before this happened. And he still sucks. He couldn't get your grandma out. He couldn't get my grandma out and about dead for a long time. He's looking at him out. I like that. Not a great line. That's special. He should have been left in the game. He was good lit up like a high gun bush. And he only gave up eight runs. Right. And in any. Right. I think no house to. He only had an eight nothing leave. It was only stakes to it. And I was stake. I want that duck and shrimp that the goofy guy got. John Mark Carr. SB Ted. What is that? TCB. TCB. TCB. I shall be the conqueror. Victory. SB TCB. He's done it. That might be from something literature. What you know, the interesting part of it is though that. The. The ransom note. All the different lines in there are from different movies. None of what they said the Ramses had ever seen. They weren't big movie people. They know they were still waiting to see Bambi and reruns. Yeah. And most of the lines in the ransom note were for a well-known bizarre movies. Did he. Can't you tell them that or not? Yeah. That's a good one. You better start doing a lot more job than a homework. Because there's like 85 hours a day programming on this stuff. And you're not catching up to it. I watched right till midnight last week. Well, I think I'm doing a shot better. Keep up on this crap, man. I know more than I want to know about that. Well, believe me, you ain't heard nothing yet. Trust me what I tell you. I heard the dog done it. Sweden State Broadcaster SVT yesterday faced ridicule for mistakenly showing a porn movie in the background of a news broadcast over the weekend. You know, I read this story. I put it on our website. I was thinking to myself, they're always bitching that not enough people, especially young people watching the news on TV. Right. You can watch him crap. You know, like America's got talent, even though we can't find any. If they want, if they want more people to watch the news, why can't they emulate this? Put some porn movies on the background. But you think they would attract a much broader audience? Sure would. But at the end of the year, there was a five minute news update at midnight Saturday. It could not. It could see explicit scenes from a check porn movie. A TV screen behind news anchor Peter Dogwin. This is in Stockholm, of course. It's a check show. The monitor, one of many on the wall of a control room visible behind the studio, normally shows other news channels during broadcast. Kind of like a network. Remember when he was a return on the different networks they were reporting about Howard Beale? Yes. But staffers who earlier in the evening had watched this force of an on cable channel, Canal Plus, which often shows radio shows next week, it films after midnight, had forgotten the switch in fact, and the director Perry Yang, Yang, YNG, Yang. This is highly inversing an unfortunate thing, said it must not happen again. A producer quickly spotted the sex scenes and ran into the control room and turned off the monitor, and said, he said there have been no complaints from viewers about them, but enormous interest from the media. Swedish tabloids yesterday, post-fund at the Steamy Broadcast, jokingly changing the name of the show, which is report to Rapom. I'll write, report, I see, I see. Uh, rapor to rapor, I was wondering. Mangus Akrelind, who oversees the hourly news updates told Tabloid Expressen, he was shocked and dismayed them to state, it's a huge blunder by Aussie said. A huge blunder bus. Never seen a huge blunder bus? Yes, it's a matter of fact. Usually, it didn't little jitties are blunder bus. We're going by those Haitian guys. 19 before 11 at 5.60, everybody come to the Nagyabar Puri at 3 today, I did not. That's all we're ready to 20. Less than 24, but I still haven't even been to this port yet, and we got 868. Who should the Democrats run from present in 2008? And you may think it's a little premature premature evaluation. You'd better start thinking about it right now, Mr. because this regime has got to go. Got to go. Al Gore, 248. Not great, but 248. He'd be okay. He already won once, want to give another shot. Howard Dean, 144. Good choice, but no chance. I don't care 111. Well, listen at P.T.K. 111 people don't give a crap. Barack Obama 87, no chance to dark. Hillary 77, oh my god. John Edward 64, two rednecky, Joe Biden 56, two a full of crap, two wishy washi, he's another water. Elliott Spitzer, that's the man you're how many of us only it's got. But he's Jewish. I hate this pull 29 only 3.3%. John Kerry 17, 17, 1.9% for scary John Kerry. Wow. And Russ Fyngel, who just went on there, he's going to pass Kerry like he's sitting down. He's got six, but who go by him? Oh, he's Jewish. Not that there's anything wrong with that. Oh, I wish you. You think a Jew King elected president? Which do you often about? What? Depends. Look at that Jew leader. How did you get here? Yes, which for Democrats? Not too do we. 1042 at 560 WQN. If you go back to school, it can be a little rough for the kids. A good night's sleep is critical for development of a healthy mind. Or even on healthy mind. If your kids are having trouble adjusting to school night, but time it may just be the mattress asleep, but on a piece of crap, it may be lumpy and had it. Done. Fynito, like a lot of us. Call down a mattress toll for you. 1-800 mattress. They can recommend a mattress for kids of any age. Have a new bed delivered late in time. You choose the same deal they've been doing for years. And nobody can come close to matching it. 7 days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 p.m. You give down a mattress into our window. And they go up here mattress on time. Even the same day that you call if you want. And the mattress right now can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. Get the absolute best selection in this prices on silly. Sort of Simmons King Quill, Sterns and Foster, who would never be to all the top names. And be sure and check for low prices online at mattress.com. We're in column at dialometris at 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATTR ESLY Rothleast. And it's because it stands for Stupendous Sensational Savings. The face is real rubbish. This is 5.62. David's a bitch. Let's do the good thing. Tuesdays, say good bye. Day day day, day by night. I have terrible birthday day. I must have a terrible way. This I can be with you. Like you did in the old. I just don't make your sleep. But about the sports I dream. Like just in 10 minutes. I think you so high. Don't want to live a great day. I want to stay. Don't even be timbed. I'm back. I am day day day. Day day, we're about to go to space. This is where the S&M that's all over the place. Day we live. My dashing day to some day day day day. 1047. Day at 5.60. WDQ. I'm happy Tuesday to August 22. Oh, and by the way, today, August 22nd. Oh, what am I doing then? I don't tell me I didn't print that out. For the end of the world. Today in history or something? No, no. It's more important than that. Oh, don't tell me. I don't have that in my past. Today is supposed to be the big with the muslims. A big while. A big to do. Yeah. And I don't think I got it in my style here. Oh, no. That's bad. It was all about the, there's some bubble mice. They got about August 22nd. I don't have something. And I don't have it. I was sure I had it. I think you're stolen. I said, I don't think you took it. Well, I got too many of these stupid memos here. And I got too much stuff here about John Beney. But first I got to memo about Kenny Walker doing WDQ. And everybody knows that by now. And you know who Kenny Walker is? Never heard of him. I should probably read this. It's written. It's just funny. It's funny. Program director Josh Diro of South Florida's Heritage Sports Association. I have no idea what that means. And he's going to explain it either. Five 60 WQ a.m. I guess that's supposed to be like a little shot. Well, we were here first. Okay. We've already. Other emitators came along. Really heritage sports. Rader states. And he's old. As an answer, legendary Florida radio person out. Kenny Walker is joining the station. Effective August 20th. That's just next Monday. Damn it. Walker best known for as many years as well in hundreds. Morning show host with sidekick. Fully who's a real a whole. We'll host a morning drive slot. And I'm not missing that. That's what currents wrote in there. Footies really. We'll close the morning drive slot Monday through Friday from 7 to 10. And log with Kim Bo Bo Camper for the brand new Kenny and Bo Molen show. So we got no no and we got no more crow but we got Kenny and Bo. How do you like that? Yo yo. We don't know. We are very pleased to welcome Kenny as the newest member of the Fume staff said Diro is very background. Connection of the dolphins in impressive history in South Florida. Makes for a great addition to our already stiller line up of Erich talent. Walker the tremendously popular radio personality who he had never heard of until this memo had been with Wyland 100 for 10 years. Most recently is half of the Kenny and Fully team and the Wyland 100 morning show. Well unfortunately when I'm in town I don't listen to Wyland 100. Why? 100. Huh? No I had never. 100. Not for a long time I should say. Well I was really proud. Since Tanner was on 100 years ago. And wasn't telling you funny. Funny socks was on it. Kind of a while man. She was on she. He didn't get candid kiss or read dream at. Same five. I probably said that either because then the George Floyd. Walker the tremendously popular radio personality that was the Bavanna for 10 years. Yeah. When Kenny became available we say huge opportunity to grab one of the best love DJs in South Florida and put him on WQAM. The comment DJs. The combination of Kenny and Kim Bo Kampo for the Kenny and Bo Morning show is something we are very confident and excited about. I know thousands of fans of a missing Kenny's presence on the air we are thrilled to have him as part of the team said Joe Bell WCAM general manager. Now do you think that those 10 year old kids listen to while 100? Those people are going to be listening to WQAM. We get hopes though. They will be now because anybody over 15 don't have any idea who Kenny Walker was. But I'm sure he's going to be great. Walker divorce of the dolphins is their instant in PA announcer after Joe we were our J. Roe Keats got canned because he was too. Now wait. J. Roe Keats was he doing the dolphins or just the marlins. Josh. I'm not sure if he was doing the dolphins. But you didn't give me a can to buy the marlins. I don't know about that. Yeah, J Roe Keats. They thought he was too staff and more. You know like what he does to you. You know, he's a silly guy. But his family made a lot of money and pickles. They're in a pickle business. Don't tell Joyce that. Walker voice of the dolphins as in their state in PA announcer is the proud father of three married Dory Grogan director of the dolphins cheerleaders and the event entertainment. Oh my god, it sounds like a really insistuous set up to me. Oh, the good kind. I didn't say that. I just didn't insist to his relationship. She's the dolphins. I wonder if they know a fudge brown probably heck of a job browning. Other changes in the sports radio QM line. If we'll take place August 28, 2006 and will include the big old Orlando Walsai Gary who stared at all those rumors about across the street, probably. Rock solid Monday to Friday 5 to 7am. Isn't that true Josh? Don't say anything. August and Irvis live. No, it's true. You wouldn't want to tell me but somebody told me that was George Senate. It's amazing that with those Cubans turn on each other like over and around. The Kenny and Bob Morning show with Kenny Walker and Kim Bobo Camper, Colma Inducing Kimba Monday to Friday 7am. New Rogers 10 to 2, just like you know even you never even get mentioned here. Mad Dog Jim managed 2 to 4 PM. Mad Dog Jim managed and the Hammer Hank Goldberg 4 to 5 PM together. The most expensive hour in South Florida radio 4 to 5. The Hammer Hank Goldberg or solo 5 to 7 PM. So in other words Mad Dog was doing 2 to 5, Hank's doing 4 to 7 may have an hour across rest. Game broadcast and sports talk Monday to Friday 7 to 10 PM and it tap into 2. I said where's guilty in this? And first said you voted to think I'm going to put a guy who sounds like that on the air. I said good point. And then there's a thing on the bottom of this. This is hysterical. This press release. I bet you didn't put a press release out about our spring rating book. Did he? Current zero. Because this year was the one that kicked ass while the others were sucking a hind wind. But he didn't put a lot about that or a press release because we met again some mentioned somewhere, like my very jackass. Then here's the thing about the Beasley group which the less said about them the better. Founded in 1961. Oles or operates 42 stations 26 FM and 16 AM in 10 large and mid-sized markets in the US. Oh yeah. And in addition to sports radio 560, in the mining market, Beasley owns 99.9 Kiss Country, WDKS, Power 96, Money Talk Radio WSPRAM70, which served as a company for the 740, which there are six people who listen to that. Health Talk Radio WWNN1470, which I think that's the station. Mr. Egozano, I'm sure. WHSRAM-90 and nobody knows what that is. Do you know what it is? I guarantee anyone to know. And now here comes the best part. Beasley's WQAM WKIS, Power 96 WWNNN and WHSRAM, our now broadcasting in Crystal Clear, CD quality sound made possible by HD radio technology. For those six people who have access to HD radio, don't you love our Crystal Clear signal? Oh my god, I love it. Just click on people get that radio. Huh? Just click on people get that radio. Oh yeah, wait, well, here's an article about Bob Geiger. A lot of words to who's counting. That's cute. Oh, no, this is good. This is perfect. I love this. All John Bene, all the time. I can't believe I don't have that article about August 22nd. Is this the end of the world of it? Is something Hocus Pocus Mumbo Jumbo Jumbo Jit? I don't know what it is. I can't find it. Did I put it on our website? Josh? I don't know. I think you're so many. I breathe those things, man. And there's like Heidi. I'm not cutting back. God, half of those. Oh, I know. I noticed I cut back on the stories that I cut back on a check. Okay, like once every five years, in some say, I only got two years to go. Let's see, is the, I don't think it's on there. I'm looking at the different stories. No, I don't know where to, I don't know where to, how I had that. Maybe I dreamed it. Do you think I dreamed it? It's Pocus. I know I didn't dream, and I've seen it. August 22th, like that episode in Berlin. I know I didn't dream that, but I might just as well have. Anyway, can't find it. Very important note today is the end of the world. Bob Geiger writes in, what is this so where is he writes? Bob Geiger in all the global mail. Toronto global mail. All John Benay all the time. In news this morning, this was the yesterday. We had another blood bath in Iraq. His government showed up a she had religious procession in Baghdad, killing at least 16 people, enjoying 230. Bob, 30 minutes. More American troops have been killed in Afghanistan by Taliban and surgeons. Guess we didn't really get rid of the Taliban before George W. Iraq disaster was started, and as we knew, Treble in the Tenuous Middle East Seas fire. And what's the top story on all the cable news channels this Sunday morning? The John Benay ran to the case and the gripping fact that the newly discovered suspect John Mark car is on a plane and coming back to the USA. Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me? Are you freaking kidding me? He says, don't get me wrong. I'm the father of an annual boy. I can appreciate the horror of any child being murdered. But this case is one child. It's over a decade old. And at this point, there are serious questions over where the car will are even turn out to be a viable suspect in the killings. SPTC, baby, PTA. I love it, okay. Lucky struck means fine tobacco, LSMFT. This may be an important regional stirring power letter where the killing curtain perhaps the seventh or eighth story told to an national audience. But considering everything else is really important that truly affects the stability of our planet and real people's lives, this is nowhere near the top story on our national news. Adding to what will continue to be an ongoing media of session with this case in which our single threaded corporate media finds this to be the only story they can cover is the fact that it's now when revealed the car was a patient at a Bangkok clinic that specializes in. This is in, sex change operations and looks like car went there for treatments. Oh boy, the only way this gets knocked out of the news now is when some blind ship goes missing in the Caribbean. So here's a chicken and egg question. Have the American people become so dumb down because this is the kind of non-story that's a corporate media beats in the ground for hours on in and for days at a time or does the media do it because we become so vacant and disinterested in real news that this is the kind of stuff we already care about. I would say both of you both. There's a lot of speculation going on about whether the car's story even makes sense and a friend of mine who's both a lawyer and writer said he wouldn't report more than a one liner about this until DNA evidence or whether it's a respectable proof verifies the car car's as little girls death. For the sake of our national awareness and intellect I hope DNA testing is done quickly and whoever should be carrying so intensely gets to the bottom of this case. Even if car does turn out to be the killer, this is not the top star in the world right now it's not even close and one of its discovered that he's just an attention-seeking nut case that had nothing to do with it. At this point the media's pushness is the story we should all care about the news and the news and the news. They made the decision that a suspect an intendiary-world murder case and the fact that he's getting on an airplane is more important than the incendiary situation in the middle east, a civil war and a raqqist killing an average of 100 people a day. And the way our own involvement in that crap-marid drives our country further into the toilet every day. Even if they did focus on these real stories they should still find time to talk about 46 million Americans with no health insurance and the women all questions that will have severe impact on people as winter approaches. That's what journalists are supposed to do for a living but in defines of all of that now we're assaulted with all John Beney all the time. In their warp news judgment the media is deciding for all of us what we should be more concerned about. Mind-finement developments with John Mark Carr. Then the fact that our brave men and women continue to be lost in the racking Afghanistan they're making a decision every hour that the story of such incredibly species importance is more relevant than the deaths of our men and women serving in uniform overseas. And for that fact alone they should be profoundly ashamed of it. It's not a media that is clearly a crime that someone do now. We beat the A, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C C, C, C, C, C C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, F, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, P, C, C, C, F, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, F, C, C, C, D, C, C, C, C, C, C, D, C, C, C, C, C, D, C, C, C, C, R, S, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, L, C, L, S, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C,plate C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, This information comes from no less than a source than the Wall Street Journal where Bernard Lewis, person and Bush's favorite historian provides the details. In Islam, as in Judaism and Christianity, the professor wrote, there were certain beliefs concerning the cosmic struggle at the end of time. God and Magog, Antichrist, Armageddon, and for Shiite Muslims, the long-witted return of the hidden Imam, ending in the final victory of the forces of good over evil, however those may be defined. The hidden Imam, I wonder if he's kind of the, what's out of the one? Mauded. Who? I mean, you think a little kid to the ice cream store, no kid and I feel, was, there's a lot of molded. Oh, I wonder what you did to that? Were you listening to this? Mr. Ahmadinejad, you know what I actually said. Wow. You're reading in the Nukes Prison. And by the way, in the great that we put Pinnoshan and Chilli and we put, we let so hard to go in there and to East Timor and all this murder and bloodshed and slaughter that's been going on all over. I can't imagine why there's so many people in the world hate America. They hate us for a moment. They like us. For John. All mighty. We do such wonderful things for him. You know, when you see the trials of Kisendir, when you hear our kind of respond to these things, I don't know whether you're going to pee in your pants or just on the floor. You would only have to try somebody propaganda. Mr. Ahmadinejad, and this fall we're clearly believe that this is the time the time is now. Not to mention of course, Cambodia and the Camerar Rouge. Nice job there too, guys. See, we invented all of these, just like we invented the Dalai Al Qaeda and the Israelis invented his blah and Hamas, but nonetheless. Mr. Ahmadinejad, see, I keep going back to the beginning, so I can say again, and his followers clearly believe that the time is now. And if the terminal struggles already begun and is indeed well advanced. Although it just started on CNN, and the certainly not seen news network, including Wolf Lyskrieg, that was a former apac guy. I just thought they were by that Iran says they wanted to get into serious talks on nuclear stuff. They said it's a bomb. It's a gas. They even have a data says indicated by several references by the Iranian president to giving his final answer to the US about nuclear development of August 22nd. Lewis continues, what is this? You Americans have August 22nd. That's today, by the way. This year, August 22nd, correspondence in the Islamic calendar of the 27th day of the month of Rajab in the year 1427. This by tradition is the night when many Muslims commemorate the night flight of the prophet Muhammad on the wing of the horrors of Iraq. First of the farthest mosque, usually identified with Jerusalem, and then to heaven and then back. This might well be deemed an appropriate date for the apocalyptic ending of Israel. And if necessary, the world it says. And they just said that they want to sit down and have some serious talks on nooks. Please don't bomb us. This sort of quiz I will lead us to scare mind. We are always trying to reset the audience in the US. Firstly, among Christians of the hottest persuasion, right? Brian Woodaker in the Guardian. At 90 years old, Professor Lewis may have completely lost his marbles, but he is still faded by the White House. Vice President DeCheni was guest of honor with his birthday party in April. And the Wall Street Journal describes him as a sage. He is credited with coin in the phrase, Class of Civilizations in 1990, and that seems intent on making it a reality. Nevertheless, Professor Lewis does manage if he has just bought a few drawbacks in his alleged Iranian attempt to obliterate Israel. And a tactic of White House's Israel would almost certainly wipe out the Palestinians to he writes. This will be a concern to the Palestinians, but not apparently to their fanatical champions in the Iranian government. He then suddenly demolishes his own argument with this caveat. In his far from certain, a misdrafting an Indian jet plans any such cataclysmic event precisely for August 22. So why exactly did the Iranian choose August 22 as they were giving the rancid of the US about nuclear development? Which I said, let's talk probably for bureaucratic convenience. When they promised to be applied by the end of August, they didn't actually use the word August, but the Iranian equivalent. If you look at the Persian calendar or your Persian carpet, you'll see that August 22 is just happened to be the end of the month known as more dead. See how we got to that more dead? Got it. First, mom, more dead. I don't suppose this will discourage the neocons from continuing to write such a loopy prophet, in nonsense. Here's another that Michael Leedon formally a key figure in the Iran conference candle, and the Iraq Nigerian Yellowcake Affair, Nijer, excuse me. Predicting an Iranian nuclear test by November 5. That's my birthday. They're going to do an honor of me and honor of... They are good! The Iranians believe they now have all the necessary components for nuclear bomb. The only question is how long will take them to a simple intended. Commandia hope to be able to test an atomic bomb by the third week in October, but a scientific adviser is recently told him that they could not make that deadline. Now they're aiming for November 4th or 5th. The anniversary of the seizure of the American embassy in Tehran during the Revolution. There was another November, they'd our leader should take seriously. They 25th the anniversary of the disappearance of the 12th Imam, and thus the most significant day in the Shiite calendar. Reports from Tehran suggested that the Moulos were like to celebrate that anniversary with a big time Tehran techie in America. And then it says he writes, where I lit a crystal. It's utter tosh. What a silly Brit. It's utter tosh. Don't believe a word of it. Leedon was not talking about this coming November 2003, and then he's got a link to the original article. He said three years ago, and didn't have it. But nevertheless, I didn't like that. And so today's supposed to be the end of the world, and how we're going to find out about who killed John Beney. What do we know? There's one thing we want to live for. 941 votes on the pool. Who should have the Democrats run from president in 2008? Let's have the election this week. I say it'd be a good idea. Al Gore, 257, 267, who won in 2000, but somebody I think made him an offering couldn't refuse. I think a lot of people were made off of the different refuse, you know what I mean? No, what do you mean? Otherwise, how could everybody have just gone silent? I mean, I realize there are a lot of people who don't have many balls or any balls, but nevertheless, somebody, I want to make him an offering, can I? Did that. Al Gore, 267, Howard D. 150. I don't care, 123. 13% that's an unlucky number for you. Barack Obama, 94, and I'm lucky for you if you don't make that deal with Sentinel. Hillary 81, John Edward 73, Joe Biden, 61. Ali, it's Spitzer 32. He's moving up a little slowly but surely. That's because they haven't got any idea. He's the Attorney General of New York. He's a good guy, man. He's a no nonsense. He reminds me of Ali at Ness. Do you know what I mean? No, what? Boring, wearing a crash coat? Yeah. No, he was once played by Robert to stack. I see. Well, I can't believe the Robert stack is dead. I just, I mean, I see those unsolved mysteries. The old ones come on here. Happens to everybody. I hear his voice, man. I just get goosebumps. He has such a great voice, you know? Yes, he did. And even in airplane, his race. He's always better. Him or a Lloyd Bridges. Ali at Spitzer 32, I hate this pool only 29, 3% but then again, we got the I don't care crowd. Picking up the slack. John Kerry 19 and Russ Fangell, I told him, 13. I'm lucky never for him because he's Jewish. Great guy. He's got a huge pair. And I was got 14. 140 or 5. Oh, it's our goal is a thousand by two. We get a thousand earlier than that you're finishing the show. I got a story here about guess what it's about. What? I'm going to be with. I didn't give you the clear. What the right? It says the board tight airways to Los Angeles, written by Jocelyn Gekker, the A&P. I like this star market by son. Star market was filtered by sure hooked in not in business anymore. I've been a bit of a do this one before to break. Well, take some calls today. Like this one online nine is going to be really good. Do I have it? Uh-huh. Mumbai's Hitler's cross eatery angres Indian Jews. A new restaurant in India's financial hub named after Adolf Hitler and promoted with poster showing the German leader Renazzi Swastagas as infuriated to company's small Jewish community. Mumbai. Hitler's cross which opened last week, that's the name of the joint. Serves up a wide range of continental fair and a beat helping of controversy. Thanks to a name the owner said they chose to stand out among hundreds of Mumbai eateries. We wanted to be different. This is one name that will stand people's mind owner. Punit Shabla told rotors. We're not promoting Hitler, but we want to tell people we're different in the way he was different. Like a really crappy mustache and a very rare cut. There's a lot of people used to comb and say that comb over you know of the world. We're not seeing that greasy strands. But handy is remaining Jews. Most migrated to Israel on the west over the years. Say they're outraged by the gimmick. This signifies they severe lack of awareness of the agony of millions of Jews caused by one man said Jonathan Solomon chairman of the Indian Jewish Federation. The community's umbrella organization. We're going to stop this deification of Hitler. We said that elaborating. The small restaurant, it's interior done out in Nazi colors of red white and black. Also lands along with smoking the exotic Indian water pipe or huka. Oh no. Go in and get a huka. Postures lined the road leading up to a feature. A red swastika carved in the name of the eatery once Logan reads from small bites to mega joys. That sounds awfully anti-Somantic to you, you know. What are what Jackie Mason would think about him in the beach? Lansky became an elder statesman, a living legend. The most part of Jews in the world by him in the beach are the holiest people to engawd as everything. Even God wasn't close to my Lansky. So they saw my Lansky thinking about the deforeschgrad. He used to worship and follow and look at him. He worked on the street. He would talk about how slow he worked. He has a dog, a cow, a horse. That's great. I think when I told to her clock, when you got that clip, when he's anything more right, when he's anything more. 11.13 at 5.16. The WQM happy August to 22. Maybe at the end of the world, it's the mode dad or whatever. What was it? Moe, SBTC, baby. Victory, SBTC. I don't know what you're laughing about. I shall be the conqueror. What do you think that's good for? I don't. I want you to tell me, but when we come back from the break, what you think SBTC is the significance in that ransom note? Huh? Okay, I'll make something up. Good. SBTC, my ass. It doesn't take good eyesight to see it. I'll tell you one other thing, you'll be drowning in a sea of food when he had to be thirsty. You'll see it all over the place. And last weekend, we fight these resunded thermocross, the best Chinese buffet in all of San Florida. Everybody in their brother now is opening up Chinese buffet. There are a lot of them in taters, but not the life of the original Lee Emerald Coast. Three locations for you. They're in sunrise, Pembroke Pines, sunny hours beach. When you got a big appetite, this is the place for you over 100 different items on the Emerald Coast buffet. Start out with six gourmet soups. In fact, try them all, stick some in your pants. Then go for the New York State juicy and delicious grilled to the way you like it. In car prime rib, there's a sushi bar. And all the traditional Asian dishes as well as a salad bar and a sea bar. There's so much food. You'll be lost, man. You won't even know what to chow down on next to the Emerald Coast. I got some ideas, though. And they're dessert bars spectacular during the week, but on the weekends, the 40 inch chocolate funnel, make your mouth water, you'll be hand dipping your strawberries, marshmallows, cheesecake, all kinds of decadent treats. It's a bottle. It's a bottle. In Los Alamos, in front of dessert, what's that? I shall be the conquer. It is? Yes. You googled it. Yes. You cheated. Yes. Anyway, stick it in there. Perfecting into a feast at the Emerald Coast, which uses only healthy cholesterol, fecono oil, and every MSG. So no pounding headaches when you walk out of there. Just a big smile on your fat pushes you bottle out. Bring the whole family real soon to the Emerald Coast for a real pig out. And don't forget, every Friday through Sunday, it's lobster fish. You can just just, if that go in there when they open and stay there for like, kick out. For reservations called 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. And don't forget, SPTC. From this station at Grudgewood Dead, delivered in cursors. What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? It was fucking a bit of a mistake at it. It's my life. And local life is just for three-year-by-six. Two-way. Two-way. And. All right, this is G Gordon Littie. And they don't come anywhere, then new Rogers. If you kept it enough of toplifting, worst exposing action, then we got the DVD for you. Oh, we see ya. Oh, yeah. Well, it's gone wild. It's the hottest video of the biggest press and most delicious thighs. Oh, baby. My mouth is watering. Look at one of Bay's dumb. What are you now? When you're also getting grills gone wild, Marty Grosh. Show me some beads that I'll show you these. Woo! Good job, sir. I got on the hand. Grills gone wild. Spring. Great cookout. Show me some beads. Show me some beads. And pull the leaf. It's Grills gone wild. French, we hear some sausages. I just realized that they've used the brass. Oh, the food has never been better. So, for the Grills gone wild today. You may just kiss the cook. I prefer a nice brought, my son. It's 119 to find a 16WQM. We got 9172 votes on the pool. We're going to have our 1,000 by 1130. I like that. We're close to it. Aren't you impressed? We're not. I'm impressed. I'm impressed. And I'll tell you why I was inspired to do this pool. Okay. Because of the story from Raw Story. Why I love that website. Not as much as I love watching these two DVDs over the weekend. The trials of Henry Kissinger and the hunting of the President of the 10 year campaign to describe Bill Clinton. You'll see what a slime ball, can he star really is on there in case you didn't already know it? And you know, remember he was going to resign as special prosecutor name was going to go with the grought team. I think he's a good guy. I do really. Well, guess who's the main funder? The main hot shot donor to Pepperdine University. I did a melon scape. Oh, yeah. And then finally, after the whole thing was over and they blew it and they didn't. They can be Clinton. Guess where he wound up? Can he star? Pepperdine. He's the same over to Bill and scape. It puts all the words in that miscarriage as mouth. I'm not sure what else. But a new pool published this week in Time Magazine finds former vice president Al Gore. I'm going to tell you something. He's making a comeback. Even though you've some of you may be laughing right now. Although he's doing well in our pool. Some of you may be laughing a little bit. What a how is that thing where he just goes nuts. Huh? I don't know. It's in here. So here it is. How dare they drag the good thing of the United States of America through the mud on Saddam Hussein. Oh, sir. I'll go grab red. I mean, you know, look what pop-in. We got the look what we got now. Pop-hat gore and we got bush. Anyway, the appole and time-exyens is Al Gore who insisted he isn't running. Trails send it to swore. I couldn't buy only five points. The pool finds go and Hillary splitting a large majority of democratic support. 46 to 41%. And further finds the senator from New York to be a wildly polarizing figure. I can't stand her man for like two seconds. Neither. She's as follows. She's a 76 and a half dollar bill. Yes, she is. Hillary Clinton may be the most polarizing figure on the current political landscape. Time has to be spotted. 11 phrases one could use to describe her from lifeable to would protect America against terrorism. Democrats in Republicans disagree by margin of over 40 points on the Africa ability of A to them. And by 50 points on three of them, including strong leader. Democrats had 77% of Republicans 25. But for tech American against terrorism, Democrats had 67% of Republicans 17. And so strong world values, Democrats 69, Republicans 16, out of yada. Democrats in Republicans came closest in agreement on her intelligence. Democrats 91% 73% and elected that she's sent up her important issues to women. Perhaps the sign of whatever her other problem is a candidate. She's not being held back by gender stereotypes. Well, she's a dichotace. In fact, maybe you've never seen her in John Marquee together. Of her point. Or it could mean that Republicans hate her so much they don't care if she's smart. Partisan divisions even color views of her partisanship. Hillary proponents have a small read of hope to grasp in the 60% of independence that agree with Democrats. At politically, she's somewhere in between liberal and conservative. Perhaps the most intriguing partisan divide comes when Bill Clinton enters the picture. Whereas 57% Democrats agree that Hillary should have stayed with Bill Despite his affair with Monica. Only 32% of Republicans backers of the offensive merri-jacked agree. I wonder what you're liberating to say in now about that. Well, in all of a sudden, you know, it's how you're liberating is talking about how Donny Rumsfield ought to step down and all these terrible things in the way the words been conducted so badly and all this bloodshed and this, you know, is that how he changed in his tune real fast? Oh boy. Oh boy. Yeah. Anyway, George took this pool on Friday over the weekend. Now, did you get a lot of calls on us about this to John Marquee Carcass that's all they're talking about? No. Oh, there's a som on CNN with the Christian M. and for the same person. With an unusual media that was quite a lot of comments. Oh, there's that comedy piccoupe to run at. Cominist. Anyway, who do you think killed John Beney? Don't know, and don't care, 719, overwhelming 42-poil. But you better know a new better care. Okay, like that article that I read a little while ago said, all John Beney all the time, right? Right. Some of we haven't found the a tune 97. Don't know 246. The dad won 63 in the mom once he threw it even Steven. Of course, she's also now. And John Carcass, the weird guy that confessed only 117. Now, what do you tell me about SPTC is from the Bible? A modified version depending on which translation judges chapter A's by line like that. Well, and the old testament, you're by looking at this Bible? You're by Bible, baby. Oh, did you Bible? You know it. I don't think I can get the exact passage over here, but it doesn't add up again. There's more to that line, too, in his earbook. Well, what is it? That's an excerpt. So what difference does it make? None. I guess. I shall be the conqueror, and that's what it's said at the end of the ransom note. But the RISBTC, the line in the earbooks, that maybe I shall be the conqueror and live in multiple peace. And if you notice the scribbling on here, which is just like the scribbling on a ransom note, it does. It looks similar. Yeah. We'll say, how about more similar than the stuff from what's your name? The Dead One, Patsy. She's just a Patsy, I told you. So do you get a lot of calls about that word? They'll say it. I did get a lot of calls about it. It's 24-7. It's even on the food channel, man. Even on the food channel, they're showing him a dining on a duck and prawns and champagne. John Mark Carr, the suspect in the suspect in the death of six-year-old Dominate Ramsey, Sifce and Payne eight, last time. Five Patsy. Or fried food as bad for you. And business ties Sunday have to be put aboard a flight to LA to face charge in the USA as car wind and dive in the style and chat with three three west officials escorting him. Another bombshell emerged. Reports did car stop treatment at a high-6 change clinic. Well, my God. His tire was international flight took off about eight P.M. for the 15-hour flight to LA. Oh, he's on a way to border. Is he in border yet? I don't know. I think he's getting there 11-30 or 10. I don't know. Probably. They got Peter Bergen on there talking about terrorism in bin Laden right now, but that won't last very long. Because in about five minutes when his tank touches down in border, then then you'll see. Oh, how can that be? Is he going to border? I thought that the hearing was a 12-3. I don't know. I'm confused. Carr neatly dressed in a red, short, sleeve button down. Sure, but what kind of underwear was he wearing? I'll tell you, I knew he was a fruitcake from the beginning. I say fruitcake, this means oddball. If you see all the film footage they got in him from then, the pictures they got, he had a pear shade to ask. Oh, well, that proves it. Oh, no, God, God would appreciate that. That's a really woman fruitcake disguise. Sure. It's like, what's your name? They're on CNN when you'd be called Hank. Barrel. Barrel? Yes. Every time Barrel becomes on George's little Hank's on TV. That's that is so gross. He's got a gross head. So she's on a sheep shot. That hurt her. Anyway, Barrel star, she does not have a firm Kirk. I think John Mark car, he's got the pear shade best that she was supposed to have. She was really a woman. She's got a manly hairy ass. Now, what did you do about these? About these spots? I don't know. I got a big scare. I don't you worry. You know, all that's straightened out? Yes, we did. Well, that's good. I actually didn't know. I didn't even record it. It was a... And it is oversight. It was an oversight. How about that billboard? He's got on there. Did we do the billboard yet? Did we mention that no more? No more crow on QIM? Which means there's an opening for Troy Strathford to sneak right in. Do we need to be as far as we can? What they did this happen is they blow up with the decrow. Must have been on a weekday because the day before yesterday, on that day people, the payroll people, the accounting people would have been on a weekend. Now, let's see. I'm looking for Ollanymartez, Saturday morning 8 to 9. Be sure to miss that. I don't see Troy Strathford on this case. We'll look all for this weekend. I'm looking at the... Well, what OI-C, 4-5, 3rd ever. She's going to sneak in that Saturday. It says TVD, it gave effort to stadium before the Marlin Brewer's game. That should be a big attraction in Marlin's in the Brewer's. Wow. How many people do you think are going to show up for that game, Josh? I've got 3rd demand. That should be big. 27 past 11 at 5.60WQAM SVTC. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.60. The U.N. Yeah! Fantastic number one. What is your name, Lee? My name is John Markov, and I'm a Jambony Ramsey. Fantastic number two. My name is John Markov. And I kill John the day Ramsey. Fantastic number three. My name is John Markov. And I kill John the day Ramsey. One of these men killed John the day Ramsey. The other two are investors. Find out who the real John Markov is. Which we all play to play the truth. No, there's no hope. Come on, come on. I've opened my business panel. Siren King, where you're crawling. They missed her dick, Clark. And now, as head of your ministry of truth, let's begin to play with the truth. Miss crawls me. Yeah. Mr King. Fantastic number two. Was it ten years ago? Was it not? Yes. Did you then do you now have changed forward 20? Yes, I do. Yes. It do find it. Ten is good. Thank you. Mr. Dick Clark. No. Well, the real killer of John the day Ramsey. Please, damn that. All that story that you can tell me. We have another turn. We've got a lot of people in your shirt and hat. They turn for our people as we pay the time. Make sure it came at a very opportune time. This book must be dipped in a bucket of stuff. You know, bucket of what? Things get really, really ugly and bad whether it's in our rack or in less banana or whatever. And things just turn look really, really grim. All of a sudden we either have like a tear or a lyrton, nobody buys into an end. That didn't work. And now we got John Markov. I thought I googled it. And I found out what it really stands for. Okay. When parents became program director QM, SPTC, small balls take charge. That's what that stands for. But how else does stand for? The southern Baptist of Texas Convention, which has come up September 8th and 9th and 4th. You want to be sure and catch that. The southern Baptist Texas Convention, and it also stands for Ministry of Small Business Tourism and Culture in Canada. Her. SPTC, same by the cross. Small Business Technology Coalition. Stream based trace compression. Ready for this? Wow. Oh yeah. And there's a whole bunch of other ones too. You know. SP International, some kind of company there's some. SPTC.couk that's they make telescopes and binoculars. SPTC, sort from our NV company of info mine, whatever that all means. SPTC, society, they've already read their terpias coming about and quote, quote, not even really. What does that mean? I don't know. Residient Society of something of clueless bastards. So there you go. SPTC. I still don't understand what you were saying. It's from the Bible. Well, supposedly according to Susan Candyati and he seen in transcripts. Well, there's somebody we actually like. See on CNN Susan Candyati. She's the only one I've had. And judges chapter eight. The Bible says I shall return a conquer and peace Bob Bob. But I'll be damned if I can find it. Oh, look what's on right now. But more on that. Our Jeffie Tuben is on the floor. Or if you're wondering, there was something happening in 1130. Don Cards heading to. Hold on. Hold on. Did you? Or this could stretch out for weeks. It probably means he's going to leave very shortly. There's really only a very narrow issue at stake in the next slide. By the way, guess who I discovered was of her as a good guy. Jeffie Tuben on CNN. There's another guy we like. That's his voice. He's right there. He's a good guy. Okay. I'll write it down. He's not one of those right wing apologists in the in the in the on the payroll of kind of guys. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Maybe the audience knows what S.B.T.C stands for. I'm looking to take a poll. No, not a poll. I have about some suggestions. Not a poll. Victory. S.B.T.C. and then he has that in his yearbook written years earlier. How much earlier would that have been? He's 41 now. Is that all he is? Is if anybody. Yes. He's 41. So that means like 23 years ago he wrote S.B.T.C. I shall be the conqueror and then he writes on the Iran's and not. Now you're suggesting that maybe he's in for hoots with somebody. Maybe they're going to split up there. And then he also evidently knew something about there was some kind of a check stub on the desk in the house. He knows stuff that was in the house. Right. But he told him saying he would obsessed with the case and didn't he write something about it and just lying at obsessively. Oh yeah. And it was a. And that was a very interesting thing. If you're changing emails with a guy like frantically, feverously back in. And they had that guy on the King last night on his 18th. Crash Old panel, the Vergen, John Markk. And the guy didn't want to say anything. He said, we shouldn't be discussing this. Very depressing question. Well we should be saying anything. Okay. Thank you very much. And I was in there. Kind of stupid. 567.05. Sixty. Pont paradise. Sixty and leave. That's all of a sissy stupid as all these people make it a big fuss about her alto. You know, you ought to tell somebody on the daily show that nobody cares about her alto he's so yesterday, man. today, man. You want to pass that message along? Okay. That's what I see in me know we hang out. Cornball material. Nobody cares about her auto. I mean, do you care about her auto? You're kidding, right? No, no, not kidding. I mean, I did the hairball being all the back. Even when people cared about me even care about right, but when he was doing Jerry Springer ask shows I didn't care about him. Right, although we did have that one clip that great clip about, uh, in fact, I think that ties right in there with us to hold job and a business and John Mark car. Remember that, Dijk? Well, she wasn't a guy. She just was a, uh, once he called herself, but she remember she said he like to dress up. She was a jeans and a water. People are going to think I'm a Dijk. No, I don't have a camera. Tell me to Q. I am hello. Don't play it. Q. I am. That must be her lover one. They're serving. Oh, sorry. Hello, tonight. W to Q. I am hello. Yeah, sir. Hey, I was just wondering if maybe George would like to join me and pull that friend for a second. Who is today? W to Q. I am hello. That must have been default. Confirmations. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, yesterday George, what I thought was an excellent question. He asked if any rock. No, no, man. Have gotten actually gotten better as they got older. Josh, I asked that question. Oh, I'm sorry. Okay. If you want, what any bands had actually improved their quality as they got older, then I thought, but I can only come up with one, but the reason I called is your music guy, I come up with the Beatles. Can you think of any they qualify for that gotten better with age? The 19th and fruit gum company. No, come on, seriously. Uh, I don't know. How about our estimate? That's a good question. You think they've gotten better with age? Oh, yeah. They got sober. Yeah, well, I think they were good thing. They made better music when they were high. I thought. Yeah, you're right. I got some people. The Beatles call it five. I'm not crazy. I'll open. I'm not crazy. I'll get out of here with us. I mean, well, what does that have to do with John Bene and John Mark Caron? Yes, it was the time I called with that. So, P, T, E, O, P and M, M, F, B. I got that somewhere down, but I got it in my iPod, man. What would I got? The 19th and fruit gum company. What was? Oh, not the crazy elephant. Yes, it was an iron ore. From the end of John, John. I still got it. This is the boss. I didn't even buy it. You're back. I like crazy elephant. Yeah. Hey, Beast, are you other? Beast. Beast is in there. I'm crazy elephant. Yeah. He says that the door opened. How about a turkey beast? Don't get porcupine. He'd be really upset if you found out that for the last visits I made to woodmine. I hit 3000 and 2000 on the fifth time. But yesterday I got off my machine and it paid 3000 to some Raccoon guy. I actually had one positive experience. I went to the hard rock and played their fake video poker. Yeah. Put in 10 bucks. Hit the button once. Walked out with 600 bucks, which for a little time. I don't know if it's nothing for you. Big deal. Bigman's here. As they say in Lesbanoan, bigman's here, man. How is the aerial sure going to? 19th of a year. Put the glumon on a wash. Talked talk there. You're going to be on with Kenny Walker in that crowd and bow. No. No. Were you going to be doing a update with Hank? Oh, you're still going to be with the Humper. That's good. The two of you are going to get a lot in common. The gambling thing, the fat thing. How sang this way? Now, where is he? Is he in Vegas or somewhere now plunging his desk? He might be in San Diego now. Doing one. I don't know. That's where he likes to hang out. San Diego. You know, Delmar. Oh, like I said, if the track plunging his guts out, that's what you go to the track for sweetheart to plung your guts out. That's incredible to me. Right. Delmar with Trevor Diven. There you go. I'm in. You inspired me. Maybe they got the replays from yesterday and Delmar right now. I dropped in second place. That's more hot. Coming away in third there. That's buggy horses. It's in more hot. There is Mark McDonald. Well, he's the best man next to a Brian Syriaz. He's damn good. Hey, let me tell you right now about your carpeting. I've been using drug concepts to my world carpets look brand new for 21 long years. If I weren't so damn cheap, I'd probably go out and get new carpeting, but you know something. I don't have to. Especially now that the dogs are sleeping with the fish fishers because no matter how hopeless your carpets may look, drug concepts can take the oldest schmoozius carpets and make them look and smell and feel just like brand new and lemon fresh. They've been doing it in South Florida for over 28 long years. In fact, when you call dry concepts, you really can clean today and entertain tonight. In your carpet state cleaner longer, too, because there's no sticky residue left behind which makes them last longer as well. Over 50,000 satisfied happy customers loved dry concepts and I guarantee if you ever used them yet, you will too. And don't get the raw source for some water damage restoration. Good to keep in mind, ordering this long terrifying hurricane season. Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in minutes, not days, and dry concepts can get your home or business dry within 24 to 72 hours. They're in tea. They also have a state of the area where we're cleaning plant the only one in all South Florida on site. They're the key to keeping your expensive very large looking just like brand new. And they give you a written guaranteed price upfront. A matter of what it is, you're carpeting a post-read drapery, any of these things. There are your rugs. They give you written on your own. They give you a nice price upfront. No scams, they're rip off just a fabulous, unbeatable job every time. And they'd rather the palm beaches called 12 free 1-800-248-5071. What is it again? 1-800-248-5071 Rhonda Wicked Web long gone to dryconcepts.com. This is a meal rugs for this is 5-16-2-8-2-3. They're a legendary cop duo dedicated to cleaning up the streets of LA. They're a legendary cop duo dedicated to cleaning up the streets of LA. They're a great street civil A. The Jews have got a friend out. No rules, they're not Jews, the Jews are everywhere. We've got to get some back up to take car of these Jews. No rules, they're not Jews. It's two jokes, he's an Adelaide. Damn, two junkies! We feel weapon-fied. We reach your rat, you are rat. No street Jews are responsible for all the world's war. Who are you talking about? We're back to you, we're here! On the gate! You are? Yeah. Death gate, two! We feel weapon-fied. Starting no gift, send Danny Glover and the return of Joe Pashy as Leo gets. Hey, next, my dog, hey, hey. Hey, Leo. Okay, okay, yeah. Stop, tell who you crazy. Yeah? Stop, no, who is your co-be-reach? I called you, I called. We call weapon-fied. Now, planes are ruined, Mel Gibson's career. Providence before noon, and don't waste any time on that. All I think he's doing a good job. So, George, what in the song shakes on a plane, and he says he's sucked. Yes. But don't tell anybody that because you're supposed to believe it's the best thing. No, actually they didn't do all I could of the boxware first this weekend. They got all that hype. In fact, I think how much hype I'm going to be getting. I went and bought a bunch of these DVDs over the weekend that I told you I watched Charles of Kissinger on the version. And a couple of DVDs that I would even bother telling you about about the lectures with no M. Chomsky speaking of which I don't expect to write in so much that. No. But nevertheless, and they got the guy at the counter, the cashier, the kid reached over and he put another one in my bag. I thought, well, how was that he just stuck in there? Freebie. And it's one of those preview DVDs for, oh, yes, I'm a plane. Yeah. By the way, I was going to say this, but I think the movie did great over the weekend as far as money goes. And now they were expecting. I don't think I could be wrong about that because that's not my or vice-parties, but I think you're wrong. Let's double check it. I'm checking it. What does the go to the third report? She would know. Here's a fact. Thank you so much. George is also at it. Although I printed it up and sent it to you because I couldn't find it in the King James Fundamentals Bible and chapter of the Catholic or Latin Bible judges. Yeah. Judge not. Less DB. John Mark car. He's a lady with a pear shape. Ask. What's wrong with you guys? That's a surprise that he would be a cat. I'll tell you on the last Thursday. I can see a lady I know one. That's a lady. Anyway, chapter 8, verse 9, it says he said there for them also. When I shall return a conqueror in peace. That's not it. What's not an exact match, but. No, get out of here. The same isn't being the opposite. I will destroy this tower. Dixit. It's. Okay. Reverse is. It's all your ass. But what's that? Yeah. Latin. Well, what is this? Why should we turn a conqueror in peace? That's not his BTC. You just made that up. Susan can't the audience said that's where he got it. What? From the Bible? Yes. Well, this isn't the quote though. Not exactly. But no. It's modified. I shall be the conqueror. Well, and I'm glad you made it. I mean brought that up though because another thing that's who telling us about him along with every other detail like what he had for breakfast this morning. Which I'm sure wasn't as good as dinner on a plane. But nevertheless, what we find out about him is that he was brave raised in a good religious background. Good religious family man. What brand? What brand what? We these, what brand of Christian? Oh, he became a Catholic. Of course. There you go. That's why he got a lot in Bible building. Well, a pedophile and Catholic. And that's like a double talk. That's at the club for it. And then he was a teacher and they don't know. What was that school in Latin America? Some were a central American Guatemala, or Honduras. Some were from teaching very briefly. Maybe Nikolai? No, it was not Nikolai Gwagwai. By the way, nice job on butchering all those people on that America and because of your and in Cambodia And in these team more and all around the world no one of the French one of my friends He talks just like Joe Lieber and you mentioned it. You know, that's the Oh, that's your Lieberman. They had him on again after your winnow. I saw him. I wanted to vomit Well, I think all right when he said try to butcher up down in the war, you know I think they've gone rummished all about him put his resume such a whiny wimping piece of craft man So far, but listen. I tell him what did I tell you about when you and you had your own experience Thanks to your accountant there your orthodox account when you when you're wrapped in to fill in two types It's better for dissirculation. That's what happens with your brain shrivels I was God getting no you love him and I'm sure that's not being a human shrivels up Opposition among American then nobody comes through anything on this SVTC because anyone on a lie They don't know what that means small balls take charge That's clarin some telling you man. He's the one that killed John Brede He's done it he's killing us by the way 15.25 million for the movie What's nothing what kind of ranking though? It was number one, but it was but that's nothing they didn't go on on right now. He took yeah It had very little competition. It's not that big man not that big and the movie either put the bombs Snakes on a plane. Oh come on and isn't it interesting how snakes on a plane was released just coincidentally on Friday Just timing with his whole thing this terror. We had an angle. I'm not suggesting there's only connection mind you You know it reminds me of it's like wagging the dog. Remember when that movie came out drive the dog Yep, and remember how coincidental the timing was on at deal I got news for it when you watched this Clinton clip In fact even if you don't watch the rest of the movie, which I know you will but anybody else just watch the part where Clinton comes out After the initial screening of the movie and he talks to the audience It's just fabulous stuff. It's really good and you'll say top half tent look what we got now man look what we got now oh yeah US president George W. Bush announced that the US will not be leaning Iraq during his presidency yesterday and a spastic spewing of venom Even you say yes, it's important and we stay there and get it done or we leave Bush argued We're not leaving so long as I'm present that'll be a huge mistake so much for all that troop withdrawal crap Yeah You know that the nation would be offering $230 million in aid to Lebanon Yeah, and we we we gave me as Rayleigh's all those weapons so they could demolish your country Now we're gonna give you 230 million see how many falafel stands. That's gonna build it We're all better right we're good the president also called for a fast deployment of international Peacekeeping force now, of course, that we're gonna be involved you understand that right Opposition among Americans to the war in Iraq has reached a new high With only about a third of his five and saying they favor it according to a brand new polaroid yesterday There's that magical 33 percent. Yeah, it's very close to when in fact it's within the area of the margin of air 35 percent of a thousand thirty three adults. It's always 33 35 31 right around But third man that just 35 percent of a thousand plus adults pool so they favor the war in Iraq 61 percent said they oppose it the highest opposition noted an any CNN poll since the blood bath began three years ago The illegal invasion occupation slaughter blood bath carnage lunacy insanity Despite the rising opposition of the war president of Bush at the US will not I just said that a Burmajority 51 percent say they see Bush is a strong leader But on most other attributes he gets negative remarks 54 percent do not consider him honest 54 percent don't think he shares their values and 58 percent say he does not inspire confidence Oh man that's the understanding of the century Bush's stand on the issues is also problematic with more than half fifty seven percent of American say they disagree with him on the issues They care about nice job in New Orleans, by the way, it's the one you had a verse three of Katrina What a nice job Well of course is those dark folks they vote Democrat too much anyway, you know, they don't have any homes In fact we ought to play that turns frog band hammer. You ain't got no home coming right up. Oh We don't have to play that because we got what what's the low bid? I ain't never said do it ain't never said do it to the two of eight Ain't got no home. That's the one Oh That's the one parents frog band Henry whether could he sing or what it could be a lot of an ounce of sound man He's good So that's the deal Bush's type of ratings do not vote well for his parties odds in the coming congressional elections Asked which parties candidates they would vote for if elections were held today 52 percent said the Democrats as we can Wimpy is there 43 percent said the GOP There you go, but he's adamant man. He's his stubborn as a muil and I got the same IQ How many votes we got we got away over a thousand we got a thousand forty six pickups sticks you ready for that 104 six who should the Democrats win us run for president in 2000? Al Gore 286 bring them back alive baby Al Gore what about FDR? Let's go for five I'll take Ike Democrats You know it's interesting that because you're not old enough because you're in Borneo But before he ran in 52 the first time the Democrats had made oversures to him too because he really wasn't affiliated He was like, you know, he just a script. Yeah, yeah, although if you're watching why we fight you're like a lot more man He will he said that he'd tell that like it is and a script I consider me the fact that he spent so much of his life in the military To be the one that out of the military industrial congressional complex that's the important part the third part of congressional complex And he left that and his speech to work congressional because he didn't want to offend his friends in Congress That's what he was talking about the military industrial congressional complex or so of course We got the thing tanks that they pointed out the end of the movie to add to it. Yeah, tanks a stink tanks These lunatics crazy right we Richard Pearl and all these crazy crazy Christian and Paul Wolfowitz of course goes without saying that To take Paul Wolfowitz and Henry Kissinger and fry him right on the CBS TV news the night of the Wilson name makes sure they view that bitch How are Dean 162 I don't care 135 Barack Obama 104 Hillary 93 John it was 79 Joe Biden He just Biden this time seven that he talks to his ass. He's very articulate very good But he talks a lot of crap. Elliot Spitzer there is the man only 36 who's that there's saying who that? I hit this poll in 31 only 2.9 percent. They love it rust fine gold. He passed on very like he was laying out Pro-in position 27 for rust and 23 it's only its scary your John Kerry only 23 votes 2.1 percent out of a thousand and 48 pretty ways guys This is Pope John Paul Williams and if he asked me they only think more fun than playing Radass with the Swiss guy is the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour Call It was an unturnable way that became not the secret listen to her in the light of the back A your green hair really sets off your purple suit. It's actually plumb But thank you, okay, Chrisator that man mountain with Christian bail as bad man and he fledger as the Joker I wish I knew how to quit you Joker. I wish I knew how to get that utility belt off Stately way manner just cut the makeover Holy queer I Batman you when the Joker shrewd how to make time passed down here in the back K- well Robin We're just spelunking buddies Right Joker. Don't worry boy wonder there's enough room on that bad braper Well, that man Mountain you can play crime, but you can't fight your true identity Let's get into the battle be on the Gotham pride parade you know any network that will put Richard Quest and Rick Sanchez on here on the same day That tells you how serious they are about heavy seeing and certainly not news network you guys suck all that we do like Jeffrey Tuban a lot now in the Susan candy Audit cheese are good pal. She's our bud five six seven nobody with S. B. T. C yet I'm telling you one person that you're gonna gain tremendous respect if you don't have already I'm just talking to you because you're the only one's gonna watch the movie Give these two movies to Josh because he might learn something you won't watch him would you watch these? You watch why we fight. I was just gonna piss me off, but you know, yeah, I guess that's all I get out of I'll anger it up No, but listen you will learn something in both of these. I'm telling you but anyway I was about to talk about Susan McDubill okay She had a humongous pair man this lady inscribed over husband who was a moon with crazy person That literally and figuratively and just caved in of course easily But she just told him no way who's it? I'm not gonna make up any stories about Clinton or anybody else And if you want to throw my ass and jail go right ahead and she just let them run her ass through the ringer instead of one of the few people in history I can think of a wisely instead of for anything other than the prayers of the assembly in school and the national anthem at the ballgame and of course the invocation to football game in Jesus name on man Are they still doing that crap? I don't it it goes past me I've never heard it, but well the dolphins have one of the few didn't we go through this last week? Yes, we did never know what was right at usual and you guys We're full of crap try to tell me that the dolphins don't have the invocation anymore and leave it to the hump or had to call in I'm straighted down so that there were a couple of teams that still do that crap and make the people stand up For some kind of stupid ass prayer before the ballgame first the dolphins they could use it, you know what I mean? But anyway Susan McDubill is great and this boy this film is great the honey of the president the 10-year campaign to disturb Bill Clinton Almost as good though as the trials of end with Kissinger that that one if you want to get angry if you want to be filming it to mouth That'll make you just spit blood I don't know I'm speaking of spitting gloves. Thank you. Oh good god rich a quest. How do they have any are they hearing impaired or whatever It's in be and visually impaired with his donkey teeth and then heavy fully British accent and the donkey teeth He is disgusting he makes you want to commit sausage S B T C you know this the original audience we got a they couldn't come up with it It for a lot of money even I came up with small balls take charger like that That good is good Well, that's gonna be oh I could come up with some stuff maybe John but April or what fancy wrote it somebody took the child there you go Which he thought Pancy will jump and it was kidnapped some of some faster took child some bitch that could be it Come in Q a m hello Yes, sir This is something you were talking about the anniversary of Katrina Yes, but they on this be all the way showing I just do that in I just said it. I don't know if they anybody call you and talk about it No, the never broke is by my plea. I Sorry, I power you told me about it. It was it was very interesting. You know and then you He was you see first stop off Brown you doing a good job, right? Yes, I'm like I'll talk again you feed for somebody like that I do this where I mean anybody that votes for him ought to be in federal prison right now Let this is make doodles of the world out and stick their ass in there's what I said Neil And over the talking What are you saying another the sucking oh Speaker in lace palia I can't understand the damn thing you're saying speaking lace Get some tutoring Go see them will be my tutor with what's the name? La Pansy clown somebody Q a m hello What ever happened to will be a Newton John's boyfriend? Yeah, sir, you talk about a path Well, he disappeared fast, didn't he? Because he did I'm gonna Q a m hello. I WM you know George Well one quick finger to care all of those and I good. That's what I don't have got to finger that Mary Marty Lustur This isn't even lackluster he or represent the hundred and twenty-third district which includes ethical New York as a Democrat And they are state assembly from 88 to 2002 a New York Assemblyman. He writes in the ethical journal of all places Uncovering the Clinton Disappointment. It's about sweltering Marty Lustur as in Hillary is a little lack Lustur He says in 2000 I spent many evenings in some very cold days campaigning for Hillary Clinton's election The West Senate I believe then as I believe now. What that line sounds for me here That Senator Clinton had the makings of greatness. I carefully followed Senator Clinton's performance in the Senate and during her first seven years And you had watching her play the expected role of a quiet freshman her votes were in keeping with her campaign promises and our Expectations for a political future were high However as well as those of us who study history and politics know events be at our control often ever way of disrupting carefully Planned agendas and blurring even the clearest divisions Those events often call for the abandonment of otherwise appropriate tentative and cautious approaches and instead require bold and clear leadership It is here that Senator Clinton has disappointed us prime example of Senator Clinton stated to lead our her actions with regard to the Iraq war and instead Equesting the administration's discovery of the actions of evil and the president's career established planned to invade a country with whom we were at peace to further his scheme of regime changing Iraq Senator Clinton along with most of the Congress speedily and without investigation of the facts Advocated responsibility under Constitution and granted broad authority to the executive to commence and wage war and In fact, you know the one scene that stands out more than anything else in why we fight is Bobby Bird saying that they're an almost empty Senate chamber talking about the strange and Erie silence as we were about to embark on his lunacy this madness He said you could hear a pin drop and you could like that guy Bobby Bird that will bird to this day the Senator insisted knowing what we know now There were no WMDs no connection between 911 and Saddam no purchase of uranium by Iraq from these year No post invasion plan insufficient troop deployment Manipulation to the intelligence findings to support the war a total lack of attention to our understanding of the religious and political situation Interact and a child like believed that there would be his insignificant opposition in the Iraq to our prisons That more than 26 hundred American soldiers have died in this war and that Iraqis are dying at the rate of a hundred a day That's one world trade center death toll every month and then our effort is cost as over $300 billion and that there's no end inside that she still would have hoated to authorize the invasion instead of the bold leadership required by the president's insane Compulsion to invade Iraq Senator Clinton took the easy way out instead of using those enormous talents She demonstrated his first lady and on the campaign trail. She followed the herd. That's what I heard Unfortunately outside events once again, I put the center to the test and again I'm not kidding. She has come up wanting as a Jew as real is very dear and important to me without question The state of Israel has the right to resist and defend it so without question has belongs acted without provocation Infos is a threat to Jewish and Arab Israelis alike However as I expect my country the US to demonstrate leadership in the world through policies that create a maintain peace and Assistant improving quality of life for people around the globe So to do I expect the nation that symbolizes my heritage Israel to lead by example to love peace to respect human life And when armed defense becomes necessary to undertake that task with caution care and doses measured to meet the need we expect more from those we love and that goes for nations as well as individuals When the latest hostilities broke out in northern Israel on southern Lebanon I hope that Senator Clinton would speak off for calm for four variants and for caution and since he said she supported Whatever steps are necessary to defend Israel We will stand with this real because Israel is standing for American values as well as Israeli ones She ironically added instead of using her pulpit to call for an immediate ceasefire She once again fell in lockstep with the Bush administration and did the politically expedient thing of backing both the US and Israeli policy of using Superior military force and a reckless fashion that has killed hundreds of innocent Lebanese civilians over a thousand of his we can The Lebanese over 1300 we can the Lebanese government and destroyed the infrastructure that nation beyond repair in the lifetime of many people who live there Jonathan Tassini is running against Senator Clinton the Democratic primary is written eloquently about Israel under current war Tassini is you whose father fought on the Hagenah the Israeli underground and the war of independence and lived in Israel for seven years And still has extensive family their head said a true friend of Israel not someone who simply sees votes What understand that employing collective punishment against people in Lebanon only invitters of population possibly for generations And then even a short term military victory will be empty if it leaves behind a shattered country For these and similar comments to see he has been vilified by the Clinton campaign and her supporters with false accusations That he labeled Israel as a terrorist state and that his comments are beyond the pale I urge readers to examine his statement. It's got a link to it and compare his depth of understanding in his leadership That he shall all and predictable comments and Senator Clinton Hillary Clinton still has the makings of greatness because of that We expect more from a herd than we've received well got an understanding of that is use socks Oh, yeah, bitch. SBTC some bitch Took Clinton. Hey, there you go. I like that. That's not very good. That's the like small balls take charge That's the clearance zero story Don't forget our new line of starts next money. August 28. That's the end of the world And the Islamic counter isn't August 20 and also That's the end of guilty. I'll say that That's the end of hankin a morning order. Are you staying right and a bunch of other stuff Maybe that's the end of our wallowing in ones and two the rest of the end and maybe we have a good leader We can get those nine's and 10's again. Have we used to have remember those days? Oh, yeah Problem is past noon at five sixty w q a and we got Curtis Stevenson and two there's a good guy for a good old Adelaide Stevenson man bald head divorced Couldn't win a fixed relation. Well, he was against Ike man. How can you how can you be to war hero? Unless he was an egg-hade Americans don't like eggheads. They don't like intellectuals. They like cars down Guys are like himish man like Jimmy Carter down home folk, you know Jim maybe scored a six thirty Marlins on deck and six thirty marlins in the Washington, that's 705 man You could hear you be able to have your own section in that game and any k follows the baseball In fact, if you took the wins that the marlins have against the Washington, that's in the Pittsburgh power out of the standies The marlins will be 60 games under 500 are pretty damn close to it Am I right, right? 60 games under right if you took away the games that they've beaten Washington Oh, yes, yes, yes, they wouldn't be very be as they say in Finland off-saurus 12 13 at five sixty w q a and you know South Florida's got a lot of shoe stores There are a lot of them that come and go, but there's one that's been there for years and years because they offer you folks and Unbeatable combination all the time That's the lesson of all the top brands like floor shine echo Muffisto rock poured her stoppies new balance Unbeatable prices all the time including specials every week and friendly personal service to make sure To seize in a perfect fit for your feet every time of course I'm talking about Brandy's brandy's is the largest independent true retailer in all South Florida with unbeatable selection Value in fact go stop and see our friend Arnie of Brandy's will make sure every time you get the right sitting shoes for your feet at the right price too you find Brandy's at 12 90 or federal highway in poverty will be trippy between Atlantic Copies on these side and Brandy's is open every day the week for your shopping and dancing pleasure Mondays who Saturday till nine every Sunday till five a lot of dancing going on these days You know what's that? And this week is a great time to buy Bells off small business simplifies your voice data and network experience So you can stay focused on your business So when you're coming and save a ton of cash and get your feet all all bushing up nice or do your shoe shopping right on their website at Brandy's shoe and at it's too young It's a go or how you doing? Great, thank you. You're thinking of running for president in 2008, right? Yeah, huh Oh and Earth to hell. I am excited and stimulating fully think so and have you ever drinking yager nicer? Oh, absolutely What happened? I began to stay the future. Are you in? Did you see me running you over in the parking lot? Yeah Yeah Now there's a drag the good thing of the United States of America through the mud on Saddam Hussein torture Yeah, I think it's a good pull for you one day Since we got gorsqueen and on there we got how we mean That'd be good pull who's the biggest screamer of the mall? That's hard guy Howard Dean John Mark car I got him on there Freaky Carlos, right? Okay, it's just a suggestion. I'm gonna turn like influence it. You know your pull material biggest screamer of mall Senator Chuck Hangel says the GOP has lost its way rhymes with gay. How do you like that? Republicans have lost their way when it comes to many core GOP principles and maybe in jeopardy Heading into the fall election senator Chuck Hager Republican to branch this says a possible presidential candidate in 2008 Hegel said suddenly the GOP today is a very different party from the one when he first voted Republican first time I voted was in 1968 and top of a tank in the McDonald's held a single Vietnam veteran Yeah, and he's proud of that. I voted a striker of Republican ticket. That means he voted for Nixon The reason I did is because I believe in Republican philosophy of governance is not what it used to be I don't think it's the same today. Oh, yeah, good old tricky dick. He's proud of that Would you come up with that holidayman and Mitchell and Earl McMinn and Dean and Chuck Colson all went to jail But somehow Henry Kissinger who I think is due a liberal with glasses on how come Henry Kissinger walks free today Even though he's wanted for a murder all over the France to chilly all over the world he has vays He must have vays because every time I see him I say Oivey Hey, Galas where is the fifth of responsibility of the party? I join in 68 where is the international engagement of party? I join fear of free trade individual responsibility not building a bigger government But building a smaller government Iran conquer with Reagan all these other good right wingers His frustration is not leading them to think Democrats off for a better officer. Wait wait for you to see the part where Nixon and Kissinger Are doing their thing to to kidnap and eventually was assassinated the the head of the Chilean army Because they had to get rid of the hindi and before they could get to a yende and they eventually did McCurray Took a while I ended got elected, but the bottom being there he went We'll see him no more bye-bye Salvador Hey, Galas in the side of whether he'll run as president in 2008 He says I think Republicans are gonna be in some jeopardy for the and will be held accountable for losing their way But he liked that and the Republicans have lost their way how about the Kurds that to Kurds are having problems to man Especially with those Turks North American Union trends US sovereignty way when you hear this I don't even know if I should read this a Lou Dodd told us all about it So why don't you what that North American Union? Oh did it was he talking about long ago? Jumped up and down. That's right. That's right in his is a Bailey wish on up everybody Erwick Maybe I don't know. There you have by that stuff. I guess But back in the day when it were accused to be that green nasty green slimy stuff Oh, yeah, yeah, and you open a bottle you list a wick up and it would eat It would release this stench into your oh my At least airwreck now makes person who they're like smells good stinks good, you know, huh? Like an interesting good thing good that old airwreck would add I remember that as a child before your time on sure sure somebody old fart I'm sure they don't remember it remember to hold like a regelio inside of there. Huh? I'd like a jelly in there. No, it did not. No, that's the new airwreck. That's the thing you have stuff in the gym Oh, you're talking about the relationship. I'm talking about my generation. Oh, yeah, that's for Alzheimer's Talk it about my generation man the old farts. I read this or not Go for it. I am Karuba who play a hell of a Cheova and human events He says the problem with abortion administration is that not enough of its officials have read the US Constitution Take for example section two of article two when dealing with four nations it says the president shall have the power By and with the advice and consent of the Senate to make treaties provided two thirds of the Senate president concur So why is president Bush and his administration seeking to establish a North American union and everyone in effect a Valuce the borders between Canada, Mexico and the USA More over would involve our government and so many common regulatory mandates with these two nations as Dramed with the sovereignty of the US a memory of what national self governance is supposed to be the name of the severed is called a security and prosperity Partnership of North America SPP not SBTC, but SPP or can't say P. P. Sorry, Joyce And guess what has been submitted of the Senate for its oversight or concurrence because by some magic of government definition It is not a treaty instead its administration is buried in the balls of the commerce department It does have high ever the blessing of the political and corporate elites of all three nations a visit to the SPP websites as it was launched in March of 2005 as a trial-adorable effort to increase security in the hands-parspirity Among the US candidate in Mexico through greater cooperation information sharing It is an attack on American sovereignty and the smoothest and most soothing writing you'll find anywhere the website spells out the wonders of SPP They include the North American competitiveness council the North American energy security initiative the North American energy management plan and transfer smart secure borders And right now there are working groups whose purpose is to improve productivity We use the concentrate and enhance the quality of life and if you like snake oil Permit SPP to sell it to you by the barrel, but the box car and by the tanker as well The SPP didn't start out as an idea the presence of the three nations started kicking around much 23rd 2005 in wake-o Texas, but it became the official policy of the US at a special summit in Vimba Bush And joined by then Mexican President of a Cynthia Fox and Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin like so many really bad foreign policy concepts SPP owes its origins to the council on foreign relations the honest just CFR in this case CFR's task force on North America. It's report building an North American community in Visions the elimination of US borders in just five years Like termites eating with the sovereignty of the US this grandiose scheme is a major threat to American security and prosperity The Marcus the Marxist major demo of this task forces professor Robert Pasteur who told us in a former relations committee The best way to secure the US today is not that our two borders of Mexico and Canada But at the borders of North America as a whole. Oh, yeah This really explains why Mexico is doing such a great job of stopping the drug smugglers or the one million Mexicans The least here consider the US border or mirror friction and their pursuit of jobs prison and birthday keep selling us Americans will take This is pure bunk and dangerous bunk of debt. I bet you Lou Dobbs was flaming it the month over that you should have seen Alan Kerubov was on to say I have many Canadian friends, but it seems to me that Canada took too long to discover had some Fanatical Muslims missed to were plotting terrible things Frankly, I want to cooperate. I want us to cooperate against the economy, but I don't want to place to be Sponsibility for America security in any one's hands, but our own a North America union promises not only security Says SPP, but prosperity too without SPP however the three nations already do more than $800 billion in Freiletable trade surely the US needs Mexico's help to improve our economy as The economist Robert Samuel Sonotus and a June column the subtext for the US immigration debate is Mexico Why doesn't it's a economy growth fast you're creating more jobs in higher living standards? We answered that had to do to that has something to do with the economic corruption That invest all levels of Mexico's governmental and business sectors something is very wrong when Mexico's economy Must literally depend on the billions it's illegal aliens and home from the USA Kind of sounds like the everything that happens in Sicily and in most of Italy Unbelievable Everything even a soccer games are fixed. How do you like that? I don't I don't want to cast no Suspurns on Occeoni but the fact that a matter is even made that even their noses are crooked How do you like that wow? It's just a coincidence? I think luncheon it. Yeah, just have him think about it Okay talk about you know's how to join makes me think of my old good friend Myor landscape on the beach I'll just try to finally do wish Miami Beach Landscape became an elder statesman living legend the most prized views in the world in Miami Beach I got hold of his people to own God is everything Even God wasn't close to my electric so they saw my electric if we get about God This is God used to wish you can follow him look at him He worked on the street. He would talk about how slow he worked how fast that he had a dog a cow or husband This is the real Roger This is five 16 Oh I'm ready to keep to want to get there kids We put the fun and welcome to Meta this Oh, right to the Lord and forgive you With your joy, so close to the point of view Whoa, you don't get me to the battle's home This part of Lily never went back and forth Whoa, keep this land, and push it back When you're both on a hill we die Whoa, keep this land, and push it back Oh, who goes? 23, 27, Bill, I want to clap Dumber that a boxer rock stands for your president By the way, I see that part two of the Spike Lee thing on Katrina's under nine Okay, I just mentioned that in passing We're going to tell you about that before the show Good news is you don't really see him at least I didn't It's just interviews with people and clips of the news And the events that took place in life for the first fight Jones myself and a lot of things that the news did not show you Because it was two on savory people using language Carpuses rotting And that guy's been on the show Spike Jones and Piki Lee Spike Lee? Was there? It's for love TV Anyway, Spike Lee presents a four hour chronicle Becoming him this, what the cover was talking about before we And Lily started talking mumbo jumbo About Katrina last night was asked one in two and a three And four nine o'clock tonight HB HB Oh, okay Okay, speaking of tremendous shows They're going to be coming on your TV very very soon And I say that very very sarcastically And upcoming television special produced by a Christian broadcaster One of the worst hate mongers in the history of the human race That features conservative punited and colder who may be the worst hate monger Links Charles Darwin, eight off Hitler, Ross D'Ore's learned To see this? Though Darwin's deadly legacy The chilling impact of Darwin's theory of evolution Coming this weekend to a pathetic TV channel near you Author and Christian broadcaster Dr. D James Kennedy Connected the dots between Charles Darwin and At all, Hitler and Darwin's deadly legacy A groundbreaking inquiry in the Darwin's chilling social impact An auspicious appraisal release issued by the Coral Bridge Ministries Or they have that big big gotty edifice almost to the sky You've driven by it many a time. I'm sure I don't think I have But I've seen it on TV Get out of here All right, bye Gonna do its work You never drove by the Coral Bridge Presbyterian church I don't know where to I might have caused 80 million miles up in the sky Makes the sea and tower look like a pup tent I've seen pictures of it The new television documentary you better get yourself in the other parts of Brower beside a Hollywood I'm gonna talk a lot of places I don't know I don't know I don't know what is in the old forest Yeah, I'm on my way Get up there toward a pompino Oh, yeah, over there Oh, yeah, over there For the gut people there Hey, one's between That's right That's right For Josh lives I thought you would now let's see Can't keep track of you anyway You're still living with your boyfriend What's wrong? Josh, what's got a male roommate Now the good news is a lot of people have roommates But he Josh and his male roommate Live in separate the sleep and separate bedrooms They don't have them in beds That's how that's how normal people do it As opposed to salmon Dean And the that horrible show that's super natural Jack I use for it If they were if they wanted to bunk out here They could sleep in their own bed And my they could sleep on the floor Both of them in the tub In the tub Rubbed up Can I get back to this thing? I don't want to hear about Jack and his boyfriend The new television documentary He's all over Josh was something about he watched He's someone who blew digging And you know it's interesting But of course to show you I couldn't care less about the blue jaz Even though you know I'm here most of the time Because I don't care about baseball But when something is on HD You do watch it Even though ordinarily you might not Am I right? Yes It's just amazing when something is on high definition You you you you're glued with And then where we now in and you'll accidentally find something For example they had a really interesting show A couple nights ago by Niagara Falls And about these guys that tried to make this Make sure camera that was going to like To go over to Falls And the whole thing was just amazing You had to be there And it was in HD And you felt like you were going right off the edge Right after losing your acid falls you Yeah discovery HD is probably the best channel Yeah absolutely And then they were from PBS too That's a good opportunity to grab If it's an HD man I'm there Although I wish I'd have been there a little bit later on To see the big concept of space between I wish I'd have seen what he had a Yankeball out of Till he's hand Lily, Eli Lily I wonder if I wonder if Ted Lily's got a pear shade Can't ask you know That would tell us a lot about why he's so bad can't get anybody He really stinks And I was going on that 55 million dollars for AJ Burnett nice going there blue jays You guys are idiots Author and Christian broadcaster Dr. D James Kennedy a real real evil person An evil doer Connects the dots between Charles Darwin and John Darwin's deadly legacy A groundbreaking in according to Darwin's Charlie Serschel and Pacton This is a press release issued by Crow Ridge Ministries the new TV documentary Here's nationwide this weekend August 26 and 27 on the coral rage hour To put it simply no Darwin No Hitler says Dr. Kennedy Hitler tried to speed up evolution to help it along And millions suffered and died months Beckel ways because of it Let me put it this way to your doctor Kennedy No doctor Kennedy no James Dops and no Jerry Fallwell no pyravason no religious nuts No hate and murder in the world 14 scholars signed to an oak Pope 14 scholar scientist not has featured on the show Outline the grim consequences of Darwin's theory of evolution Show how a theory fueled Hitler's ovens according to the press release How much are just going to be glued to that aren't you? Sure Other participants include from Darwin the Hitler author In California State University modern European history professor Richard Wichord along with Michael B. He who worked Darwin's black box And as they probably said it source against evolution in co-produced latest book Of course, he's living proof that evolution doesn't exist In a recent study medium matters argue that co-ores and notes were right for distortions and halls But last part of respect that's pressure speciality that's a part and parcel right This show basically is about the social-affected Darwinism And shows this idea which is scientifically bankrupt has probably been responsible for more bloodshed Than anything else in the history of humanity one of the shows producers during the new control world net daily By the way, how did you like in why we fight the thing about Truman and the fact that he dropped the nukes on the japs because he wanted to He wanted to scare Stalin sure for work. Yeah, yeah, it worked like a charm But from the special can be seen at this link instead of linked with we keep hearing about gaps in the theory of evolution Co-produced and the clip the whole theory is a gap Yeah, and guess what you are and rhymes with gap that's what you are So I think you're wrong because I think in the future there won't be two genders and she's living proof Oh, she's the old gender vendor The gender vendor in fact just why she just bent over so we know stick our feet where the moon don't shine Or just like some moonshine up in there couldn't hurt ever see her and John Mark hard together same husband point He's well, we're gonna. She's got she's got a better address right by far Co-produced carries on the theme from her bestselling book released in June on 6606 which attacks liberalism is a godless religion I think Darwinism is popular as a story because it allows atheists not to have to explain why we're here Co-produced in the special there's no such thing as morality. There's no such thing as our consciousness of our own morality We're about one step above a purpose co-forad all the many of them seem to believe we're below a purpose because we have nooks and we pollute and we hate crimes And don't recycle we have hate crimes. Yeah, I say we're several steps below a purpose. I'm saying that I'm purpose How about fellow adults and co-produced in widely criticized for attacks on square knees to be in that Dolphins being below dolphins Co-produced in widely criticized for attacks on Darwin's theory of evolution which he called one match of a Scientology and scientific reader in her book What's annoying about co-produ is that he insistedly demands evidence for evolution on a virtual-ever accept the requires not a shred of evidence for all alternative hypothesis Well professor Jue Kuhn from the University of Chicago is the problem of the College of Evolution and a recent book review According to the ministry's website the curl bridge hours on more than 400 stations for cable networks and to 165 nations on the armed forces network And is the third most widely silicate a weekly Christian television program The show also runs in some fox own TV stations as a paid program Christian curl bridge ministry's threefold mission is to evangelize nurture Christian growth and biblical instruction and reform American culture by applying the truth as scripture to all life Including civic affairs reads the aboc page and the ministry's website. I guess they left out to part about spreading hate and intolerance Right, which they do best that's the especially alley man spreading hate and tolerance And of course being in bed with a sick bitch like that like her and of course an interest in it. She and Miss Fardier best of buddies. I want to our position Lynn Samuels takes in that Hold deal huh pivot. She's the pivot man. She's the pivot guy tennis mass macho baby generainal insamials and command corridor Who might even out? I leave out generainal John card. Oh, he's not even in the he's not in the mix as they say he's not even in the mix In fact, I got news for even time mix was more much of than he was 1242 at five 60 every QA and nobody's got the SPTC man Just the usual bunch of assorted nuts. Oh, you must have been having a really hell of a good summer on these oh yes spectacular And let me tell you go back to school. It can be a little rough on the kids in a good match. They've been critical for the development of healthy minds or even marginal minds If your kids are having trouble adjusting the school night bed time it just might be that they're stickin our lousy mattress man They're tossing and turning and humping and bumping anyway called teleman crystal free at 1 800 mattress That'll mattress can recommend a mattress for kids of any age heaven who bed delivered the date and time you choose 7 days week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. just give dollar mattress any to our window and build deliver your mattress even the same day that you call like Noon to two one to three whatever is convenient when your ass is going to be home and they show up on time Call 1 800 mattress right now get the best election at the best on beautiful prices of celis Serious cinnamon king curl temper ptc and turns in foster having used him for years is the easiest and the smartest piece of shopping No wasting expensive gas. No we are getting all slept worked up to which a a phrytic frenzy in a tremendous heat in humidity All you do is sit there on your fan asked make one easy call or you can go online to and check it all out at mattress.com Better yet pick up the phone right now called dial on mattress you can be sleeping on that new bed as soon as tonight call 1 800 mattress NATT RES we walk the left as because it stands for saleshold sarner This is real Roger this is 5.62 a Am I junior honey The other who christianity 24 cents our price 17 We are at a different month Pretty soon the oven took up this We just have to refuse we must ingest About a full world's flesh Which is more than to the real life of somebody in the highest I don't know carefully I'm dying on the hand How's that pull coming? Who should the Democrats run from prison in 2008? I realize two years how are we gonna survive two years? I don't know carefully Here's the button I'm not a car, I'm a car, I'm a car Something missing so the prosecutor in Boulder must have something up for sleep She must have a real ace card to play What do you think? I think that what has to do with the case The investigation was going on I think that the Boulder DA's office was gathering its evidence They were gathering up in the car They were getting ready to I was like gathering chestnuts And do it the way most investigation was done Just gathering nuts Someone chipped the media and then it was a hastily called press cost Small balls take charge This was not a press conference We got our mess This was a press conference I don't want it I don't think he needs this exchange operation I didn't know I'd tell you that the first time I seen him there on the day You can spot him too I don't think he's got a I don't know how to get the three kids I also know how to get more of the twins who died at birth Who delivered the twins? No, you passed Oh, and they died at birth I see We're hearing very little about that Lots more, more than you could ever imagine More than anybody could ever want This is normal early now It's somebody to the owner he's kind of early win It's impossible at this point to conduct the investigation in a grandest intention To a soul that she would not have arrested the man but 151 votes on the pool What was this pull has to do with John Bene and John Mark Carr and the passie and the don't be a passie man like Leigh Harvey Oswell He's just a passie Who should deliver crats run in 2008? Who do you like not who can win but who should they run which I guess means who could win? Al Gore through 19 winning in a grain slide how are dean 171 couple of screamers? I don't care 139 couple percent of you don't care enough to send you very best well both to you. Okay, just like I said to the beast Barack Obama 1117 Hillary 105 by the way that's a raspberry case. You know that's why my fruits as opposed to strawberry right Hillary 105 as opposed to a poison very John Edwards 88 Joe Biden 74 rust fine gold 42 he I want to tell you about him pass in John curie not even close Elliot's fits to the other jubois on here. Elliot's fits to a 37. I hit this pull 34 2.9 percent and John curie It's actually last time we did the C. also came in did last a distant last Distant last how do you like that? And you may as in part of it is he won the 2004 election only they they'd use that the votes in Ohio Carrie 26 maybe it's a well, no, I was gonna say maybe just as well. Soxist as well Even if more to more snored would have been running or would have been improvement over what we got now pop head couldn't look a week on kids Top head out for local we got oh Dick Cheney good god But his lesbian daughter Mary by the way. I just mentioned it and passing that's the same thing wrong with that You're fairie should have looked Lebanese Frank rich no relation to fat rich rest in peace in New York Times rights five years after 911 fear finally strikes out The results are in for the White House's latest effort to exploit terrorism for political gain the era of Americans hearing fear itself is over In each pull release in the flooding of the transatlantic terror plot Gallup news week CBS I B. P. George W. Bush is approval ready remains stuck in the 30 This has been with a little up as in the years since Katrina strip the last remaining fig leaf of credibility from his presidency While the new Middle East promised by Condy rise remains a delusion the death of battle of the domestic political order we've lived with since 911 can be thought everywhere in Americans on historical reaction to terror plot In politicians and put it to hysterical overreacted your leader wins defeat in Connecticut even in the whole hom box office reaction to Oliver Stowe's World Trade Center It's not as if the White House didn't put all the stops to move the terror plot to further its politics of fear One self-congregatory presidential photo opposite the National Counterterrorism Center a dead wringer for the set in 24 The most abortions jacked dollars no more persuasive than his Tom Cruise of Top Gun by crying wolf about terrorism way too often Usually what a distractions needed from bad news in Iraq he and his administration have long since become comedy father And that's just on the daily show June scenario was particularly choice as bad that imploded Alberto Gonzalez breathlessly on master mommy terracell plotting a full ground war and the destruction of the series tower even though the alleged cell had no concrete plans No contact with terrorists no worth no equipment including boots Well, most of four of London Pakistan thoughts seem more of a serious threat though not so serious if disrupted Tony Blur's vacation is that the British vouch for it Not attorney general Gonzalez and his keystone cops this didn't stop Michael Trough from grabbing credit in his promotional sprint to last Sunday's talk shows It was as if we had not opportunity to stop nine love me for an actually was carried out And situating himself in that royal we for no matter how persistent is invocation of nine eleven Our secretary of homeland security is too discredited to impress in public that has been plenty this illusion since Carl Roe first exhibited the flag rape remains of a world trade center victim in a 2004 campaign commercial we look at Mr. Chirdoff and still see the man who couldn't figure out what was happening in New Orleans when the catastrophe was being broadcast in real time on live TV No matter what the threat was at hand he can't give a story straight When he said last weekend that the foreting of the London tower field al Qaeda and this array because it's been five years since they've been capable of putting together something to this sort It didn't seem to realize that he was quietly contradicting the Ashcroft Gonzalez claim for the gravity of all the al Qaeda possibly both into stopping in those five years As recently as last October Mr. Bush himself announced list of ten grizzly four of plots including money later described as a kite up plan ready to send the motion to fly a hijack plane of the tallest building on a west coast Jig Jini's credibility is also a meal he'll always be the man who told us that Iraqis would weed our troops as liberators and that the insurgency was in the last troves in May of last year Is latest in predictable effort to exploit terrorism for election year fear mongering arguing that middle amounts to descent on a rack gave comfort to al Qaeda types has no traction because the public is long since untankled the administration's bogus linkage between the Iraq war and al Qaeda That's why I've all the pull of findings lines to eat the most revealing was one of the CBS survey all the percentage of Americans who chose terrorism is our most important problem increased and you meet in aftermath of the London plot Terrorism still came in second only 17% to Iraq at 28%. The administration's constant refrain that Iraq is the central front in the war on terror is not only false but now is also backfired politically only 9% of the CBS pull felt that our involvement in Iraq was helping the crease terrorism as it's fifth anniversary arrives 9. The president itself has been worth by the mayhem and Iraq where more civilians are not killed per month and died in the attack on America the box office returns of world trade center our cultural sign of just how much America has moved on For all the debate about whether it was too soon for such a Hollywood movie it did better in the northeast where such concerns are most prevalent than the rest of the country were like United 93 may have arrived too late Despite wild acclaim from conservatives and in a company email campaign world trade center couldn't have draws step up a teen romance starting a former ever-crably and fish model And playing on 500 fewer screens Mr. Lamont's victory in the Connecticut Democratic senatorial primaries been overhyped as Mr. Jones movie as a bellbother of national politics one artist primary and one brave blue state is nearly meaningless Mr. Lieberman star began to wait and Connecticut well before Iraq became a defining issue is Approprior writing at home is mentioned by the Quinnipiac polar falling from 80% in 2000 to 51% July 2003 and that was before his comocasi presidential bid turned Joe Minton into a national joke The hyperbally that is greeted with a lot of victory in some quarters is far more revealing than the victory itself in 2006 the tired rose strategy Equating any democratic politicians opposition to the Iraq war with cover under fetism in the war and terror looks desperate The Republicans are protesting too much me things a former Greenwich select man like Mr. Lamont isn't easily slined as re-incarnation of Abby Hoffman or an ally of Osama bin Laden But Republicans really see Mr. Lieberman's loss is not a defeat in the war on terror, but the specter of their own defeat Mr. Lamont is about a passing embodiment of a fixed truth Most Americans think the war in Iraq was a mistake and want some plan for a measured withdrawal that truth would prevail even if Lamont had lost A similar panic can be found among the wave of pundits some of them self-proclaimed liberals who have effectively fret that Mr. Lamont's victory signals the hijack into Democratic party by the far left Here represented by virulent bloggers and a prospective replay of its electoral apocalypse of 1972 Whatever their political affiliation almost all of these commentators suffer from the same syndrome They supported the Iraq war under the few exceptions mainly at the lost region on the weekly standard are now embarrassed that they did Best way to assert their moral superiority after Mr. Judging of major issue of our time They lockedfully declared that anyone who shares Mr. Lamont's pronounced opposition to the Iraq war is not really serious about the war against the jihadists who attack this on 911 That's just another version of the Chinese Lieberman argument in his hogwash Most of the 60% of Americans will pose the war in Iraq also want to win the war against the hoddance metastasizing allies That's one major reason they don't want to mark a bogged down in Iraq Mr. Lamont's public statements put him in that camp as well, which is why those smearing him Reserved to the chief prick of setting his leftist great uncle these socialist corals Lamont or apparently an mention that his father was a Republican who served in the next administration Mr. Lieberman, everybody partisan has accused Mr. Lamont of being both a closet Republican and a radical These commentators and no more are devs at reading the long term implications of the Connecticut primary Then if we're seeing food blatant White House propaganda about Sodom's mushroom clouds Their generalizations about the blogosphere are overheated They're shrillest leftling voices on the internet and no more representative of the hold and those of the far right This country remains a country of the center and opposition the war in Iraq is now the center And if you listen to Chuck Hagle and George Will among other neo-conservatives even the center right as the election campaign quickens genuine nightmares May well use syrup the last gas of roby and fear-based politics It's hard to ignore the tragic reality that American troops are caught on the crossfire of a sectarian bloodbath escalating every day That botched American policy has strengthened Iran and Hezbollah and undermined Israel and that the Department of Homeland Security's illiquip not of a friend explosives Liquid or otherwise in cargo is it was an 911 for those who presided over this debacle and must face the voters November This is far scarier stuff than a full of terrorist cell nasty bloggers and Ed Lamont combined This is New Roger This is 516 626 that will be in the real court date to determine whether or not the court has been picked up by the state of Colorado There's the expedition here a young Mark Carr are you excited? He's been ordered extra-nited to Boulder and what they're going to do is drop a huge border Right on his perjade pass Everybody's in the back of the room. You got to see how to finish. We got to perjade pass I just got the route and when I'm up in Bokatega, slap and all the women would paint their lips around the pole I listen to the new Rogers one to two of them I mean I listen to the old Rogers Aaron balance one to two hours The main trunk of right there is the gumwag were peeled off her feet soon and she found it difficult to walk And carefully package to help thank your breath fresh as a subway toilet If the gooey chewy flavor of the region is being eaten with British and Eastern Public defender who was assigned to basically a represent him for this proceeding The ship is landed, it's Michael Rennie, make no mistake about it Back to the jail in order to get his belongings his clothes Of the 40 is transported on a big old eggs that was on a ship had hatched It's still unclear when he would go back to Colorado Whether that flight would be a good idea to go back to Colorado Whether that flight would be at some point today, although we understood earlier from many legal experts They were trying to get him out of here as soon as possible Increasing her what happened in there The judge asked him very quickly at the top of the ten o'clock local time Whether he understood the complaint that had been charged against him in Colorado In fact, we were in the last few days He said that there were five charges that he was faced with including murder, kidnapping, and sexual assault of a minor He said that he basically had the right to wave the expedition And in fact, he would do that and John Carr said that he would He held up the wave of a represume, we didn't see it, but somebody in the courtroom held up The court documents and asked him whether he understood what he was looking at He said yes, he said if you understood the people in the court were holding up their middle finger He said, I don't understand what I'm looking at What is that? I'm telling you man, it's got a per shaped ass That's a pair of creatures with a per shaped ass are not like real human Johnny, here's our straight pass Here's a facts Let me ask you, who is one of the charges was sexual assault All these talking heads all these experts have been saying for these last ten years That's you by and including lately the four thousand hours we've seen this weekend She wasn't sexually assaulted Well, right? Yes, again, oh, at least he wasn't raped I don't want to get to Maybe he's raped her He's just going to get all that out of shape She gets real nervous when we get anywhere below the waist Here's a facts that really just I don't even know what to say about this it's so sad I'm curious if you've seen Randy Rhodes upcoming book and if you intend to read it, says the fact It goes on to say it is unbelievable to me that a lightweight life her is become one of America's leading left wing intellectuals One of America's leading left wing intellectuals I wish that someone who roll off some of the world tapes from WWD Of course time magazine also recently named Miss Madd Rudge is one of America's most influential people And there's a new book that claims that he is the new generation's water crime height despite the fact that drugs can barely string a few sentences together He doesn't need to okay, he ought to be doing 10 to 20 just one sentence Him and his buddy Richard Melon's scafe I'd shave when I think of Richard Melon's scafe You are absolutely correct America has become one big celebration of media equity, it says oh now you're finally starting to catch on Also, you just need to be pouring today's hero to about a revive stadium plan in town. I mean, I do not Didn't see it don't care let me know when they both are stating let me know when it's filled if they build it I won't come as that alright George won't go there Dr. I shall go there though he'll be he'll be ready. I'll load depends of where they build it. Oh, you don't if you do one of those producer nights at the ballpark with free food and three food Yeah, three sex free food free. We sure free transportation Let's hope we can sit down and pick him up on a limo and take him there and just wine him and dynam and booze him and cruise him and smooth him who should then Democrats went for president in 2008 We've got 1179 votes. We're gonna go over 1200 votes today right during the show right here in like in the middle in broad daylight L-goer 324 rhymes with gore and broor how are Dean 174 see that how's Leslie gore doing? Sir party Democrats her party. I don't care 145 Barack Obama 121 Hillary one away not not all I want among our crowd and rightfully and deservedly so Look who they have on MSBC and then into one of their garage areas Which entrance you would go in so there's a few entrance but we may be able to get a little bit of what what and help is Again, what I have there there was a very sort of quiet, you know john Markar sitting there This person shouldn't be making a cross be like that. Wow Hillary one away john it was 89 your Biden 74 rust fine gold 45 to in from nowhere. He was a late edition without both the screen rust fine gold 45 LES schizophrenia 37 I hate this pool 36 3% and john Kerry still just way way way the back of the pack with an old sack 26 You know who the old sack is Theresa with all her money our ketchup our Hein 57 26 votes. Well, I saw where did I see it? I wanted these Maybe it's in one of these movies maybe it was in why we fight. I don't know one of these where they showed the 2004 work carrier was nominated She was she was absolutely blitz. I mean hey when you could afford it even dressed and never got blitz like she was I mean, it's just unbelievable when you can afford the good stuff why not Right, it's the groovy we were really wants a good stuff call up Theresa Hein's carries weed are she's got 57,000 in a variety if she's a good evening message Matt Crenson right and nobody's come up with our SPTC. I thought for sure. We never lot of really creative people calling him with them We're just a lot of creative people calling him didn't happen 5 6 7 0 5 60. I mean to me Of course once we find the DNA that's gonna be the most important thing Right, yes, although for DNA doesn't match that doesn't prove anything. They pointed out that the DNA that was found under panties could have been from the factory Anybody ever stop and think about that? I don't want to talk about jamanies pan. Okay. What were they doing with those? That's a factory No, but I'm just saying it could have been from a you understand what handling funny under oh Are you starting again with panty talk yes 5 6 7 0 5 60 SPTC we're still waiting pound five six in the Verizon single-to-werevel line Is this a creative audience or what are these people really into the maybe they just don't care about this that put you took on them for over the weekend 40 some percent so they don't why they don't know from this crap and then call today So everybody seems to be on the same food murder kidnapping sexual ass soft impersonating human being all these all of these All of the things W to Q a M hello. I heard that W to Q a M hello. Yes W to Q a M. We'll try to get in hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What happened to the crossover? Thanks Thanks not on in a morning anymore. Shmuck get lost 5 6 7 0 4 the business. I just seriously this audience man. I wouldn't wish them on on Avigabore. It's just it's unbelievable. It's just amazing just retard city and I'm sitting here Yeah, this is the thing because I enjoy it and George Washington so that's it. That's all we care about touch like But I'm sitting here we know this stuff and pretending not that I think it's gonna make even the tiniest eye-oatah Not a scrap full of difference in the hidden a history of our lives, but you know It's something at least I feel a little productive informative whatever I enjoy it And I'm talking to a bunch of breathing idiots out there That next the best they can do it isn't like now. It isn't because I'm really this way for how many years? I'm a second remember It's either this crowd of mouth readers are back at me. Hello doctor. I got a little bit of doctor. What can I do doctor? This is me This is 5 62 The Middle Eastern world Will be exploded to dominate people killed with the cast that we sold him first time a Gress ordination and they only want that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing Forget about Korea The nooks they're toasted and the right queen is filling it over and over into our head That is right as some That is the best destruction I'm dying on the land I'll go through 3000 people killed I don't know for that. I'm exploitive instead Hey, there's oil to be caught it going after some time to play Plato's some of there's no longer mention of the name in lot of but no It seems concerned of the and complacent believe in every word of this cartel It's been a situation that controls us by fear through the DNA manipulation and the right queen We're just really little over and over to our head That I ragged as some That brings up mass destruction The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paid We're all suspects now not the ash property I have nothing to hide People talk as all are safe I know be the entitled on us in the reservation Valor provoked that a lot We're the nile nature O'er Jesus must fall And have a virgin and so with no objection and all They're the credstone of the ball And us right We're really little over and over to our brain Watch and I ragged as some Wemps of mass destruction We're the only I ragged as some Wemps of mass destruction We're at the table coffee and we're so camera-y to play These are the consequences of the way about not the potter But about your mark car Concentration can create fodder for defense lawyers For your fodder for your fodder for your fodder Mo-dead Mo-dead Mo-dead By the way, your other good news is Tros of end recusions and the hunting of the president will be there tomorrow All right How do you like that? Dependous give me something for the weekend I'm going to tell you something man These amazons on com they don't muck you around here They're just tremendous They're unbelievable what they are And the good news is let's see it's 20, 20, 7 bucks for the kiss in your one But the other one is it's like Almost nothing The last for free That's funny The hunting of the president, 998 Plus recapable tax Nicholas Perry hunting of the president And Tros of end recusions you jeaned your reki Also who produced the why we fight video And I was sitting here thinking, oh yeah, let's talk about these different DVDs People are watching and they want Why do I waste my time? Why am I talking about this crap? Yeah exactly 216 votes on a poll they like how gore And like I said before he's only five points behind story And the way this to a poll of democrats nationwide At least I do this a little bit of hope Because she I think she's got a loser written all over her ass You know, and I don't think her ass is even per shaped No, it's poor like an apple Oh god And in fact the rotten apple is what I would say Right under the core maybe a pumpkin I heard there's maybe a little woman William grass William gruffeter rights Identity crisis in the nation You're right for the nation You know, William gratter is great No, I don't know Oh, yeah, you do we put his columns on a website You don't put his stuff on the website when you're uh Oh, no, no Why don't I don't know I might have I don't read the alphabets I don't know You sure don't know your uh Like intellectuals No, like my road He's got to know that Oh, oh, oh, oh, did you see the story I had there today about your America about how we can lame And do you see that? No, but I wasn't about the airtown So much it was about the promotional effect It make an impact like a fart in a windstorm Which is correct William gratter says the question of party identity takes on weird new relevance Now the jewelry woman is cross dressing in Connecticut The feted once is a democrat Tarysam Joe is now running against an independent Only he says he stole a little damn at heart How can we know he's not lying? Call a roven to Republicans appear to think otherwise They're pouring serious money in the Lieberman's campaign And dumping a classic Republican smear job I know Lamont the legitimate democrat Ned remember beat Joe fair and square in the party primary But Joe agrees with Carl that Ned is a threat to the Republic Because Lamont thinks Bush is born Iraq is a bloody catastrophe As do nearly two thirds of the American public Something about his odd drama doesn't pass the smell test I suspect Carl and Joel have made a deal A back scratching understanding you might say Carl says to Senator Joe we will help you beat Ned in a general election And you will agree to cross over and sign up for the Republicans If we need your vote to retain our majority in the Senate Joe says is a deal that only if my fellow democrats make us in sear effort To support Ned and defeat me otherwise if the Demors go limp and sell out Ned I have to stay loyal Carl fair enough How do we make the terms that need to clear everyone without announcing it? Joe you very publicly dumped the known name Republican candidate in the race I started attacking the patriotism of anti-war democrats like Bernie Sanders who is running for Senator and Vermont We both cut up Ned Lamont with the same vicious slurs for training him as a fellow traveler for Alkada Carl, excellent I have a hit group called Vets for Freedom We'll start crossing the mud Joe my democratic pals will understand completely This is the kind of bipartisan civility of always sought in politics And then where you've been granted was on to say okay I can't prove any of the above But at least it's clear that the devious and underpendable agreement is devised A very nasty dilemma for his earth's wild friends in the Democratic Party Most of them have declared a support for the party nominee to Ned Lamont And at least some of them seem sincere That demonstrates the party establishments respect for the new energies that Lamont's anti-war supporters Bring into the party Which Joe's flagrant turntable routine effectively warns the party regulars to back off or else This existed logic goes like this But Democrats will win the Connecticut's tendency by doing nothing from the national level Since it's either going to be Lamont or Lieberman But if the party establishment for Vostro by putting real hefty Heinle Lamont's campaign Then it was losing the seat If Joe wins with a heavy support provided by Bush and Republicans, he may feel compelled to walk out Some Democrats I hear the second hand are flirting with his go-lip strategy Others are arguing intensely that the party has no option except to put all of his weight behind the party nominee And affect make damn sure that Ned wins Above all they have to demonstrate their commitment to Lamont follow those new rank and file forces Who harbour deep skepticism about the party's timid leadership If Democrats fail to demonstrate their genuineness, they may very well create a much more serious problem for the party down the road A Lieberman victory regardless of how it occurs but encourages the rebels and inserts from within the party to skip party Primerries and Novice events and run their challenge candidates in the general elections just like way we're Joe These rebel challengers might not win but they could rally enough as sinning voters to bring down a lot of incumbent Democrats Joe Toss party identity after window why shouldn't they? This would be a far bluddy or path to reinvigorating the Democratic party bringing it down order we build it But some reform agitators have noticed that it works Prerter's side of bloodletting was how the Republican right got its groove and gained its power over the other party Prerter's side of bloodletting Half a lot of bloodletting go on you know Yeah, in fact this president's got more blood on his hands got nothing to feel like the Mediterranean see if he asked me I could be right about that I think so they have ten days to bring in here from California ten business days and that would be but does you know Let's see on a flight to border does he get like champagne and rock lobster? You because we've been loaded you get lobster from at the top of the hour and you see this is from the better way was Al Orlando else the query that started those rumors about the place across the street Just thought I would mention it in Josh court is saying to the guy you're driving Josh got taken to the wood shed for that is what I'm hearing Got a weapon they take out some of the wood shed Yeah, something like that. Yeah, I hear that stuff is going to take out of the wood shed and give you what for 1225 hosts. I think we got like an outside well We got a shot at 1250. That's not good crazy here. Okay. Let's go for 13. It's not lucky number anyway. When you think we believe that he removed Forced with he's on his way, baby, and he ain't going to San Jose is going from our late of Boulder ever been in Boulder, Colorado I can't say that I can't say that I have never been in Colorado period I have been to Denver a few times. Oh, do you want a horrible right wing place? I would say like step away from Arizona and geographically of course it's like one breath of a while politically it might be but it's you know got mountains and it's got water Yeah, Arizona's got last one tiniest. Does it have water a lot of cacti 1220 and 9v10 pool, L. Gore 339 and Drank here is still sucking away way down the road 27 This is Neil Rotten and Bridge on 11. More is 516. Hey, just tasted just now. Congratulations. Get a life. This is Debbie. Oh, hi, Debbie. I'm interested in going through operations done. Okay. And somebody contouring in some liposuction. Uh-huh. I was wondering if it's in tummy tuck and the lip augmentation has many best surgery face to all of these things. Uh-huh. There's wondering. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. Me, I'm not there. We do. The notion in the basket. Uh-huh. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Uh-huh. Laser surgery. Uh-huh. Have the lamb's stop crying yet mommy. Executory? Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. Did you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then I'll are looking at you. We can tell you that we'll see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It works the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yes. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay, my name is buffer will be okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay, my name is buffer will be okay. Let's the notion in the basket. I understand. It puts the notion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation? It puts the notion in the basket. Okay, you would like to make it a point when you want to call me back. It puts the notion in the basket. I got my skin shooting at my glacial nail. It puts the notion in the basket. I understand that. It puts the notion in the basket. What you like to make it a point? It puts the notion in the basket. Okay, I was talking to the time. It puts the notion in the basket. Hello. What's it we need trying to say? It puts the notion in the basket. Okay, 1.31 29 till 2. We got Curtis Stevenson at 2. Let's get back to the sanctity of sports baby. Curtis Stevenson at 2 and we got to a mad dog at 4. This is the last week of this horseball lineup. Then next week we really get cereal. Next week we got the brand new lineup we're going to lay out. Kenny Walker, everybody I was Kenny Walker. Don't think he never heard of him. He's going to be on there with Kim Babolkamp right in the morning. Kenny to kind of wake you up and Kim would give you like back in the summer, back in the summer, our comatostate. We're staying put man right here at 10 to 2. Then mad dog to the 5, the Humper 4 to 7, which means they overlap. They work together between 4 and 5. They're going to be doing a cross race hour. Then after that, you're on your road. We got ball games and stuff, faceball and talking and, who's ball, also. Rami Curry, guess who Rami Curry. I wonder if he's Kim to keep Curry. For resigned because of health reasons. Did you explore that with anybody? Find out what that was all about? You don't care, but you are a heartless guy. I thought you like Kid Curry. Still good. I was always very nice to us. Rami Curry is the editor of the Beirut based daily star. I just mentioned that to give you a little insight as to who this guy is. This was printed by the Guardian UK, though, which is where you get the good stuff. The Guardian and the Independent. Israel and the US are still focused on the wrong issues. He says, every major political issue, Lebanon, Iraq, radicalism, links back to the festering Israeli Palestinian conflict he writes. What's that fact you just said? I would say submission. Stupid, bush terrorized the country. I like that. SBTC, excellent job. Very good. SBTC. I don't think these people even know what I'm talking about. What are you talking about? I don't know. I'm talking about the only thing anybody in the world is talking about. John King, of Kara, whatever is named. Just a man who feels like his life is about to change ways to matter. But she feel the pressure of what is going on. Well, again, I can't speak to what he feels. I feel this with his perishate dance. Anyway, Randy Kurs is way of a very simple choice before us in Middle East. We can get serious about working together to give the people of this region a chance to live normal lives in peace and security. Or we can all act silly in the ways of provincial chiefs as many public figures in Lebanon, Syria, Iran, Israel, and the US have done a recent days. The chances of achieving a region wide peace in the Middle East are slim to non-existent right now because the key non-error players are focusing on the wrong issues. They try to manage or eliminate the symptoms of our region's tensions instead of addressing the root causes. His volite Iran are among the best examples of this. Israel and the US are obsessed with disarming his blonde confronting Iran. But a quarter of a century ago, neither of these issues existed. How has volite Iran became so problematic, his worth recalling. Until 1979, Iran under the shore was a close ally in front of the US and Israel, and his volite didn't even exist. What happened to the three decades from the mid-70s to today? Many things, the most consistent one was that we all allowed the Arab Israeli conflict to a fester unresolved. Its bitterness kept seeping out from its Palestine-Israel core to corrode many other dimensions of the region. The constant flashes between Israel and the Iran since the late 1960s derived heavily from the Arab resolve, Palestinian and Israeli conflict that started with 1948 war. Since Iran's 1979 revolution is long as revolutionary zeal has found effective expression in its closest association with his volite, which Iranian revolutionary guards were instrumental in establishing and training. Iran's assistance to Hamas today follows a similar pattern. A non-Arab power such as Iran explores to be zimit against Israel and the US throughout the Arab world to make political enroads into Arab regions. If the Arab is really comforted, then resolve decades ago, Iran wouldn't have the opportunity. His volite has many people working backwards. While the American Israeli effort to disarm his volite aims mainly to protect Israel, the fact is that his volite has developed his military capability primarily in response to an easy protect Lebanon from repeated Israeli attacks in the past four decades. Lebanon's cause to disarm has been moderated more by a desire to prevent the party from bringing more ruin from Israeli attacks or to prevent it from taking over the country's political system and aligning it with Syrian Iran. The way to end his volite status is the only non-state armed group in Lebanon is to be wind or real and go to the heart of the problem that causes his volite development's formidable military capabilities in the first place. If we saw the Arab is really conflict in a fair manner according to UN resolutions, we would eliminate two critical political forces that now nourish his volite's armed defiance. It is really a threat to Lebanon and the ability to Syrian and Iran to exploit the ongoing conflict with Israel by working through Lebanon. Iran has its own reasons, including some valid ones for developing a fluently or flual cycle, though the potential atomic weapons capability that derasement is more problematic. Iran's political meddling in Lebanon on another Arab alliance is another virtue. Yet it is linked, unbelievably, that the assertion of Islamist identity, she and powerment any Western defiance and domestic challenges to autocratic Arab regimes, toward dynamics that have often been associated with and exacerbated by the ongoing Arab-Israeli conflict. Israel's persistent attempts to secure its place in the region by military force have always generated a greater air world of fight and now also supported by Iran. Local attempts to secure its borders, occupation, surrogate armies, cross-border attacks, separation walls, massive punishment and humiliation to civilian populations have not worked for Israel and only generate more determined and capable resistances with his volite. Israel will also fail in its desire to subcontract its security to foreign or regional states as it's attempting to do through the international force in South Lebanon or by having Turkey prevent arm shipments to his volite from Iran. Every tough issue in his region, Lebanon, Iraq, Syria, Iran, terrorism, radicalism, armed resistance groups is somehow linked to the consequences of the festivities in his Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Politicians and government leaders who dominate this region are engaging from Western capitals all look like rank amateurs or interpret roots as they flatlet symptoms instead of grappling with the core issue that seemed the region's spin-off and ever greater circles of violence since the 70s. A comprehensive Arab-Israeli peace agreement is achievable from the Arab side to the judge-by-the-repeded offering of the 2000-2 Arab-Summit Peace proposal. Israel and the U.S. must quickly decide if they too can become sensible and work for a comprehensive peace as the most effective way to reduce and then reverse the cycles of resentment, radicalism and resistance that not to find much of the Arab Islamic Middle East. Makes too much sense to the other. That's just when they're in Bahamur and that'll make some more of us talking about let's go in there and nuke them. Crazy people. Let's just have the whole Middle East just boil over and it was screaming and then of course the whole world. It's a very W-3. But what's that guy to do with John Bane? Do you know what? If he's not crazy, then he's a murderer and if he's a murderer, instead he may very well be his defense. So to come out publicly. This is the new thing. I'm sure you've noticed. I'm sure everybody's noticed. It's said less spreading like a cancer. The shrill screaming clouds that are on all these. And of course, Nancy Grace was run to very first. She's running to shape all the other. There all want to be Nancy Grace Jr. now. Only shriller and louder and more demonic and more into grotesque. Another one was that Gloria Allred, that bitch. And now there's everybody at Tern. They've got some brought in MSNBC who's supposed to be a news reader in the daytime. And now she's one of the editorial commentaries. She's another one. I think she's drawing with a hip with Wolf Litzker, your reverse CNN. Oh, poor little Israel. And she's just sitting on her editor, analyzing and talking up the storm and then got any idea with those she's talking about. But it would put about shrill, talking head, bitch's man. Maybe that's what that beast stands for. N-S-B-T-C. Shrill bitches. Terrizing the continent. All right? How's that? I'll take it. I'm sure that the sea could stand for something else. What? I ain't gonna tell you, see? You can't spell bush without the S. 255 votes. You know, if you pushed on his jar, it's lead to made the 1300. If you did our good. If you'd have leaned on it, you know. And what kind of guys actually do sleep in the same, you know, like in the same bed. Parachate. Asciss. Guys with pear shaped asses and funny looking glasses kind of like Robert Greeper. This is real Roger. You found this? This is five sixty two eight. I just Larry King and they don't come any better than real Roger. Longest to those. Roll out of barrel. Expensive barrel of oil. Eight four of the barrel. And it will make your blood boil. Spite means you're innocent. And then it's way too soon. Now the time to put the barrel of the certain part of you. Have it in that bush of this oil barrel. Right way to the sun, don't shine. Got us over a barrel. But we got a new thing in mind. We'll fill our own barrels. With what we grow on our land. And we don't need your barrels. You get all go down sand. Right dome. What forty five? Only fifteen away from Curtis Stevenson and very important sports crab. Iran rejected the deal on its Iranian military program back by the US and other global powers today. But its rejection was not outright. In Spardner rejection Iran is apparently offered a new form where we resolve the issue to negotiations according to Ali al-Alam. The Iranian TV channel. Al-Alam. They're on the land. And meanwhile, in Iranian news agencies report him that the nation Supreme Leader has lashed out. A US president George W. Bush threatened to smash the arrogant powers. If huge powers become involved in the curtain of the stand-up, you can't. You got to love the foreign policy of this bunch. Search and search. What's the thing? What's the thing? Farce news agencies closely affiliated with Iranian judicious U.S. quoted Ayatola Kamini. Not to be confused with Ayatola Komeni, who are cropped in early father of the plane when they were transporting his cans. Can't you remember that? Yeah. Actually the cans you did fall out in the body. Like, whoop is rolling down the runway. But Ayatola Kamini is called on muslimated to join together to paralyze the US. This person, Bush speaks as if he were the master in honor of Lebanon, Palestine, Iraq, Syria, Iran and other muslim states. But if the huge power nations come to the scene as it happened in Lebanon, it will smash the arrogant powers so badly that the enemies of Islam will no longer be able to continue with their rude and arrogant behavior said Ayatola Kamini while addressing a public meeting on Tuesday. Also attended by the heads of the three branches of government. The Expegian Sea Council chairman, the state and military officials and a parted in a pair of tree. And by the way, most of the food was tree. He said that the World Hegemotic Powers had pinned much hope in the former dictator of Iran screening the Shah. And he reminded him, but Imam Komeni provided a huge service for the nation in broader regions to the scene, a bunch of Getskis. If the same pattern of vigilance takes place in all of these Islamic states and muslimations come to the scene, the US and other arrogant powers of the world will be paralyzed in the face of the huge power nations. Everyone I've told you about most of that, can about the Shah of Iran about all these and the Savak used to pull out people's fingernail. The worst torture is in butchers, even maybe worse than the Tantan Makut. You know that old Kut? Yeah, I know. Oh, she's on again. Whichever it is, all the way to the country, from the county jail, we're told that it's about half out of the dark. So we would probably be able to get some aerial shots of that vehicle that Iran's unknowingly being transported. There are many things. I'm so much dangerous. I'm being turned out to be an airport. You wonder why the public's mind, like I was talking about before, by most people are like, look, look like that in America. Like that. And of course the brits they got Richard Quest, who they put on the CNN International in the new hour, just to show you how slowly they are. What is don't eat eat? That's why Richard over to MSNBC, I will not watch Richard Quest under any circumstances. If you thought the sight of New Orleans flooded to the ease, its people, traffanatics, or towering on rooftops was the nightmare hurricane, I better reach over to shut their shut off that monitor. Why? I should have done it a long time ago. Yeah. And if we have any reasonable calls today, maybe one or two, huh? You know, I don't remember. So, we don't know any that we're like, you know, we couldn't live without, I don't know. Although I do like that one segment there where we had like the whole Russian and all of a sudden, I was like, look at the fingerman. They all like vanished. But I don't know if you get it. And of course they're motto being. I have no right. If you thought the sight of New Orleans flooded to the ease, his people, traffanatics, or towering on rooftops, was the nightmare, hurricane scenario. Think again. And guess who is passing this information along to us? I give you a clue. Hurricane Center in our ticket, old-futty dirty. Next, may feel, oh, that one. I wonder if he's kind of Curtis may feel. You're going to make me feel. You're going to make me feel. The National Hurricane Center says there's plenty of potential for a storm worse than Hurricane Katrina, which goes 1339 people along the West Gulf Coast and costs some $80 billion in damage by stock. And most of the people by the way are not back in their homes. And they're still wandering around like a bunch of refugee years. People go, Curtis may feel, all right. People think we have seen the worst we have in the world. And in the world we have, as may feel, quote, Rodgers and interview with the Fortress Life Hurricane Center in Miami. I think today is coming. He said, I think eventually, we're going to have a very powerful hurricane in a major bunch of rotten area worse than what we saw in Katrina. And it's going to be a mega disaster with lots of loss. Not if we can put brownie brown back in charge again. If we can get him off those Arabian horses' answers. I don't know what that's going to be. This year were five years from now or 100 years from now, but as long as we continue to develop the coast line like we are, we're going to be doing up for disaster-sid old max, mad max. But if I remember back during Katrina, probably the most important thing that anybody said the max. Looking back nearly a year to the costliest natural disaster in the US history and the third worst hurricane in terms of American lives loss, may feel safe Katrina itself could have been a greater disaster. More than two days before it struck the Gulf Coast, it had put it to the hurricane, said a pretty good speech you attract accurately. And where it could become a powerful cat for on the sufferers since in scale of hurricane intensity. New Orleans was squarely in the danger zone in emergency managers and residents had plenty of time to prepare. One of my greatest fears is having people go to bed at night prepared for a cat one and waking up to a Katrina andrew. He said, what are these days it's going to happen? The worst case to retain scenario may feel has many in mind as stronger hurricane closer to New Orleans. A directed and the vulnerable Galveston Houston area. I can just here Grand Campbell singing out, can't you? Hey Glenn. The fragile fluid of keys are heavily populated by me for a lot of days. Oh my god. Or how about a major hurricane racing up the east coast of New York, New Jersey, with its millions of people in billions of dollars of pricey wheel estate? One of the highest dorms surges possible anywhere in the country is where Long Island jets out in the right angles to be Jersey coast. They can get 25 to 30 feet of storm soon. Not third man. We've been going up the Hudson River Mayfield, sir. I'm not going up the Hudson River Mayfield. Now, some ways you're going to flood some people might think, hey, I'll go one of the same ways. Now, be safe. No, they're going to flood if this happens. He said, mayfield, a silver here 34-year veteran who just turned 110 of the hurricane center who became his publication 2000 is a tarly scam painter for hurricane per prison. If he's the public face of the hurricane center, does that make Jon Karka, what ever his name is? Does that make him the public ass? The public paradise? I am embarrassed man. Well, it's just a very interesting thing. I'm sure you discussed this at length Monday, not federal judge in Miami Monday dismissed the lead tarry count against Jose Fadilla who used to be Jose Padea. The US citizen once identified as a dirty bomb suspect and he tennis enemy combat and you dirty rat with your dirty bond. I don't like that. I had not heard that. US District Judge Marsha Cook said in the written opinion that the charge conspiracy to murder kidnapping, main persons in a foreign country duplicated other counts in federal grandeur and that would hand it down last year. And indictment is multiplicity when it charges a single offense multiple times in several counts, you wrote, as charged, he ended the indictment exposes Padea and his coat of tennis to multiple punishments for single crime. The indictment co-says, alleges, and one and only one conspiracy in the same defense are realigned each of the consecutive counts. The two remaining counts are conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists and providing material support to terrorists. He's treated not guilty of the indictment trial schedule for the next year. Poor Jose Padella Padea. I mean, when you got a guy you can't even, you don't even know what his name is. And there is a Kendall Coffee again there with a scar on a monument of background. Kendall, let me start with you because one of the things, oh, I'm not good at that court room. It's outside by lawyers who spoke about their concern about who? Tanting a jury for. We don't know who his lawyer is going to be in the final team when he gets a nasty result. But how worried are you? I was doing a lot. Tanting the jury for being able to control the way the picture of John Markard gets out to the public. What's the huge issue in a immediate concern? And one of the first things the lawyers going to do is is, let me look like Gull all the go see the strange lighting on him. They want to make him look like he's in, you know what they am using in park where they have those bizarre mirrors where you're looking in this room. It's on the front house. Yeah, he's in the front house. He's in the front house. He's in the front house. He's coming in the front house. He's coming in the place. That's what he had in the whole cup of coffee in the front house. Okay. Well, I, you know something? I think we accomplished miracles here today. And especially they found out about. No, no, no, no, no about that. We're having that book coming out. Aren't you going to be reading that for part of the way? Yeah, well, I was going to hope you, I was hoping you'd read it to me. No, I'm not going to be reading on the ear. In fact, one of the most important things in her book is going to be Hi. This is Jim. Love you. Show me. Love you. Love you. This is Neil Rogers. Oh, there's his five 16. Jesus. Throw a new boy into his arm and give him a guitar. Well, a star in his head. Sayon, sorry, I'm going on. We are the buses. We are going to be w-said Am I doing two times a row. Goddamn. I guess prices. They're going up by six cents. The improvised explosive devices. And the world just does not get what it's all for. I'm crushing our business world. I love this. There's trouble from Roughnecks who fight with their fists. Go home, Albert. Money, money, money, money. But if it's huge, why don't you crazy or something? Way more fun than we are now. We got out with... We got voters. She thinks people will vote for me. The kids will also angry the notice. Everyone else will be dead. And poor. If you're money, the mattress will all get a dime. We're gonna be living in the living room. I love this world. Bye-bye-bye!