I'll get a moment to be like as you see in the mirror. Don't take my blackberry. You take my blackberry. It means the world to me. I do it. It's a good day. I get my email everywhere I am. Everybody with my my faders up to one gold center. You want to say no, don't be a world out of a channel. Don't take it away from me. Don't take it away. No, don't take my blackberry. You better give your damn hands off my blackberry. It's a don't take my blackberry. Don't take my blackberry. I'm driving to a tree. I use it and everything. And Jeff, I message it just for me to roll a piano roll. And sit in my car and compose the poems and poems. You go online and order my kids from the cake in way through me. Don't take it away. No, don't take my blackberry. Don't take my blackberry. Don't take my blackberry. Blackberry, break breakers, solace, night should my own girl wear. Baby, no, don't take my blackberry. It's a don't take my blackberry. I'm on a constantly, don't take my blackberry. Let me roll in my blackberry. I'm on a crazy, don't take my blackberry. I'm on a crazy, don't take my blackberry. I'm hooked worse than a death druggy. Don't take it away from me. Don't take it away. I'm cry like the small babies. Don't take it away. Don't take my blackberry. Wow, look at this. Ten-two now. What's that was a story there? What was that all about? Did we find out? No, we wore it up in the other room for some reason. Whatever the story is, that's what happened. What do you mean by that? That's the only thing that could happen. We were playing the hell out of everything in here. Yeah. And not here. What's not here? Somebody have a beer, just dead here. Well, don't look at us. Look at the hangs crew there in a morning. Nice going shy and coping everybody else. Yeah, it was a good job. It was somebody else, not us. Wow, okay. I said, well, we'll leave our own couple minutes to dead here. Starting now. Yeah. That was good. So, how does he know what we were making? Sounds, we were still weren't on the years. Which is Sam. That is correct. Well, it's nice, nice touch. Anyway, here's the pull from Friday. And by the way, we got a major announcement here at WQA. M. Joyce stitches our new General Manager at QA. M. She's calling all the shots. Programming, sales, engineering, promoting, promotions, all right. You can't control. Can't control. And Janet Tursi is going to be cleaning up. We're going to be cleaning up big. We're going to mop up the market with Joyce, which I would like to as a matter of fact. Just absolutely amazing astonishing. But nevertheless, we'll write along. What movie should never have been remade? That was the pull on my guess, Friday. Wasn't it? Yes, it was. This was an over the long weekend. Psycho 209. How many votes we get? Our 1943. What was year after I was born? What a great year. Right in the middle of WWW2. And the remake was on just the other night. And I guess what? Suck. Yeah, the world's 166. Panned of the Apes. Pota. 148. Why is it that idiots groupies that movie call it pull on? Never heard that, I think. Oh yeah. Oh no. You just don't need enough online crap, man. No, they take up to that. Pink Panther 100 in the 30. Yeah, PPS, they call it. Right. Now let me just say this about. By the way, Larry King likes to have sex in the T.P. Would his anyway? Yeah, he likes to keep his. We're not. What is in Joyce? Well, you know, I think we're just going to start using the word Joyce. We place every word in every sound we can't make. Right. That's it. So go Joyce. What's up? Pink Panther, I'm thinking it's even out yet. Is it the Steve Martin thing? No, no, there's still nothing. But don't, don't waste your time. We've seen the previews. Oh boy, you'll cry. The longest yard 127 Willy Wonka 99. Bad news, bears 91. Roar balls, even with the lovely Chris Klein 71. Herbie the love bug 67. King Kong 51. The blob 49. Guess who's coming there 41? The boy who will ask him Kuchi Koo, oceans 1141. Miracle on 34th Street 38, Miracle on 38th Street 34. The producer is 36. Godzilla 34. Manchurian candidate in flight of the Phoenix each head. Bad. The middle sky cheaper by the dozen 28. Stepper wise 26. But his a long pond restless. Amityville Horan time my sheen man 25. And you know why it was not good? Because the second that remake was not a good machine. No. I had many of those at nine were this weekend. Although could have been a lot worse was not too bad. Walking tall 24. Shaff 23. A star. A star. A star. Doctor. A team. Donna the dead 18. Locked her fall. The bird cage. And freaky Friday. And Alfie 10 17. How much Alfie's dead. Used to be on K.T. With Mickey Dane. Alfie. What a loser he was. God in 60 seconds 16. Meet your black 15. When a stranger calls 15. Don't see the remake. Please. Unless you want to be really pissed off. House of wax. Mr. Deeds 14. And also. Dracula 14. 12. Angry men 13. 13. Angry men. A dozen. Fun with the conchane 12. The postman always rings twice. And the out of towners and cave theory. Chatted dozen. The fog 11. The Italian. Job 9. The vanishing 7. Yes. Seven. I guess in. In here at the win. Six. The getaway 4. Saw my preaching. Saw my preaching. Four. And have any. He'll say. I. I don't know why. I don't. We. I think we're going to say, we're going to say a really suck. I think that it's. Well, there you go. Well, I got a wild pile here today. Come on. So this. Let me just say. I'm Friday. I got a lot of things to say today. I'm going to get them all out. Because I'm really. I'm just fired up to a friendly first of all. Terrence just leave us along. Okay. All I want is to get paid. That's all I want. Leave us along. We attended to. We're doing a fine job. If you ask us. We're doing our instructional job. That's right. We have no ratings difficulties on this show. with them, okay? You're emotional and bowel problems deal with them. Just give me paid on time, leave me alone. I'm not looking for any more half hours seminars before the show, which I thought I made very clear to Joe Bell last week, but evidently the message doesn't come through. Be pe pe pe pe pe pe pe. Just on and on and on. Just go away and by the way, the sad some more bad news. And that is two to four continues to two to four for Moll is a revolving dough. Yo, yo, yo. We got the same deal this week as we had lunch with. We got Bo for Moll. I mean Bo where Moll used to be, two to four today and tomorrow. Curtis is only on Wednesday. That's because I said he was doing a real good job. So they only put him on one day. And Thursday and Friday, it's the sweet monster guilty of me back. A lot of hockey talk to blow the audience far away. Again, that's how my keen and I began. I heard a little bit of that keen and thing that they started like Mike was in a phone booth somewhere. Something like he was in a cave in Montana. Well, they were all trick or bullfrey, they were all bullfrey. Yeah, it was phenomenal. Very good. But anyway, don't start getting costign out. Just like Greg Coatex tomorrow and I read that crap you wrote on Friday, Greg, you're not fooling anybody about well, and the arrogors has this legion of oil fans. Secondly, today very the times with you fair right. But nevertheless, I still say he doesn't do it with the sports talk show. Therefore, he won't be listed in on her full. See, I got a good idea for you, Greg. And that is, since you're doing this championships on your blog on a hill tomorrow, between let's see it's Hank and Mad Dog and whatever, LaBastard and Joe Rose, I got a good idea to do it fairly. Let's do it fair because you're obviously trying to stack the deck. Put for the best talk show host, put only the 790 people. And that's for the worst, put only the QM final. So that would be a fair way to do it. So that's what inspired me to do our pool today. We're going to start doing a lot more pools where you don't really have much choice. Where the outcome is already decided ahead of time. For example, today's pool, who is the biggest A-hole in South Florida print media, 320 votes, Dan LaBastard 231, Greg Co. Texas 89, that's it. There are no other choices. Not that I'm stacking the deck you understand. I don't think there's anybody in your leave, you? Nope. Nobody of any consequences out. So there you go. And Dan LaBastard just beaten the crap out of you, Greg. I'd be really upset about that. 236 votes. So that's the pool today and it is what it is. WDQAM Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. My cat is a big fan of your show. Yeah. And Dan. No, it's one of the, you know, he lives at 40. Is that supposed to be cute? Yeah, stop it. Start laughing now. Yeah. Oh, haha. Yeah, put him in my favorite guess what if he got like a walk in even like follow him right in there or be with, I'll press the button. Have no fear. I'll come back on special for that. It's cat is a big fan of you. Oh, haha. Try it. Oh, it's Chinese New Year. I'd try that baby. Yeah, but it's the year of the dog. Oh, listen well. You have a little bit of that to miss and match. Oh, my god. I love that kitty one time. Have you ever seen her run like what's my line? Yes, he's full sister to kitty Carlisle. wounded ABC crew hospitalized in Germany. Oh, ABC News anchor Bob Woodruff, which I never liked him anyway. And his camera and suffered very significant injuries, but our unstable condition today for they wounded by a roadside bomber last in a bomber on day. Everything is final with there. By the way, everything is hockey door. All wear fly. People would say it's okido ki. Look, or 44 year old co-worker of world news tonight who looks about as tasty. It looks even pastious and you do you know. When you think you got it, I'm fatigued. I could put some makeup on him. I'd probably look pasty now too. And camera man dubbed vote 46 year old in Germany this morning to receive treatment for wounds. They suffered Sunday near Tajir, a rack of 20 miles north of Baghdad. Colonel Brian Gamble of Lans, school regional medical center said he couldn't give details on the injuries till luckers can celebrate with their families. Lans, school is the largest U.S. military hospital outside the U.S. They were both listed in serious but stable condition after both sustained hit injuries would refalcest suffered trapped in injuries to his body and vote his broken shoulder. I've been after doing just all wear flying. That's fine. Because everything over there, I don't want to make a lie to this situation, but how come we hear so much about them and about all the other innocent people we are basically not too much that are not only head injuries, but also walking around normal. Dead is the door now. For being snuffed out. That's true. I mean when we get to 3000 then the public is going to wake up and say, ah, I think that's right now. No, no, no, no. I think when we do the break is I got a huge, huge pile of things. Probably just as well. In fact, I think that guys can't well really endure a lot of the bedtime stories. I'm going to literally hear waves with them just because they probably the guys how stinks like crazy too. Like I said about all people that have cancer and how good they're in denial. You're in denial. Let's face it. But if you ever cat a litter box man. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if those adults probably also have like a poopy box for the kids in the house. It's not to think about how stupid it is. It is. I mean, if you want to have your cat do its business inside the house then potty train the damn thing. No, no, no, no, there are. It would happen to fall down. You know, a quick flush is always a good idea. Yeah. Yeah. I heard that if a cat falls in a water in the potty. It gives that flush look in its face. Yeah, when did that flush that thing? You're a bit nasty. Not just useless garbage. Providence after 10 and 560 WMW projects for these sloppy, well, we don't really know what was on here because we couldn't, I guess nothing. The sound of silence, man. Also in other words, we had dead air all that time. Sure. It's people on the toes. It's a new programming angle. You know, like you heard me tell our last guest program director Mr. Over his head about now we're go. If he would spend his much time working about taking care of businesses he does try to like terrorize me and aggravating and agitating. Well, we would like to be actually doing something. I'm kind of like a professional level. But we don't, we're not worried about that. Yeah, maybe one of these days will work in the Bay think. Take it slow. Yeah, we aren't professional grade. Amen. 10 13. Hey, this is all Joyce radio. So, Joyce yourself. If you're in a dead end job, under pay to free New Year's resolution is a high pain career than you've ever acted right now. Pick up the phone call fast train tool free at 1-866 fast train. Fast train will get you train ready for a new high pain career in just a few short months. That's correct. I'm paying yourself a new high pain career in just a few months. What's not to like? And don't forget to demand for medical coding specialist and computer professionals right now is at all time high. Fast train offers convenient day evening and weekend classes. Jump placement assistant substantially for people will qualify too. So, pick up that phone right now. Say goodbye to your dead end job and your meaningless life. Get yourself a real career in a big fat paycheck that goes along with it. Because that's what everybody's working for is that paycheck on payday or close to it. Call fast train 866 fast train. They placed over 100 people just like you in 2005. Check fast train on the web of fast train.com. But act now because classes are filling up fast on this. That train of opportunity this year. Make your new years resolution to get a life a reality this year by making one easy call. 1-866 fast train and be sure and tell them that all Todd Dreck told you to call. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516. Pick up those checkered pants. I'm coming back to you. It's well done. It's good for your kids this way. I just got a sneak preview of Red Co-Tex's pull from next week from the hero from a spy little spy report. Next week is pull is going to be what's your all-time favorite self-loader radio station and he's only going to list 790 to ticket. There you go. Yeah. Blair and Secret Todd with Bush to do PUN. White House leak revealing astonishing details of how Tony Blair and George Bush lied about the Rack War is set to cause a worldwide political storm. Oh my god. A new book is supposed to have the two men can I've to do PUN. And blows the lid off Mr. Blair's claim that it was restraining influence on Mr. Bush. He was a restraining influence. Right. He was holding back. He offered his total support for the war. He secreted White House someone as Mr. Bush displayed his content for the UN made a series of wild threats against the Dom Hussein and showed a devastating ignorance about the catastrophic aftermath of the war. Although things are going very well over there now. Oh we're fine. Based on access to information at the highest level of the book relating British human rights lawyer Phillips Sands, Professor of Law at London University, demonstrates how the two men decided to go to war regardless of whether they obtained you and backing O-Nod. The revelations make a nonsense at Mr. Blair's claim that the final decision was not made until MPs voted in the comments 24 hours before the war and could be about the risk of being charged with war crimes or impeached by parliament and self. And hopefully they could like spill right across the sea when that be wonderful. Sure that's have an impeachment year in 2006. Oh by the way just got my license we knew to mail for six more years. Oh right got my renewal sticker for the back of my license. They have no idea whether I'm deaf dumb blind a quadruple amputee but never let's go on Florida baby think that it come with a rating salary? Yes. And a big picture and a big picture of Jim Bush. Oh right. And boy you talk about a fan ass. The book also makes serious allegations concerning the conduct of foreign secretary Jack Straugh. In other words this could be the last straw. Lord Chancellor Lord Thoukhaner and Attorney General Lord Gulsmith of Gulsmith's legal request to the war. This is by the mail on Sunday yesterday. That's why it has like a British tank to it. And it led us a British government hosted the disgrace newspaper Tacoom Conrad Black was being used by Mr. Bush's allies in America, as a channel for pro war propaganda in the UK by his daily telegraph newspaper. The leaks are contained in a new version of sans book Laulas World first published last year when it emerged at Lord Gulsmith's, a told Mr. Blair the war could be unlawful before a last minute uterine. The new edition would be published by Penguin Mysteries, like the cause of a fierce new controversy on both sides of the Atlantic. It follows recent charges against two British men of the official secrets act after a transcript of another conversation between Mr. Bush and Blair, in which the present raised the possibility of bombing the Elz's Arab TV station was leaked by Whitehall official. What's all this cockatia you're saying? What's going on? And following your dog around with a plastic bag to pick up, well I never followed my dog around with a plastic bag. Those of us who have yards, we let the dog out. Yeah, those of us have yards, we let our dogs out, they reflect loosely and freely, and did the business in our own yard, and opposed to the sublimar angle so they could drop a load on somebody else's yard. We're on the sidewalk there, so you can step in some mouchy pile. Okay. You want to play that game owning a dog into the apartment? You know, I think we've got the cat people try to like, uh, not dogs, you know, if you don't love dogs as far as I'm concerned, that's my comment to you. Okay. By the way, Joyce, that was a raspberry with a raspberry. With a raspberry. With seeds. Right. Oh, yeah, I can spit them out right now. Let's see. I was going to move back to, oh look at that. All kinds of words on this fact that we can't use. I'm not even funny. But why do you wish you 10 sending me that one? Oh, you know, just one from somebody to Dallas. Let's see, here's another one from somebody whose name I can't read bad penmanship. Does that say Roy Ray? I thought you might find it interesting. I got a copy of dolphin digest sent to me by the dolphins. It's size an article by Hank Goldberg and a half of page inside the dolphins by Mad Dog, but not one word written by Jimmy Siffles or Joe Rose, the voices of the dolphins. Oh, okay. Anybody care about that? Well, I'll tell you people must really be bored to tears. That's that's what your life is all about. Bishing about dolphin digestes. You better not be picking on my buddy Jimmy Siffles. You're fair. It's wrong with you. How's that pull coming out? Sure, the audience is on the edge of their seats about the outcome of this. 256 votes. Who's the biggest A-hole in South Florida, print media? Dan LeBash through 255 and Greg Co-tex 101. Not even a contest. Your safe Greg. We finally sound so many that hate even worse than you. Well, most of them don't even know who Greg Co-tex is. And can you blame him? No, who? Bush aid passed sensitive information to Abraham. I just got our great pile of stuff today. Oh, man. I'm gonna be fucked up. I'm gonna be doing that all day. This like clearance was doing this morning again. Again in there again. See you're supposed to say when they come in here to do the eavesdropping. Oh, a carousel just walked in here. Okay, eavesdropping on your private conversation. Oh, just walked in here eavesdropping on another private conversation. All right, all right. All right. All right. That's probably why they never thought of when we tried to come on a year or 10 o'clock. It probably hit it in tune. I'm on a run. That's a good point. I don't know what you're laughing about. I'm not always on my mind, but we got not gonna hide anything else to have anybody else that would be more than happy to say right to their face. For example, whoever gave Jeff on my email address, I will come down there personally and kill that person. Okay? There are people on death row for much less egregious offenses than giving Jeff on my email address. We don't do copy by email. Okay. Fact boy. Has anybody there knows he's done it to me. I printed up a thx to you. There you go. But now I guess he wants to let me know for sure that he's got to think my email address. Lose it. Lose it. Fast. And as soon as I thought about that over the weekend, I came back last night and man, I immediately changed every past word every like, uh, uh, oh, every nook and cranny. There's Ted Kennedy. Maybe I could have made nothing, but there you go. He is foaming at them out pissed off. They're having a photo mother to continue the elina debate and butterbeat, butterboop, butterboup, butterboup and culture and enclosure and the clergy at. Ted, by the way, looking pretty good, but he lost about 400 pounds. It's all the childhood. Nice looking butter. The shinspect was legal strategist meant to prepare a battle plan. A battle plan. By opening. To ensure any vacancies were filled by like mind to jurors. Well, so they have a plan conservative have a plan. They know how what the thinking is of this, uh, of the nominee. It continues. The team recruited conservative lawyers to study the records of 18 potential anomalies including Robertson, Toledo and trained more than three dozen lawyers to respond to news reports on presidential eventual pimp. So we're going to evidently have this group. But the conservatives are going to make the pick and then it's got to decide it around the country out where dozens of lawyers are going to call on in the news reports when they have the president. We believe the president is your type. Oh, see, it's Captain Off-Rain and Miller. That's how they do it. And look who it is. It's guys. There's some boys right. Steve Abram. Yeah. Rush them both as a wife is a chopper in the moth or uncertainty not news network. I've actually invested in these people got him on there talking. Let's see. Now they've been talking about that. They got some goofball on there. But it was like inside those doors. Oh, and Ron, they're talking about in Ron. And here we got the deciding on the future of the whole world. They're in the Supreme Court and they're talking about in Ron. What channel see span on this thing? You're asking me? Hey, you're the cable expert, Mr. You're the one with all here contacts. And they got it on me. Yes. Not to insult publicly until the confirmation goes down. There it is. They can hardly wait. Although I was surprised. I mean, this is being my 23rd Supreme Court. Dominate that we had the nominee up here in the capital last week going around and thanking people for their support receiving congratulations prior to the time that we invoked a lot of them. Pleistina we on the 4th of the United States Senate. Pleistina we 25 senators, Mar-Side is spoken only half of our caucus has spoken. How to chance? Just be sure. And but not now they won't. If we cut off they haven't had a chance to talk. But there are a total now the team has been told not to exalt publicly till the confirmation vote was cast. Then we'll publish campaigns. We pull one over on you. Put one over on you. Any continues, Mr. President? Okay, this one I've kind of whipped up to a frenzy. I like to laugh that. Right there in the middle of the Senate. Uh-oh. Wow. Shocking. What is the public considered about freaking American Idol and the kitty letter? That's what America is worried about. Okay, Austin, me and him we got illegal polls been taken in the Miami Herald over the name of Greg Cotes. We got Joyce running this radio station right into the ground. We got the terrorists running around. Go to show you don't don't ever make a hasty judgment. You know, blah, blah, last year was right by the way. You were right blah, don't make those hasty judgments about anybody. It's like when how many times over the years that I've been on the year by going to a new doctor and come back? Oh, this guy is really great. I finally found a good doctor and then about a week later. I'm thinking this guy's a butcher. You know, he's crazy person. He's like so over medicated. He's like wandering around like I run around and spilling in circles like a Dradle. Which I did have one like that name I mentioned of course. 28 past 10 a QM. We got goal for where Mo used to be in the two to full reviving slot. This is by 16. One's in a generation. A movie comes along that changes the way we look and think about film. Broadback mountain is that film. Here's what people in New York City are saying about Broadback mountain. Broadback mountain. I love that movie. It's one of my favorites. Literally I tried the entire time and he Pleas performance. It was amazing. I love that movie. Here's what people in Arkansas are saying about Broadback Mountain. I mean, you see that flick. I mean, I don't know. I saw two guys at an end and it's been too hot. Unfortunately, his head just exploded. Here's what people in Los Angeles are saying about Broadback Mountain. Oh my god, it makes me heart. It's just beautiful. Last door. I mean, really. How can you have anything more to the right? Fabulous. Fantastic. Here's what people in Utah are saying about Broadback Mountain. I thought I was going to see how board movie. And then also in a public tent they just went on. Unfortunately, his head just exploded. This winter. One movie is breaking by 12th records and connected with the heart and soul of America. Broadback mountain has one virtually every major critics group of war for best picture. Here's what people in San Francisco are saying about Broadback Mountain. It's the edge of it. Here in simple magic, it felt this will be of my soul, my heart. Here's what people in Alabama are saying about Broadback Mountain. My god, there's a couple of me guys in it. Unfortunately, his head just exploded. Broadback Mountain. Not for everyone, especially if you live in a square state. And certainly not for the SAG. They had to run me a letter there, I guess. The FADs you were last night, they might have done them cleaned up. Yeah. Screen actors building I showed out. Well, look at that. It's a little bit of a little round. I was thinking about some more of these polls similar to Monday they were doing. We could do one like maybe next week. What's the worst news paper of all time? We just have the Miami hero listed. The worst rag imitation of the newspaper. Just have the hero on there. Maybe like underneath we could put L-Hero. L-N-Wabo hero. What about this? Yeah. A Bush administration official gave sensitive inside information to this Grace Lobby is Jack Abramov warning him the government was about to suspend the federal contracts to one of his clients' client, newly filed court pay for pay for SAG. That says one of his clients' client. David Sifavy and a former top for your procurement officer provided sensitive and confidential information about force of city or use of tycoe international to a Bramopregarding internal deliberations at the GSA. Say the court papers filed Friday in a criminal case against the Fabian. Abramov is treated guilty. We know that. The White House is refusing to release photos. We know that. Acting on the information that Abramov provided the company in November 2003. Tycoe lawyer Timothy Flanagan. A former assistant attorney general in the Bush administration contacted the general counsel of the GSA and asked for an opportunity to address this suspension. The company revealed Flanagan's role in the statement. In October Flanagan withdrew his nomination to be Bush's deputy attorney general. His confirmation with the lay due to question about his dealings with Abramov when Abramov was a tycoe lobbyist. The government had planned a suspend tycoe because of alleged criminal conduct by former tycoe executive. That for advising Abramov about the internal deliberations at GSA, Sifavy has suggested to a Bramopregarding. Our arguments tycoe should make whether to peel this suspension decision. The court papers of Avianz were the Adiadiadiadi. Once kicked off by Abramov, Tycoe hired an outside law firm and successfully petitioned the government to lift this suspension and let Tycoe continue to perform a government contract. It's just unbelievable. The corruption in the murder and bloodshed that's going on. And the public uses an Lala land and we got Joyce hanging over our head like an albatross. Remember Harry Harvory, Harvey Stanley, the answer in albatross? No, but you do. Yeah, you do. We got this big albatross hanging on like a newsover next. Joyce. Just absolutely pathetic. So anyway, they can change the figureheads and all the things that can move the different pieces of the chest puzzle around. The fact that it matters is that the beeslies at a once-call in the shots. Now that's why we are like for like a pirate station. Remember I said a couple of weeks ago? Uh-huh. We can't not power radio anymore. But basically we're part of it. Operating with adolescents. 3801 votes now. You and I both thought that this poll today was hysterical. Real panic because it's obviously a purpose poll. Even Josh might find it amusing. I don't know. It's good. There you go. But because they can't add to it because of the fact that it's not you know like 17th or 17th doesn't message George Bush. Is that an acronym any of you? Oh well, we only got two choices on there. We don't even know who they are. That's okay. Vote for one of them. Just click it. In fact, no matter which one you're here's the good news for you. No matter which one you vote for. You won't be voting for the wrong one. It's a fabulous poll. You can't make a mistake on this poll. Who is the biggest aid hole in South Florida print media? 384 votes. It's pretty weak. I put it up there last night about I don't know. Eight nine o'clock. We should be well on our way to a thousand but we won't. Dan LeBanister 272 and Greg Co. takes one twelve. That's not the kind of poll we want. We want a bunch of choices. Well, too bad. Speaking of polls, most thing Bush's failing second term. All right. A majority of Americans are more likely to vote for a candidate November's congressional election who opposes President Bush and 58% consider a second term a failure so far going to a poll released on Thursday 58%. Fewer people consider Bush to be honest and trustworthy now that did a year ago and 53% said they believe his administration deliberately misled the public about arrest, reported weapons program. I'd like to 58% say it's failing a second term. I just mentioned that in passing. That's still a story, Robert. Climate experts says NASA tried to silence. And more yet ought to be 98% if you're dealing with smart people but there was one article we hit on their couple days ago and that is the American people most of them are just as dumb or dumber than he is. And just keep saying that to yourself. Go on, I look at them guy because they can relate to him. He talks to you and just like baby. He literally, he adds to it. Now you're talking just like Joyce and the bees lays over there picking a band you're picking it. That's what that's what we poor I got. There's spend a lot of time over there in needles picking it. See? Yeah. In fact, I think one thing Joyce, don't be picking them too many of them sees because then it comes to chronic farting. Oh yeah, that's what it leads to. They believe in there. That gas just kind of like slips right out. The top time at scientists at NASA says the Bush administration has tried to stop him from speaking out since he gave a lecture last month calling for proper reductions in emissions of greenhouse gases linked to global warming. I mean, we're talking fascism big time, baby. We're talking about Nazis, goose stepping. Just like I said years ago and people said all what at Neil is just way over the top. Yeah, right. Pretty soon the American flag is star as an instructor who plays five big swastika. The scientists, James E. Hanson, Long time director of the agency's gotten Institute for Space Studies said then review that officials at NASA headquarters had ordered the public affairs staff to review is coming lectures, papers, postings on the gutter website and request for interviews from journalists. Journalists like Greg Kotech and Dan Levaster. Dr. Hanson said he would ignore the restrictions. They feel their job is to be this sensor of information go out to the public he said. The in a costa deputy, as a matter of fact, you know something? No, I don't know. I'm going to interject something in here. I don't want to read all these longs around our website. It's a little pondress. But if I can just enter interject something right there, I think to say this business censorship, I think that the beeslaze enjoys if they're going to like a star playing bush boss again with this show or with anybody else. Make a list okay give us some specifics. What can we do? What can we say hello? Huh? Can we say goodbye? Can we say how you do it? No, we have a list and be specific instead of this guessing game. And one day it's one thing and actually it's something else. And but of course the problem is that their chronic succession mistakes, they're the ones that put us in a position where we can't do a damn thing anymore. You follow what I'm saying? No, there was we have to pay the price for other people. That's an errors. We got to pay the price for stir and we got to pay the price for for Rau. We got to pay the price for other people who don't know where the draw to line. Think it's like that. Listen if you ask all the order of you saying what is it? If you ask where a list shall send back the dictionary. There you go. Well, Joyce you, Joyce. Probably got a real snotty smelly Joyce anyway. I'm sure. Dean of cost of epidemiologists isn't administrative for public affairs of these face agencies. He said there was no effort to silence Dr. Hanson. That's not the way we operate here at NASA said Mr. Reconstitute promote openness and speak with the facts. Dr. Hanson strongly disagreed with this characterization saying such procedures had already prevented the public from fully grasping recent findings about climate change that point to risks ahead. Communicating to the public seems to be essentially said because public concern is probably the only thing capable of overcoming the special interest that have confiscated the topic. Office gave to the topic when it out, Schmire would out. The old smear and smear routine just covered up in if anybody says anything around supposed to, Schmirem. Anybody remember Paul O'Neill? Who? Remember Richard Clark, any of these people? Paul O'Neill, don't you remember they claimed all while he, he was the classified documents in that book. He said, we made that have to put him in the electric chair. Then all of a sudden we never heard another word from him. Smear and Schmirem. The old swift boat routine again is tense still speaking or what? Because he and his busy show in a crap. Really check it. There you take a few. I'm concerned for what is going to happen to the parents, to their loved ones. That's not whether we're going to go. Maybe he's already starting the old filthy buster. Let's hope. Because I asked the visa smear where you're going to detrace it on going to filthy buster. It's 56 to 34 as if there was any doubt about that. 56 to 34. What? The confirmation vote. Well, I'm not leaving that little in-shot. It leaves just ten shorts. Still short. Yes, I am. Yeah, well that's because all the Republicans are going to vote for and the rest of it is all just window dressing and you're throwing all your freedoms goodbye. Bye bye Neil Rogers. This is 56 to 26. Once you've landed that rich user, it's not all fun games and trips to the jewelry store. If you don't keep in shape and are able to please the you know what. He'll trade you in for a younger thinner model. Have you been putting that a little weight hunting? Do you what I mean? Don't let this happen to you. Get your subscription to trophy wife magazine today. Each month trophy wife has tips on weight management through selective digestion more commonly known as bulimia. In most cases, the ground children of your silver fox are not too pleased with daddy sharing his heart and fortune with the new miss it. Hey, I'm Brad. You look great in the pool today. I found this article on learning to click dive and Mexico and you'd be great at it. Thanks. trophy wife magazine has all the tips on how to encourage the offspring of your Mr. Wright to pursue sports that can result in a horrific accident. You know what I mean? From enduring those long sessions in the bedroom after he's gotten the shipment of biagra to where you'll find your next Mr. Money bags. It's all here in trophy wife magazine on new stands now. 1046 at 5.6. The I started to give you an residual. Of course, I stopped both for the most lot of two mad dog and hooters around 4 to 6.30. It's 6.30. It's panther's PB and in Geldian Silly I shred the arrande. Bring the panters any trotter make believes. Lisa lost eight straight games and are going for number nine tonight. I'll have Brian McCabe's back will help know. Panters at least in seven or clock tonight. Talk about the eddy k-show. We don't have Dan LaBazard. We don't have Greg Cotes. And we don't have no stewgots. But we're doing the best we can. Speaking of that story, they just got down about the guy that they are musling. Shut up. The threat posed by climate change may be greater than previously thought in global warming is advancing an unsustainable rate. Oh my god. I report by scientists to publish today says this just hot might so hot it's burning my fingers. As a matter of fact, let's how about that to run away the report. It's captivating radio. Let's take a look and see what the temperature is here. It's going to be 45. 46 this afternoon. It's already a 43 and going to be 46. Kind of hazy and blazy and not too bad. It's only the 30th of January. What is it? But there's no snow in its 46. But don't they? No no such thing as global warming. The UK government commission report co-co-lates evidence presented at a meteorological office conference on climate change last year. It says scientists now have greater clarity and reduced uncertainty about the impacts of climate change. It is now planned that the emission of greenhouse gases associated with industrialization economic growth and world population is a great 6-fold in 12 years. It's causing global warming and a rate that is unsustainable. Let me say again it is unsustainable. Over the next century global warming is expected to raise ocean levels intensifies storms spread disease to new areas and ship climate zones possibly making farm lands dry and deserts wetter. How do you like that? Give me like going swimming in the middle of the desert in Vegas. Lots about time. Yeah, there you go. I think it's time for a mass suicide. Get the cool A. J.V. So you find out who gave my email address to Fath Boyet or I will kill that person. I was as soon as I find out who it was. I will come there personally and I'll murder and by my Greg Co-text also handclubs the message before I left for Detroit. That's why we had no cross over to hit a bailout real quick for Detroit and probably to have the producers too. That's why we didn't get the good on the air. Must have been it. And that is a Greg Co-text has seen anywhere near the QM building. He will have both of his legs broken and maybe if we were in a really bad mood on that day, he will be shot. How do you like that? Well, not that we're like train bush boss or anything like that, but we just a little teal with his BS. You're not fooling anybody, Greg. Boats on your blood, yeah. You are a blog. You're a blog on a human race. Next come in today briefly to go right European Union or fist-of-potes a Danish newspaper publication of cartoons deemed insulting Wislobs prophet Muhammad. The latest in a wave of violent administrations of the caricatures across the Islamic world. The gunman demanded an apology from Denmark in Norway and said citizens of the two countries have been prevented from entering the Gaza Strip. Well, who now wants to go to the Gaza Strip anyway? You want to go there? Oh, no thank you. George, you want to go to Gaza Strip, do you want it? How do you do have some of those velly dancers though, yeah? Today we're calling on the citizens of the two countries to take this directly because our cells are many who implement this all over Gaza, one militant said, or say, we would say here, Gaza. You ever drive a Mazda? Yeah. The 12 drawings published in September by the Danish newspaper or whatever this is and we published an Norwegian paper this month include an image of the prophet wearing a turban shaped as a bomb with a burning fuse. How do you like that? When a bomb agrande, Islamic tradition bars any depiction of the prophet, even respectful ones out of concern that says images could lead to idolatry. The cartoons have touched off protests, flagged burnings and boycotts of Danish products throughout the Muslim world, although you like an ice-dane is early in the morning. On Sunday Palestinian protesters burned Danish flags into West Bank towns and also you damn Danish. I mean, I'm going to tell you, when you start getting pissed off of the Dane, you really need some serious help. Crazy people is what we're talking about. All this religious garbage man, the Orthodox Jews they're crazy. The Muslims are all the phonetic they're crazy. The Graham, the most of them are crazy. All the religious man, the God squad. And they're all nuts. Mormons, the Hobos, witnesses, the Scientologist. Oh, I can start it there. By the way, you're fairie. Speaking of that, good leaving. Look at that, look at that. Look at that. He's not from the panther. He's not from the panther. And this procedure is absolutely wrong. The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, you see that. No. You didn't see the guy with a smart eye. They look like somebody's. He's like, I said, oh, my God, that was the best. I have never seen anything like that in my life. A schmatha hit, but I was, I had to do one of Saddam's buddies. Snacky dresses. A journey says more victims of priest will surface to them. And we had to priest story. Father, do I? Uh-huh. On a Friday, well, here's a little follow up to it. From the mommy, here, of the worst newspaper in history. A lawyer who represents a man allegedly, sexually abused by Catholic priest as additional victims will step forward next month. Father, Neil, do I already with something into his victim's drinks to make them sleepy? I like that old Jesus do, so he may be that's where Michael Jackson learned about that, from Father, Neil. That, that when they were unconscious, the Catholic priest would assault them according to documentary released on Friday. The arts dice he said, my, me was aware of the priest's history, but instead of removing him, it moved him around, all of those that old, again, that old like chessboard deal. To different parishes or Catholic agencies, according to attorney Jeffrey Herman, who filed a 25 million dollar lawsuit, and we have a market man preparing lawsuits for other victims, who he says were also victims of the revenue authority. Herman represents five men who claim goreting arrested them while he was a priest. The already 62, now retired was denied vone Friday, a day after BSO deputies charged him with two kinds of sexual battery on a child, two kinds of indecent assault and one kind of liberal, a serious molestation who remained in the Brown County, GLA Friday. The charges stem from a BSO investigation were detectives gone for victim, a three boys and one adult male, who all told similar stories about their assholes. At the press conference on Friday, Herman distributed documents from 79 to 92 that he says he just the artstice he's new about the abuse, but they had enough in a boat it. The artstice he's now to the practicalizations against the already surfaced in 2003 and remember ended by the BSO in which a sex crimes prosecutor disclosed a 94 settlement with a student had been enrolled in Shamanata High School in Hollywood decades earlier, in that case resulted in a $50,000 settlement. I can't speak for a lot of the citizens were made said artstice he's folks were in an enchille, Mary Ross Augusta. Dori had certain soft lord of perishes for three decades, he's the first Catholic priest in the artstice he's to be charged with sexual battery on a child under the age of 12. The artstice he's who would respond to the civil suits one there, if I once they're filed, the shul said. The artstice he's through his armitis of the sub-adestated attorneys, so they're going to be like really hitting the up when you go to church this weekend. If I didn't ask when they count up real soon, I reckon. What do these answer when he is? Is this one today? I'll have to look it up. I think it might be this one's day, ask when he's reminded the wrong month is in March one. I see the February one, I don't know the lousy Catholic. Well you better get what it learned you're asked when's the semester? That's where everybody gets some action on Ask Wednesday. Four males say they were abused by a dori have come forward since the Catholic Church of 60, we've scanned the rough and bossed in 2002. Well that's just a repeat of fright. Anyway, there's going to be more sister fry so to speak. So get that damn fish off the back of your car. I thought that the fish would talk to Catholicly and then come to find out the born of your Christians use that fish as a simple amount of car. What's that all about? It's a Christian thing. Catholic. We're just all Christians. All going and it's just a gracious thing. I wish you had seen this guy on CNN before you would have peed in your pants. You would just laughed your answer. It was like a comedy routine. Like this silly looking guy would as big a smoth on and didn't fit right. He looked uh it was like a I don't know. I was monitoring daddy. Oh what's he got to say? Is he still talking? No, I changed to CNN. Wait, he was still going to hear he is. He's trying to do what's right play by the rules. It takes some time. They have to understand how this nominee is going to affect their life and their well-being in terms of. And by the way, Ash Wednesday is much best. Oh my gosh, you know it was the first to something. So you still there's a big pre-forum. Okay, you're not getting no ashes until the next uh people don't still really do that. Okay, put the ashes in. They really do what kind of people do that crazy people exactly. I see. And what is that supposed to symbolize the ashes on your forehead that they're better than you? Well, I that's a given in it. I mean, everyone have all the bees all in shock. I mean, I got to go. I got a bunch of ear all of it. That's what it all means. I got snappy or head-gird mega. Don't you remember all those y'all because I used to wear an unwanny abortion? I got about I did take the one with the propeller though. Oh man. I got some snappy head gear baby. No question. Army doing best to get gay torn allegations. Oh boy, I got such a pile of gay man. It's a good thing because we don't have a pool. They can anything too. So all we got is a guy that's got a cat who likes to show. WQAM, hello. Let's see if we can beat the first one but I doubt it. QAM. Oh, I got some luck. It's for my uh, uh, 15, 15, 15, and 4, 25, 10 per place. That was good one it. Lovely. What was that? It could actually have been a wrong number but I didn't know that's what I'm thinking. But even it reset, that's why I dumped it. Yeah. Well, we had a lady call on Friday was a wrong number but you let's just start, you know. And then you try to like make nice to them and then maybe you make start a conversation and you actually turn into a real call. WQAM, hello. QAM. I like you can't call for your heartess. And then you're playing? I like you. I like you. I'm playing often there, Rodgers. Okay, nice one. This is Neil Rodgers. This is 5.62. This is the Neil Rodgers show. This is your play. Any questions? And all of the jumbled. No creature is as curious as Jordan. What do you think of me? If there's a lamp, he's up for him. If there's trouble, don't he's behind it. Those weapons are mass destruction gotta be somewhere on. If there's a chance for adventure, we do not condone culture. He's into it. I have never ordered torture. This February, get ready for some serious monkey business. I'm assuming that people say to me well he's just breaking the law. If I want to break the law, why was that brief in Congress? curious, sure. I haven't seen it. I haven't seen the movie. I heard about it. It's 11 o'clock man. A real moron if there ever was one in its scary. Because, you know, you're ordinary pedestrian moron. It's that dangerous, but this is a dangerous, a dangerous moron. But why don't you like that? IED. Oh yeah. Amazing how they come up with it. I'd like to ask. Yeah. I don't like WMD. There you go. We couldn't find no WMDs, but we get a lot of IEDs and at least what's the name of them? There's one there. 44. Look at that. It's a nice number on that pool. Who's the biggest A hole in South Florida? South Florida, print media. Dan Labassin 314. And Greg Coatx has got 100 and not 30 minutes. Not even close. Almost triple. He's got your number, Greg. He's got to beat hands down your pants. Army officials are investigating allegations. That members of the celebrated 82nd Airborne Division appear on a gate for choreography website. He's folks from the city. Speaking of hands down your pants. Authorities have for Greg have begun an inquiry to whether the Pertru Presections violated the military conduct code. Division's spokeswoman made your army Amy. Amy Hannah. They're trying to say how many Pertru preserved involved right identified they're unit within the division. A defense official speaking of course on condition of anonymity set up to seven soldiers are involved. Hannah said soldiers questioned will be allowed to seek legal assistance but she declined to say if any of them charged. Once the investigation is applied to the child chain of command will take a proper action she said. The website includes it a swim. We're asking users to agree that they're not agents of the US government. Martha Rudd and Army spokeswoman depending on said soldiers accused of homosexual activity might be removed from their unit although she did not have a specific information about the investigation of the 80 second. When asked if the soldiers involved have been moved out of Burrishy to cloud a comment. We are concerned about the privacy and rights of each trooper involved in that they're treated with dignity and respect and a set before we throw their ass up. Faggot's. Made your Todd Vicki in a defensive department's folks in Washington said the military don't ask don't tell policy states that homosexual orientation alone is not a bar to service but that conduct is compatible of military service. We define homosexual conduct as homosexual acts or verbal or non-verbal communication that a member is homosexual. I see. They appear on a gay, pornography website. Of course it all depends on what they're doing. What's non-verbal communication depends on the rights of our sergeants or private. So if you walk really switching with the human rights of our lay-ups. If you walk through the right side of the military, you have to go through the right side of the military. It's bad for morale. Speaking of bad for morale and all that case. The Fag a screen actor is guilty of that. Another. What? That's a bit confusing. The film actor is guilty of that. Right. The Fag award. With his good and crash when top sag honors. Oh so many awards shows in so little time. You got the people's choice award and the screen actor is guilty of the award and the golden delobs and the big oozing delobs and then you got the Peter Paul and Mounds and Mary and then you got the Oscars. Oh geez. Oh no. What? I'm going to jump out the window right now. Goast to show you man. You can't complain about the taste of the people who make these choices because their taste is in their touch. Kind of like Joyce. Reese with his spoon is a singer and June Carter and I walk the line and Phillipsy more hopping his author Truman Capote and Capote. When we're acting awards yesterday from the Screen Actors Guild sag while the ensemble drama crash pulled off an episode when over Bearback Mountain for the overall cash award. When you hear who got supporting acting honors you're going to like plots. All right. Let me spread myself in. I'm going to be the second one first. Paul's your body of the boxing drama Cinderella man and Rachel Weiss of the murder thriller the constant gardener. Morely worst pieces of swill trash garbage I have ever wasted two hours of my life on just swill. It's not thrilling. It's not suspenseful. It's not as it's as bland as tapping a command boring. It's not you want to go into a coma man get the constant gardener. George walks both of the movies that I sent to many of you are both great. Two thumbs up. Right up and see that. Two thumbs up here. Back to. Matter of fact don't bring primal fear for Josh. I think he might like that. What is it supposed to be of a scene? Oh, like I said never run. And by the way I saw a great move over the weekend I saw Donnie D'Arco. I got to see that. Everything is phenomenal. No, it's not phenomenal to the ending. I've been seeing it a long 10 by the two years ago. I got a good one in a four minute. Don't like it. That's a kill him haul. He's from a Bearback Mountain. He didn't like that movie. He's going to ruin it. Let me say it again. I love I liked it but the ending was two I don't know. What was the big deal the ending? Two predictable. I'm going to leave the room. Why? Because you got killed in the end. I want to watch it. Don't ruin it for George. He dies in the end. Well everybody dies. I didn't say when you said at the end. At the end of the movie. It's a very good movie. I agree with that. I think it's excellent. But then the ending is just like two predictable. I mean like couldn't something have happened. And if he's going to die how can he go, uh, new rule around there with us is man. I don't want to go to the door. Okay. What? It's a great movie. I don't care what you say. I can't hear you. No, Donnie Darko is not a great movie. It's a great one. My opinion. It's a great one. That's your idea of a great movie. Let me let me do IMDB. Don't go by those stars. Those are super views. Don't go by those stars. Well let's see the only reason I watched City of God is because it had 8.8 stars. Like I said, see what it says there. No search results. Come on. Get out of here. No search on my ass. Start with a K. No, I'm not looking at that. This is pathetic. Oh no. Here's one about Johnny Darko. Johnny Darko. Yeah, Johnny Darko. Sorry for this, but it's more than here like we had a 10 o'clock. Are you not in other words, you don't care about what the 8 million people viewers out there have been. Sure. One not just as a point of curiosity. Okay, here we go. All I see this Alexa thing must be screwed up now or something. Let me get back on my fire Fox. Sorry. Okay, I'll let's check that. Anyway, racial-wise, the murder is thriller, the constant gardener. Oh. And that was your name, June Carter, and the least played by Reese with his phone. Oh my God, y'all sometimes I can't just take the feeling I'm just a little bit of a tendency to be a star. I started during her sauce long stormy courtship with country legend Johnny. Cash. Hello. Eight point three out of five. Mr. Reggie. Mr. Egg. What is it? 8.3 out of five. On that span. Tony, it's great. I talked about that before I said it's an excellent movie. I just don't like the ending. The ending is a let down of me. It should have been a lot of other things happen, but they didn't. But you're right. It's very good. Anyway, I want to say my biggest inspiration for this movie. Obviously it was June Carter. She was an incredible woman said Reese with his phone. I went to high school with a kid named Bob with his phone, but I sure liked him. Hop and consider the favor to the best actor Oscar's compote him in the author's struggle to research and write the true crime novel and cold blood, and gushing thanks for his compote co-stars. Bearback mountain has been considered the best picture for outrunner at the Oscar's gay. Whose nominations come out tomorrow. All goody, goody. With the worst presented March five, it's lost a crash could prove a speed bump on the film's path toward becoming the first explicitly gay thing movie to win the best picture award of the Oscars, but it's something that earlier Hollywood honors sort of likely continue to be considered to be the favor right, even though it got shut out of the fact of sight. I don't like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You might think you're called or two in here today, and not too many though. I got a big bunch of stuff. Good, based on the first three that we had let's see, we had a wrong number. We had to go as cat likes to show them we had the guy want to make a and write himself to make a bad crank call. WQAM, hello. QAM. Yeah. Yeah. What about very jackass? See what I mean? Oh, we're not taking any more nominations for the pool. That's a little idea of the pool. There are no more names for it. That's the pool. See, I know you're a little bit slower, maybe a little stupid, but that's the pool. There are no more names needed on there. See, that's the whole concept of it. The whole idea. They'll get it. No, they of course they don't get it. It's way over their head. Well, we've got taxes too, and you notice how many of those are the pool. That's just for the pool? Yeah. There are no more now. Let me say the beginning. Those are the only two names. It's a message pool. There's a point to it. It's our cascading. It's a classic. It's idiotic. Just like Greg Co. Texan, that's a thing that they heard that we talked about. I didn't know him last week. So who gave a fapo in my email address? I don't know. Well, and now it's just like that's that's your assignment this week. Like anybody's going to actually. Yeah. I'm going to tell you, I will I will get Luca Brassia on the phone. I'll get his ass down there, and I'll have them shot right on the spot. We can do it on the ear promoter for a week at a time. I know how we can find out. Yeah. But that boy himself and a cage and refused to feed him after who now's got a cage that size? Well, we could find one. Call him for on McGee. I will. And then after like what do you think? 10 15 minutes till confess. Yeah. There you go. Put some bus at candy bars outside the cage. Can we am? Hello. Hey, Neil. We're just taking the ear. I heard you try to hear it. I can't believe that Joyce is now in charge of everything over there. She has been and she continues to be. We have a new general manager now, but unfortunately she has reduced him the way paper tigers. Oh, Max, I thought that was the new regime. You might have some of your parts. Yeah. We did for about five minutes and that's not it. Yeah. I was sure I heard one sneak in. Oh, man. I'm not a zombie like that. But I'm back up there. Yeah. Well, good. Just practice makes perfect. When it doubts you to few out. 5 670 5 60. Pond 5 6. And the Verizon and sing it a wireless line. Joyce is see the beastly. Now they think they know something about radio. So they're to once called all the shots. They're the ones that put stern on the ear and damn your lost their license. They're the ones who just continue thinking they're pretending they know something. There are ones that had all those idiotic contracts written up about we won't say this. We want to that are going to be fired immediately and everybody's going to sign these which of course nobody signed them. There are the ones who continue making our lives a living hell while it could be paradise, you know, even most of it could be paradise and it's not because of Joyce. But she's your got a great background in radio. What's the pot of time she owned one? I don't know. WQA M. Hello. WQA M. Hello. Do you want to do this in Teneo? Yes sir. Power of nightmares. I want you to all three episodes of this weekend. Yeah. Is the change in the show in the U.S. It's a really good man. What do you think this is by accident that they didn't show it in the U.S. A and I is a perfect man. Yeah. I want to show the truth. There you go. Is that difficult to find? Oh, you got to go to Google search. Just Google a man. This guy. Yeah. Google first. Power of nightmares. Man, you know, you're a link so dead. Yeah. My links to them did for a long time. But just Google it and the exact thing. Exactly. All we're happening. I don't know. Thinking I got cut off something to do. Problem on it. So after 11 and five, 60 WQA M. Joyce, all Joyce radio where our message is, go Joyce yourself. I think we're just going to start using her name for it to replace any other word. Okay. Like Joyce, like every other word. Joyce, Joyce, bag, right? Joyce, Joyce, Joyce. Right. And that's what that nasty sound that occasionally comes from here. Back home, a smelly Joyce. And of course, there's also the old egg Joyce, which you could drop in the oven. Oh, that cabbage Joyce is. Oh, God. That's my choice. Is the cabbage Joyce. 12 minutes after 11 at five, 60 WQA M. Drive concepts is the best corporate cleaning company in the universe. I've been using Prover 20 years and I believe in them like crazy because they always do a fabulous job. They never let you down. And during this month January, Drive concepts encourages everybody to take advantage of their outstanding maintenance but you only got to the end of part of take advantage of this. Drive concepts maintenance contract, roughly you savings and real peace of mind and during a January, you can say 50 percent off their regular prices by signing up for their maintenance contract. And you'll also enjoy the benefit of knowing that Drive concepts will always be there whenever you need them. Drive concepts is dedicated to the clean carpet approaches, supposedly common clean, dirty carpet approach. Don't get fooled by those specials, those scans, those 1995 affony deals, the leave your carpet soaked for days on end, without even really treating the problems. You made a big investment in your carpeting your poster, your drapery, all of these are things. Select Drive concepts protect that investment for you. The professional staff fully certified service and standard absolutely unmatched anywhere. So take the worry out of having your home sanitized all your long withdraw concepts maintenance program. Calm today and date route in the palm beaches toll free. 1-800-248-5-071 be sure to tell me that Troy is Bradford, totally the call. I'll say good ad. 1-800-248-5-071 around the wicked web, Drive Concepts.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8-8-8. The last. From the producers of ABC's sci-fi thriller innovation comes a show about even scary or more diabolical terrain that Governor has denied the existence of years, but there are one of us in your town, either in your own or just waiting for you. It's up there to help the fall. George Bush stars as the listener in invasion of private. You know, this is going to mars up our squad. This means our question and our problem with your program service please. Yes, you like a Peter just crash and I don't know. Is someone else there on the line? No, what? Who is this? Dorian or Steve? It's just me, you're president. Go ahead, don't mind me. Mr. President, what's going on? And how do you know my name? Oh, I know a lot about you. I like your nickname, his Bubba, and your order pizza, every Friday night. Let's see here. Looks like he missed a few payments on that student loan there, Bob. I can't believe this. You can't do this. Thank you, I'm there, Bob. Oh, I have loads of people and writers in the nation. Watch it there, Hodgi, but tail of New Delhi. But this is more convenient, private guard. A private, overseas call there, Budobox. I am not a bonus, but I am Hindu. I don't care if you're Shamo, don't mess with Texas on because I got a predator grown. Circulent 3851, Calcutta, Cork, right now. So watch it, buddy. I'm the president of the United States. And I have great strength. They go to civil rights station on ABC. 90 Darko's got 8 points. We had a 10 stars and IMDB. I don't like that. It's great. I'll see. I know I already did say it was great. I told you about it before. It's an excellent movie. The only is the disappointing. That's what it's your opinion. Even the in other words, you may have not been in mind the ending. I don't know. The fact that he died in the end, that is. I'm not Jesus. What? Come down. Watch it. I already told him that. Did he die in the end? I just smoked it out of my head. You're bringing it back in there. Oh, I'm sorry. I was Jake Hill and all. And the reason I judge was because he was so smitten with his performance in Bearback Mountain. That he just Googled. He went on to search for all Jake Hill and all his movies. He didn't probably got Gremlin. That was my exact product. He wasn't in Gremlin, that was Zach Gallagher in or whatever. Yeah, it looks like him. Little bit. And now why you watch the Jake Hill and all that? That's easier. It's a fine film. It's very good. I would say it's glad I don't know. Different different genre than city of God. Yeah, a little bit. I kind of like city of I would say it's almost as crazy as it's a record for a dream. I would say. Without the drugs. Yeah. That's the way to sum it up. It's written out. You see this on cable or you go out and buy it. No, I saw it on cable. Like two o'clock in the morning. Because I was thinking if you went out and bought it, you could just give you a burnt copy. I'm going to do it. I'm actually going to use the George and then he can watch it. I will find out. Well, Donnie dies in the end and that's a recurring dream. All right. That's great. Yeah, he will. Well, he's even really finally comes true and then he dies. You know, I beg your pardon. I said, let me say everybody always dies in the end. Don't say in the end of the movies. They die. I like that you two more uplifting movies there because in both the proud of the poor. Pramalfir, he didn't die in the end. I'll probably should have. Right. And was the other one imagine ever here or is nobody died? In fact, he all kind of like walked home with the arms around each other and the guy that died right there at the beginning. Oh, that was the world of brother. Yeah, but that's you know, that's not spotting in the movie because you see that again. Because the same is brother. There is brother was really reaching out to him for like a little bit of help and I don't write so, you know. You shouldn't be like more from you at the dinner table stuff like that. Just do it. Go ahead, blow your brains out. You're a side man. Although quite frankly, I thought the brother looked a little bit or he did, but that what am I know about stuff like that. It sounds kind of. Yeah, to me. Yeah, a little bit. 567, let's see. Oh, yeah. Here's the story. And I wonder I was talking about that full of out of American being so dumb. Because here it is. Tall Craig Robertson counter puns says, yeah, something most American, do you know that 10% of America can't read? Okay, Hannah would read. How would it thought it was higher than that actually, but 10% 30 million or at least. Now they're just, you know, let's say a little ball figure. Not that matters the ones that can't read don't read anything anymore. And of course the ones that can't read, they have somebody dial the phone for them and they call us. Do you want to see? How many QAM hello? Yeah, who's your weapon boy now? Who's your weapon? Somebody QAM hello. Hey Neil. Hey, I also remember reading that. You know, last week I was not going to couple of four sounds. Yeah. Good does he consider it one speaks, meaks? Yeah. That's all I got. Yeah. How many QAM hello? Hey Neil. Yes, sir. The first power David, but you mean, oh, no, no, no problem. Two recent polls in LA times Bloomberg polling in New York times CBS. See, when we do these polls in their clothes and they have nothing to add. Man, we just, it's like taking away their lunch. It is. Like sending your little kid to lunch with his lunch pay or his brown paper bag like a very jackass thanks to work and take it away to lunch. You open up your lunch pay, I'll enter ain't nothing. Oh geez, when we get it to you. You'll see, here's Josh's favorite line. WQAM. Hello. Wisp for a line. Not that to, they're too stupid even turn it right your down. Two recent polls in LA times full in New York times CBS poll indicate why Bush is getting away with impeachable offenses. Half the West population is incapable of acquiring processing and understanding information. And it's not what we're looking for is in the formation. Yes, sir. Mr. whatever number six. Most of the problem is the media itself or services this information agency for the Bush administration. Fox news and right wing talk radio are the worst, but we're probably investing out less sitting the standard for truth and patriotism. All of the media is affected to some degree, which to which we say absolutely. Despite the media's failure, about half the population is man said to certain that the US invasion of Iraq is not made them safer and that the Bush administration's assault on civil liberties is not an necessary component of the war on terror. The problem that's lies with the absence of due diligence on the part of the other half of the population. They had been due their due diligence. I did a do this for. Consider the New York Times live CBS poll. 64% of the respondents have concerns about losing civil liberties as a result of anti-terrorism put in place by President Bush. Yet 50% of the spying without obtaining court warrants are in order to reduce the threat of terrorism. Why does America any American think that spying without a war does any more affected reducing the threat of terrorism than spying with a war at? A foreign intelligence surveillance act which Bush is disobeying requires the executive to obtain from a secret panel of federal judges a war in for spying out of Americans that purpose that laws to prevent a prison from spying for partisan political reasons, the law permits the prison to spy first for 72 hours and then come to the court for permission after the fact as the court meets in secret spying without a war does no more effective and reducing the threat of terrorism than spying with a warrant. Instead of explaining this basic truth, the media has played along with the Bush administration and formulated the questions that trade off between civil liberties and protection from terrorists. I'm going to tell you right now where the biggest media shows is that Dana Bash, the one that got on CNN that bitch with the real skinny face that looks like a shrunken head. Oh man, I'm not going to bash her that little skinhead in. Looks like an ultra little bit. Yeah, a little bit. Probably doener. Anyway, instead of explaining the basic truth, the media has played along with the Bush administration, formulated the questions that trade off between civil liberties and protection from terrorists. This formulation is false and non-sensical. Why does the media enable the Bush administration to escape accountability for illegal behavior by putting false immislawed introsis before the peoples? The LA Times, the Lumber pro-Lans, equally striking anomalies only 43% today for the Bush's performance as president, but a majority believe Bush's policies have made the US more secure. Safety safety safety safety. It's extraordinary that anyone would think Americans are safer as resolve a Bush invading two Muslim countries and constantly threatening two more with military attack. The invasions and threats have caused a dramatic swing in Muslim sentiment away from the US prior to Bush's invasion of Iraq and large majority of Muslims had a favorable opinion of the American, but not only about 5% do. A number of US commanders in Iraq and many militias for its authority American public that the three-year-old Warren Iraq is serving both to recruit and train terrorists for Al Qaeda, which has grown many times its former size. Moreover, high-ever, the US military's concluded that Al Qaeda has succeeded in having its members elected to the new Iraqi government. We've seen similar developments both in Egypt and Pakistan, and the recent Egyptian elections, the radical Muslim brotherhood, despite being suppressed by the Egyptian government when large number of seats and Pakistan elements from the er neutral to Al Qaeda control about half the government. In Iraq, Bush's invasion has replaced secular Sunis with Islamist Shia allied with Iran. And now with the triumph of Hamas and the Palestinian election, we see the total failure of Bush's Middle East in policy. Bush has succeeded in displacing secular moderates from Middle East environments and replacing the Islamic extremist, it boggles the mind that this disastrous result could make Americans feel safer. What does it say for democracy that half the American population is unable to draw rational conclusion from unambiguous facts? American sure this disability with a Bush administration? According to News reports, the Bush administration is stoned by the election victory of radicalist-domist Hamas party, which swept the US finance, fatath party from office, why is the Bush administration established? Because it's stupidly believes that hundreds of millions of Muslims should be grateful that the US has interfered in their internal affairs for 60 years, setting up colonies and puppet rulers to suppress their aspirations, and which even said purposes of the US government. Americans need desperately to understand that 95% of all Muslim terrorists in the world were created in the past three years by the Bush's invasion of Iraq. Americans need desperately to comprehend that if Bush attacks Iran in Syria as he intends, terrorism will explode and American civil liberties will disappear in a 30-year war. So thank you up to the US, say. The total lack of rationality and competence in the White House and the inability of Hathaway's population to acquire an understanding from Asian Arab farm larger threats to Americans than terrorism. America has become a rogue nation flying blind, got it only by ignorance and humorous, a terrible catastrophe waste, and who do you think would have been at Super Bowl on Sunday? Yes, he's the mean racer. This is by 1628. Alright, this is Xi Gordon-Liddy, and they don't come any worse than new Rogers. What do we better than? You're remaining in a taxi cab. Travis and they are participating. A couple hundred for the DNA. One who once they would do, if she fired up a number two, gravy's going down for him. She should do a man 40 times. I got a go. Oh god, I... She was drinking at the club and it at the doors. Whether we're glad we're from the different people. Oh, she had to train this taxi cab and let's fight, let's fight. Oh, I can't stop. 1131. I was shot at a taxi. I might have been doing a joystick to there. I don't know. A little bit. 505 votes. You're not eating lunch now, are you from Hauy's? No, I would like to have some lunch from somewhere. We just don't know what. Sounded like you had your mouth full. 505 votes. Who is the biggest A-hole in South Florida, Prettomedia? Dan Labash, Jun 159 votes. Great, co-text 146. Yeah, but I don't see any more names being added on their local new one. Oh, man. These calls sure. They're like the court in deliverance. They sure are special, you know? Well, that's not on their right now though. I was thinking they're like taking a whole run of them, you know, like about 100. The rope? I'm not going to just say this while waiting for them calls to build up. How do I want your chocolate about? You'll see. They're going to let you ring off the rope. 567.0560. Pound 560. They've arrived in Singapore. They're doing each break. I can't stop thinking to myself because I'm not keeping them saying it. The reason that it's highly unlikely, then anything significant will change in this operation. This make believe radio station this corporate jungle. The reason that that's highly unlikely is because the liars will continue to lie. The game players continue to play games. The hangers on will continue hanging on by whispering sweet nothings into the right years. And then that's not going to change. I hope I'm wrong, but I just because remember what tremendous enthusiasm and optimism I had there for a few days or all of them. I was all dispelled on Friday. I was snapped back into reality. Okay. I was in the way the hell I am and what it's all about. Here on all-joice radio. Here we go. Look at those phones. These people are all, they've got lots of good decisions for a poll today. How many QAM? Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. No, if you know that today is a Chinese birthday so if you can play any Chinese it. Today's Chinese birthday? That's they said. Yeah, I'll be there. Okay. Not probably. I'm happy birthday Dick. How many QAM? Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, a couple things. I had a patient. 96 sure though. Got her in the old driver's life to send a mail to her. She showed me. She goes on a hat blind. Yeah. Right. And she went to a time and I just go there. We've all driven right to the next her or behind her on the highway too. Yeah, but she's that old crazy too. A couple years ago, was your blood sugar 325? In the middle of the show, yeah, after whatever, for whatever, everything right. Huh? Well, that was after John Jerry sent me that candy bar. Yeah. I've let you hear this morning was 114. Is that real bad? And another thing you're right, this whole nation is like sleepwalking towards like a cliff. And I know it should not come about because people are in denial constantly. I got a friend of my neighbor because he was a chair with the government does. Yeah. Yeah, as long as you know they're going to get the terrorists and I'm thinking my neighbor wouldn't. I was looking at him and I'm thinking you are mind if they threw me and jail or something. Yeah, we do a good job of getting those terrorists to what? How's the sound of doing? How are we in Al or Frank and all the other Al? I'm just wondering if we're doing everything we are right or freedom. But what a lie? Yeah. Okay. So we're going to butcher a lot of our own people and their people too. Yeah. I don't think so they can spend two-thirds of they would know electricity over their two-thirds for slippers. Right, it's kids good of college and they won't go any army. I'd like you to. Good luck you, Palin. Good to all of us. Yang of 14 to stop Democrats attempt to fill up us your leader votes. Good. Now Senator Patrick Lehi, the top Democrat on the judiciary committee this morning revealed that he will be voting to continue this bill. Buster he joined some other prominent Democrats at Hillary Clinton. Harry Reid, who came out Friday and said they would also be supporting the Kennedy Kerry. Phil Buster. But read himself the Democratic leader saying they're not enough votes to keep it going. This is basically the Democrats just going through the motions a symbolic move at this point. Yeah, there you go. That's what Democrats are famous for last December years. Now going through the motions. This is what I election. Oh, let's go through the motions. Okay, and then of course they're going to fix it and they got all the double machine machines in their mind. They got their good machines and then I will just go through the motions and then after that we'll just roll over and play dead like Al Gore and John Kerry lock box. Oh, all miners that rescued from that Canada pot ash miners at Potash. Potash mine. I don't know. Yeah, that's where they're mine and pot. And real strange. There's a most of the sun from the CBC. ours. It's not a little bit. Just about an hour ago. They were. They think about Sun Day morning. And I saw a broke out in the Potash mine that they were working in. The good thing about that was they were. We don't care. We're sick and terribly. They just make this stuff up. You know, they had such a big hit on that first mining story that now I'll make this keep making this stuff up. One of the odds that we don't hear any mine disasters for like years. None of us are like with a matter of days or get all these. They're probably like shove it them down in there. Probably kidnapping bastards off this street and shove it in the coal mine. Shane. Shane. Shane. Shane. Shane. Yeah. Who's saying angrily walks out on new jug. Good old Sodom. He's he tried to kill my dad. Sodom is saying stormed out of the courtroom and his work time crime straw yesterday after a new chief judge had his half brother, fortunately we're from the proceedings by four of us. You have got to see that. Oh, when they keep it on CNN because if they show that footage again, you'll fall off the chair. I'll speak in a fall off the chair so that because he knew yesterday in Niagara Falls. Bad start. And my friend who's not he plays blackjack. But anyways, talking about playing in my scene next to where I was playing. And he puts in 80 bucks. He gets a couple of spins and then he got he got just been for a thousand bucks. Well, he got so excited because because I can hear the audio when I will fortunate thing. It gets about three or four spaces away and goes, ah, like that. Yeah, you know, you're going to hit it. And I said, you got it. And he leaned back into the chair when flying over and he went to the Flime. It was hysterical. It's a name of the evening. Get the 20 grand. He had to be there to see it. It was a visual thing. The trials new chief judge row for our sheet. And of course, if Josh got the thousand bucks on him, we'll he'd probably like to go spastic. He just, yeah. That'll be one two and three in his pants. The trials new chief judge row for our sheet. Abdel Rothmann, Schwartz. We'll have a heavy handed trial established order in the courtroom resulting in the explosive one defendant, bars on Hassan and defense attorney. The explosives prompted other members of the offense team to walk out followed by who's saying and to other defendants. The walkouts prompted a recess and when the trial was in the court of the 46 new defense attorneys. But if he put a boot put about. Just a circus, you know. Kind of like what goes on a QM or read it. It's just a three-wing circus without the amusement. So, if you find out who gave my email address to fatboy in, no, and we're not going to find out until we talk to fatboy, I think. Well, what do you mean so you talked to fatboy? And then look, nobody's going to admit to that. I got news for it. If I had a list of 10 people, if I could make a list of the last 10 people in the world, I wanted to have that email address. He would be right at or near the top of the list. Leave me alone fatboy. Get out of my life. I don't want nothing to do with you or your boyfriend crazy Dave or any of your other, you know, Ojo and Prabhak. See, that's another thing that's going on. They think they're going to make some changes in there. But they got real smithester. Because like I said, the people that play games are continuing to play their games. And Nero is fiddling, you know what I'm saying? I mean, it's one thing that they can have a guy come in who's a good guy. Seems like a really good guy. But the fact that I'm at it was he hasn't got a clue what's been going on there. And it's your job. You're falling down on the job, Mr. You're the one that's supposed to be cool in him and I'm on the history of all this stuff. Who's on first? What's on second? But Abbott Lukaustello. You're the one supposed to be cool in him in. And what are you doing about it? Nothing. Do you have stuff like directing me to get all whipped up into a frenzy about this crap? Yeah. That's another popular rumor about the voting by pissed off about stuff because George tells me in such a way, yeah, right. Right. They would have chance to come and ask my comment about that. Clarence. How come I thought we're getting a new salesman to win here too? I realized it's only a short period of time. But let's go. And then this morning they bring in another new salesperson in there to like to see the studio. My god, how many new salespeople do we have every week there? About 30 minutes. None of them are selling anything but we have. And how about that piece of copy that I switched to Clarence? Did he take care of that? Or was he too busy aggravating me again this morning? Anybody do anything about that? No. That teeny tiny print that looks like a bedtime story. I've never seen anything like that in my life. Troy. See, you can't, you can't, may I notice comes a great surprise. You can't take dog poop and turn it into like, shut up, but you know, you can't do it. You can't take chicken droppings and turn it into like chicken salad. It can't do it. And so the idea that by saying anything or by screaming or hovering or doing anything, it's going to change any of these people not going to happen. Not this week, not a week from circus and they never going to happen. The incompetent will continue to be incompetent. The people don't want to do their job or incapable or both. They're not going to do it. And so there's a lot of people that are talking really good game now, but a bit, but a bit about the idea right. And the one thing is being changed is underwear and the many times a day. Here on Pirate, on Joyce Pirate Radio. And a good name for us, Joyce Pirate Radio. Or just choice radio, all choice radio. I'll draw a solid time and joys you. Don't like it, joys you. Who is the biggest A-hole in South Florida print media? We got 520 votes. See, far lower than what we normally have if we had a whole bunch of choices on there. And they thought, wow, this is really neat. This isn't neat, pull. That's a problem. But the problem is that most of them don't don't get it. Damn, the bastards, huh? And according to the problem is 95% of them don't never hurt either one of these people. Like me, sunny shining, man, it's going to be like 46 we're almost 50 today. It's a 30th of January. What is it? But 30 men. After I'm complaining to you, I'm weird static. 372 votes for Dan Lobaster is the biggest South Florida print media A-hole and 148 for Greg protests. Don't forget to Maristar said, they pull on you in a hero line at Greg Cortex blog. Another one? The finalists. Oh, the best talk show. And I think the way he's got it, NeuroDance. Going to be the best talk show host will be Dan Lobaster or Joe Rose. And the worst will be Hank Goldberg or Orlando Lannos. He's a real Rodgers. This is 560 Tuesdays. So we be alone. There's nothing in his empty home. And now another tale from the cell phone of Deep Cheney. Today, Dick Diles celebrity biographer, Kitty Kelly. Uh, yeah, so hello, Kitty Kelly please. Thank you. I asked him, this is Dick Judy, who I further than United States or America. How are you? Fine. That's good. That's nice. Is this something that can help you with? Yeah, so it's just that a book is coming out of me showing that you're a frankly, we question it's credibility and wondering if maybe you could wait a couple of months before actually putting it out. I'm sorry, my son is breaking it. Um, did you just ask him not to use his current block? I still have to be allowed to. Yeah, after George Bush gets really good for anyone. We won't care then. Why would I want to use that? Hello? Why do you grow a, what's, why are, why are, oh my, it's definitely the terrorist win. Oh, you're messing with the president of the United States coming out. Okay, I'm making that down. We know where you're letting you come to. Okay. That's right. We'll get your little dog, Tony. Joe. Goodbye. What's wrong with you? Hello? This has been another tale from the cell phone of Ditchie. We've found it came out of cheese now. See, everyone, it came out of cheese now. It is wrong. But he's not backing down. So re-grets are common for myself. That's the sin of tears. Must have been hurt for hurting. Don't ask the tiny, without how the fur, the fur, the fur, the fur. And if you do, the less, let it curse, we're the fur, it slipped. And if you're smart, snap, snap, snap. We should know when the ratings are low. Keep it zip, take it. If you know the battle must be near to star's hearts. Start the CPR except the melt Cheese, mouth, is really getting found. They're the prophet and a demon of one house. They're the main people to take on our be-tees. We still this is we don't, when they're dealing with Ditchie and Ditchie and Ditchie and Ditchie and Fum. Okay. So he's a crook and a liar. And to make a million dollars out of everybody's misery. And the grumpy old man. But what's wrong with being a grumpy old man? And making a lot of money. That's what I say. Well, if you're not destroying the American the process, a raw Caribbean cruise employee was arrested in charge with attempting to rape a passenger during a weeklong cruise. What do I keep trying to tell you people do not be good on them cruise ships. You're going to be really sorry, but nevertheless, 10-ray Masito Forbes 34 was arrested Saturday when the legend of the seas docked in the port of Tampa, accordingly, Hillsborough County Sheriff's Orifice. Forbes met the 22 year old pastor in a bar on the ship two day, offered to take around a tour. A police reports said he allegedly pulled a woman into a dark room attempted to rape her. She was able to escape. She wasn't raped. Did it. Forbes was charged with false imprisonment and sexual battery. I was being held without bond. He didn't have an attorney at who could come in. Company officials are waiting on the outcome of the police investigation. Before disciplining for him said, Miami-based, well Caribbean spokesman Michael Xihan. Miami-based, well Caribbean cruise lines. You know, they asked the guy that disappeared over there on the ship. On a sunny moon? Yeah. What about it? Look, and I'm just a whole series of these things. I mean, people go on there and they get raped at it or they get sicker and hell or they like disappear altogether. But, you know, have a good time. And again, like, Miami, you haven't got a Chinatown Chance Infurgator, but nevertheless, and that food, oh, man. Here's a facts from a guy. We're finnled George and asked, does know what this guy's talking about? Oh, maybe he's got a good point. It says the message is actually for George if I recall correctly. That's the opposite part of this facts. A few months back in color called George to recommend him Dani Darko. And he just totally blew the color off by saying it was a pseudo movie. He made an opinion without actually even watching the movie. Now he's all interested in watching it. I like George and he agreed with most of the stuff. He says, but I think he should put his foot in his mouth on this one. He sounds like a total hypocrite. Anyway, much more to all you guys. I love the shows as Sam. In other words, I love you guys, but you made a mistake. I think this is for my frozen tall. You made a mistake. I've only ever heard good things about the movie. Thus, my retort there on the facts. Yeah. Oh, yeah. George wrote on here. Sam doesn't recall correctly. He did not happen. I don't make opinions about movies. I haven't seen the less of course Colin Ferrell or Robert Donnie Jr. in it. So, clean your ears out, Sam. Here are the Waxy buildup. Please come and listen to Dan Lazzaster. He's the one in the afternoon. Listen to Danny Boyne, getting that bad Waxy buildup. Get the Wax out, baby. Get some of them cute tips. And while you're at it, stick one in your back, don't you? Can't hear it. Yeah, yeah, can't hear it if you do it wrong. And go join yourself. Speaking of dictating, it's a good time, a good, good lucky segue here. Because I just have it to be next to my big fat pile. Nothing like having a big fat pile, you know what? Well, 2005 was the best year in Haliburton's history. Let's share it for dictating somebody's and Haliburton man who will make it billions off of your people dying and suffering. And swinging out those crap meals that they're served a feed in the servicemen. Oilfield services can glamour at Haliburton company. Last year they said 2005 was the company's best year in its 86 year history. A year anchored by a profitable fourth quarter of strong sales and increased rig activity sounds like the American elections. The income reversed a loss from your earlier quarterly profit rose to $1.1 billion or $2.8 cent of share including one-time tax gain of $540 a million or $2 a share. The results widely be Wall Street's projections by the beef that have moved but above Haliburton now certainly is after the market closed. I highly like that. Haliburton making a record profits. The oil companies making a record profits. Thank you Mr. President for those little gas prices in 1968. I like to say if if Iran gets peoed because I have a hundred dollar oil of barrel oil. How about that goes? Right? Oh yeah. So how about five bucks a gallon? If 350 cents good how about five bucks? How about ten bucks? How about about 30 million bucks a gallon sounds like a nice round number? Just to keep those damn fat Saudis fat and satisfied with their expensive wine and their big fancy a stoveyze. You know what they can do with that stoveyze? Don't say right though. Yeah. Fanned our bush my ass. Well what a joke. What a disgrace. And the media they present this like all the king puts him on. Can you put anybody on it for kisses as and snap this suspended when his bag a little bit. God. Can you imagine his tongue must be just oh my brother. Calices. Exxerated. Fear of orphans is not the level of the sea is coming on here because it's just oh maybe I've seen from too much liquey liquey liquey lary you idiot. Uh-huh. Do they creepy crawlies on there? No my goodness. Cindy she insurance to run against Diane Feinstein. Caracas Venezuela. See and now of course you know certain elements are going to be saying how many staff how many staff you know the elements are going to be. I think you're really going to disobey them. Caracas. What a horrible place by the way. Do not go down. Whatever happened to our buddy little Joey. I don't know what he's doing to show a Gilbert's house now any must be. Why don't you all play him on me? Yeah, but you want to put me on me. I'm going to play that clap on me. Yeah, I'm going to pull that clap on me. I'm going to go to I'm going to go to a web weed. According to a press release issued fries Cindy she is decided to run against California Senator Diane Feinstein. If Feinstein does not feel a buster Steve Samolito nomination. Well, let's take a look. What's that thing with Phoenix they're showing? And that breaks the all time what I would all time whether already a 72 degrees in Phoenix what we do global warming. Okay. Sun it looks like the middle of spring here right now. There's sunny shine here. There's not a cloud in the sky and the temperature is 45 already. There's 1046 but it's not even noon yet. Probably going to be 50 today. How do you like that? No snow. No winter time to which I say probably dead anyway by the time that all the you know everything is under water. God's who will unleash another great flood. Yeah, we'll have some getchies around it. It can write about how God unleashed another flood on mankind. According to a press release I just got through with that. She and maybe an husband from Venezuela where she's attending the world social forum. In fact there's a picture around here about her shick and hands with the Euro Chavez. It looks like the picture around South African hands with Sodom. She and his quoted who said I'm a Paul the Dine fine Stein wouldn't recognize how dangerous a leader is nominations to upholding the values of our constitution and restricting the usurpation of presidential powers for which I already paid the ultimate price. Wasn't that what Perus Holt was doing in that car usurpian? She and became well known crowd but it would be about actually we turns today to the US or we're traveling to Washington DC tomorrow to participate in an alternative city of New York. You know what? You know what? I mean, I think it's a good idea to stay the Union event. Protests. You go Cindy. You can take any of your wooden nickels man. Just keep banging away. Just like in Fahrenheit 9 11. I first had Michigan mother with that military mother and everybody in the family was in the military. Remember she was sober and so against the protesters they made her say and then all of a sudden what kind of find out her son got killed over there in a wreck for no reason at all. Now all of a sudden I got a little bit too late for her son that they were so proud to send over there to be butcher for no good reason at all. This surely had on any last night to our special on the world trade center on the night level of tax. Yeah. And even though like I said I didn't learn anything new but just to watch it and it gets you so pissed off and so angry and then you realize that we've spent these trillions of dollars in between and the last of what is it that's three and a half years now. Yeah. Is it four and a half years? Well whatever the hell it is too long. And in the meantime can we got any of these? Oh yeah. I mean wouldn't you be all this crap about where we'd be pissed off and it was worse standing up in the rubble with the firemen and they had the flag and they're gonna know who we are and my big fubbly and they're gonna end up in there. And we haven't got any of them. And we got any of them. They're all gonna laugh at you. Yeah. And in the meantime what we did is set them up a nice camp there in a racks that they can like to recruit from all over the Middle East and they got like that article I read and said it's in here was now. Sure. We're trying to get a lot of training ground for them. We're doing what they said we did. Yeah. Carton the Carlisle foundation my ass man. The bushes in the bin Laden is the two most evil. Those are the evil doers right there. Forget about iron and iron rack and even North Korea. Forget about all the set of crap in Syria and that's said and Hamas and Hamas. The bushes and the bin Laden is those are the real evil doers. 552 votes. We haven't even got a chance of a thousand of it and you know something ought to be automatic because they don't have to think a lot about just click one of them right right. Just give it a click man. This is evil Rogers. This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on QA-M. Oh You put the cute children eating new killin. Bar enough paradise in life. There is about hurricane that blows of much easier. When a storm threat, we can count on food at 35 power off long before it gets here. Leaving the rest of us to marble at the blue floor exploding transporters. Providing us as historical perspective of 1957's technology. And in the moist heat of tropical darkness, the weakening calories in our radios broadcast your latest risk release for self-floredure. It says your trucks and crews are ready to rule from the Alabama State border and the question in every wedge mine is, oh so as we search for the appropriate answers to how many of the Oliver disease groups that have changed the light bulb. But paradise in life, this birds for you. I'm sure I asked your usual answer. I'm so sorry. I apologize to myself for pretty missing out. I printed it out first and the type on thing was so small where there was even smaller than a piece of copy that the truck came up with and that the agency gave us that you need a magnifying glass to read it. Of course it's from the Harold, so what do you express? I had to like print it again. F. P. N. L. Power strategy has consumers wary it's a are you wary? Yeah, but what do you can do about it? Just like the use of saying the Christopher's man, if everybody would like just one little candle, what a difference it would make. We like one of the bathroom every now and again. New year, incense? I am incense. Just the Carolina whole bunch of men are covered up at aroma. Put it into the home because a lot of people are joyous in in there. Here are three small facts about your power company that most customers haven't even thought about. One, Florida Power Light has an answer to increase in its basic rates in 85. Two, it still enjoys a healthy, private 20% higher than what most electric companies are allowed according to one major study. M3, one of those trace. It manages this bouncing act primarily because by keeping costs down, its operations that maintenance costs are 42% below the industry average its website boasts. Low prices in low cost generally make consumers happy, but, but now after five major hurricanes that fails operating or in a 15 month stretch, leaving many in the dark for days or weeks, customers are afraid of one if there's something wrong with this picture. What's wrong with this picture, baby? They're one of these smartest operating joodies in the country said Bob Williamson, a mommy sure's been as many as homeless dark 18 days after Wilma. They help their stock price, their shareholders are happy. Their executives are well compensated. I don't play MfP now. I blame the public service commission for not regulating this monopoly. He says the people who get nailed by their customers and he is absolutely so wicked. Let's just lay there's mayors, consumer advocates and many angry customers are all taking a new look at South Florida's 80 year old power company. They want to know how it's been performing especially whether it's been squimping, seeing, scraping, whether it's been simply on maintenance causing unnecessary outages after storms hit. You tell these executives say that they've done a good job. They point to a study, but they beat the to move for Bob. Some veteran FPL workers dispute how well the system fit maintained. Big gang young. A frog, a lineman who retired in Broward, last year after 38 years of service for Florida Plunder, with looses, FPL once had regular programs that were placed were not equipped with that in the early 90s. It switched, tending not to replace transformers, poles and such until they broke down. Pan-like who are engineering department, it sounds like to me. What do you mean, maintenance program is very weak? He says we California reports advanced told 20 t 9. Don't worry, we've had Strum coming. He says we realize you told them it'll take care of it. Yeah, the Strum mobile closure was maybe done and of course all the customers do without power, but at least starting scratch. I've married to you, 50% the pole spelled during Wil mud because they were rotten gang young says it's sad. I feel sorry for the pblica. This is a word for Florida Plunder. She was from 30 years and he knows what's going on right now that he's out. FBI Vice President Gisha Williams, their very own Gisha girl in charge of the company's distribution system, says that's unacceptable for a supervisor to storm take care of maintenance and blow the apples down. She says new technology infrared camera sticking for weak spots and lines have made it cheaper and easy to do maintenance without spending a lot of money. Still some critics including consumer advocate Mike Torney have wondered whether FEL lets that equipment fall during a field during hurricanes because that's the way. Remember that song? Like Casey, that's her way of the life of yeah. That's the way we're placement will be paid out of storm fund surcharge, just granted by state regulators rather than out of its own operating expenses which would eat into its profits and piss off their stockholders. That's what all you people are doing. You're making the FBI sureholders happy. Remember that one jackass that's called back to the hurricane saying, oh he was real happy because he got a lot of the FBI stock. We're good for you. I hope they go build it up. There you go, he's old G.C. You're fairie. 572 Voses overgaon net pull on. I'm just amazed. Just amazed at this crowd man. You know something we enjoy. They don't like it. Yamama. We enjoy today. This one's for us. How's that to see the coming by the way that best of the 30th anniversary sign that I don't mind if you're with and I'm not coming down there and doing any appearances by the bureau sales manager or let me also say this since I've let them all hang out here today. Was either one that said that the beeswings were going to front the 10 grand for the print of CD was that my idea? No. Was either one that said we're going to go in the hit on customers to clients to try to get that 10 grand back because the beeswings are too cheap to pay it out of their own big ass pocket. No, I was the one that said that. But that's the way it is. That's the way they like it. So if anybody down there is, is det eluding themselves and believe that I'm going to come down and do another one of those stupid appearances and sign those solias autograph cards. Everybody who listen to the show has got how much of those. I'm very scared of those sign that you get a life, get real, get lost, body cone, get joist, whatever I wrote on there. Okay. We'll make up some rubber stamps and then Gilbert cannot a graph. Yeah, there you go. Gilbert. Gilbert, Gilbert, let Ojoi can go and they can have their own remote and we'll watch his show and then we can get the guy with a fanny pack and the guy with the eyes, all these misfits. All right. I was thinking over the weekend because they consumed an aggregate. I was thinking about the guy with a fanny pack and the fact that when they first opened up the macaroon of there, I'm going to a hockey game and here's one of these groupy chronic calling misfits and he's got a piece on him which nobody's forced to know it and they didn't know it either, which I think is why I got him. He's in the airplane so you got her to security, right? Macaroon and he's got a gun. Who else had on the bat line? A little crank call or is that like, huh? I just put it on hold you can answer if you want to probably affect. I see. Thanks line QAM hello. You all were so guys, it's really really. Roy. Yes sir. When you come in the middle of the show, whether you have to do something? Yes sir, I'm sorry. I'm over here. I'm by the universe. It's calling what you know I'm here ready to give up this tickets. You don't want tickets. I have a bandit tickets. All right. All right. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Man, last year I think I went to jump out of the window right now. You got one? I had to take a flip. Waterpandit ticket. Well how we supposed to know about that. We're only with somebody's posting a line or eight. A heads up, a heads down, a heads in the mirror. Like in train spawning. Oh, this is the notice right here. Oh, what? What's the point talking about it until he's there now? And that's true. I mean, we're talking about it earlier. People have been peeled. Where are you now? I'm on the corner of fine university. The QM fan is their role. Roli Poli is there. How many years now? Now what game is this for? Can I scan against the make believes? Yes sir. Against the make believes. The make believes. Yes sir. We've lost eight consecutive games. It could win a fixed game every week. Pissing me off. Okay. Well, we'll get some people out there for you. Roli or not is the case. Maybe we have a good time. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I rest my case. See what I mean? Jobbel. Good guy. Very impressed. Friendly. Very interested in what's going on. But you know something where there's no sense. There's no feeling. And that's this company. That's this place. Like I said, the slackers will continue slacken it. The liars will continue line. And the game players will continue playing their games. And the incompetence heels people will continue to be. What were we looking for in there? Uncompetent. I mean, that right there, that it's just, this is Roli. Yeah. I'm not blaming him. I mean, he's just calling it because he's, I don't know, given us an update. Because he's probably wondering why nobody, I shouldn't ask him what time he got there. Probably got there 11. Somebody else says, yeah, Roli de Mora. He's a football call me when he got there so I can send you the liner. Why is that? Why couldn't you send us the liner earlier today? And he said because he's a rival. No, the two. I'm making it important because his arrival was to be determined. Yeah. We didn't know when he was going to be there. Right. Yeah. When you guys shared got your act together, I'll tell you then. I know you're doing a heck of a job, Brownie. I don't know. The review. And by the way, why you're in there? And since you're tells me that's you're about the only person in a place that doesn't lie like crazy, and I would agree with that. Even when it hurts. Oh boy. No, no seriously. Whose idea was it that I was supposed to come down there and go show up with some of parents to try to suck the 10 grand back for the measlies that they've put enough for the CD that I want no part of this best of the meal thing? Whose idea was that? That I really couldn't say. I don't know. Well, your program director told me this morning came up at a promotion meeting. I haven't ever promotion meeting without the promotion director in there. Well, because it's also a programming meeting. I beg your pardon. It's also a programming meeting. Well, I'm hitting it. OK. So let me see this. If you're in the programming meeting also, who's going to be doing two to four after we get through with this revolving door? Who's going to be doing that? I'm up at a gig. I'll tell you one thing. We get that Julio audience. And we can probably get a 15 share in there. Miguel, two to four. Absolutely. Sure be well. We're doing right now. I'll tell you. I don't understand what we're doing now. I mean, you know. You think he was like an emergency to shove molots a door? He was kind of like, or does he not? What was the biggest emergency? He told them to or get up the pot. No, I don't think that happened at all. I think it was he was just trying to find out. Is he going to be extended? Which is he going to be extended? Oh my god. Or extended off the door. Are we going to not know? Look at that. Look for the QM van right now. He's parking lot. I'm pizing University. We know he's there. Stop by to pick up a pair of tickets and ice patterns. Make believes game at the bank at Lannison. There will be a lot of empty seats, baby. Lots of empty seats. You can pick your own seats. Sit wherever you want. So we got tickets for you. Any interest. Oh, leaves could win a fixed game. From on pants is probably kick their ass. All the brimer cables come back tonight. Well, I make a difference. No, like I said. Okay. Well, nice job there, Miguel. And rolly, pully and rolly fingers and roll instead of who I can see why we're on Instead of got out of town. Anybody else? Get a chance. Get out of that place. Save your life. Save your brain. Five, 82. So what are you about for I'd pull before you get out of there, Miguel? Do you go on? Either than even though who's up. Dan La Bastard or Greg Cotex, the biggest sports print A-hole in South Florida. Oh, the bastard. Okay. Another road for Dan La Bastard. He's kicking ass man. He's got a 5.3 to 142, almost 600 votes. And these people are saying, what kind of a pool is this? I'm going to give you a heads up on the Mars pool right now. Give me some of the sink there teeth into literally. Now they're old when I'm bringing back. Well, you got to bring him back. Why not? You're looking at some of the ones. Sean's got here. Sean, you're great. Thanks. Keep in coming. Oh, I suck. What? No, I mean, you can't be picky with the ball. What was the best South Florida restaurant to close in the last 20 years? And Eric has set it up now that I can actually go back in there and get the original The pool. You see that? Yeah. Wow. Nice going, Eric. You demand, baby. And he also helped me on a phone and Friday get this printer all in screen now. And he's a great. Good or whatever. You keep picking on him and ripping him as, call him a fan slash. That's bad. Right. Talking about the breeders. What was the best South Florida restaurant to close the last 20 years? Do you want to hear the original last after we do the break? I'll tell you what, Sean. I'm sure a lot of it. Because this isn't going to be one of those with only two on it. Was it Burton Jackson Wolfies? I know what Mr. Eagle would say. Burton Jackson at Pembroke and Saw. And then that Parmesan cheese man. I was out of the swirl. And that Parmesan cheese. Mr. Freebie. 1214. Chris, when you got 75 kids, you got to get a lot of free meals. Would lightning quick speeds, the latest features and security, Comcast High Speed Internet leaves DSL in the dust. And today you can get on board for only 9.95 a month or three months. With an always on connection speed of six megabytes, Comcast High Speed Internet is up to four times faster than the SL15, and up to 100 times faster than dial-up. Would you download a music while seeing streaming video playing online games or just surfing your favorite sites? Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the Internet. Plus when you son up for Comcast High Speed Internet, you get instant access to features. Free features like the fan video mail, Comcast, Rack City radio plus, and up to 7 personal email accounts just to name a few. Not only that, but you also get macapetic security tools included, so you can be assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure. So what are you waiting for? Start doing more faster than ever son up for Comcast High Speed Internet today. Only 9.95 a month or three months. You'll wonder how you ever managed to get along without it. Call them in Broward 9.54 Comcast or in Day 305 Comcast. Call for the tail-sync restrictions apply. Again, in Day 305 Comcast and in 9.54 Comcast. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16. 8.15. Oh, let's up you some more Christmas. Let's scream nice and loud. Get me some words and a fashory pass. I don't care if they feel my wack should be. Use you to the torture because they're just laying their game in the past. It had to be worth it to dumb who's saying that. I'm not a cat, but I'm a cat. You're a cat. You're a cat. Maybe some are now at his name. But is it the first time you're mislead this is Smith becoming Mr. With this is me. How long will it take? Till we get off bright. You're bright. On the coverage of Brad and the mother to be. There are two new kids in Hollywood here with real rat issue. Have their babies. No other stories. Get them real boring. I'm just bored today. I've heard enough of this pair. How about you? Usually it's not a guitar. We believe for now our decision is to show me how to say that how Holy wood is presently enough to a lot of people have judged the grace of the name Christ. Who is the bread and angel we know of the power? But our Mr. Smith, all ready living happily ever after. They have for babies or faces more to worry. And I know. We have to have a broad spot. But we've got more of our friends. We need to get a friend. One time that's what's had a mouthful of a pile. I would throw a glass. What that particular picture is something. I think he sure is Joyce. A 20 pass noon. He appeals to that Yahoo. He West. I don't know what that's all about. That whole key thing. He's salty dogs. I was out there to salty dogs. Yeah. I see. All right. If you're drunk it's good to sing along. Anyway, the full-fer tomorrow which we're not doing yet. What was the best South Florida restaurant to close in last 20 years? I noticed on here we had lots of internet and I put a question mark to what I'm crossing it off because I just went online and found out that a lot of internet will reopen in 2006 on top of the ocean. All right. And it shows a picture and artists, I guess whatever this is. Construction set to begin obviously 2005. So I'm assuming that this is going to happen. Some crossing that out. Although I don't know whether it's a Carolyn Neville and Sherpa Montoarth. Still involved in that. I don't think so. I don't know. I have no idea. Some crossing that I've got as Burton Jackson wolfies. Topernics. I'll have a lot to tell you then. Okay. Huh? Doyden's long gone, right? Far better. They tried it again and no deli-den. Topernics. Corquise Earth by Mubitch. The studio. New York Statehouse. Casa Veccia. Hemingways. They dome. Top of the home. And they dome. And tell you then. My Miss Naya. Real obvious ones. Last 20 years. No. Always there one where I stood off the toilet seat. Oh, they had that. Vinnie's. All right. Vinnie's in the Bronx. Oh, that was a movie. But he's on 441 there. I'm sure it's not there no more. Maybe I'm wrong. He probably shut them down. Yeah, right. 560, 5056. I would like to. Pound. Actually the food was very good there. But that's a long time ago. Long ago. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Yeah. How about hot now? No. No. That was really good. Hot now, my ass. That's what I heard. Yeah. Hot now. How long was, how many minutes was that place open? About 30 minutes. Yeah. Remember that? Don't exactly. Yeah. I don't know if it was close or fast. I've ever got a chance to check it out. What was the fast food restaurant? I know that. So what's wrong with that? And so don't you remember it was open? It was opened as a vendetta. Either by the Pepsi people or the Copey launcher, which one? Because it was the checkers or something. Yeah. The other outfit that they were pissed off at, had some contract with the other sort of people. So they opened up their own hot now. And they were going to put the other people out of it and hot now. They opened for about five minutes. They stayed open about as long as light mountain ice cream. The difference being the light mountain was very good. How is that stone cold? They're still stone and cold? They still see their sides around. Yeah. There are. That's very dangerous stuff, man. It's really good, but it's dangerous. Really addictive. WQAM. Hello. QAM. How about Mitch's day out? What is it? Mitch's day out. Mitch's day out. How does that mean? How does that mean? Mitch's day out. Mitch's day out. Mitch's day out. Mitch's day out. Okay. I'm going to go to East back in after lunch. He's saying, maybe he's got a speech defect. You're fair, Mitch's day out. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. Come on. You better get with it. And what was the other response that we had have been on since? You wanted to send us a roll of free silverware. By the way, thanks again for the free silverware. All you people at... It was a spawn. It was something a schmethan will unski. That's it. She'll leave you to me. Leave it to me. Old old. I don't have a good idea. I don't have a good idea. I don't have a good idea. What are you talking about? I got to their plates. She doesn't want to unski my ass. So you got some good plates good. Yeah. The food was horrible, but the free silverware and plates were great. Did you recognize? WCWM? Hello? QAM? QAM? And back at you? WCWM? Yes sir. How about mineros? The place on how it will be full of art? Is closed? Yep. You're going to be kidding me. Were they going to hit that great blue cheese salad or whatever they used to call that? They call that. They go around Zoltel's salad? No idea. Oh, that was a good place. Okay, thanks, Tommy. Mineros is closed. All I can say that is, oh my god. Can you believe it? I believe it. Get out of there. Can you do it? We better. How are we going to find out about these? I mean, I think I didn't sound like you would make it up. Some people, you can tell right off the bat. Mineros. Oh, bro. A or no. It's got an A and an. Oh, M a and E are. Why you're asking me? It's like a holio name. You're such a guy. God. Mineros. M a and C are all. A positive thing. That's right. That's right. Mineros. So, man. A lot of. A lot of. You know how you sound. Can be. You're okay. W D Q A M. Hello. Yes. I got a good one. How best you do? Yeah. Go ahead. Uh. Cratan. Cratan's. Cratan's. Cratan's. On. Used to be on sunrise. Many years ago. And the women's official place kneeled down on 79-year-old colto. Who was that place called? I have no idea. Oh, God. I was famous. Men with the same as his joves can't be given the name. 79-year-old and one. And the acausway? Uh, and the uh, intercoastals. Beats a crap out of me. Do you remember Clayton's deal? No, I never heard of him. I remember being Clayton used to play for the watches through Amherks. Yeah. Clayton was um. Yeah, but this is that 20 years ago or 100 years ago. No, it's about. I mean, we could start putting like the famous on your two, but that's 100 years ago. That's how I got about an inch and. Yeah, I'm about 20 years man. About 20 years. About 20 years. But that's the fish plate. Got done it with that fish plate. Everybody went down to Miami to go back. That's right. No, no. So this is right on the intercoastals. Right on the intercoastals. So how many will know? Just relax. Okay. Papa Pillar 2 and we'll get back to you. Okay. I'll go here from you again. Okay. Okay. Wow. Talk about emotional. See, this is the guy with this is something I can get excited about now. And I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to in practice and so let's say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to look at it I'm going a down that it quite a very valley light on this valley is wanting to see it. I  one of us are at what I wanted him to good go and I well because he hased me maybe he started in the ankle of what are you says he's putting in error to the man. He told me he said the life stays forever working with another big with a oxygen mask you't worked every day because so passage a tells you I'm tough. feel like I'm acting in that movie Transpotting. In the toilet. Oh, I saw a little bit of a movie was on cable last night by the same director from Transpotting. Seven days after like the, oh man, about a bunch of wild monkeys with a disease. Oh, yeah. Yeah. What? I asked about two minutes of a night show. Twenty eight days later, something like that. That's it. Yeah. No good. But I had three or four stars on there on the blurb. It was not. No. It could have been just as good as Transpotting, but no toilet scenes in this one. So it had some good parts, but it didn't turn out to, and no joy scenes. No, I see. In fact, that Transpotting, too much joy floating around on the ball for me. By the way, yes. Oh, Roli, Roli's out of tickets. Yeah. No more panther for Roli and on that. You mean, he just talked to us like twenty two minutes ago. He's already out of tickets. That's not taking it. Hot spot. Yeah. That's right. Maybe my, maybe it's because there's just, sure we got my, we love them. Mace police and the crowd will be saying, go team, go. Go. As long as I live, I'll never forget that dumb boy there in front of me. Leaves game and the crowd is going, the leaf fans go leave school. Which is probably the most, the best known cheer and all sports history, okay? All sports history even better than that. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Michigan, one. Oh, go, leave school. How what? How kind of a moron you have to be to be in a hockey game. And he turns into his sister, his friend. I think they're saying, go team, go. Oh, it shows that. No, seriously, that was the epitome of what South Florida's all about. Dumb, goiam, that's South Florida. I rest my case. 29 past noon at QAM. That's the problem. You guys over there across the street have to take you too many goi and work it over there. You think Joel Finder would hire a few of his own, but no, I'll goi him. The Emerald Coastist Florida's number one, 80, where my, your face, we're out of the boat. I've voted by, is it got restaurant review? And now every Friday through Sunday night, you can enjoy lobster fest between main lobster served thermistor style. And every night is crap pasted. The last in snow crab lights. Dungeon is crap and Jonah Stone crabs. The menu at the Emerald Coast still includes fresh oysters on a half shell. And a sushi bar with over 30. Oh, shit. And the chef's items looking right straight back in your eyes. The Emerald Coast also served New York Sticks, cooked juicy and delicious just the way you like him and handcar perme as well. And the weekends for dessert leave room for the Emerald Coast big fantastic. I've seen 40 inch chopper fountain where he can hand if your own strawberries, marshmallows, all kinds of deck and treats just sticking right in there. And now through February 50, sure, and come celebrate the Chinese New Year with the Emerald Coast featuring roast duck, crispy chicken, sweet and sour fish and roasted suckling pig every night. It's the year of the dog and a kitty cat too. The Emerald Coast as we can be in locations to see you there in sunrise, sunny, house beach and tempered finds reservations suggested call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two. Some celebrate Chinese New Year or any other occasion at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. This is New Rogers. This is five sixteen two eight. Oh. Takenah. This is your bowl on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. The gentleman said me brag a little bit about what California has accomplished over the last two years. Together with the help of the legislature and the people. We brought California bankruptcy. So the day I proposed we should eliminate California system of colleges and universities. There's a better way, a smarter way. A more 50 responsible way to invest in our future drugs. I believe in a three market. I believe in free trade. So I call up on a federal government to permit drugs. I say, let's the three market world. Now on the close hit tonight with a story about Senator Estudio. One day I ran into her in this building here and she told me about her bill to get sex and I said they have a lot this idea. It's great to find her. Let's do it together and we did. Ah. Very nice. So ladies and gentlemen, the state of our state is sound. Thank you very much and God bless all of you. Thank you. Comfortly five. Don't forget you can get some tickets to the box office because we don't have any more for you. We're always going. At least I didn't take too long. Didn't. No, it didn't. Because we got the hockey, maybe man. We got the hockey man. We made people make believe expert. 560, the best off of what a restaurant to close in the last 20 years. We've had a deli then, Vinnie's in craters to our already finalists. And I scratched out live heaven and a close whatever. I don't know if it's going to be decided. We've got that maneros. I guess this is going to happen. Here's an article. I find an article talking about how it closed and here's another article advertising and another location. Yeah. So I guess there's a, I guess we can put on their maneros, Helen Dale. Well, maneros, Hollywood is the one that closed. Maneros, Hollywood, like I said. I'm not amazing. Everybody in there, brother's got their own website. I couldn't believe when I looked up lots of heaven and there's all kinds of crap on there. OK, maneros, Hollywood, closed it in. 560, 750, 560, pound 560, the Verizon, singing the wireless line. Vote for Moa, 2 to 4 because the right-known Moa Moa. My dog at Hooters around 4 to 630, Panther P. was 630 and I was guilty in the silly red deer Randy. And then the Panthers and I make believe tonight. Can the leaves win a game? No, unlikely. At 7 o'clock, Eddie K follows the hockey game. And then kind of ironic that the least in Joe Bowlin and Harry Newell are right there in South Florida and sunrise and I'm here in Toronto. How's it going, eh? W2AM, hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. A couple things for you, but number one, don't stand still open. It's on that stirring road. And how are we just for us for 95? Well, they must have reopened because, well, OK. Yes, you're allowed to. It's in a great neighborhood, by the top of the one. And yeah, yeah, my Gordon says the one that guy said that. My Gordon is that's right. And they forget the Gordon Fisherman. I don't know, he was pretty good. Yeah. And also the one I miss, his videos in North Miami Beach. Videos has gone right across from where the unicorn used to be, too. Right across from crispy cream. Right, you got him. He rigidly creamed 1603. Yep, that's correct. Thanks, Palia. And also, what's the diner next to crispy cream? The egg-y? Amonagery? Pan-anagery. That's a thanks pal. Alright. The veto is a bunch of unicorns as well. They moved to a different spot, and I bet you they're gone. How many unicorns? I do. How much you've never lost here and haven't had another really well, because Carolyn Romano used to love me and bring me cook up. She used to cook fresh down in the kitchen at IOD. And cook up a great storm for me, and she wouldn't give yours nothing. Nothing great. He did you like poison. Apparently. Well, that's because you're not Jewish. I see. Here's one for tomorrow's poll, which says, the English pub on Kibiske, and okay, let's put English pub on. I'm making the poll up. I keep saying these things like you're doing something. And you guys are probably waiting for lunch. I don't think we're getting any today. You're not getting any? What about lunch? That either. Really? Yeah. Why is that? I don't know. We just never got around to it. Well, too much pressure with rolling and Miguel all screw up. And then, of course, we got the experiences we can't get him out of that studio in the morning. I don't want to talk to you, Clarence. Have a nice day. It's not personal. You're a good guy. You're way drowning in a sea of incompetence. But you're a good guy. Get my checks on tenets. All I ask for me is nothing. Nothing. I don't want to be involved in your program in the sins. Any other machinations there. You're best of your worst of. Have a good time. Okay. Go whisper in the new managers ear. I'm sure you already have. Go get what we're going to tell you in the next. Pretending to know some. Right. God. So Steve said about let's eat microdency food. The PS. An update on the book of Daniel NBC Candle series. It says, unfortunately, due to many reasons, the book of Daniel will no longer be aired on BC and Friday nights. This is from the creator of the book of Daniel Jack Kenny. He says, I just want to say thank you to who supported the show. There were many wonderful talented people who contributed to what success and I do in success. Whatever the outcome I feel I accomplished when I set out to do a solid family drama, would lots of him or the answer to his sport lives of the Webster family. Good flawed people love each other no matter what. And there was always a lot of what. I remain proud of our product, proud of my association with Sony and we see Universal NBC. You took a chance on my project that spoke to them and proud of made an impact on so many of your lives. I think that's not more of what the Daniel. Two controversial baby, not far enough right way in man, even Steve and Harper would not watch it. Speaking of fascists. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. Verizon and single-larbal slime man. And now we got something to consider. Cheat into with the votes of this stupid polite that you came up with. Yeah, I'm sorry I did that. Who's the biggest A hole in South Florida print media? 631 votes. There are only two choices there. Why is that I wonder? Van LaBasser 4445 and Greg Coates has won a E6. It's like almost 3 to 1. That's the LaBasser guys winning over there. And don't forget tomorrow's that biggest setting, Bloodpool there on Greg Coates and the Harold on his blog. He said, I have the best pop show hole in Saudi, right here. Top show hole in South Florida is it Dan LaBasser or anybody else in 790 and the worst is it's going to be Hank Oberg or anybody else in QM. This is going to be word that I believe. I think I got it right. And who would you like to put a bullet to their gut? A fat boy or anybody else? No, seriously. I have you thought out if you've done your homework yet, who will do it in my email? And why why is it he's starting email here? Well, you don't lie. No, I don't know why why. I've touched the flush to wear the flush. I don't lie. When you said touch the flush, I'm going on an instant diet. I'll say one thing, big target. I'd say, you know, he wants to skin you and I don't want to be. He will near that tub. You know, that reminds me of speaking to Joe Bowen, you know, that dropping the little promo he does. And I remember that this disgusting obnoxious cow Josh Friedman that they sent over there. Goes over to the winner. Oh, I missed him all the new Rogers thinks you're really great and well, could I get you to do it? He already did this one, which is more than enough. And probably now Joe hates me like poison all the way down it. But, you know, see, let's think about this radio station. The people that they send out to press the flush with the public as you just said it. It just, I mean, would you send Josh Friedman out to represent you unless you wanted to piss somebody off? No comment. My God. Just the aroma from that rotting flush is the mouth about drive them on. Oh, my God. And as a matter of fact, he's the same thing that I could close friend. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait. Will you speak in a hockey? Remember that? I do. I call me and home to apologize because you asked me to, oh, no, I, I'd Charlotte him around and he started running the other way. As soon as I mentioned your name. Oh, as soon as he smelled you Josh Friedman, that's when we started going to the direction. Hey, stop interrupting Josh court. What do you want to say something, Richard? So, James. No, I was just going to say speaking to Josh Friedman. I got a report that because you know he's on 790 now. Yeah. He's a good. He matched me to heaven man. He was interviewing OJ over the weekend. And so it's their big deal, I guess. They're making a big deal. Oh, 790's got OJ on. And you know something, I think they ought to put him on the air every day. They're already tried that one time. Yeah, get him on the air every day. Then you won't have one sponsor. You won't have like five listeners except the groupies who are used to be at 2 a.m. Screw in and Greg and Sam. Well, you know what that is? That's desperation. Just like this thing with Greg Kotex. It's massive real desperation. Maybe you know maybe Joel Fiverr's daddy's going to cut off the funds to you know continue funding his or kids hobby. I want to be a sports wadio owner. I want to be a sports executive, you know. Kind of like Greg Reid was the infinite by the beastly's all that time. I forgot that's where he's are concerned. 1242 or 560 WKL when you're shopping for shoes where do you go? You go to Brandy shoes and pop at a beat if you have a half a brain. Because Brandy's has the most comfortable fit waiting for you in your favorite style of shoes that unbeatable prices. All the top names and Brandy's pair is a fantastic selection. So whatever style you pick out you know what's on the shelf and you're a size winning the style on your fat feet. They got rock for foreshyem echo. New balance, Mfisto, SAS all the top names and the professional shoe fit is a brandy's to make sure you have a customized fit. Your favorite comfort you just ask for Arnie. He'll take real good care of you Brandy's even specialized in wide widths as well Brandy's is worth a trip from just about anybody in town for comfort style fit, value and selection. It's Brandy's shoes. Be sure to tell that Berkeley since you're in. She's not with us anymore, but this mentioned a name for last. Brandy shoes is a club 90 North Federal Highway in Pompatobitch. Open daily Monday through Saturday to line Sunday's to five. And this week is another spectacular week to shop at Brandy's because men's and women's spirit top side is our great value at 10 to 20 bucks off the regular price. Only this week and only a Brandy's shoes in prestigious BFB. This is New Rogers. This is five sixty two. There's a door door door door. Find a lollipop little boy. Hey everybody, I'm Brown and Brown. But countable for everybody, Brown and Brown. As a human being, I'm a biggest appointment. But I got a round nose and I know that I'm fine. That was no rules to get them safe. They don't open up again in an anyway. I did everything. I possibly can. The show might have called for the club's plan. Or what a job I have. The rest are a piece of 29 which horrors they know we so we schema and a glueless son of a bitch. Get your skins round nose and nose, bitch. Get your skins round nose and nose, bitch. Do all means is why I'm touting gone. But no, you said I did one act of a job. And it's your pays off. To be a brownie and another white may see. Christian, boldies, a national guard is down there now. With artists just to get the press out of town. Everybody go home. There's nothing to see. Everything here is pity, pain. Hold our hurricane game, us, thy big easy. Or the old front, so ensure air to the air like a giant red public in 20. Through Jesus, for our Lord and King. Breathe Jesus, for a child, Lord and King. Battle moving, compassion, what we enact. It serves the right to have this nice and you descend to say, It's a national disgrace that you'd never die in the first place. This is no time to blame the blame game. Since we know that good retainers call by names. Who are not the right guy, a homo? Light sky, the clearly then carols go, Where a chiefing rear of paradise, right wing dream. To make everybody, my life be. And there's no mention of a thing. Get your job, brown nose and nose, bitch. Poor how I'm standing by you, And painted in horses, I'd rather do that than watch floating horses on the negligent. Turn over now. And I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown. I'll take the ginger down. But I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown. Tough for to get an all-joycer radio, WQAM. Federal emergencies, that's the reason I play that right now. Plus I like brownie brownie. How about you, brownie? I do like it. Brownie, every now and then. I like brownie just, oh, you have an on my pants. And that of course is always fudge. Like that too. Do you know that if the falls view casino and I were falls, they have a shop that, well, I mean it's a candy shop, but especially, I will be in fact, they're making it right there and funny it's fudge. A bad. Remember fudge brown with the dolphins? Right. I've watched those fudge being made in North Carolina. And I mean, is to this, what can brown do for you? Lots. Federal emergency official spailer were stepped off as a possibly lifesaving aid from the Department of Interior immediately after Hurricane Katrina, according to documents obtained by the certainly not news that were CNN and then. They certainly not see network for doing international news right now and trying to fake you out. Still ahead? Yeah, right. The interior department offered the FEMA people to use a person out of her experience in water rescue, and also offered boats, helicopters, heavy equipment and rooms that documents say. Right. Well, why would they want that? Senator Susan Collins, a real whiner, Republican for Maine, sure wanted to be Senate Committee over Jerrod Jerusalem over the Department of Homeland Security and FEMA, said the initial resources may have saved lives. Well, we don't want to save those dark folks. Certainly not the Bush people. Everyone that died is one less vote of the Democrats. It is indeed possible that the might of been a Yadi Aadi Aadi, her panel, the Homeland Security and Government of First Committee is holding hearings today, looking at the research and rescue response to Katrina, pathetic, pathetic. Not to mention, of course, your friend Ray Naginhead. I better play that in a minute. I haven't played that today. Even though we don't like it. I like it a lot. A spokesman for Homeland Security, which includes FEMA's is the Bush administration's examining, how to better utilize federal and other resources and catastrophe. We've got a catastrophe. All right. This name is George Bush and Dick Cheney. And here I'm Gary Remisfield, all of these Nazis. But he observed where their federal assets that were not using Katrina. Of course he says, I see the Interee Department had offered FEMA 500 rooms, 119 pieces of heavy equipment, 200 dumb trucks other vehicles, 300 votes, 11 aircraft, 400 law enforcement officers. All we don't need that, I might save some of them a dark folks. We don't want that. No, no, we don't want to be able to do an ad. Too many darkies into Orleans. Too many chocolate pieces. They don't vote Democrats. Let them drown. I mean, they don't vote Republican. Whatever it is. Let's see, it's three for the pool. My pie on sunny house Boulevard. Is that 20 years? That seems to me it's a long time ago. My pie, you're ass. My pie, I'll put it on here. The charter, the Hungarian charter. That was a landmark. In North Miami, you know where it was? No. It was also where Rocky Rossi Annie's was right across the street. On this game Boulevard, in North Miami, it says on Dixie Howard, it was not on Dixie Howard. I was on this game Boulevard. Get it right, you clown. Oh, and Mr. Coney Island on Howard, 603rd Street, anybody that votes for that man, you, Oh, can we work with somebody who's father owned that place? Yeah, we did. Forget who it was. Okay, right. I wouldn't put him fast food joints out here too. Oh, no. Yeah, why not? And Rudy's hamburger is, that was great. We've been through that a million times. Yes, we have. It was too good for South Florida. That's why a lot of crap places stay open. And some places go to his Rudy's long gone. That was excellent. Those were like gourmet hand. In fact, wasn't that what his call gourmet is. gourmet, a Rudy's gourmet crap? Right. I think it was. Rudy's the Coney Island. If there was ever a filthy restaurant that, oh my god, you walked in there and the schmuch was like hanging from the ceiling with so bad. Somebody we worked with is daddy owned it. Okay. He said my daddy owned it and then said I'm trying to get him killed. 560, 560, 560, 560, the Verizon cigarette of the slides. On a day that will live in infamy at all Joyce radio. WDQA and hello. Yes, sir. I got a couple restaurants for Neil. Okay, what are they? Those are good. There's a bunch of them. I got here. I got plifers on this game. I got that guy with the call him before that place was called Mitch's steak ranch. Not Mitch's steak house. Mitch's steak ranch. Right. There was freeze right next to Mitch's steak ranch. What was it? I was holding it up to speakers. It was called, uh, Curry's. And what was the other one I said? Like Gordon's other restaurant was called the fish pad. What? Fish pad. I remember that. Okay. Then there was the other one that Neil used to talk about. On, uh, there was on this kind of 20 fish trees that Chinese place. Oh, that's still there though. All right. I'll talk you later. Thanks, Paulie. Remember we mentioned that, uh, a few months ago we're talking about restaurants. That Chinese play. I can't think of what the hell they've been with. I've been with the restaurant since so little time. I guess I could be rocky grassy and he's on there. I guess. All right. All the way. Maybe more than 20 years, but we're no, we don't even nitpick. Okay. 20 years, maybe even. Not 30 men. I just, I just want to go back to all the real old ones like the needles on out in road, which is great. And the turf pub. And, uh, what was the antenna restaurant there as well? Feature, G, whatever was. I don't know. Place where Jim Altant tried to, well, give me to go home. Sorry, Jim. I think he's dead. I talked about that. He tried to first he tried to pick up the waiter. And then that didn't work and they like with begging me to go home with him. Sorry, Jim. I didn't think he tried to pick up the tab. No. That was me. I never, I never very seldom do I wind up going to the meals where the other person picks up the tab. Unless, let's see, Tom's ticket because it's on the Sun Sentinel tab so that a couple times he bought me lunch. And, you know, and if it's a course somebody we work for a while, it goes without saying, you know. Right. Now Joe, Joe Bell, his thing is, what's the barbecue place there by the, that they built the Metro rail for? Sunny's barbecue. Oh, good. Because I told him I said, I'm not going to lunch with you if you're a sushi guy. I like our, your predecessor. No, his thing is Sunny's barbecue. No, I don't know if they have other ones beside that one down there that they built a Metro rail for in Kandell, Zoonado. That's a, there's one right up. Shorty. But Sunny's. Oh, I'm sorry. Shorty. I think that's what he did say. Which I definitely don't eat barbecue is for good anyway. I don't eat that. So I guess I'm not going to be going to lunch with Joe. Maybe I'll go to lunch with Joyce. There you go. Oh, that boy. You know, you know, something I just had a vision. And, of course, I hate to do this still lunch hour for a lot of people. I just had a vision of my going to lunch with Joyce and I, get up in the middle of the lunch and drop my pants and squat on top of the table. Right where her food is. And just drop a enormous Joyce right there in front of her post. And I would just love to do that. She is, she's the anti-Christ. She has no clue. She's, she's in so far overhead that she's drowning. She has no concept of the FCC of a farts of anything. And it means time we have to like, oh, yes, Joe, I just, whatever you feel, this is the beastly's for you, man. Bring in somebody who is eminently and totally unqualified, who is positively acceptable to everybody and make her the, the head cheese. In fact, she smells like head cheese is what I'm told. That's what Greg said. That's the head only. Now only as I had. And you know what they say? If the fish thinks it's a head. Oh, look out. Look out now. Since how many, 48 votes on our very important and prestigious poll today, which I'm really shocked with you people, who's the biggest A-hole in South Florida print media, a two horse race only. There's a bunch of horse races, like a matrice between the two ruffian and foolish pleasures. Remember, ruffian broke down? Yeah. Wait, filly? No. Even you remember that. No. You know? Don't start with that horse racing. Crap, it's an attempt to sabotage the show you're not full of me. Seriously, pull this player in ruffian and they see the filly broke down. I know about him. He just plays a great ruffian. That was said. Speaking of said, Dan LaBasser in 464 and Greg Coatex, 190, not even closed. This is not you, ruffian. This is 5.62. A- Or these are galleries in you room. What would be this dinner in junior ages are one-two-out? Mm-hmm. Who sounds like a horror? Yeah, and not. Every time he sees me, he's the main god wants to defeat. Once the day comes, he'll be the main god. And the other eight the fleets, rain days and day. Rain days and day. Rain days and day. Rain days and day. Rain days and day. And turn, if he wants to make new or lose to his mother. And I don't care what people are afraid. Like NC Jackson's, then we have black teeth. His promise out his arms. Surely god is fair. He compares the vocals to a wheelie on the farm. Shocked. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes, right now he can play. Rain days and day. Rain days and day. And turn, if he wants to make new or lose to his mother. His promise to come together. That time was to rebuild a new world. And the ones that should be uptown. All the way, however they go. This city will be chocolate. A chocolate new world. He never takes the blame. For anything to say. Chuck, touch the end of the day. Touch off the end. Some coffee and a bar up on. All day. Rain days and day. You know I can. Rain days and day. And 30 wants to make new or lose to his mother. Just can't have new or lose no on the way. It would be the wall. It just wouldn't be new or lose against one. I'd have to run and see an answer. We got new to this second. Go. No, I didn't. And Alses. There's going to be showing a new tape today. Guess who is. Oh for the new message. For the verse. There were a lot of. No. Alses. It's. Oh, Adel. I'm in the. Another. And then after that, they're going to fall for the. Alfred. And Algo. And. Ales. To. So. Ales. Wow. Here. Oh, well, we. I think we may have gotten them. Remember that's a drone, a drone, and they dropped in a bomba and they killed all those innocent people. See? Hey, man, that's not us. And of course we thought, SIN, well I need a drink now. Why? Nothing. I'm gagging. God punishing me again for being an anti-bush. No, they lied about it. And well, the first report we think he was in there. He was having dinner, and they was having a couple of cheese burgers, bacon cheese burgers, of course, truth. And, uh, oh, well, he wasn't in there, but some evil doers were it. We find out that a whole bunch of innocent people got killed. This is, like I told you, long time ago, emancipation by elimination, by decimation, by evisceration. That's what we're doing. We're a killer. So he's still alive. He's still making rattling in spirit, making threatening messages. And Alzarkawi, he's still running around all over Baghdad, and all over Iraq, and then of course, what's his name? Osama, you mama goes without SIN. And who might even out? Oh, and, uh, little little Omar, we even forgot about him. Remember, mu-la-la Omar? The 10-maker? Forgot about. You at my store, ready to forget about him. Remember mu-la Omar? Oh, yeah, what about him? You just sit still running around. I say, rattling his spirit. W-2A and hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you, John? Pretty good. I got two for your pole. Okay. The, uh, both in Fort Lauderdale. The down under? Down under, and... And, by Zano's, I'm not sure what's. Paisano is so fast. Was it really? Oh, the fast. He was very, he's very moved to, uh, very moved to Papalo, and, uh, Dally's just out fishing right here. But all the paisano, not mid-mid-mid-mid-mid-mid, but is it P-A-ISA-N-O-Paisano? P-I-S-I-S-Paisano, P-I-S-A-N-O-S, I think. No. P-I-I-S, Paisano. Wow, whatever. Right. I was the original bartender at the down under. Really? Yeah. 1969 we open. Holy moly, well things aren't never going to be the same. And, is Tina spaghetti has still there? Tina's God, no, God. But God should stay from dirty earnings. Right. Is it? There's like a-no-open. I think it's still there. Okay, good luck to you, Pale. rest. We always asked about Tina's spaghetti. You don't remember where that was? It was unlike a lot of solos. I don't know. I don't know. It wasn't on the loss solos. It was on whatever. On the way to the 17th because what is that? What is that highway? It was like a landmark there. It wasn't all that great. But it was a landmark. It kind of like mouches beginning. 560560 pound 560 and the right than singular wireless line. The fact of these restaurants are gone. Maybe a benefit to mankind. Maybe that's why some of you people are still alive. What about the what you call it? What do you call it? Oh no. The one where there's still a button for a lot of the way to get way to the button. Plantation closed by me and baby there. It's baby actually. It's hand and restaurant. Come on. I'm thinking there's one that's really good. But this one was even better and they sold out. Got me. The baby on the university drive and David for crying out loud. Well somebody won't let him know. There it is really. Why do you say not to a Molino? Because I thought they were still open for somebody. The one and four lottery bills open but the baby won't. Long gone man. Long gone man. All of a sudden we still got what you call it? We still got the least I think we still got whatever the point is the two days. Maybe they're going to have like two or more. Maybe they'll have on OJ from two days. Remember I told you about two days that time I went there I think it was like a year ago December. And it was sensational. And the owner or whoever was the manager he knew me and see that me and greeted and squeezed me and everything else. And then of course come to find out the person from the agency up there in Palm Beach or somewhere hates me like poison. Probably a right wing bitch. And that's why they would advertise. Because I like two days a lot with the advertised or not it's great. You told me you were there. Two days? Yeah. No Josh. I've been there. Oh you've never been there? I have not. Oh my god it's excellent. Baby is fantastic. Well one of these days. And they got on Amla there it's like I forget what they call it. It's got like everything on it like the everything but the kitchen sink I'm with all the good stuff and sausage and all man just to die for. Even going to eat there. Come any QAM hello. Yes sir. And if you haven't heard Friday I think you got to the mad dog he said he was going to make a phone call and consider doing two to six. Now run that by me again. Mad dog I'll party on his show he said that he was going to make a phone call because he's considering doing two to six. Well what does that phone call me I don't understand make a phone call to who? I don't know the box or whatever that is or great. That's what we need. That's the best news of the century. And Pat you pulled me out of my golden. I'm saying so much. Wouldn't that be great? Baby that's why there hasn't taken in Palpatine. Maybe that's why we got this revolving door thing until Mad dog gets his life squared away. Of course it will only be working about 30 days a year but that's okay. Not 30 men. Jim Man is to the six starts next Monday afternoon on QA and that's where we're starting right now and then they will fear us. Oh there's as the tape. And he starts out on this tape we're going to turn the sound down on it because we still have to fully vet this. This video is bad. Yeah but he starts out on the way. Speaking about the air strikes on Pakistan. Just a moment ago you recall that those are CIA air strikes that we're targeting him in fact. He lists the name of the city where the attack took place. The region of the country of Pakistan and that 18 were killed. And you'll see that behind him there is nothing distinguishing there. Nothing to indicate where he might be and nothing distinguishing it all. Just oh and now is that nothing distinguishing. So black background for crying out loud. Hmm. Nothing distinguishing. You can notice that. Yeah something is really it's really fantastic the insight that you get from watching CNN man. They pass it on such insightful, fantastic information that you couldn't notice with an A.K. that he's standing in front of a completely black background with a schmata on his head looking 100% healthy and with his old beard they'd like an old ganski would have had the schmata on his head and that's it. I'm in the time and Alzabahiri. I'd have put him back in a slimmer and Egypt for a little long. Raghead. 56050560, pound five60 and you've arrived in singular wireless line. I forgot about that at least Panther game and I brought a lot of pressure now. Oh I don't think I want to watch. Could be really you glee. WKWA in home. Not there. They're all been you glee lately. WKWA in home. Yeah. Tinas to get you out. Oh yeah. Okay good. WKWA in home. KWA in. Any old Matt dog then did mention that he was going to make a phone call. It's perhaps due to two to take. And then what I don't know what that means. What does that mean? What does that mean? Make a phone call. Okay well let me tell you what's received. We'll go back around here okay. The week before that. Yeah. You're saying that the person that should be on from two to six is somebody that you like because that way you're not going to enjoy the way they're out of existence. And so I went and he said that I didn't enjoy the way to enjoy anybody out of existence. He enjoyed going to himself out of existence okay. Well but he said that the person that should be on from two to six is someone that kneel like because kneel is the one who is going to make sure they either stick around or not. That's what Matt dog said. And then that's the one that's unfortunate that he said that because they're nothing to be further from the truth. Well that's what he said. And then last week he did say he was talking with Curtis back and forth. So he said well Curtis maybe make a phone call about that two to six hour. And the first thing I thought kneel was kneel with love that. Yeah. I know you like the Matt dog. He's very young. Okay. Have a great day. See that that that's like Steve Nicklello over again. You know kneel won't like it as if as if whoever was on there you know when you've got somebody on there who's aiming in everybody in the audience and everybody else on the radio station they're probably not going to get too much of an hour like a one point one sounds realistic to me. You know what I'm saying? But again I'm taking these I don't know what he said. Always take a with 10 greens of salt when this from your audience. Absolutely. I mean absolutely. In addition which who was the one who said that he ought to be on doing to the six. Somebody weeks ago how many years ago did I tell you that that he ought to be doing to visit? And that and that's before this latest has with the mowing everything we put it I said that long time ago as you recall as soon as they put heck out in the morning which was a well it was what it was. That mistake. You know see all of this stuff that's going on now it all comes out of one thing you know in a great read and the worst team you know blowing that thing up because Joe was going to go to Jan. Six full time. So let's get pissed off. Sorry everybody we got nobody else to put on now and then of course we went to all the incarnations we had Ron Hirschian Carolyn and the the whatever that morning zoom mess whatever they called that and then the defo show which never even got said got canceled before it started because he was busy dealing with the Indians over there and just on and one mistake after another Greg broke into a million pieces The Greg we humped the dumped in morning show and so since then this station been tried to recover and put its pieces back together again Because we don't have a morning show. That's why even now we don't have a morning show Morning shows are not like five to seven seven to ten even though both the sports stations seem to think so That's not a morning show a morning show is six and a more until 10 a.m. when you agree? I'm sorry I was listening. Yeah I understand you got to cover your ass. You don't want like alienate this guy like you pissed off Greg read by singing his kid was Idiot, that's not how I did it. Oh How to do it I said this place is a madhouse. I don't understand how it operates. Oh Well, I know all you had to do it was show up because you weren't one of his people He anybody that wasn't one of Greg's inner circle and he didn't hire he hates them like put everybody else has to go And usually people are very insecure they surround themselves with their own lemmings their own suckups People are very insecure because they know basically They're like that Greg If you're in a dead end job speaking of George if you're underpaid speaking of Josh and George if you knew his resolution is a high-painaire Then you better act now pick up that phone and call by the way Josh. How's your erase coming? Oh, I hear it's coming In other words nothing is what you're saying pretty much so again instead of coming in there in a morning and Talkin with me and aggravating and agitating and this make believe little kid program director The only reason he's there is because the you unbaskable getting around it is a home game and out on the road He'd be long gone Instead of that what is the deal with take care of business okay take care of business it's about time Josh Darryu idiot you civiled let's start taking care of beeswax baby and stop out of a loony Although I do like Hebrew national although below he's kind of like I don't taste this I like a nice salami like a generous salami Anyway, if you want to get a high-painaire if that's one of your news resolutions. It's a final life I have no life pick up the photo call fast train right now tool free at eight six six fast train They'll get to train you ready for a new high-painaire just a few short months. It's all it takes Just a few short months out of your life and all of a sudden you can be a mince You can have a big fat paycheck on payday and do the things you want to do The demand for medical coding spray system computer professionals right now is at an all-time high and fast train offers Convenient day evening a weekend classes job placement assistant Simfinance lay for people who qualify pick up the phone call them eight six six fast train They placed over 100 people just like you in 2005 and even maybe less bright than you are if that's possible 10 fast train on the web at fast train.com But act now because classes are filling up fast don't miss the train of opportunity this year get yourself a real career And a real income that goes along with having some skills call eight six six fast train and be sure and tell me Todd 1 866 fast train All right And now another verse of celebrity poetry Jessica Simpson and Nick clich no longer together was sad to say she So beautiful till she opened her mouth giving pause and embarrassment to those from the south To love her forever was what Nick planned and to have another hit with a shlocky boy band We thought Jess was smart till the day that she announced the chickens came from the sea Their talent not special no Vincent and all but we shall miss their ridiculous newlywed show The sadness is deep and we all feel remorse that this Hollywood couple will see good abort No more TV variety shows no more Daisy Duke shorts right hundred next lows The pretty couple together no more they're IQ together added up to just four Just we'll sing and act on her own and wonder if in meet love there is a bone the world will be different That we must say just a Simpson Let's Nick clich This has been another verse of celebrity poetry I can't illustrate in the mad dog out on something you know who's gonna succeed in the afternoon from two to one ever somebody who'd be audience likes oh what a concept I you're something crazy again. Yeah, right. Well, what a crazy concept somebody the audience likes not somebody that I like Somebody the audience likes Remember how you say right how right here by not supporting it that's right I just write everybody is I'm always the convenience kid code like Joey Reynolds everybody who comes down the bike Dickie Farco you name it Exxon mobile says profit record. Thank you Exxon mobile and the Saudis and the Bin Laden's and the bushes for those love bargain basement gas prices Exxon mobile said US records For annual and quarterly profits today is an easily top fourth quarter earnings four cast They're raping the public raping you folks The nation's largest world company before the nation come in the fourth quarter of ten point seven billion dollars Compared to eight four point four, but in the year before Exuding items Exxon mobile or in 10 point three between the Republic 65 a share but a meat but a boot put about Their net income a beef up above above above above above that sees something that might be interesting While oil and gas prices in the fourth quarter were down from level seasons of timber Thought that barely dead in Exxon mobile's top line revenue for the quarter was 99.7 billion up from 81.9 Year earlier quarter and down only one percent from the hundred point seven, but in the third quarter when they were really raping like crazy How do you like that just raping the public like wildfire and Voice and Cheney and all that what did I tell you the very first minute they went into Iraq? What did I say it's about two things ammo any wine? Oh, I a lot necessarily that order and you recall that that Discussing scene insurance 911 Where that the Business man is given the lecture to seminar all these other grave robbers Oh, once they open up the oil one that oil starts flowing there's gonna be big money for all of us and you better be there to We're spotted capitalizing. We're gonna die. Yeah, it'll be good for business right? It'll be bad for the people but good for business. Remember that one guy said a start started to say it'll be bad for people The ones who are still alive and the good for business Because just like the guy said I'm one of the great movies of all time and spider drives court is being an idiot One of the great movies the world is a business Mr. Bill That's the most important part of that movie right there. Yeah, there's some good lines in that movie They knew we're snorting him obviously otherwise you would have enjoyed God what is wrong with you? That scene in the ITT boardroom in the dark room and his Howard Bill with a ghost like face sitting at the one end There's net baby at the other end Ranting and raving and pounding on the table and then he stops this. How can I get this really mr. Bill? Oh Remember he says I could sell anything Too bad we don't have him working in our sales department. Yeah Iraq and you went health officials said today a 15-year-old girl who died this month was a victim of the deadly age five and one train to the Virplu virus the first confirmed case of disease in the Middle East See this is how the God works man. He's getting really p.o. Did all those crap and when Hamas won that election the other day That really said him off Because you do realize the God is Jewish. That's right Test run to win and determine if the girls aren't the who lived in the same house also died of the virus He died 10 days later after suffering and said you see the guy him They took the same God that it wouldn't have been original by he just keep it at so they had to invent it. Jesus thing See because he was also Jewish but nevertheless They had to have like their own character Because every religion's got to have like a major character Whether it's like my Hamad or Buddha or Joseph Smith or Joseph Cotton whoever my being and his brother Cotton Baton They called it I mean I realize him 100 years old, but have you ever heard anybody say that in last year's cotton baton? Not lately hurt Cotton mother. Yeah, he's onion used by the way. How is cotton baton about 341? I heard He ain't no Bobby of Ela Iraq health authorities became killing domestic birds in northern Iraq which borders Turkey Where least 21 cases of deadly virus have been detected Today we started a campaign to kill birds in three towns said the Kurdistan health minister We can and we have committees to do so another Kurdistan health ministry said Officials said thousands of domesticated birds expected to be killed but authorities aren't equipped to kill Magratory birds he said we know how to kill him. Well, let me give you an idea There's a hint. Okay Send everybody out on a shooting party give take tani and judge Scalia in there. They'll take care Then go on duck hunting and h5 in one virus hunting at same time, right? 560505 60 probably is in another restaurant. I'll need to be on this pool. This is something I want to write this crap out. I'm taking my time WQAM hello 2 AM Yes, sir Unforcibly jigano Tina spaghetti houses gone That's federal highway right there before the 17th week crossway All right, they have the same guy owns Ernie's and Ernie's barbecue cross street in the Floridian Uh-huh, and I guess you get tired of losing all that money there at penis Can't tell they write it off for so long Okay, thank you. Okay, sound pretty pressed Um What's that other place that in Fort Lauderdale, I just I just had on the tip of my tongue when he said penis and it just looked by mine so many So many have Now what about all the great new places? 56070560 pound five six-in-leave a rise in singular wireless lines We got one great new place terrorist taken lobster in fact. We got that spot kind of later And I'm gonna get my magnifying glass out for a two-troy you idiot You notice how that change real fast how somebody we got some action on that yeah See just like that nothing Just like Josh court. This is razor the same same thing the things that we that we need give us what we need what you do it Can you do it? Are you willing to try to do it now? They won't do it And as far as all the other stuff is concerned, you know, it's the old you know, and we ever seen an intersection Or the it's I'm sure you have it's first of all the hurricanes where they have a traffic cop directing traffic Yeah, because the the signal is out And the traffic cop is giving it to the sign either this stop sign with a hand up or the motion like come ahead You know right and what we get is we get both hands Usually at least one stuck in a back door, right, but we get on the one hand come ahead Okay, and then the other hand is like held up in the air So it's like we get we get the red light green light syndrome Well at least it's red Yes, or can really red twice man 26 after one already my god I'm gonna wonder if I should fact this day or we should start this thing now because it's another one I think the verdict soon Yeah The verdict I don't get what anybody says I thought this poll was cute There's a mess in your camera. Let's like you always saw as a decent a message over to the hero and across the street and a great co-text and the end is buddy Dan LeBastard Oh, you're gonna see we're gonna get that needle all whipped up and we're gonna Yeah, you know something Like I said people listen to what they like this reminds me of a conversation with Tim Williams and Zeta Who has all been on a shape with me because I those whose members in the morning on the morning show and the rest of the day They couldn't draw flies to a Joyce pile It wasn't because I didn't love the music they were playing was because the audience hated it their music It was because pd the tweeter boulder was the program director program and music from a hell, you know After you hear CCR for the 4,000 time enough isn't off pd okay And it's the same thing Everywhere I go it's the same thing off Neil would just inform me Chuck Meyer to morning show on the irony that sucked Limits number that oh I lot of work went into that show. No, yeah If you would have just supported it a lot more a hit at a 40 share there in a morning Chuck Mark It's always kneeled on remember those t-shirts we had meals fault that and yeah The rain's bad meals fault you dog peas on a carpet kneels for all If you have like a bad hemorrhide pops kneels for all Somebody gets fired at some station in Tucson Arizona must be kneels for all Right right Oh, I can lose 15 grand kneels for all 18 He's all I know the brings him down He's there as I go He's at the biggest people all around And now Don't just tell you You got the two to two all the time until the one through Who I can see a thousand now on the attack with his attorney This day making us free Colloting some You're fair Looking at our full terminal or reminder take a pillow plastic Ratchet or Span City. Walthy what in 560 WCM started lied. I did try to face the new folder of Eric and then the paper got like sideways on your side. I just stopped. Yeah, and did, did. That'll be jammed on it. Kind of tasty. And anyway, so I'll rewrite it and send them a little later on. What is there, Thor Merge, and see we got such a good pull up there going right now. And this is tomorrow's anyway. I thought we'd get a little head start from the QM Head Start program, but the High School Senior who had transferred to an alternative school as punishment for parading his principal on the internet. It's still in the district arguing in Violet, his freedom of speech. Just in Lashock, I used his grandma's computer and the website myspace.com to create a phony profile under the principal's name and photo. The site asks questions and just infill the answers pepited with the vulgarities, fat jokes, and the question, what did you do on your last birthday to response to the director remember, Court of the Lawsuit filed on just as behalf by the ACLU. School officials were to be used. They questioned the teenage year about the site December 20, first this is in Pittsburgh, by the way. And he apologized to the principal, but not enough. On January 6th, the district suspended just in for 10 days transferred him to an alternative program, typically reserved for students with behavior or attendance problems, Court of the Lawsuit. He also has been from school events, including tutoring and graduation ceremonies. I guess he won't be tickling on the panel like Emil Hirsch in imaginary heroes. I guess you've noticed that at the end of the movie and that scene. I did. But how is a step further there? Half brother, whatever he is, puts his hand on his shoulder and like, no, I said, I did. Just a quick, just a quick little constant. That was a message. That was a message. Yeah, that's it. There's a message in there. Wasn't subtle. Don't have to embellish it was very subtle. Yeah, that's why that last little scene there was not necessary, but I can see why they did it. Some people are slow. Well, I'll make you feel a little bit better. And give you an idea what was to come. I mean, they could have just ended it right there at the graduation. No. Yeah, well, I thought that was going to happen. Anyway, he was playing a pattern. Right, right. He was going to be in the middle. Because he was good though. Right. It was good they went beyond it because most movies they do that. And we fade to black and hear come the credits. You think, come on. Give me a little a little more something. Oh, I'll tell you. In this critical last semester, just in top opportunities to gain the mission to college may be a Reppably damaged. I'll because of a little internet prank. According to the lawsuit, Penn State University, Notified just in that state, Penn. That is application, but put on a registration a hold and ask for more information about this suspension. Suspended the sentence. It is unknown how or why the University received this information since it's supposed to be confidential under the federal student privacy laws the lawsuit says. I saw the rest from about 10 million. Okay, the lawsuit filed in the U.S. This recording Pittsburgh says just in some media reinstitment. And hearing is going on today for a temporary order. Not to excuse it, but school officials need to understand that they're not parents, Well, as I said, school officials can't reach into parents homes and tell them not to raise their kids. Okay. He get a little prank. Okay. So the teacher was a federal, the principal was a fat, Slav and a moron. He's probably right. Just like some of the people we got in our sales department. I'm a saying. So who gave him my email address? Well, I don't think we'll ever know. Maybe we'll have to post a bounty. I'd like to put a bounty on his ass by the pound. I don't know if I can afford it. Verlis County, one of the other big crookman, all the crooks that run in the world. A bushing chain, got those Saudi ragheads. Sylvia Verlis County, a tenant prime minister, maybe the biggest crookman in the world is mayor of fact. His name is for his ambitious promises, but he's unlikely to be called a task if he breaks his latest pledge, not to have sex before the April 9 general election. I'll see in the old days before George, I could have said he's not going to have a, sh**t, sh**t before the election. But I can't say that now. See? I said, could no, because they're saying, okay, come ahead with the wall one hand and the stop sign goes up for the other one. But I mean, but I know, but I don't like to make things like that. Don't say that and don't squeeze your cheeks and I, okay, whatever you say. And you know, the ironic part of it is, when was the last time that that was an issue on this show? Have any of us been belly aching that we can't do this? And what they would talk about that, you know, we've been going along as best we can under very difficult circumstances. And that's it. We're not the ones who raised those issues. See what I'm saying? What I said, I'm saying I'm not happy about it. I'm disgusted. Gross out. At a party rally in Sardini on Saturday, Verlis County, the media tycoon received the blessing of television preacher, Messamiliano, Puske, Puske, or Puske, or Puske, or Puske, or Puske, or what a strange name. Who's thanked him for opposing game origin to friendly family values. Thank you to your father, Messamiliano. I'll try not to let you down. I promise you two and a half months of complete sexual abstance to a pro-Might for Verlis County replied. It comments report on Sunday by the Daily Ill Journale. The trustworthy Verlis County, 69, prize himself on his physical fitness, and after a face-lapse in the head transplant, Lofseongrad, and when he swept the power of 2001. This is the guy who outlawed Stattiron. It's had in TV. He owns the National TV channel. He's off him and criticized by commentators and feminist groups for his use of sexual inhuman to one sexist jokes. In June, he sparked a diplomatic incident in Finland when he said he'd used toy boy tactics to persuade its women a woman present to give up to cite the European Union's food agency in Helsinki rather than the Italian city of Parma. In a new conference in 2003, famously complimented Danish Prime Minister, Andersville Grossmusin for his good looks. He so handsome, I'm even thinking of introducing him to my wife, Verlis County chuckle, and reference to political gossip at the time that his wife, a former actress, was having a affair with a well-known center-left politician. He likes to spread it around, Sylvia Verlis County. He's a woman to pop. All of them, they can mess around all they want, and maybe with a Swiss guard even, and with anybody else, but nobody else to it. Don't do that. So now he's doing a, well, what tells his name? What was that awful movie? 40 days in nights? What was that horrible movie? The kid from Halloween party 85 and from Pearl Harbor, you know, how fast he disappeared, by the way? Yeah. What tells his name? 40 days, 40 nights. So that's the amount of time. Right. And who was the kid's name? I don't know. Josh Hartner? Yeah. So you do know you just afraid to say it? I mean, I'm going to admit it. You don't have to do it. Yes, I'm going to admit it. Yeah. Well, how do you like that? Josh Hartner was just another one of Hollywood's pathetic excuses, paying him right in and around naked the whole movie. It was shameful. I'll never watch it again. Well, 716 Voster and Greg Co. Tex in the Dan LeBash had speaking of gay stuff. What's that story with Booster? You think he's like the pivot man in those three? 560560, pound five, 16 of Verizon, sing it around the slide. What's the best software to Western to close in the past 20 years? We ought to have the folks out of be smoking right now. Smoking. All the excellent places that are closed down and broken our old pickaloses, I want to configure that. That's a longer than 20 years. Because 20 years is 86, right? Last time we checked, tickalor. Just go back. Great. WDQAM hello. For a meal? Yes, sir. What's the help of so long to pick up? When you got man? I want to talk about the programming at WP. You got Jerry Springer 11 and you got Judge Mathis at one. But Maurice, he took 12 and one. And my blog is kind of slow on that hour. So, would you make your show up in the future? Five, six, seven, five, six, six. Pound five, six, ten. These singular and vera, so whatever it is. Wireless and Verizon wireless line. Pondrous. WDQAM hello. QAM. And Neil? Yes, sir. Remember the ground round? The ground round was great. Yeah, it was a safe, safe help. Department closed down because the peanut shelf bag. It was a pretty good restaurant. And also, you got to tell me that George is in negotiations with WQAM to take the two to six hours. No, no. No, no. What do you mean? What do you mean? That means I think it would be a great follow-up. So, you know. George is not going to the phone. No, thank you. And also, I don't think we want to catch Fidlon. We don't want to catch the other guy. Yeah. We just want to catch the other guy. That's okay. So, we're doing a hell of a good job. Excellent. We're doing a fabulous job. You don't want to catch your business partner. You know, it would be bad for business. The bushes and the bin Laden's there. Up to their ears and in together. They showed the WDQA Herbert Walker there. Really this morning with Mark the Washington his wife. Very depressing. Very sad. But the American public continues being led. And I'm going to say it again. CNN, we need to take them off the air. Now, that piece of garbage needs to come down. And you know, the funny thing about Keith Oberman, he showed it. It really is very entertaining you with the problem is. What's problem? Nobody watch all MSNEC. Nobody watches Chris Mathieu. Nobody watches Dan Abramstein. Nobody watches Tucker Carlson with a silly little bow tie. Nobody watches me because of you can't speak. And nobody watches Keith Oberman. MSNBC. They couldn't get arrested at a penny rate. That's how bad they are. They can't like the people across the street. You know, all kinds of wild dreams and intentions. But the problem is they got no. And in fact, I'll tell you. So it's like the Toronto Maple Leafs because that game tonight. L-O-T. Lack of talent. This is new Roger. This is by 1628. America loves the watch moves and butts and barking. Tonight on Fox. You are the worst thing in the world. American Idol. Depth of the auditions. That's amazing. Yeah. What about chocolate pie? Yeah. Terrible. I think let's give it a go. It was just weird. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It's a very exciting off-key. Almost the entire site. Did you get that? You don't listen to that. You're telling that. You could either hear those names. I'm part of the week down. American Idol. Depth of the auditions. On Fox. On 35 at QM Eric Markola strikes in the Toronto Sun. A war with Iran could go terribly wrong in nuclear Iran fear. Now they will fear you. He says the US and Israel are preparing to attack Iran's nuclear infrastructure. According to the US and European intelligence sources, the US and the US are exerting maximum diplomatic and psychological pressure on Iran to prevent it from enriching uranium and spread a bit illegal right to do so. The Iran remains defined. But may yet compromise by shipping uranium to Russia for enrichment. President Bush Land's Iran's limited-vigory nuclear program poses a grave threat to the security of the world, but he really means that Iran could one day challenge Israel's many nuclear monopoly. Today Iran's handful of inaccurate 1200-millimeter range, Shahab III missiles can barely reach Israel and have only non-nuclear conventional warheads. Many of Israel's estimated 200 nuclear warheads are targeted on Iran, including new nuclear arm-ducati-tamahawk land attack missiles on its dolphin-class submarines in the Indian Ocean. By the way, how's Israel's shuron doing anybody heard about him lately? Who? Not a word. U.S. and British special forces in U.S. draws have been probing Iran's defenses for a year, and major land invasions unlikely, however, since their overstretched in Iraq. The U.S. and Israel would likely use air missiles stretched to destroy Iran's nuclear industry and create a couple of military, much of Iran's critical nuclear facilities are far underground, or dug into hill-sized. Israel's hawkish defense minister, Shou'ul Malfe, is while calling for diplomacy, or last weekend, his nation would not tolerate a nuclear-armed Iran. Israel's missile is reclaiming this march as the absolute deadline to stop Iran's nuclear program. Israel's many supporters in the East Congress are literally calling for a war against Iran. Just keep on thinking mind, okay? Iran has oil. Does Israel have oil? No? No. Just keep that in mind, okay? German intelligence, at least, claimed last December the CIA brief Turkey Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and Jordan, about U.S. plans to attack Iran, Israeli warfines would overfly Jordan and Iraq's strike central in southern Iran. U.S. air and missile strikes could come from the Avalgar Sea of Gutter, Oman, Oman, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Central Asia, and from carrier surface warships and subs in the Indian Ocean. I didn't know they made subs in the Indian Ocean. I've actually heard their tasty. Probably got some of them in the Indian Paralympel, or I'll bet. And probably smell real bad, too. Iran's Persian Gulf nuclear reactor complex would be struck, and Richmond and heavy water plants in uranium mines are primary targets. Second priority, missile assembly plants, air and naval bases, power stations, et cetera. Iran vows to retaliate against it and is ready to attack by far one conventionally our missiles against Israel's nuclear weapons complex at the Mona. Remember, does the Mona? Who? Iran's dilapidated their forces' early air where they never might have threat to Israel, even an improbable missile hit would probably do little damage. Still, Europeans are fretting over the risk of radiation releases from the Mona, and more likely Iran's bomb nuclear plants. The Iranians could retaliate more effectively by attacking U.S. forces in neighboring Iraq, and getting their Iraqi Shi'a allies to join in. Iran could mine the Gulf in a rep or a large force. Launch raids against U.S. bases in the Gulf have Afghanistan and Central Asia. Iran is the world's fourth largest oil exporter, and he's shot off an inflink enormous disruption of the West. Can you say $100 a barrel oil? $100 a barrel oil? No, good. Mass here, missile attacks with badly damaged Iran's nuclear capability, but probably not put it out of business for good, as the Israel's 81 attacks on Iraq's sole reactor. The illegal abortion administration may try to escape mounting woes by launching an air campaign against Iran to whip up fever among Americans before midterm elections. The most important thing is to have an American fortune, but this is dangerous because like the supposed Jolly little colonial adventure in Iraq, a war with Iran could go terribly wrong. It's just nice to net him passing. $727, we need to put another alternative on the poll on this one. Okay, because I'm not going to send him to one for a march or later on, the restaurants. Who are they? Oh, that's a good point. Because that's a good point. I'm not going to say that. Like I said, we not can name any votes because a lot of people have no idea who Dan LeBes did or Greg Co. Take either one of them are. And with good reason, too. If you never heard of either one of them or anything they wrote or said on the year, you're probably a real happy person. I already can't be the new would be. Who are they? Is there a third choice? Yeah, Tonya put another choice on the poison. Anna. Say, yeah, we lied. And there you go, who are they? It's on their forever. Nice going, Erja. She's on top of it. And he worked on that racy from a clearance. The difference is busy trying to aggravate me every morning before the show. That's it. That's it. He was one of the oneiest, most annoying people I've ever encountered in my life. He just idiot. I'm annoying. He definitely is on a wrong station. He belongs on VUM with my corrosion tall. You may mistake how about this king. He's at it. Look at that. That's his level. Let's just give me my paycheck. That's all I ask other than that. Go away. Don't forget about my email address to anybody else. I've actually was him and gave it to a fat boy. You think? Oh, that could have been? Yeah, probably clearance. Why he said he'd been working on it budget and getting a Josh Court as his raise approved, which is like two months past do already. He was busy spreading my email address, right? And also, we'll cook it up there for me to come and do a personal appearance in sign of his picture cards, which is not going to happen. The game is the last rights in New York Times. That glance sounds like lands. I don't think it would. Joyce allows us to say that. No. Because glance is part of the, ah, me and the. He knew what it had American financial practices in Iraq. His own cavity regularities including millions of reconstruction dollars, theft case, lead to foot lockers and filing cabinets. And American soldiers and the Philippines who gambled away cash belonging to Iraq, and through your rackets who plunge to their deaths in a rebuild hospital elevator that have been improperly certified as safe. Not all. This baby's going out kind of fat, too. The auto released, the yesterday by the office of the special and I saw like Tom Jick had then, grifting alive. The auto released yesterday by the office of the special inspector general for a rack we construction expands on its previous findings of fraud, incompetence, and confusion as the American occupation for money into training and rebuilding programs in 2003 and 4. The auto and coverage mass problems in an area that includes half the land mass in Iraq, with new findings in the seven and central provinces of the country and the other ones. The special inspector reports to the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State, Condor Leisure. Agents from the Inspector General's office found that the living and working quarters of American occupation officials were a wash and shrink rat stacks of $100 bills, colloquial loan is bricks. One official kept $2 million in a bathroom safe, another more than a half a made an unlocks foot locker. Long contract, we see more than 100 grand, completely refurbished and Olympic pool, but only polished a pumps. Even so, local American officials certified the work as completed, more than 2000 contracts ranging in value from a few thousand bucks to more than half a million, some $88 million in all were examined by agents from the Inspector General's office. The report says that in some cases the agents found two indications of potential fraud and investigations are continuing on. They're looking into what's happening to other committees. Other investigations, right? A couple, three, maybe four. On 52 a QA, I'm talking about restaurants where they live near downtown for a long time. I want to take about a restaurant that's worth a drive no matter where you live. I'm talking about terrorist-stake and lobster house, which recently opened their second location on the 17th Street Causeway. You can find Terry, yesterday is one almost every night greeting guests at her new 200 seed restaurant and lounge, proudly greeting East Coast residents to same unique terror dining experience, which earned her mark awhile on restaurant near perfect marks in that prestigious against her rate, and a wine spectator or a vxl and swine was now boasting over 388 selections from the world's greatest wine regions. The main attraction of terrorist-stake and lobster house is just as the name suggests. The list is juicy, steak and lobster. Although they do a fine job with everything from their cognac and fuse lobster, biscuit, the mom's class of crap case to their selection of fresh seafood and chops too. Regarding by many as the Pete or Ligrod this south after the legendary steak house in Brooklyn, terrorist-stake and lobster house incorporates family recipes to complete the menu too. Sauses and dressing have made fresh in-house every day and meticulously hands-selected dry aged short lines in accordance with for baritare and method. At least if you've prepared the signature porter house for 1-2-3-4 served cut away from the bone on the sizzling platter. I'll take the one for four, thank you. Sweet and tender is the only way to describe the lobster collection of terrors, which are maintained with tender loving care and spacious tanks fed by a bio-wheel. Three to six pound mayloftors prepared steamed, raw-lined, requested, stuffed with jumbo crab meat, and with lump crab meat, and also available as a complement to any of the state selections for the ultimate surf and turf. Bill Mists, terrorists happy are, if you Monday through Friday with two-for-one specialty drinks are the complimentary wine tasting, every Thursday between 530 and 730 when you stay for dinner. Terror-stake lobster house a place you've been a loved-view-a-find-a-met-1430 southeast, 17-sweet-cosuin-for-lobbidial, column-tool-free from anywhere in the state 1-866-Tara-4444. That's 1-866-T-A-R-A-444, or visit their website at www.terror-stakehouse. Let me say it again. Terror-stake-in-lobsterhouse.com, and don't forget, when the subject is great-stake, you'll always be here in a bug-tara-stakehouse. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5168. You get a lot of it. Bar! Neil Rogers on Sports Hole Radio, W-A-R. How do you always want to turn to dance? If you've ever imagined yourself gliding effortlessly across the floor with your partner in your arms while having the time of your life, then let's master pee show you the way. You are learning chacha backstrap while rumble with them. Teach you man. Master pee creates a learning experience that encourages and allows students to realize their full dancing potential, and an open and friendly atmosphere. Actually, I dance to get freaks. Now pay attention. Move your feet around a little bit. Not that's too much. Don't move so where do you have? I don't have a hat. I don't have a hat. Move your feet around a little bit. Okay, not that's too much. But you have a watch how I do that. I've been barely moving. Barely moving. That's not dancing. Barely moving. Where do you have? I don't know what to open. You're not dancing. Where do you have? Master pee is a form room dance specialist with the mission of making dancing fun, enjoyable, and rewarding. It's also striving to become a counter-insultuous dancer or competitive form dancer. Master pee will provide you with highly special life and personalize ballroom dance lessons. The Master pee way. All right, so the first way is a hat, man. I don't have a hat. I thought for the shoe view wearing. These are dance shoes. Oh, you know where dance you wear sneakers? sneakers? Because, well, why would I wear sneakers? Brother don't be called wearing dance. You need to wear sneakers and then wave your hat. I don't have a hat. Don't bet on that to pee. Master pee is ballroom dance school. It's now accepting the students. From automation, go to Master pee school to dance.com. Are you sure the side is a shot shot? Man, I'm gonna ask you one again. Yeah? Where do your hat? I don't have a hat. I'm going to tell you. No, no, no, no, no. I love to come to my school. Or why not? You don't have a hat. Why do I need a slipping hat? Time to open the Master pee school of dance, canable hat. Who's house? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Where do you have? It all free into a whole world's about head gear, so where you had. All right, you weren't it? With the propeller on it. 742 votes, who's the biggest A-hole in South Florida print media, Dan LeBastard 521, Greg Co. 213, who are they? Eight. We just have that only second to go. And it's going to resume up there. Who the hell are both of them, right? Right. So let's see, fat boy was terrified to get fat boy. My email address and clearance will be, it's not right to where the hearts supposed to be. Where does no sense is no feeling. Let me see it one more time, okay? Because this whole business about whoever ne' likes it, who I'll tell you who else is to see it really big time and they have to know between two and one, whatever. You know, let me say it very clearly. Whoever the audience like. Bye bye.